SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Wow, it was starting to feel like springtime around here for a little bit.ADAM KLOTZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL METEOROLOGIST: I know, changed quick.SMITH: And here comes the snow. Adam Klotz, thank you for that.KLOTZ: Yes.SMITH: Good to see you. All right, thanks so much for joining us. Be sure to catch me tomorrow 1:00 p.m. Eastern alongside John Robertson on "AMERICA REPORTS". For now, here is THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld who promises to insult me. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.It's a full-blown medium mutiny against the elderly man with a poor memory. The liberal press is now openly calling for Joe Biden to step aside as a stunning number of Americans question his age and cognitive decline. 86 percent think Biden is too old to serve. Following that bombshell classified documents report that questioned his memory. That includes 73 percent of Democrats. It's probably why the New York Times is running these back-to-back hit pieces.One is from the editorial board which says, "The challenges of an aging president" and another column this putting it more bluntly, "The question is not if Biden should step aside, it's how."Joe isn't going to go quietly to the nursing home yet. The president sending his army of smooth-talking Democrats to defend his mental state and blame the media.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: He is sharp. He is on top of things.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And the one thing Joe Biden is never going to do is count on this, he is never ever going to quit.ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY, HOMELAND SECURITY: The most difficult part about a meeting with President Biden is preparing for it. Because he is sharp, intensely probing and detail oriented and focused.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If press coverage focuses relentlessly on things that don't represent Joe Biden's real body of work.JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: You're sitting in the White House and on the campaign right now, you're absolutely banging your head against the wall at the way that the Thursday report has been covered. Wall-to-wall coverage of whether a guy who's four years older than his opponent is too old to be president.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The polls are what they are, is because Democrats are buying into the narrative that Republicans are creating and amplifying.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And no matter how hard Joe Biden tries to reassure Americans that his brains working all right, there's always another sandbag he trips on or dead president he talks to. Check out this video of the president bumping his head while exiting Marine One this weekend. And Biden thinks his faulty memory is all a joke.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: But I didn't realize and I've been around -- I know I don't look like it but I've been around a while. I do remember that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Dana Perino, how do you think the left has digested this Thursday news dump and the press conference afterwards?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Just sitting in there like a Clif Bar? Never digests and I can't stand it. Also, I've never bumped my head.WATTERS: No?PERINO: No, I'm just too short. It must have hurt. I saw a tweet over the weekend that was talking about how in 1984, the press said that Reagan was too old, he was 73, that Bob Dole was too old in 1996, when he was 73. And that John McCain was too old in 2008.But until last week, until last Thursday, the press was willing to look the other way on Biden. And then 86 percent of Americans said, no, actually, this is what we think.And I got to tell you, if I was in the White House, I'm thinking, how are we supposed to fight against 86 percent of the country with sent -- you can send out as many people as you want to say that he's great. That's not what people are seeing. People might have respect for him. They might have respect for the office of the presidency. But they see what they see. They hear the cadence. And the knives are out from Democrat gray beards like James Carville.And I feel like last week was the death knell for the campaign. I don't know if they know that yet. And if they don't make any changes, and they might not, then they're looking at a likely loss in November.WATTERS: Greg, what about when they say it's so difficult to prepare for a meeting with Joe Biden? Does anybody really believe that?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: No, I don't think so. But what's amazing and I think it's -- I think it's great news, and I hate the negativity from you, Dana. It's -- but it's so like you.PERINO: It's hard for me.GUTFELD: So yes, 86 percent agree that Joe is a problem. He finally fulfilled one campaign promise, he unified the country.I mean, 86 percent don't agree on anything. Anything. This is a kumbaya moment. This is our national anthem. We don't need to have them here.But, you know, I think, you know, going to what Mayorkas was saying, you know, maybe it's not about dementia, it's dementia plus Joe Biden, because remember, when he was younger, he wasn't a -- he wasn't really a principled, persuasive human being, he was narcissist, a stick, he was a plagiarist, he was a phony blowhard, he was plagiarizing back in the 70s and 80s. And I'm not talking about his age, I'm talking about decades.I think that we're crediting dementia with stolen valor. I mean, you could argue that the dementia is containing Joe. You know, finding out Joe has dementia is like finding out the Titanic has rust. It just came a little later.But I also love that Jen Psaki says that the White House staff is banging their heads against the wall. They're doing that, that's the only way they can understand the president, you know?I think they should be grateful that Biden got this far. He's like a car driving on bald tires on fumes and they kept driving past the exits. You know, next gaffe four miles, next gaffe 15 miles, we can make it, we can make it, they almost made it.So, the media in the White House they deserve props for keeping him president this long. Like for protecting him like a Faberge egg.You even have the LA Times, you saw what they said, that his age is a super -- a superpower. That's like saying the Hulk superpower is that his clothes don't fit. It's just what you see.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine, now, like blatant speculation about replacing him at the convention this summer.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes, you know, Politico came out with an article this afternoon. And they talk about one of the ways that Joe Biden can get out of office and kind of maintain his dignity, which is basically at the end of the primary season on June 4th, to say, look, I won the primary and I'm fit to serve. But I understand the public's concerns. And so, I'm going to release my delegates, I've done my duty, I defeated Donald Trump once and just as an FYI, as delegates don't automatically go to Kamala and then they can fight it out.But look, Dana and Greg are right, 86 percent of the country can agree that it's sunny, or that the sun shines on the sunny day. I mean, that you just can't do that.And the real problem is, is in the swing states, more than 70 percent of the people believe that he is too old and doesn't have the cognitive ability to run for a second term.I don't think he can finish this term. And one of the issues for me is that when you have a president, who wasn't even aware that his Secretary of Defense was not around at a time when we're in the middle of two wars, when men are being hit and servicemen and women, which remain traumatic brain injury and all kinds of other injuries. When you've got a guy who's testifying before Congress, his Homeland Security secretary says, oh, no, the border is secure, when the president is saying the border hasn't been secured for 10 years. Finally, he's not in sync with any of the people in his administration. So, you have to say not only who's running it, but is he talking to anyone.But here I think is the big issue. He needs to take a cognitive test, there is too much at stake. 86 percent of Americans think he's too old cognitively, right? The special counsel came out and said, hey, everybody, I spent five hours with this guy, I spent five hours and he's a well- meaning man with the -- what is it, deficient memory with a poor memory and diminished capacity and faculties.In the end, he's got to take a cognitive test, and they should release the transcript of the interview that led this special counsel to say, this man, you can't even prosecute him. He's not in compos mentis.And so, what we've got to try to figure out is how this translates from there isn't any one that would give the guy a regular job. Would you employ Joe Biden for anything? No. But we got him running the country? The whole thing is ridiculous. And it's got to come to an end somehow.WATTERS: So who has this conversation, Harold Ford, is it Dr. Jill? Is it Barack Obama? What's the process if this happens this way?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's good to be back around the table. I think you've mentioned one or two names, it probably wouldn't be there.Look, let me take a step back. I think it's healthy that our presses raising these questions. We sometimes around the table I think justifiably are critical when the broader press and everyone in the press is not raising some of the things that we're raising.Well, they are raising this issue now. And I think it was the catalyst for it obviously was the Hur report certainly accelerated us to this point.Two, both of these candidates. I think we shouldn't kid ourselves. Both of them probably lost their fastball, both are a little old. We live in a country where innovators and ideas and thinkers throughout our 250 almost year history have been able to emerge to the fore in business and academia and politics.And I think we find ourselves, Republicans find themselves, Democrats find themselves, Independents find themselves asking at least I've heard, is this the best that we can do?I'm not suggesting the two of them are -- I'm not ages, I'm not suggesting two of them or not capable and smart and patriotic people. But I think at some level people ask these questions. And the Democratic Party to your -- to your point Jesse is going to have some questions to answer. If 85 plus percent of the country over the next few months believe that our nominee could not last for four more years, you can't ignore that. Now, you can ignore it if you want to lose. But I think at some point, you have to factor all of those things in.Now, I watched him for the -- I'm happy to see him taking some of the advice that we and Dana have been trying to give, which is tick off the things that you've done. Talk about the things you want to do going forward, identify the next -- for the next five, 10, 15 years, what are the most important issues the country is going to face from rebuilding our military, from reforming our education system, from finding ways to pay our bills? What is it that you're going to do that makes you so unique as a candidate that the country has to have you and that you're almost indispensable for the moment.PERINO: You saw him do that?FORD JR.: No, no. I said -- well, I saw him he ticked off some of the things that he has done. He's got -- neither of them have done it. All Trump does is criticize people he doesn't like.GUTFELD: Harold.FORD JR.: All Biden does -- I don't think Biden is doing an effective job. Neither of them are.GUTFELD: But Harold, you -- I got to take issue with you crediting the media. The only reason why they're doing this --FORD JR.: I'm not, I'm saying they're doing the things that we're saying.GUTFELD: They did it because it was unavoidable. It's just like the border issue and the crime issue. They wait for the breaking point when they have -- when their backs up against the wall, Joe's dead man walking, not even sure he's walking, maybe dead man napping. And it's like -- it's like now we're --FORD JR.: But Greg, look, I don't disagree with you. But I saw -- I said last week, it'd be like Democrats who want to bring the border thing up, be like Democrats saying to a Republican president, we're not going to do a gun bill with you because we don't want you to get the credit for it.I don't care when people come around. That's just how I was raised and perhaps that's how my politics is. I just think if somebody comes around, you know what I say? Come on.PERINO: But they -- but they would have maybe made a different decision over the holidays about him running again if the media hadn't shelter them from this criticism.FORD JR.: Well, if there have been a Hur report in December, you're probably right. There's no doubt that it's been a catalyst for this. I'm not -- I'm not naive.PERINO: You don't need the Hur report.PIRRO: You don't -- you don't. It was obvious to the public that man can't -- he can't walk without stumbling and for the first time I saw him trip at that graduation. He couldn't get up. He tried to get up once and he couldn't get up on his own.I mean, this is a real problem. The man stumbles, he's angry after he has to defend himself. That's part of the cognitive decline. You get outraged and angry. It's all in front of us.FORD JR.: Is that what it is? All right.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Harold, you tried your best. Good job.Coming up, Joe Biden spent his Super Bowl Sunday in the most pathetic way possible yelling at the makers of Tostitos.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Joe Biden may have snubbed his big Super Bowl interview, but the elderly man with a poor memory wasn't going to let the big event go to waste. Instead of letting Americans just enjoy the game. President Biden made it political by releasing a video that blasts snack companies for shrinkflation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The Super Bowl Sunday. If you're anything like me, you like to be surrounded by a snack or two while watching the big game. You know, when buying snacks for the game, you might have noticed one thing, sports drinks bottles are smaller, bag of chips has fewer chips, but they're still charging us just as much.As an ice cream lover, what makes me the most angry is that ice cream cartons have actually shrunk in size but not in price.I've had enough of what they call shrinkflation. It's a rip off. Some companies are trying to pull a fast one by shrinking the products little by little and hoping you won't notice. Give me a break.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And if that wasn't embarrassing enough, the commander in chief also using Super Bowl Sunday to officially get his campaign on TikTok despite his own FBI warning that it is a national security threat.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Game or commercials?BIDEN: Game.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Game or halftime show?BIDEN: Game.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Jason Kelce or Travis Kelce?BIDEN: Mama Kelce, I understand that she makes great chocolate chip cookies.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump or Biden?BIDEN: Are you kidding? Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Republicans are also blasting the move. Senator Josh Hawley is tweeting this, "The Biden campaign is bragging about using a Chinese spy app, even though Biden signed a law banning it on all federal devices".All right. I want to start with the snacks first and I'll go to you Jesse. You know, Bidenomics, every time you turn around, it is -- remember, last year was a big oil then it was big meat that was responsible, then last week it was the grocery store that they found out make like a one to two percent profit from their sales. And now it's the big snack companies that are the bad guys. Isn't it all about Bidenomics?WATTERS: Yes. Nothing's shrinking except his approval rating, Jeanine. Listen, ice creams come in pints. They've always come in pints. They're not getting any smaller. I every time I buy a bag of potato chips, it's half chip, half air, that's the same thing.Did he open a thing of Pringles? And maybe there was not as many Pringles. Hunter had the munchies. It's not how it works. Have he been to a supermarket, they sell Gatorade and mini Gatorades now, the bottles aren't shrinking.This guy is pointing the fingers at everywhere. And all we want to know is how he's going to reduce big-ticket items like insurance, lumber, labor, hair spray.If I was doing Joe Biden social media, I wouldn't be asking him Super Bowl or commercials. That's a girl question. Travis Kelce or Jason Kelsey? Obviously, Jason Kelsey, his wife's an Eagles' fan.And Trump (INAUDIBLE) black national anthem or real national anthem? This is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. I would lean into it. I would say I was at the first Super Bowl. And I saw him play with leather helmets and the coke cost $0.05. Now I'm going to bring prices down maybe not that far but as far as I possibly could.Also, Usher was performing at halftime. I just hope everybody finds their seat afterwards. Just be stupid about it. You don't have to pretend you're hip.PIRRO: That's good. All right, Dana, you know the old rules for thee but not for me, take a listen to this sound from Heinrich and Kirby.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: I'm just trying to square why the president would use this platform that his administration is weighing a national ban on because of national security concerns?JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: Again, I'm not going to speak to any hypothetical ban, I can only tell you that it's not allowed on government devices, that policy remains the case and I just can't speak for the campaign or their decisions.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Obviously, that's referring to TikTok.PERINO: Yes, on the TikTok front, this would be a much bigger -- this should be a much bigger deal than is being covered. I think people want -- I think the TikTok video is better than the shrinkflation one. The TikTok videos like oh, it's cute. And then you're actually reaching your target audience.The thing is, we'd actually have real information that TikTok has used our personal information against us and they will in the future. And that is why Biden last year banned it on all federal devices.And many government -- state governments have done the same. But their campaigns like Gretchen Whitmer, for example, like I have a TikTok account, just not on my government account.And I think Americans would like some real answers on this. I just believe that TikTok is here to stay. I don't want to hear anything from Democrats about social media companies, again, if this is going to be the decision.On the shrinkflation video, did you see how many edits they had to do? That's kind of an interesting thing.Plus, this is just -- this is why I think a lot of people prefer to have conservatives in the Oval Office who can make business decisions, who skips doing a free interview to millions of people in order to spend millions of other people's money on an ad that's going to get trashed? That's what Joe Biden did.PIRRO: And in that regard, Harold, one of the things that James Carville said was, Joe Biden's not doing the Super Bowl interview is an indication that your staff doesn't have much confidence in you. Is it that or is it that they know you well, and know you can't survive it?FORD JR.: Well, I thought he should have done the Super Bowl interview. And I said here in other places. That was good advice you gave them, that they should have used that for a lighter moment. And we'll get to the black national anthem after I talk.With regard to TikTok, the president, they've got to explain to me, if you ban it for government devices, how is it that it's OK for the campaign and they should do that probably sooner, rather than later and shouldn't put the young, Karine Jean-Pierre out there without the information to be able to explain. I think that's a legitimate question.Look, I wouldn't talk about inflation the way you said if you're going to talk about inflation. It's coming down, Mr. President, I'm going to talk about inflation, talk about the things that you've done and things that you are doing. And if you want to make a little joke, I think call Jesse, and he'll tell you how to do it next.WATTERS: Call Jesse for the jokes. Did you hear that? No one's ever said that.FORD JR.: I didn't say it, but if you want to laugh, call Greg.GUTFELD: In your face, Jesse.PIRRO: All right, Greg, you want to respond?GUTFELD: Yes, you know, OK, this is -- it reminds me so much of the bud light situation about not reading the room. It's the biggest snack day in America. And it's reanimated corpse of Andy Rooney and starts going after snacks. I mean, that's kind of a buzzkill. That's like you go to a wedding reception and talk about divorce rates. You know, you go to a kid's birthday party go hey, one year closer to death, Jr.I don't -- you know, obviously Biden's not in charge. Maybe it is a woman who was fired from Bud you know, maybe she's given him tips and then he goes on TikTok, and I know why he's immune because it's the premier brainwashing industry. And you can't watch something that's not there. that's why Jesse never has to shampoo his hair.WATTERS: I spend plenty of money on shampoo and conditioner.PIRRO: And hairspray.WATTERS: And hairspray.PIRRO: All right, coming up, homeless camps are getting cleared out in a liberal city for a Leonardo DiCaprio movie.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: OK, that's the first of two Beyonce songs I'll be playing, she's going country and I'm here for it.All right, liberal California once again, proving that it can solve the homeless crisis if leaders want to. Homeless camps in Sacramento, California getting cleared out for an upcoming Leonardo DiCaprio movie.See the officials giving campers a 24 hour vacate notice ahead of the filming. The homeless people complaining about being forced out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Once you get one of these stickers, you get 24-hour period before you have to move your camp.I think a lot of homeless people like anybody will like the area they stay in and they like downtown. And they don't want to be moved so far away from downtown just because they're homeless, a rock and a hard place.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And talk about liberal deja vu the last time California devoted this much energy to cleaning up the streets was for the arrival of world leaders in San Francisco during the APEC summit and ahead of President Biden's meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.Greg, the nation not known for being a conservative paper to say the least, says that Sacramento's rate of homeless per 100,000 residents is almost double that of San Francisco.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: They've got to be furious.GUTFELD: It's the nation's capital, I'd be ticked off. I hear that because of Leo, they're replacing every homeless person with a 17-year-old Eastern European Serbian model. Serbian? But it just tells you that they can solve the problem. They can solve the problem if they want to. Maybe Hollywood should start filming more movies in these cities that have problems.I noticed in our packet there was this weird little fact. So, San Francisco is boasting a 3.5 percent drop in homeless, to 7,754. That's down from 2019. So, that's like roughly 280, 300 people which would be good news until you kind of go Google number of people who've died from overdoses. In 2022, 647 people. So, their decline in homelessness, what do you think that's from?It's like they're -- they've decided to just let the problem take care of itself. And it's conservatives that are inhumane or lack compassion. They're just saying you know what, maybe if they just keep shooting up, they'll be done.PIRRO: You are so right.PERINO: And judge, why don't the actors speak up on behalf of these people and say this isn't right. I mean, they live in California and have residences there. They could have some purchase with them.PIRRO: And they certainly have the podium. I mean, if they want to get out there and they have an idea for an issue in helping people, that's what they're all about, right, Jesse? You know, you would think that they would do it. But what's so interesting about this is there were six tents apparently in the filming area. So, they put these tickets on them and they said you have to be out of here in 24 hours. But what the packet said was through outreach and engagement from the city resource coordinator, we offer them connections to services and placement.Well, why don't you do that for everybody, number one, if you were able to move even two out. If you can move you know 20, 30 percent out, do it. But somehow there's a part of me that says, you know, instead of doing this for movies -- and by the way the movie company should be paying for the cleanup not the tax taxpayers -- but if you're going to do it for a movie set, I say to myself maybe we should show America for what it really looks like and then people might not be in such a rush to come here from other countries. They may say it looks like Honduras to me, I'm not going there.But the decline in people who were dying and they talked about the fact that there are 650 drug deaths in the tenderloin district alone in three years which is about 215 a year which I figured out to be about four a week are just dying one after another after another. And you know, now they're talking about putting a hotel in.Hotel is a good idea. You have to be sober. In other words saying, we're not going to stop you from you know using drugs but we want you at least to be sober. That might be inconsistent but at least they're trying something small. And maybe that'll work. Who knows? I don't have the answer. I don't -- I don't know where the hotel should go. But London Breed is in big trouble in San Francisco in terms of the election and she's trying to come up with some idea, Maybe you have an idea for her, Greg.GUTFELD: She hasn't called me.PERINO: Yes, she should call for the jokes and the laughs.GUTFELD: Greg Gutfeld.PERINO: Jesse, maybe we should ask for a big movie set in New York City and we could clean up the homeless problem.WATTERS: That'd be a good idea except I'd like to star in the movie. Can we make that kind of deal?PERINO: Absolutely.WATTERS: OK, good.WATTERS: I know who I'm going to play.GUTFELD: They filmed a movie last week at Fox. They closed off all the others. They didn't change anything.WATTERS: That's why Johnny was walking around the block all day?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: He wanted to be an extra. No wonder.GUTFELD: It was -- it was the penguin movie.WATTERS: Was that right?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: So, homelessness is just a jobs program for Democrats. For every one homelessness -- homeless person, there's like a two bureaucrats that collect the check from the taxpayer to make homeless lives easier. Do you know how hard it is to be a taxpayer though? I mean, you know, all the permitting, the tax agents, the speed cameras. You need to hire an army of specialists just to deal with all of these annoying government officials.But if you're a homeless junkie shooting up on the street, the government makes their life so easy. Here's a needle, here's a sleeping bag, here's some cash. I'd like to reverse that. I'd like for the government to make our lives easier and the lives of the homeless people a little more difficult. Maybe go by with a bullhorn at 6:00 a.m. Wake up people. You like camping so much, get in the van, we're going to take you to the Grand Canyon. Maybe go to the Pacific to take a dip because you can't live like this.When I interviewed a homeless junk for Get It Together which you can pre- order right now --GUTFELD: Well done.WATTERS: -- for Amazon, he said he liked when he was treated like a raccoon by the NYPD. He'd fall asleep on the subway and they'd poke him and they say get up. And he respected that because he'd get up and they need to go to detox. And you realize this is just a drug and mental illness crisis. They don't want to solve the crisis. They want to feed it for money.PERINO: Harold, when you are mayor of New York, what will you do?FORD JR.: Mayor, I don't know what they're talking about out here, but -- so, I think -- we did the story where I believe Governor Newsom when I think something was coming to the state and they cleaned up parts of the --PERINO: APEC.FORD JR.: The APEC was coming, now you have this. Politicians need to get serious across the board we seem to have lost a muscle to solve our problems. Jesse and everyone has given some ideas and thoughts about how to solve some of these problems. I'm not sure all of our ideas are the most actionable but the fact that we're thinking about them and being big and being bold about it, we've lost the competitive edge to try to build consensus and do things.You think about challenges in the country from Social Security, people are living longer because there have been medical breakthroughs. Social Security was initiated and the average age, your median age was 63. That was a life expectancy. The programing starts at 65. That has change we should think about how we solve challenges. Even in Congress, last week, we got to figure out how to fund Ukraine and fund Israel and even fund our border.We got to get back to solving problems and you can't just solve them because there's a celebrity, you can't just solve them because you have an out-of-town guest coming. You ought to solve them, where I agree with you 100 percent. Those of us who live in these cities, who pay taxes in these cities, who raise our kids in these cities, who are responsible adults in these cities, do it for us too. Leadership has to stand up in both parties and solve problems.PERINO: Yes, what about us? That's what I want to know.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: It's a good question.The Super Bowl lives up to the hype. Our reaction to the big moments including Travis Kelce shoving his coach and Usher tearing up the halftime show.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: The Kansas City Chiefs are the Champs again winning the Super Bowl for a second year in row in an overtime stunner that saw Patrick Mahomes throwing the game-winning touchdown. But it wasn't just the pig skin that got some -- that got America talking, there was the chugging and shoving antics of Taylor Swift and her boyfriend.Travis Kelce grabbing and screaming at coach Andy Reid on the sideline. Taylor Swift caught chugging a cold one in a shot broadcast on the Jumbotron. And Usher roller skating into our hearts with this halftime show. And yet it looks like a certain someone nailed the final score of the Super Bowl.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: 49ers or the Chiefs, Greg?GUTFELD: 25-22 Kansas City Chiefs.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Pretty amazing, guys?WATTERS: You got it, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes, thank you. You didn't see that one coming. You know, Harold, in the green room, you said you were surprised how few white people there were in the ads, and the ones that were, were portrayed as morons. What's this world coming to?FORD JR.: Wow. I think that I was --PERINO: I heard him say it too.GUTFELD: I know.FORD JR.: I was hiding behind Jesse. Jesse said that. The -- that was a heck of a game.WATTERS: That's not true.FORD JR.: He did not say that. He did not say that. The -- that was a heck of a game last night. Anybody that loves football -- it got off to a slow start, but you cannot have asked for a better ending. Anybody would have thought this thing would have gone to overtime. The coaching back and forth -- Kyle Shanahan is one of the great coaches, one of the great offensive minds. He's been questioned I think I think unfairly about whether he -- they should have received the kick in or kicked off in the -- in the overtime.But one thing is undeniable. Patrick Mahomes is the face of the NFL. He's not the greatest. Tom is still the greatest, but Patrick Mahomes is well on his way to being the greatest quarterback the league has ever known.GUTFELD: You know, Dana, when was tied -- was it 19-19 or 16-16? At the end of the game, they said they were starting a new game. If that's the case, why did we play the first one?PERINO: Yes, why don't we just go straight to that?GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. I say that about soccer all the time.PERINO: Penalty kicks is where it's at, Greg. I loved the roller skating in the halftime show. I am a very good roller skater.GUTFELD: I bet you are.PERINO: And I would like for that to make a big comeback. I also believe that Taylor Swift was chugging water because that's what I would do to make it look like I was drinking beer but I really wasn't. I learned that trick from my grandfather who used to go to county commissioner meetings and throw the alcohol in the nearest plant. That's a good lesson to learn.GUTFELD: Are you calling -- are you calling Taylor Swift a liar?PERINO: No, I'm calling her responsible, kind of, not really, I don't know. I'm not talking about her. I do want to mention this. Last night there was some analysis that I thought was really brilliant.GUTFELD: What?PERINO: It was when it looked like it was going to -- it looked like three is very different than four. And this was because San Francisco missed that extra point. And I said that's a brilliant analysis and I'm going to steal it. Three is very different than four. Don't ever forget it.GUTFELD: Yes, especially in a hot tub. Hey, Judge, what was your take on the game? You enjoyed it?PIRRO: I love the game. I mean, even in the -- even the first half which was you know, kind of boring, but at the same time it was just a great game. And I mean San Francisco played a great game. The Niners as they call them were really good. You know, Mr. Irrelevant there -- what was his name?FORD JR.: Purdy, Brock Purdy.PIRRO: Brock Purdy, he was very impressive. I also think the kicking -- there were some there some -- history was made. Butker did the longest kick he -- and before him, Moody did the longest kick, broke the record of 55 yards. So that was good.And I mean this whole thing about Travis Kelce getting into a thing with the coach. Look, these guys, they're like Gladiators. When they go into the Super Bowl, they go to win. And he was basically saying put me in coach because Pacheco fumbled, and Kelce was not in at that point. And I don't think that there's a real problem there. It's kind of like Brady and Belichick also had problems, but it's part of the energy, the passion. I want to -- I want to go in there and I want to win.GUTFELD: You see, I thought he was saying --(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: We got to give that an applause. I think that's very nice.PIRRO: Well, thank you.GUTFELD: I think -- I thought he was saying I can't stand Taylor's music. I can't stand it, coach. Make it stop.PIRRO: Oh, and by the way, I got to say one more thing. I'm the one who said the game would be 24-20.GUTFELD: There you go.FORD JR.: We had the winner.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Jesse, I was irritated by the constant like camera shots of Taylor and Little Orphan Annie up there. It was like --PIRRO: I spiced her. What her name?WATTERS: I was asking Emma who the other women were. There was like Lana Del Rey and some other wife of other actors.FORD JR.: Blake Lively.WATTERS: Yes, Blake Lively. Yes, I didn't really care for that, but whatever. The Black National Anthem, I mean, Harold, what is that about? Why all of a sudden are we having a Black National Anthem? I have no idea. That just came out of nowhere. And then I don't know the lyrics. So, I'm very confused.Also, Post Malone, I thought he was amazing. America The Beautiful, that rendition, I had tears in my eyes. Then the game starts kind of sloppy first quarter.PIRRO: He had tears in his eyes.WATTERS: I think Andy Reid flopped. He didn't really get hit that hard by Kelce. I thought that was a flop. And then I missed halftime because I had to drive back to my house. I get back and missed nothing. I came back, they kicked the field goal, great second half. And then Romo ruins the ending of the game. You just want to let it marinate, Tony. He's talking all over that last touchdown, it drove me crazy.And then I'm watching -- Emma said the cutest thing. You know how women watch sports, they say funny things. She goes, why is Mahomes chewing on his Invisalign the whole game?GUTFELD: That is cute.WATTERS: Emma, it's his mouthpiece. She goes, no, no, no, Jesse, it's Invisalign.GUTFELD: That's so adorable. Did you pat her on the head?WATTERS: I did.GUTFELD: Yes, very good, very good.FORD JR.: I thought Usher was great. I was so happy to see him, and Luda, and Lil Wayne.PERINO: I like it too.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: All right, the Super Bowl wasn't the only spectacle. Drunk golf fans causing chaos at a tournament.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: It wasn't just a Super Bowl crowd that was getting rowdy, the Phoenix Open had to briefly stop selling beers. Drunken golf fans calls all sorts of inebriated mayhem. A frat boy got arrested after jumping over the ropes and diving into a greenside bunker on the 16th and performing snow angels in the sand. And there were plenty of fights.This guy walking around in a wedding dress. The pro golfers were not too pleased by their tournament getting turned into Animal House. And, Judge --PIRRO: I didn't see this before.FORD JR.: What your thoughts about this?PIRRO: I mean, golf used to be so proper, patience, and manners, and silence. And then all of a sudden they're all drunk, they're doing snow angels in the sand. I mean, it is a frat party. It looks like what -- it was something like 20,000 people got in that didn't have tickets. Is that what I'm reading?FORD JR.: Well, that's the 16th -- that's the most unique hole in PGA golf. It's the --PIRRO: Well, I'm glad to hear it.(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: Jesse, what you're a golfer, what do you think about this?WATTERS: I am disgusted, Harold. They need to bring back proper sportsmanship back in the good old days, when everybody wore their collared shirt tucked in with their belt. No, Harold, this is the problem. It's this phone. It turned everybody into jackass, girls going wild world star, whatever you want to call it. They think they're starring in a movie. And if no one had phones, no one would be doing that. Although it was good content for the show.FORD JR.: And that's from a guy from Philly. Dana, what --PERINO: I mean, tough for the company. They're now calling it the wasted management open.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And they spent a lot of money on it. I have two friends from Michigan. You know who you are. I found out they were there, and I bet they were part of the problem. Kyle, Jose, you know who you are.FORD JR.: Greg, what are your thoughts about this?GUTFELD: So, it was called waste management --FORD JR.: It's the company.GUTFELD: Wasted management. It's -- did -- you don't have any tape of the fat guy? That's the -- oh, you don't know the fat guy. Damn it. I have to say this is drunk people perform a service. Without them we wouldn't have real entertainment. Because let's be honest, golf is boring. What they've done is they added some flash and some excitement.And it's nice to see brawls that aren't in Walmart or McDonald's. It's like when you see a brawl in McDonald's, the pants are always coming down because no one is wearing belts. But the fights that were here, everybody's wearing khakis and they got -- they got the nice little woven belts there, so it's like it's a good -- you know, it's a --WATTERS: It's a needlepoint brawl is what you're saying.GUTFELD: Exactly.WATTERS: And they make us look good. You can always hold your drink and point to that guy and say -- I mean, this guy hammered. Look at him.PIRRO: Jesse, Jesse, weren't you a frat boy, Jesse? Don't deny it.WATTERS: No, no, no, no. I never did anything like that. You will never find video of me doing anything like that.PIRRO: Oh, you're doing anything like that.FORD JR.: Important, important condition, caveat, no video. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Judge.PIRRO: All right, it is time now for -- all right, major female empowerment was on display this week during New York Fashion Week over the weekend. Moms and soon-to-be mommy models walk the runway, some even with children on their hip, showcasing collections aimed at women's empowerment.WATTERS: I mean --PIRRO: What a -- stop it, Jesse. What a great way to highlight motherhood and celebrate pregnant women's bodies with beautiful and comfortable garments. See, that's the thing. The fashion industry kind of forgets about pregnant women and to include them in fashion is a great thing.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: (INAUDIBLE)GUTFELD: That was the ugliest thing I've ever seen.PIRRO: There you go again. You don't think women can be beautiful and look great when they're pregnant, Greg?GUTFELD: Do you honestly believe what you saw there was attractive? I'm talking about the clothing.PIRRO: Well, you know what? At least they're designing clothing for women, Greg.WATTERS: Greg Gutfeld.GUTFELD: That's not for a pregnant woman, trust me.PIRRO: Really?GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we have a great show. From The Sopranos, the classic Drea De Matteo, Michael Loftus, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. Hey, let's do this. Greg's Parenting Tips. You know what? I hope you do this, Jesse. When you're on the road, there's nothing -- this is a great little hack when you got a baby. Just -- when you -- just put it in there like that.WATTERS: I love that.GUTFELD: The heads fit right in there.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: And it's very easy.WATTERS: I love it.GUTFELD: There you go.WATTERS: Dana.PERINO: There was an anonymous Good Samaritan in Rhode Island. Check out this video. He jumped into action to save a toddler from falling off a balcony. The toddler had walked out of the window. He saw it and he climbed up the side of the wall to save the baby. And he is amazing. Thank God he was there.PIRRO: Fantastic.GUTFELD: That wouldn't have happened if you had a luggage, Dana.WATTERS: Male empowerment. Way to go.PIRRO: I love it.PERINO: And there's a Perino On Politics podcast with Matt Gorman. That's it.WATTERS: All right, Dana. Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," we have RFK Jr. We have Vivek Ramaswamy, Sage Steele, Adam Carolla. And then Johnny paid a visit to Craig the Stuffer in A.C. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get out my face. Before I have to lay one of you bastards down. Get out my face.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Oh, the ballot stuffer not too happy with Johnny. Harold?FORD JR.: Wow, that was a Black History Month. A Navy sailor surprised his little sister at school after being deployed. This second class petty officer came to see his sister in Temperance, Michigan. Reunited, the class clapped, it was a great story, great, great thing.WATTERS: Great story.That's it for us. Have a great night!