JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, all right.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's all free?PIRRO: Charlie?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: All right, check out this video of an alligator completely frozen but still alive with his nose sticking out of the top. Thanks to global warming his swamp froze.PIRRO: All right.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Oh my God.PIRRO: That's it for us, have a great night everybody. We'll be back.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Judge, I felt like that horse in the snow in New Hampshire today.PIRRO: You did? Did they have to pull you up by your legs?BAIER: I needed somebody to pull me up. They did, yes. Thank you.PIRRO: Have a good night.BAIER: We'll see you.Good evening, I'm Bret Baier.800 a day, that's the number of known gotaways at the southern border as Texas officials and the Biden administration continue to battle over the border crisis. This comes as Washington lawmakers try to reach a deal on dealing with the influx of migrants coming across the border.We have Fox team coverage tonight, Chad Pergram on Capitol Hill as congressional Republicans really turn on each other over the immigration legislation. But we begin with correspondent Danamarie McNicholl in Eagle Pass Texas tonight with the latest. Good evening, Danamarie.DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. As you mentioned, we have new numbers from the southern border that shows a startling number of migrants that are slipping through Border Patrol on a daily basis.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MCNICHOLL (voice over): Border Patrol Sources tell Fox News there's been nearly 100,000 getaways at the border so far this fiscal year. That's an average of 800 migrants per day disappearing into America. Fox News asked if President Biden wants to locate those people.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We need Congress to actually act and do their part as well. And we're having those negotiations and we're having those processes.MCNICHOLL (voice over): As the Department of Homeland Security demands access to Shelby Park. In a new letter, Governor Greg Abbott is reaffirming the state's right to defend itself, stating in part, "President Biden has enticed illegal immigrants".Today, Fox News drone cameras captured a group of about 30 migrants climbing over a shipping container in Texas, using clothing to protect themselves from the razor wire. Texas DPS waited on the other side to arrest the group for criminal trespassing.And in El Paso, USBP agents arrested a La Linea cartel foot guide with over 40 illegal entries in the past two years.USBP Chief Owens writes on social media, "Hopefully the courts impose maximum sentences, the only consequence of these criminals understand."The river is fast and dangerous right now after officials released water from a dam upstream. Fox cameras captured a male trying to cross that strong current nearly sweeping him downstream. But ultimately, he managed to come ashore.Texas National Guard picked him up. Texas DPS says the Rio Grande averages are drowning every single day.(END VIDEOTAPE)MCNICHOLL (on camera): And no razor wire has been cut here. The Texas National Guard tells Fox News that Border Patrol has not tried to access this area where hundreds of yards of razor wire lines at the Rio Grande, Bret.BAIER: Danamarie, thank you very much.A legislative fix to the border crisis remains elusive on Capitol Hill. Right now, conservative senators are not just targeting Democrats for failing to fix the border. They're actually going after their own leaders. Here's Senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Senate conservatives scorching a still concealed border security package.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This could cause as many problems as it solves.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're asking the questions. We're not getting the answers.SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): One of the gentlemen under the interstate women on a refrigerator box knows more about it than I did.PERGRAM (voice over): Texas Republican Ted Cruz slammed Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell for even fostering border talks.SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Sadly, Mitch McConnell's enemies are conservatives in the Senate and House Republican leadership.PERGRAM (voice over): House Speaker Mike Johnson opposes the Senate package. Cruz accused the Senate GOP brass of "Waging war on the speaker, aligning instead with Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer".CRUZ: Republican leadership is like "Charlie Brown with Lucy and the Football". And over and over again they run for the football and over and over again Lucy Schumer pulls it away. And Republican leadership lands on their ass.PERGRAM (voice over): Democrats worried that the right might kill the bill. Even before there is a bill.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Attempts to sabotage negotiations before they even finish must be shunned by the membership of this body.PERGRAM (voice over): Other Republicans are bewildered that their colleagues would undermine lead GOP border negotiator James Lankford of Oklahoma.SEN. THOM TILLIS (R-NC): For anybody to think that James Lankford from a Ruby red state with the subject matter expertise that he has on the border is going to do something soft, it is beyond my comprehension.PERGRAM (voice over): Some Republicans say Democrats are desperate for a border pact.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): I think President Biden has every reason in the world to want to deal here is a nightmare for him.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Others on the right believe the border talks are just a facade to score money for Ukraine, Bret.BAIER: We'll follow it. Chad Pergram live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.President Biden meantime won his write-in campaign in the New Hampshire primary last night and he responded to former President Donald Trump's victory there by saying it is now clear he will be the Republican nominee.Today, President Biden picked up a major endorsement from a core support group, the United Auto Workers. White House Correspondent Peter Doocy has details tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. President Biden has transitioned to general election mode, contrasting his record today on jobs with Donald Trump even though Donald Trump does have a primary to get through.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm going to be in a fight. I want to be in the fight with you.DOOCY (voice over): The president earned the endorsement of the United Auto Workers Union today.BIDEN: Look, I kept my commitment to be the most pro-union president ever.DOOCY (voice over): As the teamsters president says that union won't backed a candidate till they hear from Trump.SEAN O'BRIEN, TEAMSTERS PRESIDENT: We're talking to the White House now to try and schedule both on the same day.DOOCY (voice over): New Hampshire's primary was an easy win for Biden as a write-in but a lesser known challenger still peeled off a fifth of Democratic voters there.REP. DEAN PHILLIPS (D), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I've been in business most of my life, Steve, I wish I could tell you about a success where we start from zero and had 20 percent market share in 10 weeks.DOOCY (voice over): Now the Biden team is shaking things up, sending top White House staffers Mike Donilon and Jen O'Malley Dillon to the Delaware based campaign.JEAN-PIERRE: Both our trusted advisors to the president as you all know who have deep experience and played important roles in historic successes he has delivered for the American people.DOOCY (voice over): At the top of a fiery speech about abortion access Tuesday, President Biden greeted the Virginia Democrat who lost to Glenn Youngkin.BIDEN: Hello, Virginia and hello, Governor Terry McAuliffe.DOOCY (voice over): That surprising line from a president who puts a premium on accepting election results.JEAN-PIERRE: He was making a joke about Terry McAuliffe. He was making a joke. He was -- I mean, if you play it back, it's clearly that the president was making a joke. He was making a joke about McAuliffe's previous term as governor.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): Even though officials here and in Wilmington are dismissing Democratic primary challengers, President Biden is going to do a little primary campaigning where they start this weekend in South Carolina a week before that primary where voters will have the first chance this cycle to vote for President Biden without having to write him in, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.Well, it is now on to South Carolina on the Republican side as well for former President Donald Trump and his sole remaining serious challenger former Governor Nikki Haley. She is vowing to stay in the race despite a double digit loss in the New Hampshire primary last night. Correspondent Alexis McAdams is in Manchester tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You know we won New Hampshire three times now, three.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): It's another victory for Donald Trump in the first in the nation primary state, the former president beating out Nikki Haley who is already looking forward to South Carolina, dropping two new ads just today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden too old, Trump too much chaos. A rematch no one wants.MCADAMS (voice over): Haley's team says she has the momentum and the money to win the Palmetto State telling voters Trump is just too old for office, challenging him to prove his mental competency.NIKKI HALEY, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO U.N.: He should have no problem standing on a debate stage with me.MCADAMS (voice over): And according to our Fox News, voter analysis, nearly all Republican primary voters believe that mental fitness of the nominee is a top priority.VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Vote Trump USA.MCADAMS (voice over): On stage, Trump was surrounded by his former competitors who are now his new pals, including Senator Tim Scott who endorsed Trump, although he has a long history with Haley.TRUMP: She actually appointed you, Tim. And think of it, appointed and you're the senator of a state and she endorsed me. You must really hate her. No, it's a shame. It's a shame. Uh-oh.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): I just love you.MCADAMS (voice over): And with these new alliances, Trump looking at potential V.P. picks.MCADAMS: So, is it going to be Vice President Tim Scott?SCOTT: It's going to be Tim Scott working for the -- on behalf of the American people.RAMASWAMY: So look, I'm going to do whatever's right for the country.(END VIDEOTAPE)MCADAMS (on camera): But tonight, Bret, there may be one former challenger who is not auditioning to be Trump's vice presidential pick. That would be Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, who just said in a radio interview that he is worried about the enthusiasm in the Republican Party and is worried about Trump's chances in the general election.But we saw here last night in the Granite State record voter turnout, Bret.BAIER: Alexis McAdams live in Manchester. Alexis, thank you.Stocks were mixed on positive tech earnings today, the Dow lost 99, the S&P 500 finished ahead four, scoring its fourth straight record high. The NASDAQ was up 56.Up next, the latest safety concerns over one of the world's largest airplane manufacturers. We'll bring you that story.First, what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 11 in Los Angeles as a judge says a California woman who fell into a pot fueled psychosis after getting high on drugs and stabbed her boyfriend 108 times will not serve any prison time.Jurors found Bryn Spejcher guilty in December of involuntary manslaughter. The state's mental health expert reportedly determined that she was unconscious when she committed that crime.And this is a live look at Greensboro, one of the big stories there tonight from our affiliate WGHP, official set March 11th as the launch date for legalized sports betting in North Carolina. The date comes more than three months ahead of the June 15th deadline set by the state law authorizing sports betting when it was approved by the state's general assembly last year.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Ohio has banned gender affirming care for minors and restricted transgender women's and girls' participation on sports teams.Today, the Republican dominated Senate voted to override a veto by GOP Governor Mike DeWine. The new laws banned gender affirming surgeries and hormone therapies and restrict mental health care for transgender individuals under the age of 18.The measure also bans transgender girls and women from girls and women's sports teams at both the kindergarten through 12, and the collegiate level."BREAKING TONIGHT", safety concerns are growing concerning aircraft made by Boeing. The company's top executive met with lawmakers on Capitol Hill today amid word that its own personnel may have been responsible for inadequately installing a piece that blew off a jet earlier this month.Correspondent Dan Springer is in Seattle with the story tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DAN SPRINGER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Boeing CEO appeared on Capitol Hill today and got a grilling, not only from members of Congress behind closed doors, but also the media. Everyone wants to know if the company's planes are safe for the public.DAVID CALHOUN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BOEING: We believe in our airplanes. We feel that safe airplanes, our people do. We have confidence in the safety of our airplanes, and that's what all of this is about. And we fully understand the gravity.SPRINGER (voice over): The news for Boeing just gotten much worse with the Seattle Times report today that it was Boeing that last installed the door plug on this 737 Max 9 that blew off in mid-flight over Portland, January 5th, quoting a source and an alleged whistleblower, the paper says Boeing remove the door plug during final assembly, put it back on, then deliver the plane to Alaska Airlines with all four bolts that held the door in place missing.The report comes the same week, United Airlines suggested it may back out of orders for the not yet certified 737 Max 10. And the CEO of Alaska Airlines Ben Minicucci said on NBC News, "I am more than frustrated and disappointed. I am angry."The crisis prompted Boeing to hold a series of so-called quality stand down meetings at its assembly plant in Renton, Washington. The first one will be held tomorrow.And according to the company, "Teammates will participate in hands-on learning, reflection and collaboration to identify where quality and compliance can be improved."(END VIDEOTAPE)SPRINGER (on camera): The NTSB will be returning to the plant on Friday as part of its ongoing investigation. Boeing did not respond to the report today that it alone is responsible and that fault for that door plug blowout.And this just came in, Bret. The FAA has approved Boeing's inspection plan and says that the airlines can put those planes back in service, all those Max 9s, 171 grounded back in service after that inspection has been completed. Bret.BAIER: OK. Dan Springer, live in Seattle. Dan, thank you.Breaking tonight, this morning, the U.S. carried out what is being called a self-defense strike against Houthi rebels in Yemen. But Iran's proxy war against allies in the region shows no signs of letting up.Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin has the details from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The USS gravely called into action once again, shooting down to Houthi anti-ship missiles, Wednesday.A third Houthi cruise missile landed in the Gulf of Aden, missing its target. The M.V. Maersk Detroit, a U.S.-flagged, owned, and operated ship. Neither Iran nor its proxy fighters have gotten the U.S. message of deterrence.Two days ago, the U.S. and U.K. struck nine Houthi targets, destroying ballistic missile and drone storage facilities in Yemen.Tuesday night, U.S. warplanes bombed three locations in Iraq, used by the Iran backed Kataib Hezbollah, which targeted U.S.He's in Yemen. Tuesday Night us warplanes bombed three locations in Iraq used by the Iran backed Khattab Hezbollah, which targeted U.S. troops at the Al Asad Air Base on Saturday, firing 17 ballistic missiles at the base.A U.S. defense official said in a statement, two headquarters buildings and an intelligence facility were destroyed. Initial reports indicate that up to seven Kataib Hezbollah members were killed in the strike. The White House with a message to Iran.REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: We don't want to see the conflict to escalate. We don't want to see some broader war. We're not looking for a war or conflict with anybody. We're actually trying to deescalate.And if the Iranians are serious about that, and they want to deescalate, well, we would welcome them stopping the support.GRIFFIN (voice over): But Iran's foreign minister defended the Houthis in an interview with ABC News.HOSSEIN AMIR-ABDOLLAHIAN, IRANIAN FOREIGN MINISTER: I don't really want the war, and the scope of the war to expand, if you cannot continue the war in Gaza and the West Bank, to militarily engaged with the Yemen, and then, still talk about how you don't want the war to widen.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): Iran continues to resupply the Houthis with missiles through a steady stream of Dows (PH) off the coast of Yemen. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you.Israeli forces battled Palestinian militants today near the main hospital in Gaza's second largest city. Medic say hundreds of patients and thousands of displaced people are trapped by that fighting. Israel has ordered residents to leave a big swath of downtown Khan Younis, that includes Nasser Hospital and two smaller medical facilities.Up next, a bribery scandal cost the top Republican in one western state his job. We'll take a look at that.Plus, we look at how the media are covering the presidential race. First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight, a Russian military transport plane crashes in a border region near Ukraine. Officials say all 75 people aboard were killed, including 65 Ukrainian prisoners of war heading for a swap.Russia says Ukraine shut down that plane but has offered no evidence. Ukrainian officials are not commenting.And this is a live look at Rome. One of the big stories there tonight, dozens of students, relatives, and young soldiers gathered for a commemorative event, at the Sicily, Rome American cemetery in Italy.Ceremony marks the 80th anniversary of the landing where the Allied Forces went ashore of Anzio and Nettuno for a crucial battle to push Nazis -- Nazi troops out of Italy, and take back Rome by early June of 1944.Just some of the other stories "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: "BREAKING TONIGHT", the head of the Arizona Republican Party says he was set up. He's resigned. Jeff DeWit blames GOP Senate candidate Kari Lake for leaking audio of a conversation, in which it appears he tried to bribe her not to run for the U.S. Senate.Lake's campaign response that no one threatened or tried to blackmail DeWit.. He tried to get her to stay out of the race.Amazing story. Senior correspondent Alicia Acuna has the latest on it all. Good evening, Alicia.ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Fox News has obtained the audio first leak to the Daily Mail that led to now former Arizona GOP party chair Jeff DeWit's resignation earlier today. It's a conversation between the leading GOP primary candidate for Senate, Kari Lake, and then, Chair DeWit at her home last March.DeWit can be heard appearing to try to convince her to stay out of the race in exchange for money.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEFF DEWIT, FORMER CHAIRMAN, ARIZONA REPUBLICAN PARTY: This is back east. They -- that there are very powerful people that want to keep you out of this business.KARI LAKE, SENATORIAL CANDIDATE, ARIZONA: I know and they do.DEWIT: But they're willing to put they're willing to put their money where their mouth is in a big way.Is there a number of which --LAKE: I can be bought?DEWIT: Not be bought.LAKE: That's what it's about.DEWIT: You can take a pause for a couple of years.LAKE: No.DEWIT: Then, go right back to what you're doing.LAKE: No. 10 million, 20 million, 30 --No, no, no. A billion? No. This is not about money. This is about our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)ACUNA: In a lengthy statement, DeWit accuses Lake of selectively releasing portions of a private conversation, saying, "I said things I regret, but I realize when hearing Lake's recording that I was set up. I believe she orchestrated this entire situation to have control over the state party."He continues, "I received an ultimatum from Lake's team: resign today or face the release of a new, more damaging recording. I am truly unsure of its contents, but considering our numerous past open conversations as friends, I have decided not to take the risk."Lake's camp denied those allegations. We checked on X and Lake is now fundraising off the controversy of note, Bret, Arizona is a one-party consent state, which means only one person in a conversation needs to agree to being recorded. Bret?BAIER: OK. Alicia, thank you.Tonight, we take a look at the media coverage of the presidential campaign so far. Once again, some major outlets cut away from former President Donald Trump's victory speech last night. Here's FOX News media analyst, host of FOX's "Media Buzz," Howard Kurtz.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS HOST: From the moment Ron DeSantis dropped out, the media focus turned to Nikki Haley, New Hampshire, and why she was still in the race.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you get out if you lose today?NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: No, I don't get out if I lose today. Look at the media saying this is Donald Trump's to have. Look at the political class all coalescing and saying everyone needs to get out.KURTZ: Meanwhile, the press pivoted to whether 77-year-old Donald Trump was losing it, especially after he mixed up Haley and Nancy Pelosi.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Nikki Haley is in charge of security. We offered her 10,000 people.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There have been several moments on the campaign trail where he has seemed quite frankly out of it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He straight up confused Nikki Haley with Nancy Pelosi on who controls security on January 6th.KURTZ: An 81-year-old President Biden seized on that as well. Some pundits also downplayed Trump's victory by looking to November.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You can't win in a general election if you can't get 40 percent of independent voters.KURTZ: Thirteen minutes after the polls closed, the cable news networks began projecting Trump as the winner, which led to this strangely upbeat speech.HALEY: What great night. God is so good all the time.(APPLAUSE)HALEY: Thank you, New Hampshire.TRUMP: Who the hell was the imposter that went up on the stage before and, like, claimed a victory? She did very poorly, actually.KURTZ: After MSNBC's Rachel Maddow refused to air Trump's Iowa address, declaring it hurts them to broadcast untrue things, the network did carry his New Hampshire speech.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: This is a decision that is one that we consider to be an open-ended, live decision.KURTZ: Both CNN and MSNBC cut away when Trump gave the mic to Vivek Ramaswamy. And many commentators not buying Haley's vow to fight on in her home state.DAVID AXELROD, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: I question whether she really ultimately wants to go forward to South Carolina.(END VIDEO TAPE)KURTZ (on camera): The media couldn't deny Donald Trump won two major victories in New Hampshire and Iowa, so they keep changing the subject. But in focusing on the Veep-stakes and the obvious maneuvering of Tim Scott and Elise Stefanik, they are essentially writing Nikki Haley out of the script. Bret?BAIER: Howie, thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We got close to half of the vote. We still have a ways to go, but we keep moving up.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: When I watched her in the fancy dress that probably wasn't so fancy.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: I said, what's she doing? We won.RONNA MCDANIEL, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CHAIRWOMAN: We need to unite around our eventual nominee, which is going to be Donald Trump.GOV. CHRIS SUNUNU, (R) NEW HAMPSHIRE: For these elitists to say we are just going to stop right now as Nikki is surging, it's not fair to all the Republicans in 48 other states that have a vote, have a say.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Let's talk about where things stand in the presidential race right now. Joining us now are political consultants Alex Castellanos and Mark Penn. Gentlemen, good evening.Alex, let's go to you first, 30,000 feet, last night, New Hampshire primary, the fallout and what you see.ALEX CASTELLANOS, REPUBLICAN MEDIA CONSULTANT: I'm existed because if this was a victory in New Hampshire for Nikki Haley, this mean that my Buffalo Bills can still go to the Super Bowl.(LAUGHTER)CASTELLANOS: It's a tough situation for Haley. She ran a great campaign, and by the way, she is a spectacular candidate. She has certainly got a big future in the Republican Party. But she represents a Republican Party that doesn't exist anymore, and that's the Republican Party that is dominated Mitch McConnell, the Washington establishment, insider Republicans, and the donor class.Donald Trump killed that Republican Party. It's now dominated by working class voters. It's a populist party that is a conservative party as well. And so Democrats used to be the party of the working class and Republicans the party of the elite, the party that the working class worked for. Now it's flipped because of Trump.And what I'm surprised by is that Haley didn't use New Hampshire to explain that she is not Mitch McConnell in a dress, that she, like Trump, is the working-class Republican. And she could have done a Sista Soulja moment, talked to her donors, talked to the Washington establishment and said you're yesterday. Donald Trump and I are the working-class people's Republican Party. The only difference is I can win, and I won't get you killed in November.BAIER: Yes, that's interesting.Mark, one of the things about the breakout in New Hampshire, if there was a state that Nikki Haley was going to win, that was probably it, with the most undeclared voters. If you look at our FOX News voter analysis breakdowns, basically our exit polls, you see moderates she wins 61-37, conservatives Trump wins 83-15. The turnout was undeclared, independents, and Democrats made up a lot more than conservatives, stray conservatives in the Republican primary.MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Look, I think there is no question that Donald Trump really has a firm grasp of the conservative Republican base, which is interesting because when he originally in 2016 he was actually not the conservative candidate.But Nikki Haley, right, I think -- I always said if she was within five, that would be a win, 10 to 15, really, on the edge of staying in. But she has a constituency here, independents, suburban women. Like it or not, Donald Trump needs those voters, who don't like him and like Nikki Haley, if he is going to have a nomination from the Republican Party that is worth anything. And so how this is handled and what happens to this party, there is a split in the Republican Party. There is no split in the Democratic Party. I think even on a write-in basis, Joe Biden showed the Democrats are behind him.BAIER: Alex, last thing. His supporters, the former president's supporters, like that he is a counterpuncher. They like that he talks, he fights, and he is going to be their fighter. But there were some people last night that wished he gave the Iowa speech and the more looking towards the general election speech. What did you think of that?CASTELLANOS: There's no candy coating on Donald Trump. That's for sure. And it would help. Remember Mitt Romney? Republicans have sent nice guys to run against the Democrat machine before, and what happens? Probably the same thing that would happen to a Nikki Haley, that is the veracious, rapacious Democratic machine destroys them. They accused Mitt Romney of supporting cancer for profit. What do you think they'd do to another nice Republican?So a lot of Republican voters are saying no more Mr. Nice Guy. We need the meanest, toughest, baddest animal in the jungle to go against those guys because that's what we're up against. And so yes, he's tough. Yes, he is polarizing. Yes, he is a danger to the ticket underneath him because he is so polarizing. But he is the hand grenade under Washington's door that Republicans seem to want.BAIER: That's quite something, put that way. Alex, Mark, we really appreciate it. We'd love to have you guys back.CASTELLANOS: Any time.BAIER: Up next, the panel on the politics of the border crisis, plus a breakdown of the New Hampshire primary results and the way forward. And speculation as to who former President Trump, if he wins this nomination, it looks like he is heading that way, may pick as his running mate.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Immigration is a big deal, a big deal, a very big deal. We have millions and millions of people flowing into our country illegally. We have no idea who the hell they are.NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We have a border that is totally open and dangerous, creating a disaster in our country.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: Here in the Senate, we have the obligation to tune out the hard right way chaos. Too much hangs in the balance for our national security, for our border.SEN. J.D. VANCE, (R-OH): Democrats say Democrats really want to secure the border while simultaneously Joe Biden is using the courts, suing Texas for enforce its own border.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, as there is a battle between the Biden administration and the government in Texas, the governor there and what is happening on the border, now you have a negotiation that is ongoing on Capitol Hill. And in New Hampshire, like we saw in Iowa, the FOX News voter analysis has immigration as the number one issue that voters cared about heading to the polls.With that, let's bring in our panel, Harold Ford Jr., former Tennessee Congressman, co-host of THE FIVE, Katie Pavlich, news editor at Townhall.com, and former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer.Ari, what do you make of this? Obviously, immigration has bubbled up. We thought it was a huge issue before 2022. It's much more now, it seems, every time we ask the question. How does it play with all of these different elements of this story happening simultaneously?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. I just want, Bret, somebody to explain to me why is it legal for sanctuary cities to let illegal immigrants in, but it's not legal for the state of Texas to keep illegal immigrants out? It just seems to me we have got the law entirely backwards here and Texas should be getting the support of the federal government for what it's doing.As for the potential of a big compromise, I think for the reasons you just pointed to and the clips you just played, it's way too divisive. I don't see this being the issue the parties which can't compromise on anything are going to compromise on. This is like a matter of religion. Either you want people in the country illegally or you don't. Republicans don't. Democrats do. It's not like a numbers game where you compromise and say, well, I'm half-in. So I just don't see a compromise coming together at all because the stakes are too high. Democrats want them in.BAIER: Ari, I covered the administration with President George W. Bush where you all tried. You tried to do the big comprehensive deal. And if anybody could have done it with those numbers, it was President Bush, right, Ari?FLEISCHER: I think that's right. He couldn't find a center to build upon. And there you had a real president who was all about creating that center. We're far from any presidents looking for centers now.BAIER: To that point, Harold, just in the past few minutes, Jake Sherman with "Punch Bowl News" had this about a McConnell meeting with Republican senators. Senator McConnell told a closed meeting of Senate Republicans today that the politics of the border has flipped and cast doubt on linking Ukraine and the border. It quotes him as saying, "When we started this the border united us and Ukraine divided us. The politics on this have changed," he told his GOP colleagues. He said, he referred to Donald Trump as the nominee. "We don't want to do anything to undermine him, and he wants to campaign and center it on immigration." So, quote, "We are in a quandary."Now, his staff said he said something similar to that. We've asked some senators that were in the room. They didn't characterize it. But you see what's happening here as this disconnect is coming and they realize the immigration issue is as hot as it is in the two states we have already seen.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So thanks for having me on. I think if that is correct, and I don't have any reason to believe that Jake is characterizing this the wrong way, today is mid to late January. January 23rd, January 24th. If you tell me that between January 24th and November 7th or 8th, whenever the Election Day is, we are willing to let in hundreds of thousands of more illegal people coming to our country, people who are coming to our country illegally, illegally entering our country, and those tens if not hundreds much thousands of people may commit crime, rape people in our country, violate the most fundamental laws in our country, and we're OK with that because we don't want to give -- we think we may give, I might add, a political advantage to the other party and we want to advantage our own party, if your Republicans, I think that's one of the more reprehensible and disgusting things I have heard in politics, Bret.At some point you have to do your job in politics. So, if that's what they're saying, it's going to be interesting to see how the American people respond to that throughout an election season over the next several months.BAIER: But Harold, let me put it this way, too. The Biden administration every time it's asked says they put forward a bill and they -- Republicans are holding back money. They are not making a deal. And, yet, it was the Biden administration, President Biden who reversed remain in Mexico policy, the catch and release policy was put in place. These are executive orders outside of anything Congress was doing. And when they got in office, because it was not a Trump policy, they turned it around, so, I understand what you are saying, and about the reading of this behind the scenes, but how do you respond to that?FORD: Well, Bret, I have been -- I respond that was wrong what president Biden has done. I have been as critical as any person of what the administration is not doing, even our vice president for not, I believe, doing the job she was assigned to done on the border. But just because someone else is wrong doesn't mean you should be even stupider in being wrong.We have a problem at our border, and it takes mature people, it takes smart people, it takes responsible and accountable people to do the job. I'm not defending what the Biden administration did that was wrong. What I'm saying at this moment if what Mitch McConnell, the leader of the Senate, the Republicans is saying is correct, and they are now going to backtrack from wanting to try to get an answer, I think that's wrong, Bret. And I think any reasonable person would think that's wrong.BAIER: I think there is a lot of people think it's wrong, like you do. Katie, your thoughts? And there is a split, obviously, in the House side already, despite what we are hearing from Senate conservatives.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, President Joe Biden could help himself politically and he could help the country by reinstating dozens of executive orders that were in place when he came into office on the border where this problem was not occurring under the previous administration. He has not done that. He keeps throwing this ball back to Congress. He doesn't need Congress to fix asylum issue remain in terms of remain in Mexico, as you mentioned, and stopping this flow of millions of people.As Governor Abbott of Texas pointed out today in his rebuke, again, of the federal government, the number of people who have come into this country is the total population of 33 states. This is affecting everybody. Joe Biden has a choice to make here, and instead of working with Texas to solve this problem, he is sending Border Patrol agents in to cut razor wire and opposing Texas's ability to stop the flow themselves.They have tried to pin this on the Republicans by saying they introduced this big comprehensive bill. This isn't about comprehensive immigration reform. The White House wants more money for Border Patrol agents to process illegal immigrants. Republicans want more money and a deal that stops the flow of illegal immigration, and they're at odds over what that mission is going to be.BAIER: Yes. It is complex and it is hot and heavy right now. Panel, thanks.Up next, we will talk about the fallout from New Hampshire, plus President Biden's enforcement today despite his approval poll on issues. And, later, a big tech anniversary.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: She's taking a victory lap, and we beat her so badly. Ron beat her also. You know, Ron came in second and he left. She came in third and she is still hanging around.RONNA MCDANIEL, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CHAIRWOMAN: I'm looking at the math and the path going forward, and I don't see it for Nikki Haley.NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: New Hampshire is first in the nation. It is not the last in the nation.(APPLAUSE)HALEY: This race is far from over.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, the former President Donald Trump winning New Hampshire. As you look at the map, it was decisive, 11 points. But you heard the speech from Governor Haley. She is sticking in, to at least South Carolina, maybe beyond.Back with the panel. Ari, fallout from New Hampshire. There's obviously pressure when you have the RNC chair saying what she said last night on our show. What do you think?FLEISCHER: Well, first, it's not over. It's not over until Nikki Haley says it's over. That's just how it works. And if I'm Nikki Haley, I think the things I've got to think about, one, are, can I win? And if I hang in there long enough and can't win, do I enhance my role and my ability to win the presidency in 2028? And I think that's what she has got to be going through right now. The other factor would be money. Is her money going to dry up prior to Super Tuesday when it gets extraordinarily expensive?So I think those are the factors she is considering. But I don't think anybody should rush to call it over. I think the Republican Party benefits by letting these two fight it out, and may the best candidate win.BAIER: Katie?PAVLICH: Well, Nikki Haley has to convince her backers that she can keep the money flowing so she can continue to move -- New Hampshire was to pull enough independent and Democratic voters to at least get close to Donald Trump. She lost by 12 percentage points, and moving forward the campaign says they're going to use open and semi-open primaries -- to try and get her closer into a competitive race with Donald Trump. So that's their strategy. Whether it will work is to be seen.BAIER: OK. Harold?FORD: So I don't disagree with anything that Ari and Katie has said. I think Ari is right, until the money runs out and until she decides to not run, she can be in this race. I think two things I'd look at here, and I think questions that the Republican Party is probably asking themselves. One, is if she stays longer and her attacks continue to be as pointed and specific as they are about her doubts about President Trump's ability to be president again, how much does that hurt him as we head into what will be the longest presidential race ever between two general election candidates? And two, when you consider that President Trump -- it hadn't happened in almost 100 years. He lost all three, the House, the Senate and the presidency, all in a single term. That has to be weighing on the minds of some Republicans. And it certainly is what's making some Democrats, even with President Biden's weaknesses, believe that they have strength and advantage heading into this election as we get to November.BAIER: And Harold, most importantly, in the past few minutes, ESPN is reporting that Jim Harbaugh is leaving Michigan to accept the head coaching job with the Los Angeles Chargers.FORD: I saw that.BAIER: I just wanted to get immediate reaction from a Michigan guy.FORD: He gave us our championship. Go Blue. We wish him the best. If he wants to come back, we will take him with open arms.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: There you go. All right, panel, thanks so much.PAVLICH: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: And finally tonight, today's throwback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He mainstreamed ideas that were revolutionary long before many people thought they could ever be popular.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Forty years ago today Steve Jobs and Apple released their first Macintosh computer. Two days earlier the concept was introduced to the public in a Super Bowl commercial based on George Orwell's dystopian novel 1984. The Macintosh revolutionized personal computers which were still kind of a new concept at the time. And 70,000 units were sold within the first four months of the release, and the effects of the Mac obviously still felt today. I've got one right here.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, the legislative fight over the nicotine pouches for young people. We'll take you to that story.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Our thanks to the all the folks at the Bedford Village Inn and all the New Hampshire folks. We had a great time up there. We'll be back.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is coming up in just a few seconds.