BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: On Ukraine's battlefield have prompted the Pentagon to rethink drone warfare tactics. We'll explain that. Remember if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM in the West. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. As always, thanks for joining us. Blood on his hands. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.This is Joe Biden's border legacy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Lake Riley, an Augusta University nursing student was killed while jogging Thursday morning. The following day police arrested 26-year-old Jose Ibarra. Ibarra faces eight charges including malice murder, felony murder, and kidnapping. U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement says Ibarra, a Venezuelan citizen unlawfully entered the country near El Paso, Texas in September 2022. He was detained and then released by border protection. In September 2023, ICE says Ibarra was arrested in New York City for allegedly endangering a child.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This is the America and the carnage left in America after Biden directed Mayorkas to resume catch and release at the border. Now the murder of a hard-working young American would not have happened if Liberal Democrats had put the safety of the American people first. Of course, Democrats claim to be champions though, don't they, of women, especially working women.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS (D), VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No one fights harder to build a better future for our nation, and to lift up women and girls around our country and to secure their basic rights and freedoms than our President.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But those are just words, because when push came to shove, their interest in bringing in cheap labor for their donors and new voters for their party, Trump's the well-being -- the well-being of girls and women already here. Now including the innocent child who was allegedly attacked by this man, Renzo Mendoza Montes, another Venezuelan illegal who got a free ticket into the country under Biden's border rules.Local media is just reporting that after crossing into El Paso, Texas in September of 2023, Montes was released into the United States, again catch and release, and was just arrested in Campbell County, Virginia on two felony counts for the sexual assault of a minor. This is heartbreaking. It is infuriating. The savages made their way here because they knew they'd be able to stay. And by the way, they'd get free stuff on top of it. And they get a wide access, don't they, to the victims of their choice of all ages and all backgrounds, targets galore. Sadly, there are thousands of victims of illegal alien crime who are forgotten.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Rafael Govea Romero is now behind bars in Jackson County charged with capital murder and the death of 16-year-old Lizbeth Medina. Edna police say Romero is undocumented.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Darwin Gomez-Izquiel is back in the system again, this time in connection with a shoplifting robbery at Macy's in the Queen Center Mall in Elmhurst. He was arrested Tuesday. Police say he was part of a group who stole from the store and attacked a security officer. Just a few weeks ago, he was arrested as part of the migrant mob that kicked and punched two NYPD officers in Times Square.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Again, these are crimes that would not have happened if we had a president who cared about America first. Think about the tens of thousands of girls and women across the country who are now afraid of going jogging or even working late, having to park in a garage underneath your building out of fear, because they know our government refuses to protect them.This open border policy is the Biden policy. Why do you think Biden is getting so much money from big business. It's certainly not because they want to raise wages and help the working class, please. They want a never- ending flow of cheap labor entering the United States with the added bonus of demographically changing the country and you get no say over this.And do not ever believe for a second that Biden was ever serious about a bipartisan enforcement solution at the border, despite these lame lines.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Democrats want to work to get things done. We want to work with Republicans in a bipartisan way to fix our problems at the border.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have seen that Republicans are not interested in doing anything to address the southern border.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: House Republicans want to distort the constitution and the Secretary's record to cover up their inability and unwillingness to work with Democrats to strengthen border security.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, blah blah blah, hogwash. Even McConnell couldn't support the bill at the end, and we knew Democrats were just playing games when Biden refused to even meet with the Speaker of the House on the border issue. Now explain this to me, how is it a negotiation when the Republican Speaker isn't even involved? Nor were any of the other border hawks who have credibility on this border issue.Democrats were never really trying to shut down the border. They were just wanting political cover. Same reason Biden is traveling to the border this week. Why wasn't he there in 2021, 2022? Where's the border czar Kamala Harris. My friends, this is all political theater. It's another transparent scheme to mollify the voters before November. And anything Biden does like some executive orders that he said he couldn't do two weeks ago, but now will supposedly crackdown on asylum. That's just going to be reversed if he's ever reelected.And back to Laken Riley's tragic story. It is just one of thousands where Americans are brutalized by Biden's open border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A 911 call led to a gruesome murder scene and that suspect we're learning was not even supposed to be in the country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The 11-year-old Maria was found dead inside of her apartment August 12th. She was at home while her father was at work. After texting her dad about someone knocking on their door, he found her body in a trash bag under a mattress later that afternoon. Investigators confirmed she was strangled and assaulted.Police confirmed Garcia-Rodriguez was living at the same complex for at least three weeks and was last seen August 14th. The Guatemalan immigrant arrived in the states just months before.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: How much do Democrats care about these victims? Just a few weeks ago, 150 Democrats in the House voted against a bill that would deport illegals who committed DUIs. That says it all.This is the Democrats position, if Americans have to die or be injured or maimed or suffer in any way as a result of an open border, whether it's from pen fentanyl crime, so be it, that's what has to happen. Those Americans are necessary collateral damage.Compare for a minute how Joe Biden and the Democrats on the Hill, the U.S. media reacted to the death of George Floyd, a career criminal who was killed as he resisted arrest when high on drugs. Remember, the tributes came pouring in for weeks, cities were burned, and looted, and corporations ended up giving millions of dollars to Black Lives Matter.Now, I don't expect a multi-day funeral for Laken Riley with celebrities comforting her family, big name lawyers representing her family. Of course not. In fact, they know Biden's policies ensure that there will be many more victims, because of the administration's refusal to do what's right.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): Republicans in order to win an election say we need to hermetically seal the border while ginning up this -- this false narrative about this being a crisis. The United States, our culture, our population, our economy, needs immigration, like lungs need oxygen.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, I think Laken Riley needed that immigration, AOC. Of course, it's not a crisis for her and people like her. She thinks that anyone who can get to the border should have the same rights and privileges as an American citizen. That includes voting, receiving full benefits, serving in the military, that's coming by the way, being police officers are already thinking about that in Colorado, you get the point. Because for these radicals, there's nothing special about being an American citizen, nothing.Now tomorrow is the Michigan primary. Immigration is top of mind for many voters there. And then Super Tuesday, that's next week. The same dynamic will be at play, and it should be. The border issue should be the defining issue for people because it defines who we are as a people.So, if voters want a real border, if they want American citizenship to still mean something, and they want to stop tragedies like the murder of Laken Riley, then we must, we must get Biden out of office. Because I'm telling you tonight, if he's allowed another four years, we're going to have tens of millions of illegals here to commit more crimes, drive wages down further and overwhelm state and local governments.And then by the end of 2028, we may be so overrun that it's impossible to save America. And that's the Angle.All right. Joining us now is Tammy Nobles, who is the mother of Kayla Hamilton, the 20-year-old who was raped and murdered in 2022 allegedly by an illegal alien with ties to the MS-13 gang.Tammy, I know you must -- your heart must be breaking for Laken Riley's family. You've been warning about this for years. Tell us what your thoughts are tonight after seeing another tragedy like the one that befell your family.TAMMY NOBLES, MOM OF ALLEGED MS-13 MURDER VICTIM: I am so sad and so angry that this has happened to another mother, the same that what happened to Kayla. Kayla was just sleeping in her bed, in her home and she was brutally murdered and raped. And now this young lady was just running. Our young women aren't safe. Our young women are not safe.INGRAHAM: Tammy, this is the open border policy of the Biden administration. They could have stopped this years ago, they decided, they wanted as many people to come into the country as possible. That is their policy and they're pro-women. We're all for girls, girl power. How many times you hear that? And to that you say tonight.NOBLES: Oh, I don't see no girl power, I mean, I see our women being killed, murdered and raped and nobody is doing anything. Nobody is standing up and doing anything. I am trying to do what I can to bring awareness and to keep this from happening and to let government officials know something has to be done. Something has to be done. This cannot keep happening.INGRAHAM: Tammy, tonight, Joe Biden, who is supposedly going to travel to the border this week, finally, did make a comment about the border while enjoying some ice cream. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I have been planning to go, Thursday, but I didn't know is, a good friend apparently is going.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And will you meet migrants while you're there, Mr. President?BIDEN: Well, I'm not going to announce ahead of time. Secret Service. Don't like me to announce exactly --(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Tammy, it's kind of hard to hear him. But you know, it's hard to take him seriously when he can't put down the ice cream cone long enough to talk about the crisis.NOBLES: Yes, that's really aggravated. I don't know why he's visiting the border now. My thought was, if I would see him at the border, I would tell him to go home. Go home. Why are you even here now? Why do you wait till the end of your presidency to visit the border now? What is the reason for you doing it now?INGRAHAM: Well, he's looking at the poll numbers.NOBLES: It's too late.INGRAHAM: It's the number one issue in the minds of most American voters. That's why. That's that the only reason he's going.NOBLES: It's too late.INGRAHAM: By the way, Tammy --NOBLES: It's too late.INGRAHAM: Well, it's time for a new president --NOBLES: In my opinion.INGRAHAM: -- by the way. Yes, a new poll is showing Tammy that for the first time a majority of Americans now do favor the construction of a border wall, the one that Trump tried to build for measly $5 billion. We've sent $100 billion plus to Ukraine. They wouldn't give him five for the border wall. But now Americans are finally starting to realize, man, we've got a major problem here.NOBLES: Well, we should have done that a long time ago and then lives like Kayla and Laken, they would have never died, if we would have done that a long time ago, lives would have been saved. Lots of lives would have been saved. Even fentanyl deaths.INGRAHAM: Tammy, I know Laken Riley's family is in mourning. But your message tonight to Joe Biden, Alejandro Mayorkas, Kamala Harris, all of the Democrats who for years said this was not a crisis, and who say they do not bear responsibility for this.NOBLES: Oh, they sure aren't responsible for their deaths. Both their deaths and other deaths could have been prevented if they would have done their job at the border and make sure it's secure. We come first. Americans should come first, not last. Our safety matters. Their lives matter.INGRAHAM: Tammy, we're so sorry. I mean, words don't describe how infuriated I am and heartbroken I am for you and for all the families across the country who are suffering tonight. Thank you so much --NOBLES: Thank you.INGRAHAM: -- for sharing your story.NOBLES: Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right. The deep state plotting to undermine Donald Trump if he wins, that's not shocking to me, it shouldn't be to you, but unelected Intel officials are actually revealing their plans to the liberal media. Lee Zeldin and Ned Ryun are here, next. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: The guy who lied about Russia collusion, who lied when he said no one spied on Trump's campaign, who lied about Hunter's laptop being Russian disinformation, and who lied about the Steele dossier is back doing what he does best, lying.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN BRENNAN, FORMER CIA DIRECTOR: My colleagues are concerned that the Russians see the Republican lawmakers as tools. They are so will willing to accept anything and Russians use information operations very effectively and I have no doubt at all that they're going to continue to use it in this presidential election.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The old fossil has zero credibility. Now, my sense in watching this is that Brennan is back on his Russia collusion hit parade, because he and other former deep staters are sweating. The stronger Trump looks in the polls, the more panic they seem. So, I guess in their minds they've got to stop him.Politico just so happened to speak with 18 former officials and analysts who worked in the Trump administration, and they're claiming that he's going to try to overhaul the agencies, get this, in a way that could lead to an unprecedented level of the politicization of intelligence.Now, marinate on that for a moment. Personally, I would think that the guys who are politicizing Intel are the people from the intel community who are using inside information to help President Biden get reelected. That's just me.Joining me now is Lee Zeldin, former New York Congressman and Gubernatorial Candidate; also with me, Ned Ryun, Founder and CEO of American Majority. Ned, we have a lot to get to, any theories as to the real reason that Brennan and the boys are so worried about a second Trump term.NED RYUN, FOUNDER AND CEO, AMERICAN MAJORITY: Well, it's pretty rich, coming from them. The intelligence community spent the last nine years selling misinformation and trying to disrupt our representative democracy in our national elections, 2016 and 2020, that Trump is somehow going to take the IC to unprecedented political levels.You know, the real rub in all this law was the fact that Trump tried to bring transparency and accountability in his first term, and his efforts were met with outright sedition by these agencies. And the real rub between Trump and the IC is who decides, and Trump believes as a duly elected president, he decides, and the intelligence community think they decide. That's not how it works in a republic.I have to tell you, Trump when he wins is going to have to take them head on. I think day one is first executive order, hopefully coordinated with Senate House leadership, as first executive order should -- found a church style committee in which he has transparency and accountability for the IC and the FBI to uncork everything for the American people to see what took place over the last eight or nine years.And he also needs to take it head on with the Presidential Intelligence Advisory Board, be serious about that. Stack with loyalists, and that's going to bring more accountability, more transparency to these agencies, and bring them to heel under the duly elected President of the United States. That's how it's supposed to work.INGRAHAM: Well, these agencies are supposed to exist for our benefit, not to kind of determine political outcomes, despite what the people want. But Lee, you get the sense that this narrative, the Russia collusion part, I don't know I've lost track, part 10 at this point, that they're back with it when the National Security Advisor was asked about, again, Russian interference in this coming election. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE SULLIVAN, ADVISOR, U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY: There is a history here in presidential elections by the Russian Federation, by its intelligence services. And there's plenty of reason to be concerned. And this is not about politics. This is about national security. It's about a foreign country, a foreign adversary seeking to manipulate the politics and democracy of the United States of America.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Lee, is Russia stronger now than it was under Trump. When I see on the cusp of winning in Ukraine, Putin's popularity seems to be, I don't know, fairly strong, price of oil, decent, decent return for him despite sanctions. And so, who's got -- he's gotten stronger under Biden, not under Trump.LEE ZELDIN (R), FORMER NY CONGRESSMAN: Yes, Donald Trump was actually the person who stepped up and provided lethal aid to Ukraine. It wasn't Barack Obama before him. The Nord Stream 2 pipeline was stopped under Donald Trump. When Biden comes in, he fast-tracks Nord Stream 2, which oh, by the way, it was the same time as killing the Keystone XL Pipeline.Vladimir Putin actually has put out a statement endorsing Joe Biden to be president. What the Left is upset right now is that they aren't going to be in control of the intelligence agencies, they are not going to be able to politicize it and weaponize it themselves.And when they're executing their strategy of going to the media, they're not going to have the intelligence community to be holding their water and backing them up, the heads, the politicals were instead, the Trump administration appointees will be calling out, like we saw with John Ratcliffe and Ric Grenell, when there was something that was being put out by the Left, that was BS, they were able to come out and say that's not true. And the Democrats, the Left doesn't want to lose that.INGRAHAM: No, they're panicked. I think they're in a frothy panic about what Trump is going to uncover, if he should win a second term. Now, Ned, the AP is reporting, and this made me laugh, liberal organizations in Washington are quietly trying to install roadblocks just in case Trump wins, a collection of activists, advocates, and legal experts promoting new federal rules to limit presidential power while urging Biden's White House to do more to protect its accomplishments and limit Trump in a possible second term.So again, Ned, these are the people who are talking about election interference, plotting to undermine a new president's authority before he's even elected. You can't make this up.RYUN: I mean they're going to be -- no, they're going to be fighting tooth and nail all the way through November. And if and when Donald Trump wins his second term, it's going to be -- it's going to be a tooth and nail fight, Laura, from day one. And Donald Trump has to be serious about this and understand, they know what's at stake, they realize that the existence and the continuance of the administrative state, which is their golden calf is what they are fighting for. And he has to go right at it, day one, has to declare. I will devolve and dismantle the administrative state through the power of executive orders. Hopefully, he'll have House and Senate leadership that will agree with him --INGRAHAM: He'll need it.RYUN: -- that will help him. But he's --INGRAHAM: He'll need it.RYUN: -- going to need all the support he can get.INGRAHAM: Yes. Lee, how important is having the best people at the top positions in this new administration?RYUN: Yes.INGRAHAM: There's no time to mess around in the first 100 days, if he wins, he's going to have to have the top, top, top people.ZELDIN: Yes, exactly, you can't have any bad hires for any cabinet positions, or anywhere else. You're going to have vacancies, or some burrowed in silver service, a person is going to be filling an important role. I want to see hundreds of executive orders on day one.RYUN: Yes.ZELDIN: I believe that Donald Trump after having the last four years is going to be in a position to have the strongest first day in first 100 days that we've seen of any president. More executive orders. The right people in the right positions, the right legislation you're sending to Capitol Hill, knowing exactly what you want to implement.Now, maybe President Trump doesn't want to get too superstitious. He wants to focus on November. You have to win.INGRAHAM: You have to have it ready. Have to have it ready to go.ZELDIN: But I'd seen a whole lot of people are going to be --RYUN: Yes.ZELDIN: -- prepared and ready.INGRAHAM: Yes, Nancy Pelosi had all her legislation ready when she was going to be the next speaker. So, Lee and Ned, great conversation. Thank you. All right, trying to rewrite history with woke images. That was just the beginning. Google's AI chatbot Gemini is worse than anyone thought, could have actually another impact on 2024. Kara Frederick, Mike Davis weigh in, next. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's a good time to remember a prediction from the brilliant scholar, Tom Sowell. Ours may be the first civilization not destroyed by the power of our enemies, but by the ignorance of our teachers and the dangerous nonsense they're teaching our children. In an age of artificial intelligence, they're creating artificial stupidity.Well, after a transparent effort to rewrite history and make it more inclusive, Google's A.I. bot, Gemini, took it a step further and showed us just how woke it really is. Fox Business Correspondent Kelly O'Grady is here with all the details. Kelly.KELLY O'GRADY, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, it's great to see you, Laura. And that's right, we are seeing a slew of concerning answers from this Gemini chatbot. The most shocking though, is that Gemini couldn't condemn pedophilia as wrong. Seems pretty simple, right? Well, the chatbot reportedly shared it was a nuanced answer and people can't control who they're attracted to.Further, when faced with the choice of nuclear holocaust or misgendering Caitlyn Jenner, Gemini reportedly chose destruction. Now, following these public gasps, Google shared this, quote, "Gemini is built as a creativity and productivity tool, and it may not always be reliable, especially when it comes to generating images or text about current events, evolving news or hot button topics. It will make mistakes."The chatbot, though, also had some unfavorable things to say about the leader of an A.I. competitor, Elon Musk. Gemini reportedly said it was, quote, "hard to say whether Musk's memes or Hitler had a more negative impact on society."And Musk has been extremely critical of Gemini. Recently, he posted this. Quote, "given that the Gemini A.I. will be at the heart of every Google product and YouTube, this is extremely alarming." He went on to share that a senior Google exec called to say this would take months to fix, but it's in the works. Elon saying, quote, "I doubted that Google's woke bureaucratic blob would allow him to fix it."Now, that sentiment that these biases may be deep rooted in the tech community is shared by more than just Musk, Laura.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: And what this is doing is laying bare for the American people to see that the political ideology that permeates Silicon Valley is finding its way into algorithms. And that's why I think we have to step in at a federal government or the state government and put some guardrails in place.(END VIDEO CLIP)O'GRADY: This raises concerns about who's influencing these models. And Laura, I'll leave you with this. One of Google's core values is don't be evil. The question becomes who decides what's good and evil, especially when it impacts how we get information. Back to you.INGRAHAM: Amazing. Kelly, thank you. Joining me now is Kara Frederick, former analyst at Facebook, current director of Heritage Foundation's Tech Policy Center. And Mike Davis, founder and president of the Internet Accountability Project.Kara, the man once described as the teacher of Google's chatbot apparently has a long history of bashing America online, reportedly calling racism the number one value Americans seek to uphold and proclaiming that white privilege is a bleeping real -- is real back in 2018.Now, Google says its diversity efforts, of course, are well-intentioned, but they do concede. In this case, they were missing the mark. What could this lead to, Kara?KARA FREDERICK, FORMER FACEBOOK ANALYST: A lot. And nothing good. And that's the problem. You know, this is not an accident. Technology is not neutral. It reflects the biases that are implicit in Jack's tweets that you just put up there. When we're creating these systems, you have to understand that these products were likely red-teamed.It means that they were workshopped within Google, that these outputs were, actually, as Brendan Carr said, laid bare, and Silicon Valley was OK with it. That echo chamber thought that this was just fine. So that -- this rot goes very, very deep. It's systemic.You look at what happens in Gmail. There was that NC State study in 2022 that said the 2020 campaign pitched conservative candidates, two thirds of them to spam, while letting the overwhelming majority of leftist candidates go to people's inboxes.YouTube was the king of censorship when it came to COVID, when it came to the 2020 election cycle. Search down ranks pro-life results. So, this is endemic within Silicon Valley. I lived and worked in the belly of the beast. I've seen it firsthand. And it is not going to stop unless we nip it in the bud right now, unless you clean house at Google.INGRAHAM: Yeah, this is their policy. It's like the border policy. Open border is Biden's policy. It's not an accident. Same with this. I mean, this wasn't an accident. They sat around and figured out, well, we'll do this, make this person look this minority and this. And then they decided it was OK.Mike, one of our producers actually asked Google Gemini to define the word woman. And this was the response. Defining woman is a complex issue with no single universally accepted answer. Traditionally, woman has been defined based on biological sex, referring to individuals with XX chromosomes, female reproductive organs, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.And of course, it goes on to say, you know, it doesn't count people with intersex characteristics and so forth, that may not neatly fit into the binary categories of male and female.Mike, I know you're not surprised. It's funny in a way. But I think Elon Musk is on to something. This is going to be embedded in everything that Google is a part of. YouTube, most probably, importantly.MIKE DAVIS, INTERNET ACCOUNTABILITY PROJECT CEO: That's the issue. This artificial intelligence could be a powerful and useful tool for society, but it can't get into the wrong hands. When you have Google, which controls the online advertising market, it controls 95 percent of search. And they're using this artificial intelligence tool to promote their political agenda. That's a problem.This is why we need to break up Google's online advertising monopoly. We need to break up their search monopoly and we can fix this problem. The problem is that Google has too much power and it should not have these tools.INGRAHAM: Yeah. I mean, the question is, you know, whether the media are going to actually stand for sanity or do what they usually do. MSNBC is worried about the impact that A.I. might have on the upcoming elections. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: When you talk to the campaigns, when you talk to this White House, they're extremely concerned about how A.I., currently, and more importantly in the future, will impact the way that voters engage in campaigns. It's not just going to impact our elections. It's going to impact every part of culture.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, Kara, your reaction. I would agree with him. I mean, it is going to have a huge impact. And the question is, does the bot end up being election interference?FREDERICK: You know, I think there is a strong case to be made for that, which is why we always have to toward transparency and traceability. There should be methods of audit auditing these computational systems. That is absolutely key.And one thing to think about, too, is now with the advent of certain technologies and, you know, A.I. driven technologies and subsets of A.I., they can like natural language processing. They make the synthetic media. These digital forgeries look a little more human like. So, they're more apt to trick the average consumer of intelligence.But we have to make sure the information environment, which is very right for exploitation, is shored up when it comes to transparency. explainable A.I., open source, these certain A.I. foundation models, that's a good start for letting these -- for letting us govern ourselves.INGRAHAM: And, Mike, meanwhile, at the Supreme Court today, a big oral argument on the question of content moderation. They heard two cases. It's going to shape the future, I think, of online discourse. Your reaction to what happened today at the court, Mike?DAVIS: I would say this, that Texas and Florida are trying to regulate these social media companies and their discrimination of -- their viewpoint discrimination. These are not normal private companies. These are quasi government actors. They get Section 230 immunity. They've had antitrust amnesty for years.We have to treat them differently than other private companies. We need to break up big tech in this. These bills in Florida and Texas are a short- term fix. But the long-term goal needs to break up. Need to break up big tech.INGRAHAM: Big is usually bad. So, we appreciate both of you. Thank you. All right, Biden doesn't have a clue when it comes to countering China. We know that. The president is busy making TikTok videos, while the communist regime scoops up Americans personal data. Gordon Chang is here to sound the alarm. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: China is going to eat our lunch. Well, guess what, man? We don't taste that good.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's so funny. Well, this is why none of us should take them seriously when Team Biden claims to be taking the China threat seriously. Now, remember, Biden is a guy who uses Chinese controlled TikTok to post campaign videos, despite his own administration warning that TikTok poses a serious national security risk.Everything Biden's done so far has pretty much helped China, helped enrich China and himself. So, it should be no surprise when we see right through his new plan to protect Americans.The Washington Post reporting that Biden will issue an executive order this week to prevent the bulk flow of American sensitive data, including genetic information, to hostile foreign countries, including China.Joining me now is Gordon Chang, senior fellow at the Gatestone Institute and author of, China is going to war. Gordon, the headline sounds very promising, but that's not exactly the case when you read deep into the piece. Explain.GORDON CHANG, GATESTONE INSTITUTE SENIOR FELLOW: Well, there's a lot of reasons. For one thing, you know, if Biden were worried about the bulk transfer of data to China, he wouldn't be urging his followers to transfer their data to China by joining TikTok. Now, this is rulemaking. That means we're not going to see an executive order for months.If Biden were serious, what he'd be doing is he would be taking China's law on data transfers to foreign parties and he would be adopting the same in his executive order, just changing the date and putting U.S. at the top of the document rather than China. There's so much that Biden can do immediately, but he's not.INGRAHAM: Well, and the experts on internet security and data also say that an executive order of this type would be very limited. So, just like, as he kind of puts -- you know, throws out these fig leaves on the border issue, it's really just meant for political cover. It's not -- you're not really taking it seriously, not just TikTok, but everything he's done with China would be much more differently focused.CHANG: Yeah. Well, with regard to these rules, remember, this only applies to bulk transfers of data. You know, China can get this data, you know, at onesies and two-sies. This has so many loopholes in it that the loopholes are actually bigger than the proposed rule as described by The Washington Post.But when you look at his tech rules, when you look at what he's doing with the military, these are really minimal things. He's doing the minimum amount that is politically feasible. So, really, we have to be concerned about Biden.And by the way, you know, when the Chinese fly that big spy balloon over our country, Biden just sort of welcomes it. And what does he do? He doesn't do anything until it's collected all that data and sent it back to China.INGRAHAM: OK. A lot of people haven't seen this next soundbite. This was Biden in a meeting with the Governor's Association where he mentions his relationship with President Xi of China. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I've spent a lot of time with Xi Jinping when I was vice president, president. My president was told me that he wanted me to get to know Xi Jinping because it was clear he was going to be the head of Russia -- of China. And he said, can you define America for me? I looked at him, I said, yes, I can. In one word. And I said, possibilities.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It kind of confused the heads of state there. But, you know, that, again, that's nice talk. You know, America's the land -- first of all, America is about freedom. That's what you would tell Xi Jinping. Possibilities, you know, that's kind of bland. It's freedom. Something that China doesn't know anything about or doesn't want to trample.CHANG: Oh, yeah. Well, you know, China is the enemy of freedom around the world, not just in China, but it's trying to stifle freedom in our country and elsewhere. You know, and Biden, he brags about he's spent more time with Xi Jinping than any other American.But if that's the case, I mean, why are our relations with China so tense? Why is China acting so belligerently? I think it's because they've seen Biden and they realized that, first of all, they own him. That's what the Chinese think.And also, I think that they believe that he just does not have the right attitudes towards defending America. He just doesn't care about defending our country. Look at the migrants surging across our borders from China, including the soldiers. Biden couldn't care less.INGRAHAM: So, 20,000 Chinese come across the border. Why would Xi take Biden seriously? Can you imagine 20,000 Americans crossing into China? What do you think would happen with that?CHANG: That's not happening. But, you know, some of those migrants coming across China, matter of fact, the more recent ones, these are the soldiers. And some of these soldiers who have been in our country for less than three weeks, they're taking target practice with rifles and pistols. You know, you can't make this stuff up.And also, a couple of Chinese migrants, the rumors say, were actually using sonar to look at American vessels in American ports. They're doing this from underwater. This really is serious. I mean, there is a risk of espionage here and a risk of sabotage.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, we need real reporting on this. That would be nice to have that done. Gordon, thank you very much. All right. Health officials tried to warn us the migrant crisis could lead to what? A contagious disease outbreak. Now, 15 states may be learning the hard way. Dr. Siegel is here, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Twenty-thousand migrant children may or may not be vaccinated for diseases like diphtheria, tetanus, polio, hep B, measles and chickenpox. Yet, New York City public schools is allowing them to start the school year, giving them a 30-day waiver to get their shots, an extra window of time not afforded to native students.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, we started the show by laying the blame at Biden's feet for the murder of that Georgia nursing student by an illegal alien. And since the start of the year, though, at least 15 states have seen cases of the measles equal to 60 percent of all cases from last year.Now, Florida has seen the latest outbreak with nine cases so far. So, it's not just the spread of violent crime across the country caused by the open border, it's the potential spread of contagious diseases.Joining me now, Dr. Marc Siegel, Fox News medical contributor. Dr. Siegel, look, the lack of vaccination on the part of these migrants crossing the border is quite something. Do you have confidence that given the sheer number of people crossing the border, this can be contained as this spread continues?MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Absolutely not. Cannot be contained. Not only have studies shown that migrants are less likely to be vaccinated against measles, they're also more likely to have measles.Here's one that's going to shock you, Laura, although very little shocks you. But Yemen is number one in the world for measles, over 20 to 40 thousand people with measles last year. The Houthis are where they live, and guess where they sometimes come. We're worried about bioterrorism. We're worried about terrorism. They're coming across our southern border.India, the country of India, is number four on the list. And we had over 40,000 Indian immigrants come across illegally across our southern border last year. Listen, this story is not really about the United States. There were nine million cases in the world last year of measles. Nine million cases. It's the world that's under vaccinated.The United States is doing very well by comparison. But travelers here, both legally and illegally, are not screened for measles and they're bringing measles in.And I'm very concerned about the point you made that they're coming across our southern border and migrants for sure. Where did they find the time, by the way, to get the measles vaccine? When? When they were fleeing? When they were claiming asylum? When exactly did they get the measles vaccine?INGRAHAM: They get 30 days, I guess, to get their record squared away. But I just don't have any -- I don't have any faith that any of this is happening. And there have also been reported cases of tuberculosis in California, and I believe in Arizona, some in Texas, which obviously is a lot more serious.SIEGEL: Also, polio. There's also scabies. There's also all kinds of viruses coming across. By the way, to your point you just made about having time to be vaccinated, in the state of Ohio in 2022, they gave people that period of time, who weren't vaccinated, to take a vaccine if it's in your school. We're not talking about a whole state here. If it's in your school.Look, measles is the most contagious virus on the planet. I want people to be vaccinated against this virus, specifically, because the vaccine prevents spread. It's extremely effective.But the big problem here is that we're not screening people at all and it's coming in from other countries.INGRAHAM: Dr. Siegel, great to see you tonight. Thank you so much. Up next, Jesse Watters.