19SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS HOST: For Fox News Sunday, we will talk with Senator Tom Cotton of the Intel Committee, and Ranking Member of the House Armed Services Committee, Democrat Adam Smith.Thank you for watching "SPECIAL REPORT." I'm Shannon Bream in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE has you covered from every side, it is up next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Washington tonight. As always, thanks for being with us. The enablers, that's the focus of tonight's Angle.All right. The world knows the truth. Putin knows, Xi knows, our allies know, that Joe Biden, America's Commander in Chief, is in serious mental decline. And everyone saw what that looks like last night. Now, this is not a political debate. It is a factual certainty. No amount of briefings by staff, his press office, his lawyers will convince voters here or leaders in other countries that Biden himself is in charge. Now, someone over at the White House is making the big calls, and it ain't this guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I'm well-meaning and I'm an elderly man, and I know what the hell I'm doing. I've been President and I put this country back on its feet. My memory is fine.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, 67 percent think we're on the wrong track on the -- right back on track. All right. They sent him out last night to try to reassure the country. But, it just confirmed what everyone knows.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: -- initially, the President of Mexico, Sisi, did not want to open up the gate to humanitarian material to get in. I talked to him. I convinced him to open the gate.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. Mexico is not Egypt, and Egypt is not Mexico. But, we're all supposed to watch this and blame the Special Counsel for telling us what the press refused to report on for the last three plus years? Now, it's not like these verbal wanderings and confused recollections or anything new here. On the Angle, we've been reporting on this for years, like back in 2022 when he tried to do a shout out to a Congresswoman, Jackie Walorski, despite the fact that the Indiana Republican had died in a car accident a month earlier.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Jackie, are you here? Where is Jackie? I think she was going to be here -- to help make this a reality.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And how did CNN report on this at the time? With the headline "Biden's gaffe plays right into Republicans' hands." So, the focus is on the mean Republicans pouncing, not on what the comment said about the President's mental acuity. And don't forget also, by that time, the media had already seen myriad examples of how diminished Biden's mental capacity had become. But, CNN didn't care. It was playing defensive tackle for the man who saved the world from Trump. Now, last night, after the report dropped and the comms team had not had the chance to give the press a clear narrative, well, that was one of the few times they actually started to sound like they're real reporters.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: That was actually refreshing to hear and see. But, by the morning, many in the media were back in enabling mode, back on the team, echoing the White House's defense.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL BEGALA, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: He is a partisan. He clerked for Chief Justice Rehnquist. Who led the fight against Rehnquist's confirmation? Senator Joe Biden. Oh, maybe he is biased. OK? He worked for Donald Trump. Who defeated Donald Trump which got this guy to lose his job as a prosecutor in Maryland? Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But, he also --BEGALA: This was a terrible choice by Merrick Garland.JOE SCARBOROUGH, HOST, "MORNING JOE": First of all, wondered why in the world he would put that in the report, his neurological assessment of Joe Biden? And secondly, why Merrick Garland would release garbage like that in the Justice Department report?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They're attacking Mr. Hur. They're attacking Merrick Garland. OK. I mean, come on, man. I mean, if you're so easily manipulated, maybe it's time to go into another line of work. These are classic enabling behaviors. There are a lot, though, of enablers out there. I don't want to single out anyone. There are so many, including the gal whose own on-camera loopiness has also worried Democrat leaders.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What I saw in that report last night I believe is -- as a former prosecutor -- the comments that were made by that prosecutor, gratuitous, inaccurate and inappropriate.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Inaccurate? Well, as a former prosecutor, Madam Vice President, you should know that you just opened the door to the obvious rejoinder. If the Special Counsel's quotes of Biden are inaccurate, then release the audio tapes of the interviews. Oh yeah, release the tapes. Even Jake Tapper raised that point.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: One big question for the coming weeks is, whether any transcript or audio of the President's interview with the Special Counsel could be released?JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Yeah, sure. I mean, if they think Special Counsel Hur is unfairly portraying these exchanges, let's hear it. Let's see it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But, all the enablers know how bad those tapes would be. And remember, Hur wrote that Biden's memory was significantly limited, both in the interviews with his office and with a ghostwriter for his book. And no fair-minded person on earth thinks it is a casual, no big deal memory lapse when Biden couldn't remember when his beloved son died or when his term as VP ended. And by the way, they weren't convinced by last night's lash out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: How bad is your memory, and can you continue as President?BIDEN: My memory is so bad, I let you speak.MJ LEE, CNN SENIOR WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Mr. President, for months when you were asked about your age, you would respond with the words, watch me. Well, many American people have been watching and they have expressed concerns about your age.BIDEN: That is your judgment. That is your judgment. That is not the judgment of the press.(END VIDEO CLIPINGRAHAM: It's not the judgment of the press. Did you hear what he said? Well, he knows his enablers usually do come to his rescue, and no one has bailed him out of more embarrassing jams than his own wife, who is really the main culprit here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKA BRZEZINSKI, CO-HOST, "MORNING JOE": Is there a part of you that is worried about his age and health? Can he do it?JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: He can do it. And I see Joe every day. I see him out. Traveling around this country, I see his vigor. I see his energy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Remember, she wants you to call her Doctor, Dr. Biden? But, she is really just a nurse on a power trip, if she is not leading them off a stage.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: Well, she is running interference for him with the press.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, will you allow the FBI to search your Rehoboth Beach home? (Inaudible).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Will you make a party next week?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: She is always at the ready, even when hecklers get a little too close.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: A heckler tried to interrupt Joe and you --JILL BIDEN: Yeah.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- in New Hampshire and you sprang into action.BIDEN: Well, here is a Big Guy.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I know.BIDEN: I didn't know he was standing behind me.JILL BIDEN: He was coming up behind Joe --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah.JILL BIDEN: -- and I thought, oh my Gosh, he is so aggressive. And I though I've got to do something right now. So, I stood up and I just went right at him.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's right.JILL BIDEN: You got to protect those you love.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that's a nice sentiment. But, this is way beyond that. This is enabling. Now, all of this long predated last night, and now more than ever, Americans and even the foreign press want to know who is really in charge at the White House. The headline of The Daily Telegraph today is "Is Jill Biden secretly running America?" With the U.S. President's cognitive abilities under increasing scrutiny, many believe his wife is the one steering the ship. Of course, The New York Times described Jill today in those benevolent terms, Jill as a protective force. Well, protective spouses are amazing.But, this is the U.S. presidency, and he has access to nuclear weapons. Congress should do its best as the people's representatives to find out who is actually making the big decisions about matters that will determine our country's future, because no matter how many spokespersons they send out to trash the Special Counsel or a test to Biden's vim and vigor, we all know the Big Guy isn't making the big calls. And we all know what Joe Biden's enablers have done. The man can't remember when he left the vice presidency, for goodness sakes. Oh, sorry. He forgot. And we're not supposed to think that's messed up? By the time Biden leaves office, more Americans will wish that they could forget his entire presidency. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Sean Davis, CEO and Co-Founder of The Federalist, and Kevin Walling, a Democratic Campaign Strategist and Biden 2020 Campaign Surrogate.Alright, Kevin, let's start with you. What you saw last night with the White House sending Joe Biden out to reassure the country, and when in fact he again could not name a major leader of a foreign country that we deal with on a regular basis, you say?KEVIN WALLING, DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN STRATEGIST, & FMR BIDEN 2020 CAMPAIGN SURROGATE: I mean, Laura, what you said in the intro is right. I mean, this isn't a new story with the President. Go back to his years in the Senate. He would confuse names, who would confuse dates. That's nothing new. It's nothing new in American politics. Sean, my friend here on the panel, worked for a guy named Rick Perry out of Texas who -- we forget that in his debate performance couldn't name the three departments that he wanted to get rid of on national television.So, politics is not new to these kinds of missteps, and missteps aren't new to this kind of politics. And I think what you saw last night is a President upset about this report, upset specifically about the mention of Beau Biden, and wanted to deliver a rebuke to the American people --INGRAHAM: I mean --WALLING: -- and to Special Counsel Hur, which is what we saw play out.INGRAHAM: Kevin, I actually -- I don't want to say you can't believe what you're saying. But, I mean, come on. I mean -- Sean, I don't want this to be too against Walling (ph). This is so obvious what's going on here. But, is it fair? I mean, these are just verbal gaffes at times and memory lapses that we all have.SEAN DAVIS, CEO & CO-FOUNDER OF THE FEDERALIST: I mean, bless Kevin's heart. I admire him for trying. Joe Biden doesn't remember when he was Vice President. He doesn't remember when his own son died. He doesn't remember where his son died. The question I wanted to hear last night from the press was, Mr. President, what day is it? Mr. President, what year is it? When were you inaugurated? Because the fact of the matter is that Joe Biden's brain is broken. We all know it, and the country is broken. And my worry right now is that we are at such a dangerous moment, both internally and what we face externally from foreign enemies, this man is not capable of handling this job and he needs to go.INGRAHAM: Today on CNN, there was a fact check, not about Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN AVLON, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: One thing that President Biden said is basically that he stored the documents and filing cabinets that could be locked. Let's listen.BIDEN: All the stuff that was in my home was in filing cabinets that were either locked or able to be locked.AVLON: Daniel.DANIEL DALE, CNN SENIOR REPORTER: Just not true, John.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Kevin, is that just more of a memory lapse, or is that just -- what is that? I mean, that's just false. I mean, if Special Counsel said it's false, and CNN, no fan of President Trump, obviously, you can't even spin that.WALLING: Laura, listen, again, this is the first Special Counsel in American history to clear everyone of any kind of wrongdoing. So, you have Robert Hur wanting to layer in these allegations when he couldn't prove in a court of law that there was willful intent with these documents, regardless of whether they were locked in the cabinet or not. But, back to the memory issue, the amazing thing to me as a Democrat is, if the President is struggling so much with his memory, then why is he running and runs around the Republican Party? Why is he winning in every single negotiation when it comes to the debt ceiling, when it comes to funding the American government, when it comes to now assuming the mantle of Ronald Reagan and projecting strength abroad?I mean, the fact that in the last week a Democratic President --INGRAHAM: Oh my God. This is like --WALLING: -- turned you and others on Fox against --INGRAHAM: You --WALLING: -- our own Border Patrol leadership --INGRAHAM: Yeah.WALLING: -- is extraordinary.INGRAHAM: So, you -- so, Sean --WALLING: I mean, that one against the Republicans. It's not against the President.INGRAHAM: So, Mr. Walling, you actually believe that Biden is sitting there and he is plotting out the strategy on legislative issues and the big calls on trade and the Middle East. Do you -- are you saying tonight on national television that the President of the United States, that cannot remember basic facts about his own personal biography, is making those substantive calls? Yes. That's what you believe. I just want you to say it on national television.WALLING: 100 percent, Laura.INGRAHAM: OK.WALLING: And in fact, if you --INGRAHAM: You have no credibility.WALLING: -- go into the record with whether it be Speaker McCarthy, now Speaker Johnson, you had hour-long meetings with Republican leadership, they didn't come out of those sessions saying --INGRAHAM: Yeah.WALLING: -- Joe Biden has lost his mind here in these negotiations. He said -- they said that he was tough, presented his --INGRAHAM: Yeah.WALLING: -- arguments and actually --INGRAHAM: OK.WALLING: -- in the --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: 67.5 percent of the country says we're in the wrong direction. I mean, 67.5 percent of the Americans think we're going in the wrong direction, Sean. I think it would probably be 81 percent of the country, I believe it's 80 percent -- 78 percent believes that Joe Biden is too old and too impaired to be President of the United States. But, Sean, look, the White House Counsel Spokesman Ian Sams came out today to try to sell the narrative that they think will work. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)IAN SAMS, SPOKESMAN FOR THE WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL'S OFFICE: I think the public is smart and I think that they can see what's going on. I think that they see a President who fully cooperated. I think they see a President who did the right thing. I think that they can see and understand when people are gratuitous and make comments that they shouldn't make and that are beyond the remit of a prosecutor to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sean, the drinking game word of the day is gratuitous. They're all on the same page on that. What's the big takeaway that he cooperated?DAVIS: Well, the problem they have here is, you've got on one hand a Special Counsel saying, yeah, he did all these things, and they were crimes, but he is so befuddled, and he is so feeble, and so senile and demented. We don't think we could actually prove he even knew what he was doing. So, on one hand, you have that. And on the other hand, you have the White House saying, no, he is the most powerful, vigorous President ever. He knows everything he is doing. Well, if that's the case, he needs to be on trial. And if he is not mentally fit to stand trial, then he is not mentally fit to be President.INGRAHAM: Sean, Kevin, thanks so much. Vigorous debate.All right. Democrats, as we said, are trying to destroy the man who did tell the truth about Joe Biden. Professor Jonathan Turley reacts next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN HEILEMANN, MSNBC NATIONAL AFFAIRS ANALYST: This special prosecutor could have written the same report without using these words, "Elderly man with a poor memory."SCARBOROUGH: It's gratuitous --HEILEMANN: Well --SCARBOROUGH: -- and he knows it's gratuitous --HEILEMANN: Yeah.SCARBOROUGH: -- and it was bad faith.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The truth hurts, and there was nothing gratuitous here. It's either Joe has a striking deficiency in recollection, or he had a solid grasp of all the details and should have been charged. But, Hur's decision not to charge Biden was partly guided by the concern that the jury would have found him a sympathetic, elderly man with a poor memory. But today, the so-called ethics experts dug in.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I called my fellow ethicists, people who deal with this every day, and we've come to the view. You know what? There is a few lines in here that are gratuitous digs. The former Attorney General agrees. I think it violates Justice Department, policy, practice, procedure, protocol and norms.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now is Jonathan Turley, Fox News contributor, law professor at George Washington University. Professor, did the special prosecutor, Mr. Hur, violate, in your mind, any ethical guidelines?JONATHAN TURLEY, GWU LAW SCHOOL PROFESSOR, & FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No. I don't think he has committed any unethical act here. The key to remember is that he took an investigation where the retention and mishandling of classified information was established within the first hour. So, he already knew that President Biden had classified material. He knew that they were housed in highly inappropriate spots. The President lied about that even after the report. They were in his garage in these torn up boxes. So, the question for Hur was, well, do we still go ahead and prosecute him? That's a matter of, in his view, intent. And he said we could not establish that full intent because of a lack of memory.But, the lack of memory was material to his decision. He was saying, the President was just blanked out whenever we asked him about these dates going back 40 years. So, he was talking about the key issue, the only issue that remained. Now, I have a serious problem with the report because he describes every element of a crime, and then says, well, we just didn't think a jury would take to convicting this elderly guy with a poor memory. It makes him sound like if he was less sympathetic, or his memory was a --INGRAHAM: Right.TURLEY: -- better. He might have been charged. But, in terms of talking about his memory, that was the key issue that he was investigating. How much did Biden remember? But also, Laura, what was really odd about this press conference is that only one of two things can be true. Right? Either he has diminished memory, or he was deceptive. Right? He went in front of the entire country and said, no, I've got great memory. Well, then that means you were deceptive with the Special Counsel. So, it's a very odd press conference from so many different vantage points.INGRAHAM: Well, the point he made about, well, I didn't have confidential, classified information, that's not what the special prosecutor found. I mean, even he was fact checked by liberal --TURLEY: That's right.INGRAHAM: -- commentators who had to even say that today that, why did he say that? That's absolutely not true.TURLEY: Yeah. He said he didn't willfully retain material. I went straight on Twitter and said, here is a heading that says the President willfully retained material. And so, it was other worldly to see him stand up there and deny established facts from this report.INGRAHAM: Jonathan, the attacks on the Special Counsel here by the surrogates for Joe Biden today, will that have any impact, do you believe, on what the public takes away from what they saw?TURLEY: No. There is a new poll out today showing over 70 percent of people have serious or strong reservations about the President's mental fitness. And certainly, that press conference did not help. It was a disaster for him to show his acuity, and then he confuses world leaders. So, it was a truly cringe-worthy moment. So, all of the attacks on Hur is not going to change that fact. But, these are the same people that criticized folks for wanting to take any information out of the Mueller report to say anything negative towards Mueller, and now you've got this sort of mob action against Hur.I think that Hur may have come to the wrong conclusion on whether to charge the President or whether there is evidence for a criminal charge. I could have understood if he said, look, traditionally, we just don't charge these issues. But, he couldn't say that because of Trump. But, to attack him in this way is beyond the pale, in my view.INGRAHAM: Jonathan, interesting. Thanks so much.All right. The anti-Trumpers' slow descent into total madness is fun to watch. Sol Wisenberg reacts the winning and the whining, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: This has been a hell of a bad stretch for the sufferers of TDS, Trump Derangement Syndrome. Now, the special prosecutor's scathing report about Biden's mental state was bad enough, but just hours before that bombshell dropped, the Supreme Court had wrapped arguments in that Trump ballot eligibility case out of Colorado. Now, you get a sense of how it went by the reaction of so-called experts in constitutional law who had boldly predicted that the 14th Amendment would disqualify Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: My former students, the Chief Justice and Justice Kagan, saying, isn't it amazing that just one or two states might determine who becomes president? Where have they been all this time? When they studied constitutional law, there was something they learned about the electoral college. I doubt that they've forgotten about it, but to listen to the argument, you'd think they have.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: First of all, the Electoral College has nothing to do with what they were arguing, and he's attacking Elena Kagan. Wow. Trump's made these people, not just lose their credibility, they've lost their minds. Joining me now is Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel, Fox News contributor.Sol, who's getting the Constitution wrong here?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, the whole idea behind using state courts and section three of the 14th amendment to try to take Trump off the ballot was so ridiculous from the get go, was such a loser. You just shake your head in wonder, not that somebody like Tribe would be involved in it, he fell off the deep end long ago, but that Judge Luttig would lend his name to it. Really, really amazing. And nothing, nothing surprising about yesterday's argument.INGRAHAM: Now, Sol, I listened to the entire thing. Justice Thomas just hit it out of the park right off the bat. He was the first one to ask a question. The lawyers representing what the Colorado Supreme Court's verdict was in this case, that Trump could be ruling, that Trump could be knocked off the ballot, basically was trying to, you know, argue facts that weren't actually at play here, and it was just completely schooled.But it looks like this could actually be a very lopsided decision. This could be 8-1. Some people saying it could be 9-0. But at some point, it looked like even Sotomayor kind of gave up, saying, OK, Kagan's on that side. I got to go with the Kagan people.WISENBERG: We have to be careful about predicting from oral argument.INGRAHAM: Oh, no, we don't.WISENBERG: It's been a long time --INGRAHAM: It's Friday night.WISENBERG: It's Friday night, OK. It's been a long time since I've heard oral argument this lopsided. And I think you're right. It's either going to be eight to one or nine zip. And it's going to be on relatively narrow grounds in order that Chief Justice Roberts can get everybody on board.But what I really appreciated about the argument yesterday, Laura, was that, you know, everybody took it seriously and I was very proud of the court. They were seriously discussing important constitutional issues. They weren't talking about liberal or conservative or anything like that. I think it really redounds to the benefit of the court and to the prestige of the court.INGRAHAM: Yeah, Brett Kavanaugh noted, obviously, that, look, there's a criminal statute on the books for insurrection. That wasn't at play here. And then Justice Alito, raise the concern about the potential for retaliatory action on the part of other states and chaos. Listen to the Colorado attorney having pretty much zero answer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We've been told that if what Colorado did here is sustain, other states are going to retaliate and they're going to potentially exclude another candidate from the ballot. What about that situation?UNKNOWN: I don't think that this court should take those threats too seriously in its resolution of this case.UNKNOWN: You don't think that's a serious threat?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sol, how serious would that be, and what would that mean for our representative democracy and our presidential elections?WISENBERG: Oh, it would be constitutional chaos, and I think that's what concerns all members of the court more than anything else. Even, in particular, I thought Justice Jackson, and she was also concerned about the officer, is the president even an officer of the United States. And she was pressing, you know, Trumps lawyer, why don't you stress that even more.But I do think the number one issue, if you had to pick the number one issue that's really concerning them, it's that issue you identify, constitutional chaos, if every state can do it their own way. Remember, you're not talking about their own officials, you're talking about state officials throughout the country deciding who gets on the federal ballot.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Now Alabama next, and then Texas, and then California, and it just goes on and on. Sol, we had a busy week, thanks so much.All right, the pro-life Spiderman, climbed to the top of the Las Vegas sphere this week. A friend of mine told me about it. His first stop after jail? Well, right here on the Angle. That's next. But first, it's Super Bowl weekend, and Joe Theismann is here with his predictions. I cannot wait. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Super Bowl 58, I know you're going to watch, kicks off Sunday from Las Vegas. Patrick Mahomes, Kansas City Chiefs, are in the big game for the fourth time in the last five seasons, officially, I think, a football dynasty. On the other side, Brock Purdy, who was the last draft pick in the 2022 NFL Draft, he has the chance to give San Francisco its sixth Super Bowl title.So, who better to preview the Sunday game than someone who played in two of them, former NFL quarterback, legend, Joe Theismann. Joe, great to see you as always. You won the Super Bowl back in 1983. So, do the 49ers have what it takes in your estimation to dethrone the Chiefs?JOE THEISMANN, FORMER NFL QUARTERBACK: I do -- I do, Lauren. Thanks for having me, I appreciate it. I do believe that the 49ers are as complete a football team as the Chiefs are going to face. And Brock Purdy, you know, it's funny. People keep asking me, what's it like the first time? What's it going to be like? You really don't know, so you don't know what to be afraid of.And Brock is just going to continue to do what he's done, run the offense, manage the offense, make plays. We saw last week he can make it with his legs. So, it's a little bit different. But I think that the San Francisco 49ers do have the firepower to go up against Kansas City and win this.INGRAHAM: Well, Mahomes addressed the whole issue of dynasties yesterday. Watch, Joe.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I feel like dynasties for other people to kind of talk about after your career is done. All you can do is enjoy the moment. I know we've won a lot of football games and been in a lot of Super Bowls, but until you go out there and do it year in and year out and have the mindset of continuing to be great, I don't know if you ever really just talk about it. You just focus on just going out there and winning it as much as possible and let people talk about it once you're done.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joe, I'm so impressed with him. I mean, he has enormous poise. He doesn't seem to get caught up in the hype. And he's just like, we're focused on the game. That's it. That's all we're focused on, period.THEISMANN: Laura, he fully understands what's at stake. He fully understands what they've accomplished, not just this year, but in previous years. And he has a great perspective of it. You know, I think he's the best quarterback in football. He's fun to watch. You're never quite sure what's going to happen when Patrick gets the ball in his hands.And to me it's like, you know, OK, I like the 49ers, but Patrick Mahomes is on the other side. And you know what he's capable of doing. You know the abilities that he has and the people around him. You know, I've said this many, many times, the quarterback position is the single most dependent position on the field. You think back earlier this year, the Chiefs weren't holding on to the footballs. Oh, Patrick's not having that good a year.Then we look at the last three football games and they're catching everything and it's, wow, look at Patrick go. But there's so many storylines in this game. I mean, it used to be maybe three, four, five guys determine the outcome. There's probably 10 guys that you can look at in this game and say, if this one does that, or if this one does that, they're going to have a chance to win for their team.INGRAHAM: $8,600 per ticket. People reselling the tickets, Joe. It's insane. A little different price than when you were playing. It's always great to see you. Thanks so much for the perspective tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Hey, guys, I'm here on top of the sphere. I guess they're going to make me go through the top, but I just wanted to say that we are doing this today to raise money for a mother named Isabel. She is homeless and pregnant and needs help, guys.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Maison Deschamps, known as the pro-life Spiderman, was arrested earlier this week after climbing to the top of the 366-foot Las Vegas Sphere. Now, he did it to raise money for a homeless pregnant mom named Isabel, he says -- who he says has an abortion scheduled for this weekend. The stunt helped raise more than $36,000.Joining us now is Maison Deschamps. Maison, we'll get to what we're thinking when you did this question in a moment, but did you change Isabel's mind about having the abortion?MAISON DESCHAMPS, PRO-LIFE SPIDERMAN: Yes. So, we're announcing it here first. Isabel has, in fact, chosen life. And her fundraisers are filled up. So, all of the money that's donated now that isn't going to Isabel will go towards another mom.INGRAHAM: So, how did you learn that she decided not to have an abortion and how did you find out about her in the first place?DESCHAMPS: Well, ten minutes before the show I called her counselor, and I'm not sure how she found Let Them Live, but thankfully coming onto shows like yours, it really raises the awareness and gets the word out that there are other options than abortion. There are resources so women can choose life.INGRAHAM: And how did you find out about her?DESCHAMPS: So, all the women they contact, Let Them Live, in different ways. A lot of times it's the people who are on the ground, in front of the abortion clinics, that are the ones who convince these women to call resources like Let Them Live for further help. And thank God she did because she's going to have a beautiful, beautiful child. And honestly, this is like what's happening right now in America. It's so horrible.INGRAHAM: The police are saying that --DESCHAMPS: -- babies have been murdered since Roe v. Wade alone.INGRAHAM: No, it's carnage. Mason, you were charged with destroying property greater than $5,000, conspiracy to destroy private property. The police said you caused $100,000 worth of damage to LED lights. What's your response?DESCHAMPS: I didn't break a thing. And honestly, I think that the Las Vegas Metro Police Department should be ashamed of their disregard for the law and our rights as citizens. I had four friends who were on the ground who were all arrested for holding signs. At one point it got so crazy they threw the worship leader from my church in handcuffs. If my grandma was on the ground handing out cookies' they would have arrested her.So, I really do think that it's in their best interest just to drop these charges because there was not a thing that was damaged at all.INGRAHAM: If you tore down a statue of one of our founders, you probably would have been OK, though. We have video of some of them getting arrested, some of your compatriots there. But this is an unbelievable story. A friend of mine was actually on the ground, and he saw you, and he texted me a photo of you climbing. John knows who he is, John Hamlin. So, Maison, thank you very much. We'll be following this case.All right, after a disastrous week, was Biden any better today? Well, we checked in and we'll tell you. And I grant Raymond three wishes. It's Friday and it's Follies, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's Friday and that means it's time for Friday Follies. And for that we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right Raymond, we have been documenting how -- I'm sounding demented. How the media has been covering Biden's unraveling. But you found a few more pretty remarkable ones. A sampling.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Described in the report as sympathetic elderly man who is well- meaning. That is not how you want your president to be perceived.UNKNOWN: No, but he --UNKNOWN: What do you make of that?UNKNOWN: He leaned right into it last night and said, I am a sympathetic elderly man who has a good memory.UNKNOWN: Moments after defending his memory, the president mistakenly referred to the president of Egypt as the president of Mexico. He did later get it right.UNKNOWN: If someone says you're too far left, you can tack to the center. The man is 80 years old. He rides a bike.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: He rides a bike. Yeah, Laura, and we know how that one turned out. I mean, hello.INGRAHAM: Well.ARROYO: The truth is, one of the few reporters who got this right today was Peter Alexander at NBC, who underscored the president's Assisi Mexican stumble there. But, you know, it's OK, Laura. He was much better today meeting with world leaders.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Today, we'll also discuss the work that we're going to be doing together to strengthen NATO, ahead of its 75th NATO summit this summer here.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Get the Peter Alexander.ARROYO: You know, Laura, all he does now is read. They give him reams of notes, and he kind of reads through them in a monotone. This is not credible diplomacy or statecraft on any level. And I'm sorry, Kevin Walling, very early in your show, he said, oh, Biden made blunders like this in the Senate.Laura, I knew Joe Biden in the Senate. I interviewed him. I covered him. He was never in this condition. This is greatly diminished.INGRAHAM: What did Peter Alexander say? I missed that. What you were saying. What was that?ARROYO: Well, he accurately pointed out that, uh, Biden had made that gaffe about confusing a CC with the Mexican president. They're not the same person. It's a totally different area of the world. Alexander pointed that out cleanly and just reported it.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, Raymond, just because it's Friday, I'm granting you three wishes.ARROYO: Oh, thank you. OK, now, Laura, I know, you know, I think it's awful the way anchors have to interview certain newsmakers with no warning. I wish CNN would alert their anchors that interviewing Jamie Raskin, the congressman, can induce vomiting. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Congress might act in the meantime to exercise our two-thirds authority to remove the disability from Donald Trump. Now that's obviously an extravagant hypothetical. His insurrectionist disability.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Poor Wolf Blitzer, Laura. Whether it was Raskin's ranting or a bad clam, CNN said Wolf was not at 100 percent. That's like saying Biden's not at 100 percent. I mean, poor man was about to spill his cookies here, but I hope he's okay.INGRAHAM: When you were a little kid and you felt like you were going to throw up, and you're, like, mom, you're right. Poor guy, that's horrible. All right, what else? Second wish.ARROYO: OK, Laura, my second wish. I wish colleges and universities would teach kids something more than celebrity worship and pop culture distractions. Look what you made me do, Harvard.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Stephanie Burtt is the mastermind behind Harvard's new English class, Taylor Swift and Her World. Have you ever taught such a popular class?UNKNOWN: No. This is the largest class that I've ever taught.(MUSIC)UNKNOWN: Just like Wordsworth.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, this is the ultimate tortured, this is the ultimate tortured poets' department, OK? That's Taylor's next album. I think it was inspired by this. It looks like Taylor Swift's not the only one who likes to wear fancy get-ups, though. Here's the thing. I pulled the syllabus for this class. You'll love this. We will learn to study fan culture. I can't read my writing here. How to think about white text, southern text and queer subtext. This is a very bizarre course. And I'm not sure it's worth 10,000 bucks.INGRAHAM: Yeah, Harvard's tuition is what, 82, 83 --ARROYO: $100,000 a year. Yeah, but $100,000 when you grow food and board.INGRAHAM: Think about what you're learning, though. All the benefits to what you're learning. All right, third wish.ARROYO: It's a single.INGRAHAM: That's going to make me have a nightmare. Third wish.ARROYO: Yeah. Oh, third wish. Biden recently went to North Carolina, Laura, randomly visiting a black family in a sad effort to troll for votes in that community. But I wish the White House staff would clearly tell the president who he is visiting. From the looks of things, he didn't know if he was having a meal at MLK's house or if Charlamagne tha God had placed an Uber Eats order. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: (INAUDIBLE) making sure I had it in my hand right there.UNKNOWN: Why don't you say about your passing of sports?BIDEN: You're interested in something. Why you not involved in mental health?(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: He's very involved in mental health. You can say that again after the week he said.INGRAHAM: Well, that just seems like something out of a Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm. I mean, that just, that was just a -- what? I mean, hi, I'm here. I don't get that.ARROYO: Yeah, it's so bizarre. I mean, it's random. We don't even know who these people are. We know the father is a principal of a school. But the sad truth is, Biden couldn't work for Uber Eats. Here he is picking up food for this family, which I'll talk about in a moment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You're through, Mr. President. It's been a pleasure serving you.BIDEN: All right, man.UNKNOWN: Thank you, sir.BIDEN: Keep the faith.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, it's so condescending that he would go visit a black family and bring fast food. He couldn't bring a pizza, he couldn't bring something more nourishing here, and the soul music under the package. I don't think black America is buying this. They want to see what are you doing for me and how are you improving my community, how are you keeping it safe, and what about my income and the border?INGRAHAM: All right. Raymond, just -- it's been such a rough week for all of them, all of them. Raymond, have a great week. And that's it for us tonight. Stay connected with us. And it's Jesse, next.