(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thanks to Jim Norton, Liz McDonald, Kat, Tyrus, our studio audience. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, sounds like securing the southern border is now a one-man job. After saying only Congress could end the border crisis, President Biden is now willing to go it alone, using executive action to close the border.And, you know, the poll numbers are bad when President Biden is willing to re implement the policies of President Trump.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with more on what's really behind this change of heart. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, my friend. Mr. Biden claims he has done all he can do to fix the problem.In fact, he said that repeatedly. And while critics, Trace, frankly have blasted him for saying that calling it a flat out lie. Apparently, now, the president is ready to do more after all. In fact, he says he is considering executive action to restrict the ability of migrants crossing illegally to get asylum here in the U.S.The political calculus is obviously simple. Executive action could give Mr. Biden a much-needed political win ahead of his State of the Union Address in March, especially with polling showing him well underwater with the American public when it comes to their view of his handling of the border crisis.But before you surmise that he's had a political change of heart, consider this, even though 63 percent of Americans disapprove of the situation along the border. Yesterday, Mr. Biden said the (INAUDIBLE) I got to get the word right. The existential threat to all of us is the climate.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY MACE (R-SC): We all know that, um, Joe Biden's first day in office, he turned back every good border policy of Donald Trump's by the time the sun had set. This did not happen under Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: And it gets worse from there, at least if you're at the White House, because over on Capitol Hill, even some Democrats are criticizing the president's new strategy.AOC, Alexandria Ocasio Cortes, writing on X, "Doing Trump impressions isn't how we beat Trump. Seeking asylum is a legal right of all people. In the face of authoritarian threat, we should not buckle on our principles -- we should commit to them. The mere suggestion is outrageous, and the president should refuse to sign it."The White House for its part says, and this is important, executive action alone simply cannot deliver the policy reforms that Congress can provide.But Congressional lawmakers, Trace, as you and I've talked about plenty of times, they say there are tons of laws already on the books. And it's time for the administration to follow the law that we have. Trace.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. Nothing I can do, Kevin. They got to have Congress do the whole thing.CORKE: Yes.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live in D.C. Kevin, thank you.Let's bring in axiom strategies. Erin Perrine, and POLITICO's Washington reporter, Daniel Lippman. Thank you both for coming on.Erin Perrine, to you first. Here is what Karine Jean-Pierre said just last month. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: He has done more than any prior president to secure the border and build a safe, orderly and humane immigration system. And that's what the president has been able to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So, he's done more than any president. But he just so happens to want to go back to Trump's policies that he took down his first day in office, Erin.ERIN PERRINE, AXIOM STRATEGIES: I would be shocked for Karine to actually point to anything, let alone one thing, let alone number of things that President Biden has done to secure the border. It's been very clear since day one that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris made the decision to open the southern border of the United States.They rolled back the previous administration's work to secure the border, they lambasted the Border Patrol agents for doing their jobs. And all of a sudden now that the political calculus and the countdown to November is on, they want to step up and step in and do anything to say that they have done the work.This is not because Joe Biden actually believes there's a crisis at the border.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.PERRINE: His policy position hasn't changed. What has changed is the political calculation because he knows that right now, Donald Trump is beating him by almost 30 points on who can do a better job on immigration and securing the border.GALLAGHER: Yes.PERRINE: He sees November coming. He's trying to do anything, and this still won't work.GALLAGHER: Yes.She makes a good point, you know, it was Joe Biden he was up there saying it was the Border Patrol agents that were whipping the migrants. Remember that thing? That whole false narrative? Here is President Biden in September and again in January. Dan, I'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We need our colleagues to act.BIDEN: I've done all I can do. Just give me the power. I've asked from the very day I got into office. Give me the Border Patrol. Give me the people - - give me the people, the judges. Give me the people who can stop this and make it work right.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I need Congress. Give me all of it, Dan. It just -- there is why people just don't like politics.DANIEL LIPPMAN, WASHINGTON REPORTER, POLITICO: Well, Congress does have a 15 percent approval rating. So, clearly, a lot of Americans don't think they are doing their job on anything, including the important issue of immigration.And the Biden administration does not have complete dictatorial authority to move money around. So, they had asked for $14 billion for that border supplemental. And they are -- they are not going to be able to -- they can do some executive action, but not everything on adding border security agents.The problem they face is that with these executive actions, they could well get challenged in court, and courts could strike that down, saying, hey, you have to honor asylum laws?GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes. Here is Alexandria Ocasio Cortez. Kevin touched on this, and, "Doing Trump impressions isn't how we beat Trump. Seeking asylum as a legal right of all people in the face of authoritarian threat, we should not buckle on our principles -- we should commit to them." Excuse me. "The mere suggestion is outrageous, and the President should refuse to sign it."Erin, this is really kind of don't steal Trump's playbook. And yet, the president is doing just that.PERRINE: The president is doing a limited motion toward what President Trump did. But let's be clear, President Trump was very obvious that he wanted to secure the southern border, add more agents, build the wall, add technology. That's not what Joe Biden is asking for here. He's asking for more money to be able to put more people into the United States.And this is not the same playbook here. Hur trying to say that -- saying that what Joe Biden is doing is the same as Donald Trump. They are mad, the progressives are upset right now because they know that Joe Biden is going to have to move more toward the center when it comes to immigration.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.PERRINE: -- than staying with that hardline base.Of Ocasio-Cortez really wants to get something done, she should reach across the aisle here. Here is a brilliant moment and opportunity to say we want to welcome legal lawful immigration in the United States.What are the progressive putting forward? Nothing other than rhetoric and saying, hey, we want to have an open border not have solid policy.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes, and you know, as well as I do that MSNBC and CNN will no longer let the former president speak. Right? He won't go live, they have to fact check, and they will not let what he is going to say. Hit your ears.And today, on MSNBC, Claire McCaskill said this..(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CLAIRE MCCASKILL, MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST: I move that every newspaper in America quit doing any fact checks on Joe Biden, until they fact check Donald Trump every morning on the front page.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: How dare they, Dan?LIPPMAN: Well, if they put Trump fact checks on the front page, it would always just be Trump back checks. There would be no news, people would unsubscribe from the newspaper, because we've been hearing that same fact checks. I was doing a bunch of them in 2015 on Trump. And I think the New York Times should be applauded for holding Biden accountable on some of this stuff he said on the economy.GALLAGHER: Yes.LIPPMAN: Every president misstates, and they want to buff themselves up. And so, I think that Claire McCaskill clearly is not a journalist. And so, we should be saying, hey, it's important to hold these president's feet to the fire.GALLAGHER: Yes, it is. Erin, Dan, thank you.Meantime, not only is the extremely high number of migrants crossing the southern border triggering national security concerns, but the very fact that thousands are coming from, "special interest" countries has alarm bells ringing.Matt Finn, live with brand new information directly from border authorities.Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Trace. Some of the latest numbers from ICE tonight.In fiscal year 2023, more than 335,000 Venezuelan nationals were encountered at the border, yet just 834 were removed.And in fiscal year 2023, more than 24,000 Chinese nationals were encountered at the border, but just 288 were deported drops in the bucket.The border crisis is seeing substantial shift tonight. For years, we've been reporting about migrants coming from all over the world -- illegally crossing into Texas, but now we're seeing a surge of illegal immigration right here in Southern California.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Where you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Georgia.MELUGIN: Georgia.Ma'am, where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes.MELUGIN: China, China.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: China.FINN (voice over): More than 21,000 Chinese nationals have been apprehended in the San Diego Sector so far, this fiscal year on track to shatter the record of 24,000 total Chinese nationals encountered in fiscal year 2024.And because we have such a poor relationship with China, most of them will be here to stay.BILL WELLS, MAYOR OF EL CAJON, CALIFORNIA: I came across an encampment of people, probably about 150 people there. Every one of them was Chinese migrant. I didn't see any women. I didn't see any children; it was all just young man. And yes, I think that's a real serious concern. China is not neutral with us.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN (on camera): And a New York Times report reveals there are more than 100,000 Chinese nationals here in the U.S. with final orders of removal, yet they have not been deported. Trace.GALLAGHER: Numbers keep growing. Matt Finn, Matt, thank you.Well, as rule, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" doesn't enjoy crunching numbers, but in this case, it is worth it. New York City is spending $53 million, handing out prepaid debit cards to illegal immigrants.Some families will get up to $15,200 a year to buy things at bodegas supermarkets and convenience stores.But if you read the fine print, the initial rollout is just a kick starter. Meaning, at first, you give the cards to hundreds of migrants then, thousands, then, tens of thousands and $53 million is suddenly several billion. Because remember, the flow across the southern border remains at record levels.And when they hear through social media that New York is rapidly printing debit cards, "COMMON SENSE" thinks there might be some interest.But while New York is handing out money, flexing its sanctuary status, "COMMON SENSE" wonders about the others.You know, the people who live in New York legally, they are called residents. And when the migrants get refuge, many get refuse. One in four New York City kids lives in poverty. 2 million residents are unable to afford basic necessities, including 420,000 kids."COMMON SENSE" wonders, if they want some plastic cash, or at least an explanation as to why citizenship is often overlooked.Let's bring in Harlem resident and executive director of Silent Voices United, Tiffany Fulton, and criminal defense attorney Vik Bajaj. Welcome to you both. Thank you both.One in four kids -- Tiffany, welcome to the program.TIFFANY FULTON, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, SILENT VOICES UNITED: Thank you.GALLAGHER: One in four New York City kids living in poverty. And yet, they are spending tens of millions on prepaid debit cards to the illegal immigrants. What do you think about this whole setup?FULTON: I have a problem with that. Because we have people that live right here in our country. People with families and children, and they need that help.So, for them to be giving it to illegal migrants or migrants that's coming into the country and giving out this free money, what about the people that live here in United States of America?GALLAGHER: Yes, it's a very good question. Vik Bajaj, to you now. Because, I want to play this video.A migrant who is accused -- this is body cam video, by the way. A migrant is accused of killing a Florida deputy. He is now suing the deputy's estate, claiming he had a disability or not knowing English. That was the disability here.I mean, have you -- have you heard of a case like this, Vik?Is there a case like this? Or are the lawyers just using these people to try to get a leg up on the justice system?VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Well, let me tell you how unbiased I'm going to be here. I'm a defense attorney. So, usually, I'm fighting the government against some fruitful or fruitless charges against my clients. This is throwing everything against the wall.Now, you don't have to be a citizen to have constitutional protections.GALLAGHER: Right.BAJAJ: But you still have to have a righteous claim. Now, this individual, interestingly enough, trace was just declared incompetent by the criminal court. So, the criminal case is on hold regarding the manslaughter against that officer who actually died from a cardiac arrest during this incident.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: That's on hold. But the civil case is going, perhaps, short sighted by the lawyers, because his client or their client will have to be deposed to prove that case.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: So, it will come out of the bag eventually.GALLAGHER: It really is kind of amazing.Oh, Tiffany, that there are pictures, we -- I got some pictures. And I know you toured this luxury building that is about to become a migrant shelter. And I want to put these pictures up, because this is what's about to be in the Harlem area, a migrant shelter.But more concerning -- I want to play some sound of an angry Harlem resident. Watch this and we'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We got enough shelters, we are oversaturated, in every borough thy doesn't have the same amount of shelters as we have, and every zip code, they have to come and meet us first.ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: Definitely it is. Definitely it is.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Before they even say --(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, all they are saying, Tiffany, is it's not fair.FULTON: It's totally not fair. It's totally not fair. I was one of the few hall of residents that went on that tour. And it's a beautiful location.And we have a housing project right across the street. St. Nicholas houses where they're getting ready to be relocated or displaced, because they are going under renovation.So, I did ask the mayor, and I asked all the other city officials there, instead of displacing the senior citizens or people that are disabled, if we are going to make this a (INAUDIBLE), or we're going to make this a shelter, period, why not make it for the people across the street?(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.FULTON: And that housing project of over 3,000 people, with people with disabilities and senior citizens, why not move them in there?GALLAGHER: Why not? It's very good question. Finally, Vik Bajaj, to you. foxnews.com says the following, -- quoting here, "Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is suing a Catholic non-governmental organization" -- a Catholic charity in other words, "alleging that it is encouraging illegal immigration and operating a stash house for those entering illegally.Can you sue it? Catholic charity for something like that, Vic?BAJAJ: Absolutely. A Catholic charity may not have to pay taxes, but they have to abide by the law. And if you're aiding and abetting illegal immigration, which is a serious crime in the state of Texas, where it's being enforced, not like the federal side, well, then that's still a crime that's still ripe for investigation. The answer is absolutely, yes.GALLAGHER: Yes. It's fascinating. Vik Bajaj, Tiffany Fulton, thank you both. We appreciate your time.Now, to an update on the news that brought parts of the country to a standstill. Multiple federal agencies are now partnering with AT&T to find out what caused a widespread outage knocking out tens of thousands of cell phones.Where you among them? Ashley Strohmier is live in New York City with more on the mystery we have learned about. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi Trace.Yes, a massive cellphone outage raised concerns for tens of thousands of people across multiple states earlier today. So, AT&T confirm the outage, including some customers on other networks like Verizon and T-Mobile, who attempted to call a AT&T customers.And many users reported their phones were stuck in emergency SOS mode for hours, preventing them from making calls, sending text messages or even using cellular data.Republican Marco Rubio warning on social media that the outage affecting tens of thousands of Americans pales in comparison to what a potential China cyber-attack would look like, saying, it would actually be 100 times worse, and it won't be just cell service they hit, it will be your power, your water, and your bank.The bulk of the issues were reported in major cities like Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas and Los Angeles.AT&T put out a statement that they took immediate action. And then, businesses like Krispy Kreme did whatever they could to help calm down some customers by offering free glazed doughnuts.It is still unclear what caused the widespread disruption for over 70,000 customers. And the investigation is ongoing. Although, experts say it does not appear to be a cyber-attack, customers posting on social media, however, saying they want to know what really happened and call the whole experience sort of frightening.But the good news is, Trace, service has been fully restored to all customers. But a lot of people tonight are left wondering how in the world this happened?GALLAGHER: Yes.STROHMIER: And could it happen again? you never know.GALLAGHER: I'm one of them. Ashley Strohmier, live for us in New York.Ashley, thank you.Let's bring in media and technology attorney, Matthew Belinsky. Matt, it's great to have you on here. You know, the rep from Michigan Mike Rogers, wrote the following at X, quoting here, "Today, cell phone outage should serve as a stark reminder of the cybersecurity threat that America faces every day. We must be prepared in the event that China, Russia, Iran or any of their proxies launch an attack on our critical infrastructure."I mean, he's got a point. I mean, because you look at the southern border, and all these people coming across, we have no idea where they are from. And this happens today. And we don't know if it's an attack. We don't know if it's -- if it's cyber espionage. We don't know anything about it.And it leads me to believe that we're kind of a step behind here. What do you think?MATTHEW BILINSKY, MEDIA AND TECHNOLOGY ATTORNEY: It does appear to be the case. And the only explanation I've heard so far, is what's called Cloud misconfiguration, which is an industry term for human error.So, either there was malicious intent and some sort of hostile power behind this attack, in which case, obviously, that bodes very poorly for our cybersecurity, or it just still shows how tenuous and how shaky a foundation our systems are rely on that some -- that a single point of failure that human error like that can lead to this level of outage.GALLAGHER: Yes, when you say that, should we have known earlier very quickly, Matt, and then, want move on. But should we have known earlier exactly what this was?BILINSKY: It's hard to say. It is difficult. So, this is a very shadowy world in terms of, you know, the types of technology that hostile actors use for malicious intent and cyberattacks.GALLAGHER: Right.BILINSKY: So, it's hard to stay ahead, but it's kind of like casinos using the former cheats to come in and teach them what the next version of the cheat is going to be.GALLAGHER: Fair enough. Fox Business writes the following. "Google will pause the image generation feature of its artificial intelligence tool, Gemini, after the model refused to create images of White people. Sometimes replaced White people with images of Black, Native American and Asian people.I mean, can't we just make non-woke technology, Matt, or --(CROSSTALK)BILINSKY: It doesn't appear to be the case, right? And you think that Google would have some integrity here. However, not just wouldn't create images of white people. When asked to generate images of historical figures, would not even come up with historically accurate figures that, you know, George Washington would be black or that the image of a Middle East -- mediaeval English king would be, in fact, Indian. And it does kind of speak to who is -- who is at the wheel in terms of, you know, programming these systems?GALLAGHER: Speaking of who is at the wheel. Here is a student at the University of North Georgia, who was put on academic probation. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARLEY STEVENS, STUDENT, UNIVERSITY OF NORTH GEORGIA: So, it's like, you used A.I. on your paper, you get a zero. That was it. Add Grammarly installed in my web browser. But I've only ever had like the free version of it. So, all it did was fix my punctuation and my spelling.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: She got put on academic probation, Matt, because she used Grammarly. It's like using spellcheck. It's not plagiarism by any stretch.BILINSKY: Well, aren't we -- is aren't school supposed to be teaching people how to, you know, how to give them some idea of how they're going to be operating in the real world.She is going to be using Grammarly in the real world.GALLAGHER: Right.BILINSKY: And you know, you want to all believe that, you know, worse that the students are supposed to have these skills sharpened, but she's going to be used it -- her ability to use these tools out in the real world to increase effectiveness and productivity is going to determine her success.So, shouldn't they be encouraging this as opposed to punishing her?GALLAGHER: Yes, that's exactly what I thought. Matt, great to have you on. Thank you, sir.BILINSKY: Thank you.GALLAGHER: And we are going to move on here, because -- what is this? Are we showing something live? I got it. Coming up on America's late News, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, an Amazon delivery driver hit dead on by an Amtrak train. And here it is. He is fine. He lived to tell the tale but you won't believe the rest of the video next.And later, more and more young voters are moving to the right. Evita Duffy and Clarkson Lawson will explain exactly why.And later in the "NIGHTCAP", a New York woman walks into a pet shop, kicks the animals slaps a customer, and walks out.Nobody fought back. Nobody tried to stop her. Heck, we're not even sure anybody looked up. Are you surprised? There was no reaction here?What would you have done? Let us know X and Instagram @tracegallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP". And you are looking live at the National Religious Broadcasters Convention.Let's take a quick listen as the former president just began addressing faith voters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: -- we don't want that. Our children hear enough about pronouns. What is with pronouns? If you really study it, and look at it, it's sick. It's sick.I will protect the content that is pro-God. We're going to protect pro-God context and content.To that end, at the request of the NRB, I will do my part to protect A.M. radio in our cars. You know, we like to listen to A.M. radio. Because you know what we are listening to.Millions of Americans value listening to Christian broadcasters and you're under siege. I know what you're going through. And this happened, this is a phenomenon that is just really happened.While they're on the road, we support you and we are supporting all of those believers and the people that believe in you, we're not going to abandon you. And we're not going to abandon those great people that do these incredible broadcasts. They are incredible people. They are brave people. They shouldn't have to be brave people. The smart people, they shouldn't have to be brave people. They should be nothing brave about it. But they're brave people because of this crazy government that we're developing more and more, it's a fascist government. The Biden administration wants to do major harm to you. You cannot let people vote for these people. You cannot let people vote for the Democrats, they are really wanting to change our whole system of values.Upon taking office, I will create a new federal task force on fighting anti-Christian bias. It's become a very big term. Anti-Christian bias. Not believable that you have a term like that is that when you think about it, it's like, where did that come from? And it's very, very recent phenomenon. Its mission will be to investigate all forms of illegal discrimination, harassment, and persecution against Christians in America.As president, I will once again appoint rock solid conservative judges and the (INAUDIBLE) of justices, Antonin Scalia, and the great Clarence Thomas, who is doing a phenomenal job strong.I will stand proudly with our friend and ally, the State of Israel. We will stand proudly with Israel.In our first term, I kept my promise --(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We have a brand-new video showing the moment an Amtrak train ploughed right into an Amazon delivery truck, splitting in half. Miraculously, the driver lived to tell the tale.Matt Finn back live with that part of the story. Matt.FINN: Trace, this stunning video seems like a wild Hollywood stunt, but it's real. And the driver is fortunate to be alive.The crash happened outside of Milwaukee in 2021. But the newly obtained interior video is going viral now. An Amazon delivery driver's truck is sliced in half by a train. Such a clean split that after the collision, you could see the driver still in his seat turn around to watch and wait for the train to completely pass.The driver, Alexander Evans, previously said he is deaf in his left ear and at the time of the accident, he did not initially hear the train's horn. He also claims there were no signals or warning lights that alerted him the train was coming. Evans escaped the miraculous crash unharmed. His van was shredded into two trunks. The man is fortunate to have walked away from that incident, Trace.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That is unbelievable.FINN: It is.GALLAGHER: Matt, thank you. Now, to the political preferences of young people. Young voters appear to be warming to the Republican Party. In a head-to-head matchup with President Biden, the Fox News poll shows Donald Trump getting the lion's share of support from voters under the age of 30. Let's bring in, you already saw him with a little sneak peek, Evita Duffy, Contributor to The Federalist; and Conservative Internet Personality Clarkson Lawson. Thank you both for coming on, very much appreciated.Evita, Axios writes the following, quoting here, "Old men lace up, Biden, Trump try to keep up with Gen Z and millennials. Young voters made up about 17 percent of the electorate in 2020 and were especially key for Biden, supporting the Democrats by wide margins, but this year many are unenthused by the likely Biden-Trump rematch and polls suggest the Israel- Hamas war has helped Trump slice into Biden's margin among voters 18 to 34." Is that a fair point? Do you believe that's kind of a trend you're seeing, Evita, or hearing about?EVITA DUFFY, THE FEDERALIST CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, so I think the trend is that people are moving away from Biden, not necessarily that they're supporting Trump. I think they're really disillusioned with the way that Biden has walked back his student loan from kids as he didn't walk it back. The Supreme Court didn't uphold it. And then you have the economy, which is really hurting a lot of young people.And then, of course, this war in Israel and Gaza, which young people sincerely believe is a genocide. They believe that Biden is perpetuating it on a deeper level. You just have young people feeling betrayed by the Democratic Party. They didn't want Biden in the first place. They didn't even want Hillary. They're much more radical than the Democratic establishment, and you're seeing that play out in the numbers here.GALLAGHER: It's kind of fascinating. Clarkson, here's what a young delegate told Rolling Stone, quoting here, "I understand the disconnect. I think young people are more critical of the issues that are impacting them now, and they're tired of politicians only coming around when it's election time. Oftentimes we're used as a pawn in this fight." I mean, yes, kind of the same thing, right? They don't want to be lied to.CLARKSON LAWSON, CONSERVATIVE INTERNET PERSONALITY: Well, yes, and I think that one of the main things that really motivates young voters at the ballot box is social issues. And the Democratic Party has traditionally been great at social messaging, but we're seeing the real-world implications of Democrat economic policy, and that's really where the GOP shines.So, I think when young people are now going to their job, getting out of college and realizing Uncle Sam is taking half their paycheck and now using that money to fund wars they don't support, they can't buy homes and they're struggling to make ends meet. I think that once you start to taste those real-world implications of the economic policies they used to support, those social issues become less and less important at the ballot box.GALLAGHER: Yes, you talk about social issues. Let's go on to social media here, Evita, because I'm not really a big social media guy. But, you know, my kids are, and I'm wondering, and put this up on the screen, this is a Pew poll, 93 percent of teens say they use YouTube, 63 percent of teens say they use TikTok, and I'm wondering if the social media platform matters in the way people vote. Are we noticing changes in those who use TikTok voting for one side or the other, or is it just kind of all melding together?DUFFY: Yes, I think that social media is having a huge influence on the way that we're consuming media, and not just consuming media, but also viewing the world. I think we're seeing a disavowment of normal party politics, right? On both the right and the left, they are moving away from Republicans, moving away from Democrats, and they're really starting to wake up to things like that like the deep state corruption, the UNA Party, the military industrial complex, because of the rise of social media and the way that it has taken away the gatekeeping powers that establishment media used to have.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's amazing. You know you talked about it, Clarkson, gay men speaking out against the trans movement, you said the following here and then we'll get your final response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The biggest clowns that try to talk about transitioning in trans-issues are the cis-gender and gay men that are like, as a gay man -- no, no.LAWSON: Not no, yes. If you don't want gay men to have an opinion on issues surrounding the "T" of LGBT, then take out the G. You don't get to use our sexuality to push forward an agenda without question.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: We got about 15 seconds, Clarkson, for you to kind of expound on that for me a bit.LAWSON: Well, yes, and simply put, you know, I'll preface it by saying there's nothing wrong with being transgender. I know many lovely transgender people, but there's, there's a stark difference between being transgender and being gay. Being gay is a sexuality based in biological fact. I know how to define a man because that's what I'm attracted to, whereas being transgender is an identity based in a medical diagnosis and those two things really have no business being in an alphabet together. So, that's really where the inspiration of that video came from.GALLAGHER: Clarkson, Evita, thank you both. We appreciate it. Well, as President Zelenskyy makes appeals for support around the world, a new funding package passed by the U.S. Senate is now in jeopardy in the House. This as Russia makes some gains on the ground. The Chief National Security Correspondent, Jennifer Griffin, has that story.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEG NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): The gridlock in Congress over Ukraine funding is impacting Ukraine's front lines. Ukrainian soldiers under fire from Russia's relentless bombardment, check their phones to see if Congress has agreed to send more weapons.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What will happen further? I don't know. Here I'm living day to day. I try to, that is. I don't know what's coming. We will keep working. This is our duty.GRIFFIN: This video provided by Ukraine's Defense Ministry was shot before Ukrainian soldiers withdrew under fire from the strategic gateway town of Avdiivka in Donetsk. It shows the final Ukrainian holdouts cursing Russian forces, vowing to never give up and continue fighting to save their homeland.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It doesn't end with them, the Russian army taking Avdiivka. They continue assaulting our positions. After Avdiivka, the villages nearby are next.GRIFFIN: The Pentagon and White House urging Congress to come back from recess and pass a funding bill.SABRINA SINGH, PENTAGON DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY: They don't have enough ammunition and artillery. We're not able to be able to give it to them because, frankly, of congressional inaction.JOHN KIRBY, NSC COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: We need Congress to act. We cannot just wish this money into existence. We cannot just find it under a couch cushion.GRIFFIN: Despite heavy losses on land, Ukrainian forces recently sank the large Russian amphibious assault ship Caesar Kunikov in the Black Sea using Ukrainian-made, Magura V5 sea drones. Ukraine doesn't have a Navy but it has used these little sea drones and anti-ship cruise missiles to take out one-third of Putin's Black Sea fleet. Naval warfare experts say the Pentagon is learning a lot from Ukraine's creative tactics.VICE ADM. ROBERT MURRETT (RET.), U.S. NAVY: We have used naval drones in ways that have been exceptional and not been seen in naval warfare.GRIFFIN (on camera): A bipartisan group of lawmakers led by Pennsylvania Republican Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick is working on a new $66 billion foreign aid bill that strips out humanitarian and economic aid, and provides just weapons. Many of which are only made in the U.S. Fox is told it strengthens southern border security provisions with a reinstatement of Title 42 and Remain in Mexico policies. Trace.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Fascinating. Jennifer, thank you. Let's dip back in now to President, former President Trump speaking at the National Religious Broadcast.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's a friend of mine tells me, it's so expensive and so impossible to get. So, David calls me back about five days later. He said, sir, I think we can do the building. I said, how much, David? About $490,000. I said, you've got to be kidding. I said, does that include Jerusalem stone? He said, the whole place is Jerusalem stone. We have so much Jerusalem stone in Jerusalem, we could get it cheaper than brick. So, right? That's a beautiful building.I don't think they ever have to do anything with it. I think it's beautiful. They'll probably someday knock it down and spend $3 billion to build a building that's terrible, but it's a beautiful building. So, we not only named the site and did the capital of Israel and all of those things that all other presidents failed, many, many presidents, they all campaigned on it, and then they'd never had the guts.I now realize why, though, because of the pressure from other countries. But we got it built and we got it built in about five months and it opened and it's a great fanfare and it's such a beautiful building, it really is, and it's just about all in Jerusalem stone. They even sent me a piece of Jerusalem stone with a dedication which I proudly have in my office, but under my leadership we will restore peace through strength, before I --(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, former President Trump is continuing to court people of faith speaking out the National Religious Broadcasters Convention. Let's bring in Fox News Contributor and Pastor at First Baptist Church in Dallas, Dr. Robert Jeffress; and Turning Point USA Faith Contributor, Pastor John Amanchukwu. Gentlemen, thank you both. I know you just stepped out of this and we appreciate you, you missing part of the president's speech to, to talk with us. I want to play this one soundbite. This is President Trump talking about courting the Christian vote. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Ultimately, the radical left is coming after all of us because they know that our allegiance is not to them, our allegiance is to our country, and our allegiance is to our creators.How any Christian can vote for a Democrat, Christian or a person of faith, person of faith, how you can vote for a Democrat is crazy. It's crazy. They've got to stop.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And Pastor Amanchukwu, you said, you invited President Biden, he was invited to this and failed not to show up, meaning that you think he doesn't care to court the Christian vote.PASTOR JOHN AMANCHUKWU, TURNING POINT USA FAITH CONTRIBUTOR: That's so true, he doesn't care. He didn't show up because he's not concerned about speaking to and or winning Christians, because he's anti-Christian. He has an anti-Christian bias. And that's the problem in this country. I don't understand why Christians would vote for Democrats in the first place.I agree with President Trump. It's a terrible thing. How can we support a political party that's pro-abortion? That's pro the mutilation of kids? That's pro welfare states? That's pro keeping our borders open and our families being unsafe? It's a travesty. We need more Christians to understand that we have a voice and we must speak up and we must resist the Democrat Party.GALLAGHER: Yes, and Pastor Jeffress, I mean you've kind of echoed a lot of that sentiment, but it's interesting because, you know, a lot of this fight over the past three years has been about religious freedom in this country. We talk about it all the time here and it seems to be diminishing.PASTOR ROBERT JEFFRESS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It is, and the President addressed this in more detail tonight than I've ever heard him do so, talking about establishing an anti-Christian bias commission and restoring the rights of Christians. And look, Trace, I've known President Trump for nine years. Tonight, was the most powerful pro-Christian message I have ever heard him deliver. Yes, he talked about his record of success in pro-life, pro-religious liberty, pro-Israel, but he did something I've not heard him do to this extent.He quoted something I had said about him and then he said, it's true, I am a follower of Jesus Christ, I'm proud to be a Christian. And Trace, this reminded me of what Ronald Reagan did 40 years ago when he spoke to this same group and he said, "Although you can't endorse me, I endorse you." Well, President Trump went a lot further. He not only endorsed Christians, he identified as a Christian, and I think in return Christians are endorsing him and they're going to vote for him in record numbers on November 5th.GALLAGHER: And I've got a few seconds left and Pastor Amanchukwu, I just want to get your take on the fact that, you know, President Trump was talking about you got Christians who can't stay on the sidelines.AMANCHUKWU: No, we can't stay on the sidelines. We are called to occupy until Christ comes, but we can't do that from the bleaches. We must get into the arena. And we also must embrace the derogatory term called Christian Nationalism. I embrace that term because you know, God is the one that made this nation great, you know. God is the one that gave us the authority and the powers that we have, and we should not allow the left to demonize us and cause us to relinquish our faith and not hold to the cross.GALLAGHER: Pastor Jeffress, about 15 seconds.JEFFRESS: I couldn't agree more than what the pastor said, and it's a Christian right, but it's a Christian responsibility to vote your convictions. Not Democrat, Republican convictions, but biblical convictions, and I think Christians are going to do that.GALLAGHER: Pastor Jeffress, Pastor John, thank you both. We appreciate your time.Coming up, you're in a pet store. One customer begins kicking cages, slaps a woman across the face. So, do you fight back? Do you turn away? Are you surprised? Because that's exactly what people did. The "NIGHTCAP" will take this up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Vik Bajaj, Matt Bielinski, and Evita Duffy. Tonight's topic, costly observation. New York woman walks into a pet shop and she starts kicking cages. She slaps a woman across the face. Customers didn't do a thing. Nobody stopped her. Are you surprised? And what would you have done, Vik Bajaj, if that was you in a pet store?BAJAJ: If it was me, I don't want to say what I would have done, but I would abide by the law. That's why everyone in there was so scared, because if they intervene, they're a defendant in a criminal case or a civil defendant.GALLAGHER: So, you can't intervene?BAJAJ: It's paralysis by analysis. I think you should, but under the law, you just can't.GALLAGHER: Matt Bielinski.BIELINSKI: It matters how much you've been observing recent modern America, right? The last few years, people who are interfering, Good Samaritans, have not been treated well. That wasn't always the case. So, unfortunately, if you've been paying attention you probably don't intervene.GALLAGHER: Matt Finn, quick answers, we're low in time.FINN: I agree with both these guys.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke.CORKE: She get popped if it was me.GALLAGHER: Yes. Evita Duffy?DUFFY: Yes, I would have wanted a brave strong man to step in and help out, that's what I would want it but it's not going to happen because like everybody else that, we punish do-gooders in this country now.GALLAGHER: Yes. Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: Yes, I would have slapped her back.GALLAGHER: Yes, me too Ashley. I'm with you. Are you surprised no one stepped in? Yes, 29 percent. Instagram, yes, 41 percent.Bill Bibbins, "I would have clocked her!" Right?Mary Loedding, "Someone messes with puppies, you bet I'd go all John Wick."CORKE: That's right.GALLAGHER: Chris Orlando, "In this case, it's a no-brainer, you got to step in and help."Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP." Thank you all for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. See you back here tomorrow night.