JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. The brand, Coperni has partnered with NASA to unveil a new purses suite that is made out of 99 percent air, one percent glass. It weighs as much as a light bulb, can withstand extreme heat and pressure 4,000 times its weight.That's it for us. Have a great night. Hi!BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Judge, you got it all in.Happy Birthday, Jessica. OK. Have a good weekend.PIRRO: (INAUDIBLE).BAIER: Good evening, I'm Bret Baier. Breaking tonight, President Biden begins to campaign swing following last night's State of the Union address. He's actually speaking at this campaign event in Pennsylvania in Wallingford. Let's listen in for a couple of minutes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: That that little outfit that sets interest rates, it's going to come down. It's going to come down.For folks, we're cracking down on big landlords your breakdown and trust laws by price fixing and driving up rents. Now, Congress needs to pass my plan to build and renovate 2 million affordable homes and apartments and bring those rents down.And, by the way, all of my Republican friends, that's caused a lot of money raising the deficit. Guess what? We cut the deficit, it cut the deficit. $1 trillion. Last guy ballooned the deficit. We passed a budget deal that will cut another trillion dollars over the next decade. I kept trying to get out of it. But they finally agreed. And now, it's my goal to cut the federal deficit by 3 billion more or 3 trillion more by making big corporations very wealthy.And I'm a capitalist by the way. You can go make a million bucks and make a billion -- good for you. But pay your taxes.We have a thousand of billionaires in America -- a thousand. Guess how much their -- what their tax rate is? 8.3 percent. Anybody want to change the tax rate with them? I'm saying, think about that. 8.3 percent. Billionaire. Donald Trump, are you sure he'll do?Look, Donald Trump ignite -- enacted a $2 trillion tax cut when he was president, overwhelming they benefited the very wealthy, and exploded the federal deficit. Exploded.We cut the deficit. And we added more to the national debt than any president in his term in all of history. And under Donald Trump, these guys talk about -- too many corporations raise their prices and pad the profits charging you more and more for less and less.That's why we're cracking down on corporations engaged in price gouging and deceptive pricing. Looks like the companies that you wouldn't notice. They thought you wouldn't notice but you know, if your -- you given the same size bag of potato chips, about 20 percent fewer potato chips.No. By the way, it's not a joke. Somebody may see there was a T.V. thing on how snickers bar.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: But different presentation today in Pennsylvania. He has used that line about cutting the deficit by a trillion dollars, many times. Some of that is tied to the COVID calculations, and we've done fact checks on that particular fact before.We'll monitor this for more news from this. This is the first speech post State of the Union. He is hoping for a post speech bump in the polls. Today, we did receive some good economic news as he sets out to try to convince voters things are not as bad as they may feel at kitchen tables around the country.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich is traveling with the president in Pennsylvania tonight. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening to you, Bret.Out the gate President Biden hit Donald Trump as a threat to American freedoms before pivoting to his remarks on the economy. These campaign events and press interactions the president has around them might be the most that we hear from the president for a while.Today, he was non-committal about debating former President Trump in the general election saying it depends on how Trump behaves.In the meantime, President Biden is playing up what he sees as his biggest successes in a bid for another four years.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voice-over): After declaring he achieved a soft economic landing in his State of the Union address, today's healthy jobs report gives President Biden another data point to hold up in the campaign blitz. 275,000 jobs added in February, with unemployment ticking up to 3.9 percent. Increasing likelihood the Federal Reserve cuts interest rates in June. Biden blames corporate greed for high prices driving his poor economic polling.AUSTAN GOOLSBEE, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF CHICAGO: It's not realistic to expect that we would get the in the price level back to what it was pre-COVID.Then, you'd really have to have a massive recession in the economy to try to drive the prices down.HEINRICH: Still, critics say the economy's strength is driven by government spending. What's really disturbing is how much of this growth in jobs is in the public sector, or subsidized by the public sector. Basically, you've got an economy on speed, not an economy with healthy growth.HEINRICH: Biden making his case for another four years just outside Philadelphia, after rare off the cuff comments got him in hot water twice. Biden not taking it back after Democrats denounced his acknowledgement Laken Riley was killed by "an illegal".REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): He use the word undocumented. I don't believe that the president's heart is with the word illegal.BIDEN: Well, probably. I don't regret it. Technically, he's not supposed to be here.HEINRICH (voice-over): And after this hot mic moment.BIDEN: I told Bibi, don't repeat this, you and I are going to have a come to Jesus meeting.I'm on a hot mic here. Good.HEINRICH (voice-over): Biden reluctantly owning up.BIDEN: I didn't say that in the speech.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: After the speech.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What about after the speech?BIDEN: You guys eavesdropping on things.HEINRICH (voice-over): Biden says Israel needs to do more to mitigate Palestinian plight. The U.S. military air dropping more than 11,000 meals into Gaza today, after announcing plans to build a seaport to facilitate shipments.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH: Behind President Biden's public response, the administration has been quietly surging arms to Israel, more than 100 sales since the war began, keeping each of them below the threshold required to notify Congress as progressives within his base have ratcheted up criticism over his support for the war.Tonight, the president also said the chances for a ceasefire by Ramadan are looking slim. Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich in Pennsylvania. Jacqui, thank you.Former President Donald Trump is exerting new control over the GOP tonight. His picks to run the party are now in place.Correspondent Bryan Llenas has details tonight from Palm Beach, Florida.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): Tonight, former President Donald Trump, consolidating power over the Republican National Committee after the RNC unanimously confirmed Trump's daughter-in-law Lara Trump.LARA TRUMP, NEWLY-ELECTED CO-CHAIR, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: This is where I want to be.LLENAS: And Trump ally, North Carolina GOP chair, Michael Whatley, as co- chair and chair of the national organization. The move comes amid concerns about whether RNC money could be used to pay the former president's legal bills.A resolution to formally ban Trump from spending RNC money on legal fees never saw a vote. Republicans instead take Trump at his word.HENRY BARBOUR, GOP COMMITTEE MEMBER: The Trump campaign has confirmed that indeed, they have no plans to spend any RNC dollars on it, and we'll not do it. And we appreciate that very much.LLENAS: Today, Trump posted a $91.6 million bond, while he appeals a New York jury's verdict that awarded more than $83 million to writer, E. Jean Carroll. Trump faces $540 million in legal payouts and millions more in legal fees, ahead of what's said to be the most expensive general election ever.The Biden campaign has twice as much cash on hand as Trump and announced record breaking fundraising numbers during last night's State of the Union.Trump reacted to Biden's speech telling Fox Digital: "He was angry, mentally disturbed, and misrepresenting a lot of the facts concerning almost every subject he discussed."While Trump and Biden are set to continue trading blows, tomorrow at dueling campaign rallies in Georgia, independent candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. offered voters an alternative last night.ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: They are ready to vote for something, and for someone they like, for someone who represents hope and healing. For someone with an inspiring vision for America's future.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): Here in Florida, Trump is meeting with Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban at Mar-a-Lago. Orban endorsed Trump for president, calling him, the only serious chance to end the war in Ukraine.The Biden campaign blasting the meeting calling Orban a dictator despite the fact that he's the democratically elected leader of a NATO ally. Bret?BAIER: Bryan Llenas in Palm Beach, Brian, thanks.The defense department says UFOs are not from other worlds. It's the latest report that Congress mandated attempts to quiet the growing conversation about the government supposedly knowing a lot more about this subject that it -- than it's telling all of us.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram is on Capitol Hill tonight with the latest on this. What about it, Chad?CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. The Pentagon says unknown aircraft are not from the great unknown. The military says some unidentified aerial phenomena or UAPs are adjust that unidentified, not from outer space.The defense department undercut whistleblower assertions that the U.S. has the remains of a spaceship. The report acknowledged that the Pentagon started top secret programs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAJ. GEN. PATRICK RYDER, PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: What we found is that claims of hidden programs are largely the result of circular reporting by a small group, repeating what they heard from others. And that many people have sincerely misinterpreted real events or mistaken sensitive U.S. programs as UAP or being extra-terrestrial exploitation.PERGRAM (voice-over): Congress mandated the study The Pentagon says it has nothing to hide. But at one point, considered a plan to reverse engineer a possible extra-terrestrial craft, not even telling Congress. That's why some numbers are not sold on the report.SEN. CYNTHIA LUMMIS (R-WY): The more they say there is nothing to see here. But they will perhaps lay out all the information, the more we think there is probably something to see here.PERGRAM (voice-over): Virginia Democrat Tim Kaine says he has no reason to question the report, but understands why people are skeptical.SEN. TIM KAINE (D-VA): if you don't give people a clear answer, and sometimes, the clearest answer you can give is, I don't know, some will be suspicious of that.PERGRAM: Some members say the Pentagon doesn't want to know where UAPs come from.SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): But when you have things on a video that were confronted by our ace pilots, that they don't I've never seen anything like this, well, when we want to find out what that was --(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM: The report says it's easier to send around misinformation, and that reinforces beliefs about UAPs. Bret?BAIER: We're still going to follow it. Chad, thank you.We have new information tonight on the rash of illegal immigrants being arrested for violent crimes. The latest example, a migrant from Mexico detained in Virginia in connection to the abduction and sexual assault of a teenage girl.Here is correspondent Alexandria Hoff.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)RICHARD JONES, SHERIFF, BUTLER COUNTY, OHIO: We have no idea where these people are, what they are doing, then, they disappear, and it's destroying us.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): Roughly 1,500 miles from the U.S. Mexico border, Butler County, Ohio Sheriff Richard Jones was hell bent on tracking down a Mexican national.A tip came in at 43-year-old Isauro Garcia Cruz was allegedly sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl.JONES: The hunt was on. And that's what we do, we're the police.HOFF (voice-over): That hunt led to Forrest, Virginia where the two were found this week.Cruz was charged with abduction and various sex crimes involving a minor.Investigators are also looking to possible human trafficking because, like Cruz, the victim entered the U.S. illegally.Authorities say she had been placed in the care of a sponsor who happened to be Cruz's undocumented girlfriend. But the Health and Human Services Department, Ohio immigration attorney Charleston Wang says he is baffled by this case.CHARLESTON WANG, IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY, OHIO: They are a Washington, D.C. based federal agency. They are not boots on the ground, so to speak in this area of child protection.HOFF (voice-over): Last year alone, HHS released more than 113,000 unaccompanied minors to sponsors. the Office of Refugee Resettlement states, "Sponsors are adults who are suitable to provide for the child's physical and mental well-being and have not engaged in any activity that would indicate a potential risk to the child."But Sheriff Jones questions how accurate background checks are when sponsors and their housemates are also undocumented. He is working now to get Cruz back to Ohio.JONES: He is going to taste our prison system, and he is not going to like it.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOFF (on camera): We did reach out to HHS to find out if sponsors are required to be lawful U.S. residents. And if not, how many are undocumented? We so far have not heard back. Bret.BAIER: Alex, thank you.Chip stocks sent the markets down today. The Dow lost 69. The S&P 500 finished off 34. The NASDAQ was down 188.For the week, the Dow was down about one percentage point. The S&P 500 was off a quarter. The NASDAQ lost one and a sixth.Up next, things are getting serious in No Labels effort to come up with a unity presidential ticket. We'll have the very latest. We'll talk live to one of the leaders of that movement.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think another Biden Trump rematch would probably be easy game for Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did you vote for Donald Trump in 2020?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I did not.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You voted for Joe Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I did. That was a bad vote too.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is getting to be ridiculous. All our candidates are in there 80s, they're going to be in their 80s (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: As much as I love Joe Biden, he's 81 years old, and I will vote for anyone except Trump. I'd even vote for a dog versus Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, it's some voters who just don't want to vote for either of the main candidates. We are now setting the table here, but we're going to talk about the movement to try to come up with a bipartisan unity ticket for the November elections. The No Labels group voted to continue its efforts during a virtual convention today.Joining us tonight, Mike Rawlings, former mayor of Dallas, currently the national convention chair for No Labels. Mike, thanks for being here.Politico rights it this way, No Labels delegates vote to move forward with presidential ticket, an official with the group acknowledged during the gathering details of which was shared with Politico that they currently do not have a candidate and may not find one.So, where is this going? You're going forward, but you don't know if you're going to get a candidate?MIKE RAWLINGS, NATIONAL CONVENTION CHAIR, NO LABELS: Well, look, this has been a process that we've been working on for some time. Really, we've got active about five months ago, we talked to delegates across our 50 states, we built a great grassroots organization.And literally, I've interviewed every one of them about what we wanted as a -- in a candidate. What are the policies we have to deal with? What does a unity ticket look like?Today, we had a very special moment, if you love grassroots politics, and how de Tocqueville talked about the greatness of America, they raised up and said, yes, let's go. Let's get it going.And so, we are now in the process of getting to the final lap of who these candidates are going to be. And then we'll take it back. And we'll make that decision.BAIER: Yes, so I've had you guys on the panel in D.C., I've had you all -- we followed it all along. And we've talked about if it was President Biden versus former President Trump, that's where this would be activated. Now you have this vote today.But you also have a number of high-profile politicians who've already said no. You've said -- you've had Nikki Haley and Joe Manchin. Governor Hogan from Maryland Kyrsten Sinema. You're running out of possible unity candidates, aren't you?RAWLINGS: Well, there are a lot of folks out there, I will say that those folks have got to speak for themselves. We never spoke about did we want them or how we wanted them. So, let them speak for themselves.Look, Bret, we need someone special. You've got to have the courage to step up and break the system. That's hard. That's very tough for a lot of folks.And second, you've got to have the humility to be able to reach across the aisle and create bipartisanship effort to solve these commonsense problems that we have. Those people are few and far between. And that's what we're going to be working on in the next couple of weeks.BAIER: 1992, the most successful independent candidate Ross Perot, in July of that year, suspends his campaign. Here's what he said at that moment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROSS PEROT, BUSINESSMAN: Throughout this effort, we have said repeatedly that our objective is to improve our country, not disrupt the political process. This probe would obviously put it in the House of Representatives and be disruptive to the country. If we can only be disruptive, we don't want to do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: But he went on to get back into that race in 1992 in October, he was a part of the debates with Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush, and eventually got 19 percent of the vote. And the H.W. Bush folks will tell you, that's why they lost, and it was disruptive. Is this potentially what No Labels is going to do?RAWLINGS: Well, first of all, the facts show that he drew equally from Democrats and Republicans if you go back to those exit polls.But we agree with fellow Dallasites here, that we want to make sure that there's a pathway to the White House, not to be a spoiler. We have no intention there.We're trying to stand up for this commonsense majority that says, this is broken, there's got to be another way. And that's what America is screaming right now. And so that's what we're looking for.BAIER: And last thing, Mike, what's your timeline? When would somebody know whether you all have found two candidates, Republican or Democrat, a Democrat, Republican, however goes.RAWLINGS: Well, first of all, next week is going to be an important week, we're going to kind of release the process, so everybody will know exactly how we're moving forward and how those decisions are being made. That's a question that a lot of people have.Then after March 14th, we'll probably be deciding whether we've got a ticket or not, and then take it back to the convention.The latest would be the first couple of weeks in April. So, it's going to be coming. This is what we said we'd do. We said we wouldn't do anything till Super Tuesday. We would come back to our delegates a Super Tuesday, and then we would go through this process.So, now we is -- what's happened is what we thought would happen. And now we've got to kind of play our cards in this thing.BAIER: OK, Mike, we appreciate the time, come back when that next week starts.RAWLINGS: Thank you.BAIER: Up next, Fox News Senior Strategic Analyst General Jack Keane take on President Biden's talk on Russia, Putin, Israel from the State of the Union.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Putin of Russia is on the march, invading Ukraine and sowing chaos throughout Europe and beyond. If anybody in this room thinks Putin will stop with Ukraine, I assure you he will not.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: Ukraine can stop Putin if we stand with Ukraine and provide the weapons.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: My message to President Putin, who I have known for a long time, is simple -- we will not walk away.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: President Biden actually starting the State of the Union on Russia, Ukraine. He made it pretty clear last night he is still trying to get more money for more aid to Ukraine. He said in the State of the Union address that Vladimir Putin will not stop there. The president also had a comment about his relationship with Israel's leader in a hot mic moment.Let's bring FOX News senior strategic analyst, retired General Jack Keane. General, thanks for being here. What was your takeaway from the State of the Union on the foreign policy front specifically?GEN. JACK KEANE (RET), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Overall, I thought, like many, the speech was largely political and dealt with contrasting his views with his opponent. But nonetheless, I was surprised that foreign policy was upfront, and specifically Ukraine. I just thought he lost an opportunity to go just a little further to explain to the American people a little bit more about our interests here in Ukraine. By that I mean, if Russia topples Ukraine, as the president mentioned, they will expand. What does that mean? They will likely go into Europe, eastern Europe, NATO countries, because they have said that as much as the last 48 hours.And to do that, what must we do? We have to put into the European theater, Bret, more troops, more ships, and more airplanes that we would rather have in the Indo-Pacific region attempting to contain China.And the other thing is that he had a huge opportunity to explain to the American people something that is not well understood, that the money for the military equipment that we are providing to Ukraine, what it actually is, is we provide them weapons and munitions out of our legacy stock that we have on hand. And then we buyback with that money that we're talking about from our defense industry brand new to replace those stocks. And that is not very well understood. So, that is essential point I think lost opportunity by the president.BAIER: I know we have seen the humanitarian aid, the U.S. aid drops into Gaza. That has been happening in recent days. Now there is talk about building a port, using U.S. military personnel to build a port in Gaza to provide more aid as he is calling for a cease-fire there. What about the prospect of using the U.S. military to do that?KEANE: Yes, this is a bit strange in my view. I think the opportunity here to use the land to transport seems to be a much better option. Now, can we secure it better than with we have seen in that last fiasco where people were killed as a result of 30 trucks coming into Gaza? I suspect so. That's a much better option than trying to put together a port which will also, obviously, have potential for our soldiers who are doing that -- I commanded 18th Airborne Corps, and strangely not well-known, the Army owns that capability in 18th Airborne Corps to put that port together. And that would put them at risk. I think there are better land options, and let's make the land options work.And look, what is really outrageous here and has been for a long time, Bret, is that the Egyptians can clearly set up U.N. refugee camps outside of Rafah, outside the Gaza-Israeli border there, and take care of the people there. They refuse to do it. They have got their reasons, security, et cetera. But there's no international pressure on them to do it. Look what Turkey did with millions and millions of Syrians. Quite remarkable. And yet, here we are. And, go ahead --BAIER: Last thing, this hot mic moment is just interesting. He spent a lot of time in the House chamber, didn't leave for about 20, 30 minutes. One of the moments was right here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MICHAEL BENNET, (D-CO): We've got to keep pushing, which you are doing, on the humanitarian stuff. All that stuff is so important.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I told them, Bibi -- and don't repeat this -- but you and I are going to have a come-to-Jesus meeting.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: You saw the aid come up and said we have got to stop this. The fact that he said he needs to have a come-to-Jesus meeting with the leader of the Jewish state is quite something. But, clearly, the relationship between Bibi Netanyahu and President Biden is strained.KEANE: Yes, there is no doubt about it. Look, what has to take place here, and the American people have to understand, this is an existential threat that Hamas has posed to the Israeli people, clearly backed by what the Iranians have been doing as they've operationalized all of their proxies in somewhat regional support for what's taken place.And this existential threat is about trying to create a situation where the Israelis feel so insecure because of the potential Hamas threat that they don't want to live there anymore. So, if Hamas is permitted to live on with the four to six battalions that are still effective, and we just put pressure on Netanyahu not to do that because we're trying to get hostages back and humanitarian assistance, those are certainly worthy objectives. But the most important objective has got to be the destruction of Hamas and those four to six battalions, plus their principle leaders who they haven't killed or captured. If they don't do that, Bret, then Hamas lives again, reattacks, and we are restarting this scenario all over again with the Israeli people feeling fundamentally less secure and putting the state's future at risk.BAIER: With the help of Iran directly. General, as always --KEANE: Absolutely.BAIER: -- thank you.KEANE: Take care, Bret.BAIER: Up next, Miami Beach breaking up with spring break. We'll take you there, live.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: It's Spring break time. Miami Beach officials are now cracking down on spring breakers. Not everyone is happy about it. One county commissioner says the city is targeting black visitors. Correspondent Danamarie McNicholl is in Miami tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Florida is making it very clear.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This isn't working anymore.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And it's not us. It's you.MCNICHOLL: They are breaking up with spring break. Last year's chaos drew large crowds that led to violence. Two people were fatally shot. Police made over 500 arrests and confiscated more than 100 guns.GOV. RON DESANTIS, (R) FLORIDA: We're a law-and-order state. Florida is a very welcoming state. We welcome people to come and have a good time. What we don't welcome is criminal activity.MCNICHOLL: Visitors can expect curfews, bag checks, restricted beach access, DUI checkpoints, and $100 parking fees with strong police activity to stop the violence and lawlessness they saw last year. Not everyone is on board. A Miami-Dade County commissioner called the city's message tone deaf, implying Miami Beach was targeting black visitors and trying to make it difficult for them to visit.KEON HARDEMON, MIAMI-DADE COUNTY COMMISSIONER: Miami Beach is, to me, making itself out to be a place that is unwelcoming to a complete group of people during a certain time without regard to individuals.MCNICHOLL: Officials in Miami say this crackdown is against crime, not visitors.OFFICER CHRISTOPHER BESS, MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA, POLICE: We police conduct not color. So if you decide to come to our city, we expect you to act accordingly.MCNICHOLL: But some visitors say they aren't going to sit this year out.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Honestly, I think breaking up with spring break is pretty lame. Fort Lauderdale is jumping. It's really lit.(END VIDEO TAPE)MCNICHOLL (on camera): And I'm right now on Ocean Drive. This time last year it would have been packed on a Friday night. Now, relatively quiet. The beach is the same, mostly families. Some of those spring breakers I spoke to say if it remains calm, they are heading up north to Fort Lauderdale, Bret.BAIER: Danamarie, thank you so much.It has been 10 years since the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 with 239 people on board. Remember that? Multiple search efforts have been unsuccessful. In tonight's whatever happened to segment, senior foreign affairs correspondent Greg Palkot tells us there may be new hope for some answers.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: Ten years ago today, Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 on board took off from Kuala Lumpur. After 30 minutes it wasn't heard from again.RICHARD GODFREY, AEROSPACE ENGINEER: I think it is certainly greatest mystery of modern aviation.PALKOT: The plane heading for China veered off course, its telemetry shut down. Only satellite signals tracked it to the southern Indian Ocean where it vanished. Those in Beijing could only wonder, including Michigan native Sarah Bajc, waiting for a Texas boyfriend Philip Wood.SARAH BAJC, MH370 PASSENGER PARTNER: It was like, how can this happen? How is it possible.PALKOT: The disappearance triggering a massive multinational air, sea, and underwater search, which has come up with little, except for a few pieces of plane found on distant shores.Chinese family members of those on board protested today in front of the Malaysian embassy in Beijing, demanding a new investigation as crash theories still rage from huge mechanical fault to pilot foul play to political conspiracy. There are signs of a new hunt.ANWAR IBRAHIM, MALAYSIAN PRIME MINISTER: I'm inclined to support the opening of an investigation of MH370.PALKOT: A Texas marine firm which looked once says it has new underwater gear and wants another try. And specialists have a new way to use radio waves to potentially track the plane's path.GODFREY: I think it will take just one more search, and as long as we look in the right places, then we will find it.PALKOT: Good news for those still grieving, including Bajc, now looking for peace at her Panama resort.BAJC: We all want resolution. Leaving it hanging open is like the wound can never totally heal.(END VIDEO TAPE)PALKOT (on camera): And for investigators, it's not just answers to the crash they are looking for but ways to make flying safer overall. Bret?BAIER: Greg Palkot in London. Greg, thanks.Up next, the panel State recaps the State of the Union, Republican response, the way forward from here. Plus, Winners and Losers, and later, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: All Americans deserve the freedom to be safe, and America is safer today than when I took office.SEN. KATIE BRITT, (R-AL): President Biden's weakness isn't just hurting families here at home. He is making us a punchline on the world stage.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: This speech showed that America is strong and Joe Biden is strong.SEN. TED CRUZ, (R-TX): The entire evening reminded me of an angry old man standing on his front porch screaming at the kids, get off my lawn!(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: well, very different takes about the State of the Union address, The Republican response. Democrats very happy today in a lot of the post-speech analysis. "The Wall Street Journal" writes it this way, the editorial board, "Biden's partisan state of disunion. His address was one long divisive pep rally for Democrats, goading Republicans throughout the speech, and targeting multiple and various villains for partisan attacks. It really was extraordinary. Most such speeches make at least an attempt at reaching across the aisle if only as a gesture. This one had none."Let's bring in our panel, Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner," Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," and Jeff Mason, White House correspondent for Reuters.Byron, there was a coming together at the end where he talked about optimism and getting things done. But for the most part, this was the most political State of the Union address anybody can remember.BYRON YORK, CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT, "THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER": Absolutely. And there were a number of Republicans who knew it was going to be partisan, but they were hoping that the president could just throw them a few things that they could actually stand up and applaud for along with Democrats and at least give this illusion of bipartisan. They just really didn't get it.But I do think that Biden really had two big goals, and he accomplished them both. One was to attack this guy called the predecessor, and he went after former President Trump more than a dozen times. And the other was to neutralize the age issue. And Democrats seem to think that he did on the grounds that if you yell a lot people will think you're younger. But Democrats seem to be very happy with it. I don't think it's going to make any long-term changes in the dynamics of the race.BAIER: Jeff, what was it, giddiness at the White House today? What was the reaction?JEFF MASON, WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT, "REUTERS": Oh, I think they were very pleased. I think Byron laid it out well in terms of the stakes for President Biden. He wanted to go in there and deliver an argument for reelection, which he did. And he wanted to dispel the concerns about his age, which he did. I mean, he used his voice -- he spoke loudly for sure, as Byron says. But he also thought on his feet and showed that he could think on his feet, and bantered with people in the crowd, bantered back and forth with Republicans and with Democrats. And I think that was the signal that the White House was hoping he would send, and they were pretty pleased that he did.BAIER: Yes, and what do you think, Mollie? Obviously, they are very happy that he was fiery and fighting. But that raises questions. If that's the case, and that did happen, will he be debating? Number one. Two, he is confident and capable. Will the DOJ apply another standard for him standing trial for having classified top secret documents after that Special Counsel Hur writing up the way he did? That's how Republicans, I think, are looking at that last night. What do you think?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, EDITOR IN CHIEF, "THE FEDERALIST": Well, just first off, it was supposed to be a State of the Union address. And I think Republicans were looking for an assessment of the state of the union. You said it was fiery. It was really angry and full of a lot of opprobrium toward half of the country. And it was something that did shore up his base of support among the Democrat party.But it is kind of alarming for Democrats that the incumbent president needs to shore up his leftwing base in order to proceed with this campaign. That is something of a sign of weakness. But he talked in the debate last night about how he is not a president of revenge and retaliation. At the same time, his Department of Justice is, in fact, engaging in efforts to imprison or bankrupt his top political opponent, or his predecessor as he called him throughout the night.There's a crisis of confidence among Americans with President Biden. They feel the country is broken. And I think they are worried not just about him but about a lot of leaders, that they are not taking the challenges that the country is facing as seriously as they should. And last night might have convinced them to keep with Biden, but I don't think it addresses those underlying issues.BAIER: We started this show, we dipped into that speech in Pennsylvania, first campaign stop, Byron. This is something the president said, and I wanted to get back to it and fact-check it. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I have been delivering real results in fiscally responsible ways. We have already cut the federal deficit -- we have already cut the federal deficit over $1 trillion.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK, so he said that in Pennsylvania as well. If you look at it, the federal deficit, this is from the Committee for Responsible Budget, COVID- related spending fell by nearly $1.5 trillion between 2021 and 2022. It fell even further in 2023, while deficits grew relative to 2022. So the deficit in 2023 was nearly twice as large as before the pandemic. He counts that as the administration cutting the deficit by $1 trillion. And it's all tied to the money surrounding COVID.YORK: Yes. Well, he is going to keep saying it anyway. A number of fact checks today actually went one step beyond what you were just explaining about the COVID to say that President Biden's actual initiatives and accomplishments actually increased the deficit during that period. So, he is entirely wrong when he says that, but I would not look for him to stop saying that.BAIER: Yes. And Jeff, what is the kind of the playbook now? Is there -- will there be a lot of travel around the country delivering the State of the Union message? Do you think he's got the same vigor to do that, this campaign being different than the last?MASON: I think there will be a lot of travel, absolutely, Bret. And I think he has shown that he has got the vigor to do travel. He travels all the time. He didn't have to travel in 2020 for different reasons. But I travel with him. The White House press corps travels with him. We would love to have more opportunities to talk to him when he travels. But he is out there and just this next week he has got several trips coming up, and I think that's what the spring will look like and the fall.BAIER: And quickly, Mollie, the table is set now. You have the two major candidates. How do you see it? We've got a long eight months.HEMINGWAY: It's finally decided even if this is what people thought would be happening for several months. But it is this unique situation where you have not seen this in recent past of being able to compare two presidencies side by side, and people can decide, did they like the economy, foreign policy, work on the border under Trump, or do they like it under Biden? And it's a rare opportunity for Americans to make that choice.BAIER: All right, panel, have a great weekend.It is Friday, and it's time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If I were smart, I'd go home now.TREY GOWDY, FORMER SOUTH CAROLINA REPRESENTATIVE: People are going to be watching to see whether or not members are vaping or getting handsy with a seat mate.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My mother will be watching so I will be behaving myself.BIDEN: I have been told I was too young.SEN. KATIE BRITT, (R-AL): -- who has actually been in office for longer than I have been alive.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know if an old white guy can come out and say he is not an old white guy.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES, (D-NY) HOUSE MINORITY LEADER: Smoking Joe Biden was on fire. He was lit.BIDEN: The biggest increase in history.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Remember Abbey Gate! U.S. Marines.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He lost his child at Abbey Gate. I would never call him a heckler.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: What's the feeling on the border?GOV. GREG ABBOTT, (R) TEXAS: The level of frustration by the Border Patrol is extraordinarily high.BIDEN: Lincoln -- Lincoln riley.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We must now turn our focus to doing everything we can to prevent this from happening to another American.NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The time has now come to suspend my campaign.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We congratulate Jason Palmer on his win last night.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: These earmarks are, you know, it's like cocaine. It's addictive. It's cocaine for politicians.BRITT: You are probably disgusted by most of what you see going on in Washington.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: One week. Remember Super Tuesday? Yes, that was earlier this week.Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, we talk national security with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Turner and Ranking Member Jim Himes, "Common Ground" there.Please join Shannon Bream for FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guest, you just saw her, Alabama Senator Katie Britt, Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, and former professional football player Tim Tebow.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and all this week. It's been a busy week. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced and still unafraid. Make it a great weekend. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.