ADAM HUNTER, COMEDIAN: May 9th to the 12th I'm at the House of Comedy in Scottsdale, Arizona.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Ooh, fun. The dirty at 12:30.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Going to create gold stomping grounds.GUTFELD: Yes. All right. Thanks to Kevin O'Leary, Adam Hunter, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, top generals now testifying that warnings were ignored, decisions were delayed, and the Afghanistan pull out was a strategic failure. The generals also say it's unclear how many Americans were left behind because they don't know how many Americans were there to begin with. And President Biden who has always refused to accept blame is once again pointing fingers.Jeff Paul is live with more on what the generals had to say and what the administration is now saying. Jeff, good evening.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS WEST COAST CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. And these were two top generals who oversaw the evacuation of Afghanistan back in 2021. And they both told lawmakers during their testimony that it was all poorly planned, Ill-timed, unorganized, and really was the Biden administration's fault for the chaotic exit. Now retired former Joint Chiefs chairman, Gen. Mark Milley and U.S. Central Command General Frank McKenzie told the House Foreign Affairs Committee not only was the evacuation inadequately planned, but it wasn't ordered in time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. MARK KILLEY (RET.), FORMER JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF CHAIRMAN: The fundamental mistake, fundamental flaw was the timing of the State Department.GEN. KENNETH MCKENZIE (RET.), FORMER CENTCOM COMMANDER: It's one thing to have the plan is the second thing to do the actual coordination on the plan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And that was too little too late.MCKENZIE: It was my judgment that it was far too little, far too late.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: Milley and McKenzie insisted while the U.S. military told the Biden administration to keep at least 2500 service members on the ground to keep order, that didn't happen. They also pointed out the State Department didn't move fast enough to evacuate those who needed to get out. As a result, we saw thousands of Afghans and American citizens crowding U.S. military planes in a desperate attempt to escape the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLEY: Now, I'll be candid, I don't know the exact number of Americans that were left behind because the starting number was never clear.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, in no instance. Do we ever fully know what Americans are on the ground in any situation? Is that correct?MILLEY: That's 100 percent correct. And you'll see it playing out today in Haiti.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: Now in the final days of the withdrawal, 13 U.S. service members were killed by a suicide bomber at Kabul airports Abbey Gate. Kareem Nikoui was just one of those soldiers killed. You might remember his father Steven Nikoui interrupted President Biden during the State of the Union about two weeks ago, shouting both his son's name and Abbey Gate. Well, Steven Nikoui was arrested that night and later charged.But we are learning tonight, Trace, the D.C. Attorney General has dropped charges telling Fox they decided not to prosecute this case, just as they have in cases of protesters in the past. Trace?GALLAGHER: Good decision. A little bit overdue. Jeff, thank you. Let's bring in the founder of Polaris National Security, former State Department spokesperson Morgan Ortagus and Hudson Institute Senior Fellow national security analyst Rebeccah Heinrichs. Thank you both for coming on. We appreciate this. Morgan to you first. I thought this was General McKenzie's most startling comment. Let's play it and I'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MCKENZIE: The President's decision was to maintain an embassy to not require our citizens to leave. And of course, to not expedite the extraction of at-risk Afghans. This was not a military decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: The embassy, our citizens, our allies all left hanging, Morgan. What do you think?MORGAN ORTAGUS, FORMER STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: It was -- it could not have been more damning. It's so frustrating, Trace. It really brings back I think the horror of that two-to-three-week period. For so many of us who had served in civilian and military intelligence, NGO capacities in Afghanistan for over 20 years to see that chaotic and disastrous withdrawal brought back to life today by both of these generals' testimony confirms what we all knew.And basically, that Biden and his team completely mishandled this crisis. They didn't trust the military leaders. They thought they were smarter than them. They made political decisions. And you know what, Biden ended up paying a political price. He's never really recovered in the polls. But I think most importantly, as somebody who was in in the State Department when we had to evacuate 100,000 Americans from around the world in the matter of weeks.During the start of COVID, 100,000 Americans we had to get from more than one country from all around the world to learn today in this hearing that the State Department reportedly cannot even utter the word Neo, which is, you know, the phrase that is used for noncombatant. Whenever you are evacuating people out of a war zone or a catastrophe, they couldn't even utter that phrase.The Biden administration, Biden himself didn't have a plan to get civilians, to get our Afghan allies out.GALLAGHER: Yes.ORTAGUS: I think the biggest shame is that nobody was really held responsible for this. And as much as I appreciate both of the generals' testimony today, what I don't understand is where was their boss, the Secretary of Defense? Why was it he communicating all this to the Secretary of State and to the national security adviser and to the president.GALLAGHER: Yes, Morgan. And it's also important to note that Joe Biden has still not taking any responsibility. Let's go back to 2021. Here's ABC News and interview Biden, Stephanopoulos. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, ABC NEWS CHIEF ANCHOR: Your military advisors do not tell you, you know, we should just keep 2500 troops. It's been a stable situation for the last several years. We can do that, we can continue to do that.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No. No one said that to me that I can recall.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Rebeccah, this strategy has always been denied, denied, denied?REBECCAH HEINRICHS, HUDSON INSTITUTE SENIOR FELLOW NATIONAL SECURITY ANALYST: Yes. Well, this was actually what I think the most devastating point that was made, both of the general said that all of this could have been mitigated that there would still be some risk, but the risk would have been worth it, if they would have kept that residual force. Those special operators there to make sure that the civilians got out and that this came to a peaceful diplomatic conclusion rather than rushing the military out first, leaving the civilians behind, and then essentially outsourcing the security, the perimeter of the evacuation to the Taliban over and over again.So, I really think that was the worst point that this could have been avoided, had the president listen to his military advisers and left those 2500 troops there.GALLAGHER: And very quickly, I want to get to this because we talked about Afghanistan. Now let's move on to Haiti. We spoke with a man who was helping Americans get out of Haiti, he said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRYAN STERN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PROJECT DYNAMO: Every American that stuck at Haiti is absolutely at risk, no matter where they are. There's people on the isolated side of the island and those people that are stuck surrounded by kids with belt fed machine guns. So, it is credibly dangerous. It's very scary.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And as it goes on, Morgan, you know, Americans are getting in deeper in peril.ORTAGUS: Yes. There's a pattern of leaving Americans behind. It started in Afghanistan, as the generals talked about today, we still don't know the number of Americans left behind there. We still have five Americans that were left behind that are held hostage by a terrorist group in Gaza. And now in Haiti, you have Americans, you have Christian missionaries that can't get out. This is a pattern.And there's clearly an execution problem at the State Department that has to be dealt with.GALLAGHER: Fifteen seconds to you, Rebeccah.HEINRICHS: Well, listen, you know, I would say that Haiti was like an open- air prison, but it is not doing a service to prisons, they have more order. This is a catastrophe. And, you know, and if you don't have control of the U.S. border, you're going to have all of the problems that are in Haiti coming to America's shores. So again, just like Morgan said, you know, if there was a slogan for the Obama administration which is leading from behind for the Joe Biden administration, it's leaving Americans behind.GALLAGHER: Yes. Rebecca Heinrichs, Morgan Ortagus, great to have you both on. Thank you.Meantime, defense attorneys for former President Trump say that securing an almost half billion-dollar bond for his civil fraud case is a practical impossibility, which means there is now a possibility that the New York attorney general could begin seizing properties next Monday.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live with the very latest on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. To hear the New York Attorney General talent former President Trump is a potential scofflaw who must be held at bay by way of more or less half a billion-dollar bond and as incredible as that sounds. That's what passes for law in the state of New York at this time. "There is significant risks that absent a full bond or deposit, defendants will attempt to evade enforcement of the judgment or to make enforcement more difficult after an appeal."So, there's that. And with that, what some critics have called a legal travesty continues to play out in real time for the country to see. But it's a fight not only worth fighting, according to the former president, he's fully prepared to stake his future on it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This was a rig trial by a crooked judge and a crooked attorney general. And we're fighting it out whether we have a lot of cash or we have a great company, but they want to take it away, or at least take the cash element away.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: They do want to take it away. Now the foreign President's lawyers say he can't secure the nearly half billion-dollar bond in his civil fraud case writing in a court filing that it was a practical impossibility under the circumstances presented. Now this of course could mean the A.G. Leticia James who brought the case could seek to freeze some of his bank accounts and as you pointed out, Trace, perhaps even sees some of his properties.Now for those of you watching the calendar carefully the bond is due next Monday. Mr. Trump has of course asked an appeals court to pause that judgment, $454 million worth or to accept a $100 million cash bond, Trace.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in criminal defense attorney and federal litigator Vik Bajaj. Great to have you on. Andy McCarthy made the argument that Trump might have a remedy. He said this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: So, as long as they're confident that he doesn't divest himself of what holdings he has, and it's not like there are other victims who are holding the bag here that were proved up at the trial who need to be compensated the quarter, would it be satisfied that, you know, Trump's appeal can go through?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What do you think about that? You agree?VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Well, the court ought to be satisfied, yes. But under the law, the judgment amount that was rendered in the superior court here by the judge needs to be honored and paid. So, the reason for this in the background, Trace, is we don't want people to appeal judgments just because they can't pay. And so there has to be some evidence of ability to pay first.Now, what he is saying --GALLAGHER: Does it all have to come in? Do you have to get the whole $476 million?BAJAJ: You have to have someone who's willing to post it. And therefore, we have the bond, the insurance underwriting companies say, hey, if I can see you have a certain number of millions of dollars, I'll post the rest because hey, you're good for it. The problem is there's both a factual dispute in this case, whether it was true, reasonable or an abuse of discretion as to the amount of the 350 million plus interest.And also, there's a constitutional issue. Is this unreasonable under the law? Does it have a bearing a resemblance to the "fraud" that did not hurt anyone? So therefore, you may have a federal issue, and you may have a concurrent state issue.GALLAGHER: Wall Street Journal says the following. Whatever his transgressions defendants are entitled to due process which includes the right to appeal. Miss James is trying to short circuit the justice system to get Mr. Trump as she promised she would during the 2018 campaign. I mean, is it time for another court to step in, Vic? And maybe make their presence knownBAJAJ: Beyond a shadow of a doubt, absolutely. When you have a district attorney who's running for an elected position, saying I'm going to get X, Y, and Z. Imagine being X, Y and Z if you're innocent. Imagine being X, Y and Z if you're criminally culpable. But imagine if you can just relate to X, Y and Z. And now these people have said, I'm going to elect you. So, she needs to make good on her promise. Win, lose or draw.If it's a weak case, you can bet your bottom dollar, she was still going to limp through without a jury and only a judge. Yes, another court will get involved in this case. I believe we will see action even from the New York State Supreme Court, but especially from the Federal Circuit Courts.GALLAGHER: Quickly, here's George Stephanopoulos and Nancy Mace back on March 10th. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANOPOULOS: You have endorsed Donald Trump for president. Judges in two separate juries found him liable for rape and for defaming the victim of that rape. How do you square your endorsement of Donald Trump with the testimony we just saw?REP. NANCY MACE (R-SC): It's a shame that you will never feel, George.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Stephanopoulos got it wrong. Does Trump have a case to sue him?BAJAJ: You know, when you have individuals who are public figures or celebrities, there's a real high level a threshold. You have to show over and above what you would normally have to show for a normal citizen like you and I perhaps. He has a tough, tough claim here. Actually, yes, under the law, he should prevail. That was so unreasonably careless to project that on public news, but in reality, I don't think that glass is going to be half full by the time the day is ended.GALLAGHER: Vic Bajaj, great to have you on as always. Thank you, sir.BAJAJ: Thank you.GALLAGHER: A big setback to the Biden administration's border policies with the Supreme Court ruling that Texas can arrest migrants suspected of crossing into this country illegally and then send them back to Mexico. Marianne Rafferty is live with what this means for the Lone Star State. Marianne, good evening.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes. Good evening, Trace. Well, Texas officials are celebrating a win at the Supreme Court tonight after majority of justices agree that state law enforcement can arrest people entering the country illegally. The six-three ruling however, will only allow Texas law S.B. 4 to go into effect while the case is argued and a lower court.Three liberal justices voted against the law that includes Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who wrote in her dissent, Texas can now immediately enforce its own law imposing criminal liability on thousands of non-citizens requiring their removal to Mexico. And the White House also weighed in. Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre writing. S.B. 4 will not only make communities in Texas less safe, it will also burden law enforcement and sow chaos and confusion at our southern border.S.B. 4 is just another example of Republican officials politicizing the border while blocking real solutions.Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick had this to say about the ruling.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAN PATRICK (R) TEXAS LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR: This is such a historic night. And again, we're going to see it all the way through. I believe we'll do well on the Fifth Circuit and it will go back to the Supreme Court and I think today was a good first step.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAFFERTY: Now this case is expected to make it back to the Supreme Court where it will be argued on its merits but it's next up is before a federal appeals court and there's no word on when those proceedings are going to take place.GALLAGHER: Marianne, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense department is aware of the White House likes to spin topics to fit their narrative happens every day. But today when the Supreme Court allowed a Texas law to go into effect, giving state and local law enforcement the power to arrest illegal immigrants and local judges the power to deport them, the White House was furious calling the decision unconstitutional.Saying it will, "sow chaos and confusion at our southern border." Common Sense isn't kidding. Karine Jean-Pierre said with a straight face that enforcing the law would cause chaos and confusion because not enforcing the law for three years has caused what exactly? Tranquility and simplicity? Does the White House believe that 10 million plus illegal immigrants freely roaming the country has been beneficial?Is busting city budgets coast to coast the good thing? Is fentanyl fine? Is crime comforting? Does not saying the name Laken Riley mean that she's not really gone, because she is gone. And there's a reason she's gone. And yet the White House again with a straight face says the Texas law is a public safety risk. Common Sense knows all about political spin, but the White House is convinced it has a finger on the pulse of America.Truth is it's not checking the country's pulse just giving it the finger. Let's bring in the Sheriff of Pinal County, Arizona Mark Lamb. Sheriff, it's great to have you on. The White House statement again is worth reading part of it because it says the following. S.B. 4 or Senate Bill 4 will not only make communities in Texas less safe, it will also burn law enforcement and sow chaos and confusion at our southern border. What do you think of that, Sheriff?MARK LAMB, PINAL COUNTY, ARIZONA SHERIFF: Well, first of all, you would think that they were talking about their own immigration and border policies because that is what is so chaos and confusion in this country. What Texas is trying to do is actually working. They're controlling a portion of their border. And they're -- the language they're using, the messaging saying, hey, we're going to hold you accountable if you come into this country illegally into the state of Texas.It's working because it's driving that traffic into Arizona and California. So, the only people sowing chaos and confusion is this administration along with Karine Jean-Pierre.GALLAGHER: Yes. It's an amazing statement. Here's what illegal migrants said today about the illegal immigrants coming across. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It not only hurts the people who make that choice to come here illegally. It hurts the rest of the country, right? It's a breakdown in our law and order-based society that, you know, immigrants have come to value.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. Because he knows and I know and, you know, Sheriff, that it's a fairness issue all the way across.LAMB: It's That's right. And he understands that because a lot of these people came from countries where they did not have a strong rule of law. They came to this country to make a better life. And for a strong rule of law, which is what it made -- has made America great. But this administration doesn't want that. They're undermining the rule of law, opening the borders.And furthermore, I love that the Supreme Court is -- made a loose siding on this -- on side of Texas because in Arizona's law that we had in the Ninth Circuit, it ended up being about immigration. Look, immigration is not mentioned in the Constitution. Naturalization is in section or Article 1, Section 8, the immigration authority has been given to Congress by the Supreme Court and by other judges.And while the circuit court -- the Ninth Circuit Court with Arizona, it dealt with immigration. What we're talking about is protecting our borders. That is what Texas is arguing and we have the right to protect our borders.GALLAGHER: Yes. We're -- and very quickly, Sheriff. We're running a story in a few minutes on burglary, tourism, foreign criminals coming in, State Department travel program. Let's a man, they rip us off and they go back. I've got about 15, 20 seconds. What do you think about what's happening to these people who are getting ripped off by these foreigners?LAMB: Well, we hate it. Look, we're dealing with it. The federal government lets everybody in and then we local -- foreign law enforcement have to deal with the consequences of having these folks in here. So, we don't like it. We believe in the rule of law. That's why I'm running for the Senate because we need to restore some common sense and sanity to Washington, D.C.GALLAGHER: Yes. Best of luck, Sheriff. Thanks for coming on again. We appreciate it.LAMB: Thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: Meantime, the presidential race is set but the primaries go on and we have results coming in right now for a key Republican U.S. Senate race in Ohio. A seat that could decide who controls the majority in the next Congress.Mark Meredith is tracking results. He's live in Westlake, Ohio tonight. Mark Good evening.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS WASHINGTON-BASED CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. You can see the victory party has mostly wrapped up. There some staffers enjoying some well learned pizza and beer. It's been a long couple of months for them. But of course, the real race begins and the headline at this hour is that Republicans have chosen who their nominee is going to be as they face off against Democrats Sherrod Brown this November and what could be a very contentious contest.Earlier tonight we saw a businessman Bernie Moreno celebrate his victory over a three-man race in this contest which of course was being closely watched. Moreno had the support of former President Trump as well as some of the other MAGA people that have been out there. We also have seen him talk quite a bit already tonight about what lies ahead. We spoke to him exclusively after tonight's victory and he tells Fox he believes the race between him and Senator Brown could be one of the nastiest nationwide.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BERNIE MORENO (R) OHIO STATE CANDIDATE: He knows how to raise money from all kinds of special interest groups. He knows how to beat up people all over the nation for five bucks or 10 bucks. That he sells them a bill of goods. So it's going to be a very nasty race. I'm prepared for it.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: Democrats had a statement ready to go saying Ohioans have seen that Moreno can't be trusted to look for out anyone but himself and that's why they'll reject him in November. Moreno's chief rival with a race, State Senator Matt Dolan conceded in the 9:00 hour. He says turnout was less than he could have hoped for but that he believes Republicans have a real shot to turn this seat red this fall.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATT DOLAN (D) OHIO STATE SENATOR: All throughout the race. I said anyone of the three of us would be better than Sherrod Brown and we'll continue with that.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: We also heard from Secretary of State Frank LaRose also conceding this race meeting right now. The Republicans have their nominee. It's going to be a very expensive Senate contest but we heard from the candidate tonight Bernie Marino who says he is ready to go for this fall. Trace?GALLAGHER: Mark Meredith live for us in Ohio. Mark, thank you.Coming up. How many times have you said just Google it? Well, a new report is now claiming that Google has interfered in multiple major U.S. elections for years. We'll explain next.And The Nightcap. One of our regular guests, Bethany Mandel tweeted this saying the biggest mistake most of my friends have made in the dating world is essentially sticking with a partner who doesn't want to commit.Should long-term relationships have a deadline for marriage? Two years, five years, 10 years? What's the longest it's OK to wait for your partner to be marriage ready? Let us know X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses. Coming up in The Nightcap. Don't go away. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, you know the phrase, just Google it. Maybe not so fast. A new study by a conservative media watchdog group claims Google has been interfering in major U.S. elections since way back in 2008. The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke back live with more on that story. Kevin?CORKE: Trace, this is something else. The Media Research Center says Google has interfered with elections, get this, 41 times over the last 16 years. And its impact they claim has surged dramatically making it "evermore harmful to democracy." The MRC claims that in every single case, Google harmed the candidates regardless of party who threatened its left-wing candidate of choice.Examples include Google using its algorithm to exclude autofill results that were potentially damaging to Hillary Clinton back in 2016. But not doing the same for people like say Donald Trump or Bernie Sanders. They also allegedly disabled Tulsi Gabbard's ads account just when she became the most searched candidate following the first Democratic Party primary in 2020.And suppressing news critical of Joe Biden even concealing most Republican campaign Web sites for the 12 competitive Senate races as recently as 2022. Now the MRC says this. Google's outsized influence on information technology, the body politic, and American elections became evident back in 2008. After failing to prevent them candidate President Donald Trump from being inaugurated following the 2016 election, Google has since made clear to any discerning observer that it has been and will continue interfering in America's elections.Now, of course, Google as you can imagine, pushback, insisting it has a clear business incentive to keep both sides happy. And that safeguards to ensure non-biased and accurate search results are there. Trace?GALLAGHER: Just trying to keep everybody happy.CORKE: Everybody happy.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live in D.C. Thank you. Let's bring it in on that chief operating officer and media personality Amanda Brilhante along with Media Research Center TV contributing writer Stephanie Hamill. Welcome to you both. Stephanie, to you first. I mean, this kind of sums it up. "Over the years, Google has repeatedly used its power to help push the most liberal candidates to electoral victory while targeting their opponents."I mean, it really is true. I was just talking to Amanda about this where, you know, you Google something and the Washington Post always comes up in the top 10, right? And you want the Washington Examiner it's like well, let's go five or six or seven pages deep to get some information on that. What do you think?STEPHANIE HAMILL, MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER T.V.: Yes, it's incredible how it always seems to work one way which is favor the left and never seems to favor Republicans or Republican candidates, although you did note that there were instances where it, it appeared where Google was actually favoring the most liberal of the candidates and I found the point very intriguing that in 2008, that Google was allegedly boosting Barack Obama over Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary.And you have to wonder if that had played a role in helping him get over the finish line. So, you know, this is, this is tremendously of great importance to the American people because so many people trust Google. They are unsuspecting, assuming that they're just getting information, not realizing that there are powerful people behind it, potentially the Google overlords, who are trying to influence the way you think and the way that you vote.GALLAGHER: It's becoming like a, you know, it's a brand. It's like Vaseline or Coke. You just say, oh, just Google it, right? You need something, just Google it. That's the way it is. The Cyber Guy, Kurt Knutsson, said the following. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KURT KNUTSSON, THE CYBER GUY: This is just another example why algorithms like the one that operates the big tech beast Google should be transparent. It should be not left up to one group to control what we see, when we see it, and they're just passing around the megaphone to whoever they choose, and that is how this works.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And Amanda, transparency would be a very good thing, I think, in this situation, right?AMANDA BRILHANTE, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, OWNET: I completely agree, and you're right. Google is like a brand. When it comes to transparency, people are being bothered by this. It's very clear that they feel like they're being censored, that they feel like it's not transparent. You look at Google, you look at search engine optimization results, SEO. Google can change what you see based off of keywords, based off of quality.So, if they can change what you see based off of that, who's to say they also can't hide information, which is what we saw with that report. I think them bringing up Tulsi is a fantastic point as well because this is a bigger issue. Every American should be questioning what is going on. This has to do with our First Amendment, with freedom of speech.GALLAGHER: Yes, and that's exactly right. And then, you kind of come across this thing and you every time you Google or you, you know, you look for something, we should say just kind of search the internet for something, it kind of comes up in an interesting way. So, the media is still going crazy, Stephanie Hamill, on Trump's bloodbath comment. He was clearly talking about the auto industry, and today we had Guy Benson saying the following. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I do think it helps Trump, because if you want Donald Trump to say something genuinely offensive, wait five minutes, he's going to at some point you don't have to invent something and then rush out there to try to hammer him because then people say, these are not reliable narrators. These are not truthful people.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: But when you invent something, Stephanie Hamill, you look bad, and people don't trust you. And when you lose your credibility, you're done.HAMILL: This isn't the first time this has happened to Trump. In fact, it's a vicious cycle where he has taken out of context the mainstream media reports, not everyone, but a lot of them go with it. Even though they have the ability to watch the entire clip, understand the context of it, they choose not to for some reason, and then they go with it. And then, they hardly ever apologize. In fact, many of them are rewarded with promotions, better jobs, a bigger audience. So, we saw this again. He clearly wasn't talking about a J6 bloodbath. He was talking about the automotive industry.And today we're still seeing those who were pushing this this whole lie, this hoax again, not apologizing for it, and they're saying, oh, well, you know, he doesn't actually have to mean it but we know what he means.GALLAGHER: Right, but that's the whole thing. Yes, Amanda, he just keep -- they keep going at this thing, they keep going get back to the same well and eventually they're going to learn. I mean, they've got to pay the price at some point in time. Your final thoughts on that.BRILHANTE: Yes, on the topic of social media too, bloodbath, that's going to be clickbait.GALLAGHER: Yes.BRILHANTE: Point and simple. I mean, we see that with Trump, it's going to be aggressive language. With Biden, it seems to be his rambling. Not only that, Biden was just praised for using aggressive language in his State of the Union address, SNL even saying he should be more aggressive. And bloodbath, we're going to see that come up with March Madness and ESPN. Nobody's going to blink an eye when it comes down to it. Like Stephanie said, context.GALLAGHER: Amanda, Stephanie, thank you both. Coming up, a store in Los Angeles came up with a novel way to push thieves away with a good old- fashioned public shaming. You steal from us, we put you on our Instagram page. And the mysterious artist Banksy strikes again, plus an incredible sight over the San Diego skies. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next. But first, a live look at New Bedford, Massachusetts, once known as the city that lit the world because of their vast quantities of whale oil for lamps. We are coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While authorities in California and across the country tracking a new type of criminal act tonight, burglary tourism. Police say thieves from Chile with fake IDs are using technology to ransack homes of the wealthy. Here's the senior national correspondent, William La Jeunesse.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TODD SPITZER (R), ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA DISTRICT ATTORNEY: There are photographs of over 400 individuals who have been arrested in the United States from Chile.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Police call it burglary tourism, and some blame the Biden administration.SPITZER: I literally cannot comprehend why the United States government is trying to protect Chileans who are coming in and breaking into our homes.LA JEUNESSE: In 2014, Chile became the first Latin American country whose residents didn't need a visa to enter the U.S., avoiding a background check and thus allowing criminals to board planes there to rob homes here.DOMINIC CHOI, LOS ANGELES POLICE CHIEF: We have a significant increase in burglaries from organized groups that are outside this country.LA JEUNESSE: Police caught this group near Philadelphia with masks, gloves, pry bars and a saw. In North Carolina, these four faced 200 charges of breaking and entering. In Glendale, California, police arrested these suspects for multiple burglaries. In Baltimore, police connected this group to break-ins in Maryland, North Carolina, Alabama, and Oklahoma. According to authorities, they all have one thing in common. They entered the U.S. from Chile as tourists.REP. YOUNG KIM (R-CA): The South American theft groups are abusing the visa waiver program and sending criminals to burglarize my constituents.LA JEUNESSE: Using fake IDs to rent cars and lodging, police say existing databases offer a little help and if caught, many D.A.s don't prosecute and sheriffs can't or won't call ICE.SPITZER: Not only are they robbing us blind and burglarizing our homes, but then they're not held to answer for their crimes.LA JEUNESSE (on camera): The State Department could revoke Chile's visa waiver status, but says that's not necessary. Police tell us, it is, because the country doesn't share criminal information as required. D.A. Spitzer is suing the Biden administration to find out why. Trace?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: William, thank you. So, it's lose-lose. Let's bring in Republican nominee for Congress in California's 30th district, intensive care physician, Alex Balekian, along with former U.S. Senate candidate and journalist, Christina Pascucci. Thank you both for coming on. I mean, Alex, to you first, we could not be making it any easier for these people to come in here, rip us off, and then go home with no consequences.ALEX BALEKIAN (R-CA), CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE: I mean, we just -- so as you know, they struck my hometown of Glendale and we had a very large gathering of concerned citizens of the church where the police updated everyone they let us know that it was a Chilean gang that was doing this. But when you look at it, there are multiple different areas where things broke down. First, there's the catch and release policy of our far-left progressive D.A., George Gascon, who doesn't prosecute criminals. But then after that, what you could have done is if local officials were allowed to communicate with federal officials and find that these people were tourists that could be deported.GALLAGHER: Right.BALEKIAN: But no, California has sanctuary state laws that were signed, voted by my opponent, Laura Friedman. So, these far-left progressive policies have ruined the state.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is, and this hits very close to home for you Christina, because your mother was robbed by a Chilean tourist last year. Your mom said this, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I put my purse into the cart. I looked at some cosmetic in the one aisle and over something I was bumped. So, I kind of turned around towards that and when I did, I see somebody behind me run with their head down. They ran away. They were so fast. I looked at my purse, my purse was very light, my wallet was gone. It's still upsetting when I think about it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, so you know a lot about this and when LAPD comes out and they start saying, hey we're putting task force together to try to stop it, you know what it's about.CHRISTINA PASCUCCI, FORMER SENATE CANDIDATE AND JOURNALIST: Yes, it's so frustrating. It's sad to watch that back, because I love my mom. And she went through a lot. This was a year ago today, actually. And so, this has been going on for quite some time. They're very sophisticated. They know how to break in now into luxury homes and kind of break into the alarm systems. And so, when will enough be enough? And I think requiring a visa could be one quick step that we put into place right now.GALLAGHER: Little things. All the little things in life, like proof, like identification, stuff like that. Kitson, which is a fashion lifestyle boutique, I'm told, has a way to kind of shame shoplifters. If you shoplift in their store, then you literally get placed on, they take the circuit co- surf cameras and they put you right on Instagram and they write the story up on you. We're just showing general shoplifting because Kitson, we're not going to use their Instagram, but they're putting these people on their Instagram and shaming them. And some people are like -- oh my god, and they bring the stuff back. I mean, what do you think about that?BALEKIAN: So, it has been wildly successful, so Fraser Ross, the Owner of Kitson has been one of my biggest supporters from the get-go, and a lot of people find this is novel this is interesting. But what I tell people is, you know, this is somebody who is being, essentially being a vigilante. So, our government should ensure the health, wealth, and security of its citizens. And so, these far-left progressive policies, it has resulted in abdication of these responsibilities. And so, at some point right now, yes, it's novel, but at what point will a small business owner then get a gun, for example, to try to protect things, when will lives be lost? Then it will no longer be funny.GALLAGHER: Right. And then, you know, it also comes down to the point where somebody who sees themselves online wants their own retribution. They say, hey, we're going to go back to the store and we're going to maybe pay for or take a pound of flesh for him putting me on Instagram.PASCUCCI: Yes, I can escalate quickly. And I was speaking to him as well, and the owner of Kitson, that is, it's this iconic luxury retail store here in Los Angeles that it's been around since I was a kid. And he said that he is now at the point where he has to take matters into his own hands. And what does that say about the society that we are living in? It's very frustrating.These businesses already have had so much to contend with the past few years and now this. But the thing is, it's, it's working. In the last week alone, he's caught two people who came in, shoplifted, sold goods. He put their face on Instagram, said, does anyone recognize these people? And then within a few days, they came back and they returned the goods. And so --GALLAGHER: One girl said she was high, I was just high when I ripped you off. I'm so sorry about it. Here's your stuff back. Christina, Alex, thank you both.PASCUCCI: Thanks, Chase. Thank you. First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", a new mural showed up on the side of a London building and the mysterious artist Banksy now taking credit. The green painting is behind a large tree growing near the building and mimics the shape of its leaves in summer. At least that's what we're told.Meantime first day of spring but residents of Oswego, New York still buttoning up their jackets. Lake effect snow hit the region today because of below normal temperatures. And people right here in Southern Cali got a great nighttime glimpse of the SpaceX rocket soaring overhead. Rocket hauling 22 Starlink satellites into orbit, all part of Starlink's mission to provide Internet access planet-wide.And if you have something like that and you want to share it with us, share it with us at Trace Gallagher or at Fox News Night on social media. OK, coming up, how long do you think it's OK to date somebody before making a longer-term commitment? If you want to get married and they keep dragging their feet, when do you call it quits? Two years? Three? Ten? Let us know, X in Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses coming up in the Nightcap.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Marianne Rafferty, Jeff Paul, Vik Bajaj, and Christina Pascucci. Tonight's topic, relationship expiration. Our friend Bethany Mandel tweeted about a dating mistake that she thinks too many people are making. She says, "I have a friend who has been in a relationship for five years. She's 32, he's 35. He says that he loves her but doesn't really feel ready to move in or commit. This is the biggest mistake most of my friends have made in the dating world." So, what do you think? Should there be a deadline to get married when you are in a serious relationship and what should the deadline be, Kevin Corke?CORKE: No deadline. You do you, I think. Anytime people are like, let's wedge you into our problem. I'm like, wrong, dumb, dumb. And remember, if I told you 50-50 shot, if you get on this roller coaster, it'll break. Would you ride it? Maybe not. So, a lot of people are just content to sit back and wait and watch.GALLAGHER: Oh, OK. What was good? Look at Kevin Corke, the philosopher. How good was that? Love it. Marianne Rafferty.RAFFERTY: That's a hot take. Five years, you're in your 30s. No, there's a biological clock. I say five years, if you don't know, move on. Next. Yes.GALLAGHER: Christina Pascucci with child by the way. She's about to come out and if she does, we're going to have to cut it short here and get her to the hospital.PASCUCCI: We had a doctor here though earlier.GALLAGHER: Oh, yes, we did.PASCUCCI: So, we're in very good hands. You know, I think if people are on the same page, it's all good you do you. But if a guy say, oh, I don't know about this, next.GALLAGHER: Adios. Jeff Paul.PAUL: Yes, I know it's a good point. I mean, you got to be on the same page. So, if somebody wants marriage the other person doesn't, that's not going to change, you know, but I mean, I do feel like this is sort of aimed at me. I know I'm on this five-year plan but we have, had the conversation.GALLAGHER: Vik.BAJAJ: Don't sound so guilty. You know, Sammy Davis Jr. says there's a choice we have: commitment or fear, and passion does not have a timeline. So, when it feels right, go for it but after three or four years it's not feeling right.GALLAGHER: Yes, I tell my daughters you know what two three years, man, then, yes, oh they go. Bethany Mandel, I have a friend who has been in the relationship, we got this, right? This a call for -- oh, yes, yes, here we go. You should a long-term relationship have a deadline for marriage: yes, 38 percent; yes, 74 percent on Instagram.Wendy Palmer says, "One year. After that a real conversation needs to be had."Brooke Kratina, "Three years."Erin McFarland, "My husband and I waited six years, just celebrated 22nd anniversary."Rosa Fonseca says, "It took my husband and I three months to decide to get married."Nicole Heider, "I dated nine years, we celebrated 25 years of bliss.Anna Lombroso, "Don't get married." Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching America's late news, I'm Trace Gallagher. See you back here tomorrow.