SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity."And tonight the radical left, they're heaping nothing but praise on jacked up Joe Biden State of the Union Address, trying to deflect from just how strange, weird and bizarre it really was. Now, jacked up Joe, he spent most of the night screaming and shouting and speeding his way through a very uncomfortable address. To put it, well, charitably, jacked up Joe looked like an angry, over caffeinated old man.Now, the Joe we saw last night, not the Joe that we see on a day-to-day basis. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's some movement. There's been a response from the -- there's been a response.Too many corporations raise prices to pad the profits.Some of you have commented -- I wear since the day he died every single day, the rosary he got from Our Lady of -- every Memorial Day we hold a service.I inherited economy is on the brink. Now our economy is literally the envy of the world, 15 million new jobs in just three years, a record.I think that -- as you know, initially, the president of Mexico, Sisi, did not want to open up the gate.Unemployment at15 -year lows.I better not start the questions. I get in trouble.REPORTER: What's your message for Super Tuesday voters -- Super Tuesday, you have a message for voters?BIDEN: Wall Street didn't build America. They're not bad guys. They didn't build it though. The middle class built the country. And unions built the middle class.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, of course the left and the leftwing radical media mob, they wasted no time unleashing, of course, their pro-Biden spin about Joe's jacked up speech. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This was a feisty speech that at times felt more like a rowdy campaign event than a traditional State of the Union Address.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think he addressed this age issue with his aggressive, feisty, ad-libbed delivery. I think that helped him.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): Smoking Joe Biden was on fire during the State of the Union Address. He was lit.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I thought that was a remarkable, fiery, powerful, vigorous guy.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): What really frankly we were watching last night was the president, his command of the issues, his forcefulness and how he presented it all.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I thought he just completely blew away the Biden is too old issue last night.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was his best speech of his presidency by far, strongest speech, and most importantly, for people that were thinking, oh, he's too old, he's too this, he's too that, man, he -- like I said he gave a lot more than he got.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Keyword feisty Joe.I hate to break this to the liberal elites and our friends in the media mob, but the American public isn't buying their spin. Everybody knows that Joe Biden is a frail and a weak cognitive mess, and despite their best efforts and probably a lot of Red Bull, well, everyone can see that -- on a pretty much on a daily basis. Now, by the way, here are of jacked up Joe's low lights from last night. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The threat to democracy must be defended.As two of my heroes like many of you did, Dr. King and Bobby Kennedy were assassinated, and their legacy inspired me to pursue a career in service.But Israel has a -- excuse me -- Israel has a added burden.It's not about him. It's not about me. I'd be a winner -- not really. I --(JEERS)Laken -- Laken Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal. That's right. But how many are thousands of people being killed by illegals?I'm going to get in trouble for saying that but anyone to get an Air force woman and fly to Toronto, Berlin, Moscow -- I mean, excuse me, and -- well, even Moscow probably.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Joe, her name -- it was on the button, Laken Riley, not Lincoln Riley. Laken Riley, you are holding her pin. On the pin, her name was written on it. How did you manage to still get it wrong?The American people, they were taking note and rightly so. Now, right now, jacked up Joe Biden, he is underwater, across the board, most recent Gallup, he's at a low approval rating, only 38 percent, a far cry from the 50 percent threshold that incumbents typically need if they want to win re- election.And perhaps even more alarming for -- well, Joe is a recent ABC poll shows that, what, 86 percent of you the American people think he is too old to serve another term in the White House and, frankly, he is bleeding support from the Democratic Party base, African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, young people, suburban women. These are key demographics that helped elect him in the first place.On every single important issue, well, Joe Biden is receiving failing -- failing grades.Now, of course, the Biden campaign, they're taking their big victory lap last night after what was a strange and bizarre address, unlike any we've ever seen before. And, of course, they play the race card. I told you this would happen. That's their go-to card to attack Donald Trump.Take a look at this new ad had comparing Trump to the KKK. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, POLITICAL AD)BIDEN: I know the American story. Again and again, I've seen the contest between competing forces in the battle for the soul of our nation, between those who want to pull America back to the past, those want to move America into the future.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Let's take a trip down memory lane, shall we, since Joe's trying to play the race card. In his latest attack ad, well, let's take this trip. You might remember it was Joe Biden, him, in the `70s, when discussing desegregation policies, remember, Joe partnered with a real former Klansman, and a guy that he called his mentor and his friend against school busing and the integration of public schools. He was worried about those schools and children growing up in schools that, quote, his words were racial jungles. That was not Donald Trump.That that was Joe Biden. Biden eulogized and he praised on the former Klan leader and West Virginia Senator Robert KKK Bird. Not Donald Trump.During the 2020 campaign, it was Joe Biden that bragged about working with segregationists, not Donald Trump.This is just the tip of the iceberg for Biden's checkered, racial past. Even Kamala Harris called him out on it during the primary campaign back in 2020. In case you forgot, let us remind you, shall we?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Madam President, we have predators on our streets.You cannot go to a 7-eleven or a Dunkin Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent. I'm not joking.CHRIS WALLACE, TV HOST: What kind of a chance would a northeastern liberal like Joe Biden stand in the South?BIDEN: Better than anybody else. And you don't know my state. My state was a slave state.You've got the first sort of mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy. I mean, that's a storybook.They're going to put y'all back in chains.Poor kids are just as bright and just as talent as white kids.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We got more questions --BIDEN: You got more questions, but I tell you, if you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, and you ain't Black.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Articulate, bright and clean. That's story book, man.All right, spare us the pearl clutching and fake and phony and feign outrage over this ludicrous comparison, Joe Biden is the one with blatantly racist history, not Donald Trump.Anyway, here with reaction, FOX News contributors Joe Concha and Tammy Bruce, and Project 21 chairman Horace Cooper is with us.Tammy, we start with you tonight.We've got to start with the obvious. We have chronicled since Joe as weak, frail and a cognitive mess. Now, when you have cognitive issues, they are degenerative. We have watched significant cognitive decline over the last three-plus years with Joe Biden.Last night, we saw a very different Joe Biden. I say jacked up Joe. I'm not sure exactly how many Red Bulls he had or whatever else he might have had.However, screaming and shouting, and shouting and screaming, for the entire speech, speed-reading through it, not even allowing the speaker as usually happens to even introduce him, what was your reaction to last night's jacked up Joe?TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, we've seen it before. There have been dynamic situations where he's been just like this. I think Philadelphia was one of them, in front of that blood red building where there was pounding and fists and, you know, accusations and smears.So, we know they can get him to this point. We don't know how -- maybe Hakeem Jeffries was correct, he was lit in some way. But it's unfortunate and frightening for the American people because we have to have a president who is not there as a showpiece and who is -- where we can trust his state of mind.The world is in quite a fit right now with wars and everything else. Our country clearly is in decline, is a dumpster fire at this point, and we think we know why. Your clip of that ad of his -- it's -- he -- they took it from last night's State of the Union Address.So, literally, it was written to place into an ad comparing Trump with the Klan. So this was not just a campaign event, but using an event that is supposed to inform the American people as a campaign event instead with, you know, shouts of "four more years", no one learned anything. We know what their narrative is. What the lies are.And the next thing is, he might have been good for last night, but the next gaffe will happen, the next fall will happen, the next blank stare will happen, and that is what concerns the American people. But this was theater to reassure that 86 percent of voters who think he's too old, he is too old.And the fact that they use the State of the Union Address to bring out angry forgetful guy as some renewed man shows you, Sean, that they're concerned about that. They're desperate, and that America is being led but not by this man.HANNITY: And, Joe Concha, that does bring up a great point, and I want to follow up on that. I think Joe Biden had to accomplish two things last night. One is to somehow break the obvious narrative, what the American people are seeing in larger and larger numbers, that this man is a cognitive mess.So, whatever, he was going to scream, his way through the speech. The liberal mob can say, see, he can actually scream. He's great at screaming. He -- better than speaking.The second thing he had to do, he's bleeding support as I mentioned in my monologue from significant portions of the Democratic Party base, and I believe the reason the speech was so radical and one-sided and viciously partisan was because he needs to desperately shore up his base if he wants any chance about winning in 241 days from now on November 5th.JOE ACOSTA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Precisely, Sean. I mean, this was all to portray this president as fiery. We saw that word multiple times across multiple major news organizations, as if a memo went out, you know? As if the code red was sent up by Colonel Jessup in "A Few Good Men." Use fiery and Democratic lawmakers did the same thing.It was to make him look like a man in command of his thoughts and his agenda. But I think what we witnessed last night -- you made the point and it's a word I keep seeing as well, but it's an accurate one, it was patently loud. It was decidedly decisive. It was dishonest on a grand scale.This was to show that the president has the energy and the stamina for the job, but a big tell happened today, Sean, and Tammy broached this earlier, when the president was asked today if he would debate Donald Trump, he responded and I quote, it depends on his behavior, unquote.What a copout? Any president who is truly confident in his arguments and his faculties would say yes on the spot. Of course, president's nominees debate each other every time during every four years. He should have said, I'll debate Donald Trump tomorrow.But the president's handler is going to make sure that he goes nowhere near that stage now and all the way to election day, because you know why? On a debate stage, there is no teleprompter. There is no script. There are no notes. There is no cheering section.And he's going to actually have to answer questions and defend his records completely unscripted and extemporaneously. And this is something he simply cannot do at this point.HANNITY: I think that is a great point and a great observation.Horace, let's get your take on all of this?HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: Well, I saw an angry old man threatening America to get off his lawn now. My brother would say he looked like he was jacked up on Mountain Dew. What I heard when I watched was a litany of over-the-top, expensive government programs that are never going to happen. But when we look back in time when that approach was tried, what we see is it doesn't work.In fact, I have -- my most recent book is entitled "Put Y'all Back in Chains", it's about how Joe Biden's policies have harmed black Americans in the same way that it's hurt the rest of the country.He should have focused on what it was that he plans to do to improve the lot of America. He is caught. He is caught.Whoever the people are that help manipulate and push him realize that he is caught. He is not able to ask the Federal Reserve to start cutting rates today. He's not able to announce that he's issuing an executive order that is going to get our border under control.Black Americans in particular who are considered a core constituency of his party, they're losing homes because interest rates are too high. They're foreclosing. When they compete in the marketplace, they're being undercut by millions of people who are in this country illegally.When you go to the grocery store, it's like you're going to have to fill out a credit application just so you can pay for what's in your shopping cart. Nothing that he said is actually dealing with that.Many Black Americans like others feel like their priorities if you're working class, if you're middle class, you're at the back of the Biden political bus.HANNITY: All right. Horace Cooper, thank you. Tammy, thank you. Joe Concha, as always, thank you too.Now, last night, Alabama Senator Katie Britt delivered a rebuttal to Joe Biden state of the union and she joins us now with much more.Senator, good to see you. Welcome to the program.I hope you don't read social media because whenever you do anything big, like you did last night, it can be brutal. That welcome to my daily world.SEN. KATIE BRITT (R-AL): That's right. That's right, Sean.HANNITY: My advice is never read it, never read it.BRITT: You know, Sean, last night, I called people to get into the arena. And when you get in the arena, you get arrows. They get thrown at you and - - but it's worth it when you're fighting for the American people, when you are fighting to make sure that hardworking families, just like you said in your last segment, that they are seen, that they have a voice, that the things they're concerned about that, they're worried about that, we're actually talking about them, things that we talk about around our kitchen table.Joe Biden seems to be detached from reality and somebody needs to bring him back and quick.HANNITY: You know, I agree with that. I mean, first of all, we were shocked as I was stylistically. I call him jacked up Joe and him shouting and screaming the whole night.BRITT: Absolutely. He was angry at best, seemed a bit incoherent with his messaging and then wasn't truthful with the American people. And you know, when I'm looking at the things he said when he finally said Laken Riley's name, finally, finally said it, he then kind of stumbled and didn't actually take responsibility for what he has done.We know that his policies, his decisions, the result of them is what we're seeing all across the country, and it is everything from fentanyl overdoses and poisonings to brutal murders. And American people deserve better and that's all on him, Sean.HANNITY: Yeah. You know, not only did he get Laken Riley's name wrong and call her Lincoln, even though he had a button with her name on it right up there on the podium, which it's incomprehensible to me, not only did he get it wrong when he said when there's thousands of legal people that are killing innocent people, that's not the point, Senator, is it?BRITT: No, no, not at all. I mean, look at his policy. So he comes into office and his first 100 days in office, he executes executive orders to undo President Trump's border policies. We had the most secure border ever, that's what Joe Biden actually inherited but he wanted to make a change.He did that on day one when he said we are going to halt construction of the border wall. We're going to stop deporting illegal aliens. And he said you know what? We're going to give amnesty to millions.When he did that and he changed these policies, they became a magnet for more and more people to come here. And when you look at the things that are happening, he refuses to give up the tools that he is using to that are abuse -- that he's abusing that are ultimately hurting our nation, and it's tools like parole. I heard it mentioned earlier, but if you look back under both President Trump and President Obama, they paroled on average about 5,600 people a year, Sean.Well, President Biden actually just paroled 3,000 less than million. Those are blanket paroles without background checks. It's completely and totally unacceptable and it's putting the American people in harm's way.HANNITY: Great job last night, Senator. Thank you for being with us. We appreciate it.All right. Coming up, we're going to reveal how the word illegal is more repulsive to the left than the actual crimes that are being committed by illegals against innocent Americans. Judge Jeanine Pirro is straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: All right. So one of the biggest moments from last night State of the Union came when your president Joe was confronted directly over the death of Laken Riley who he called Lincoln. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: It's not about him. It's not about me. I'd be a winner -- not really --REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): It's about Laken Riley.BIDEN: I -- Laken, Laken Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal, that's right. But how many thousands of people being killed by illegals?To her parents, I say, my heart goes out to you having lost children myself. I understand.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, Biden's use of the word illegal last night did not go over well with the left. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And she hands him this button to try to play him on the border, but he goes off script and has his own moment which I think a lot of people in the progressive world may question the language.PELOSI: You should have said undocumented, but I -- it's not a big thing, okay? What -- what's the big thing about?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, I was -- I actually wasn't even going to ask about that. I was just going to ask more about the moment, but you do think that he should have said undocumented? That wasn't going to be my question.PELOSI: Well, we usually say undocumented. He said illegal. I don't think it's a big deal.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's unfortunate that the president used that language. I don't believe that is the language that believe that he believes in his heart about immigrant people who find their way to this country to make a better life for themselves.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Then you have other left-wing Democrats, radicals in Congress saying they were extremely disappointed with Joe Biden's incendiary and wrong language. And today, Biden was asked if he regretted using the word illegal last night. Now, he couldn't give a straight answer, as old regular cognitive struggling Joe was back, not jacked up Joe. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you regret using the word illegal to describe immigrants last night, sir?BIDEN: Well, I probably -- I don't -- technically he's not supposed to be here.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, what happened to jacked up Joe? He didn't scream or anything.Anyway, maybe they ran out of Red Bull and Red Bull and caffeine because he didn't scream his answers.So it looks like the word illegal seems to be more repulsive to the radical left than all the crimes including murder and rape committed against innocent Americans.Here to help break this down, the co-host of the hit show "The Five", our friend Judge Jeanine Pirro is with us.First of all, this is bizarre. You either enter the country legally. If you don't enter legally, you've entered illegally. That has been the term that has been used.There seems to be more discussion and talk about the term illegal than there is about the death of Laken Riley, and it's not Lincoln, Judge, it's Laken Riley.JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": Yeah. And, you know, her mother, Laken Riley's mother tweeted that it's pathetic that Joe Biden not only doesn't know her name, but that he can't pronounce it. You know what, Sean, what I want to do is I want to get one thing straight. Illegal is a term used by the United States Supreme Court in its latest pronouncement in this area of immigration, in the case of Arizona versus of the United States in 2012.There is also an Illegal Immigration Reform Act of 1996. Title 8 of the USC, of the United States Code, dealing with citizenship and immigration says illegal alien, unauthorized alien and uses illegal immigration 93 times.So let's -- let's understand that this is what Americans know and understand because it's part of our law. It's part of our history.Now, why would the people on the left be more concerned about honoring the dignity of an illegal who is charged with massacring an American citizen, a young woman who had a right to be in the place where she was and he didn't?And I got to tell you, Sean, I am sick and tired of this -- oh, they're here on parole. They're not here on parole. Just like the guy who killed the state trooper two days ago, he was arrested for domestic violence, he was arrested for driving with suspended license, not showing up, totally separate from killing the trooper.We call it parole. We don't know where they are. We can't find them. We can't get in touch with them.And for Joe Biden to minimize the death of this woman, the brutality that accompanied her death and compare it to his son, and it's very sad his son died, his son was more than double the age of this young woman. His son died in a very civilized place in a hospital in the United States. This young girl died alone in the woods by -- with a brutal massacre where her face was literally distorted and unrecognizable.So I'm tired of the left. I'm tired of them taking the side of people who are killing, and it sounded to me like Joe Biden admitted not only that illegal is the term that we should be using and understands but that they are killing thousands of Americans. And when Donald Trump was president, they tried to collect those numbers. We have the Angel Moms.I am tired of these people coming in. They are unvetted. We don't know who they are. They are released into the -- into the interior of the United States. Some are flown in from other countries.We pay for them. We educate them. We hospitalize them and we house them. I've had it.We have got to stop this and Joe Biden's amped up speech last night is never going to remedy the fact he doesn't know what he's doing. He created the problem that he now wants Congress to fix.HANNITY: How -- how repulsive was it earlier in the week, it was Tuesday night, and it was Super Tuesday and the and the numbers are coming in and these idiots over at the conspiracy theory channel MSDNC, they're mocking and laughing at the idea that this is the number one issue.Well, I have a question, are you going to be giggling in front of Laken, not Lincoln, Laken Riley's parents who probably will never recover and ever be the same again, or in the Commonwealth of Virginia, the 14-year-old girl that was brutally raped by an illegal immigrant? Are they going to giggle in front of the parents of that 14-year-old girl or that girl herself?I don't know what's particularly funny here because it is happening all across the country.PIRRO: The sad part of this, Sean, is that I spent years stealing and trying to help and heal these victims and their families. This is like a thunderbolt that comes out of nowhere and their lives are forever affected, and it affects their family and their friends and the community, and this is all preventable but for the fact that Jose Ibarra was in this country or all the other illegals, how many have we heard of just this week an illegal shot a 2-year-old in the face, literally killed a 2-year-old.We've got to recognize. Here in New York City, we've got Tren de Aragua (ph), they just found a body. It's probably -- it's cut up -- it's probably MS-13.Joe Biden is responsible. But for Joe Biden reversing Trump policies, none of this would be happening. And Joe Biden wants to criticize Donald Trump?You know, I used to, Sean, I used to look forward to the State of the Union. I love it. I'm an American. I love politics.I used to stand up and cheer because I felt great to be an American, whether you were a Democrat or I didn't care, this man is the most divisive president we have ever had and that amped up performance last night was really a pathetic, divisive battle campaign speech and it was inappropriate for where we are in this country right now, from the guy who was supposed to be the healer in chief.HANNITY: Judge, we always love having you. Thank you for being with us.All right. Up next, a father was accused of drugging his daughter's friends at a sleepover.Plus, remember the armorer for that movie "Rust"? Well, that armorer was just convicted of involuntary manslaughter. What does that now mean for Alec Baldwin who apparently now is up next?Pam Bondi, Mark Geragos, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So earlier this week in New Mexico, remember the armorer for the film "Rust" was now convicted of involuntary manslaughter charges after she handed Alec Baldwin that loaded gun that he somehow fired, killing one of his co-workers on the set. Now what could this mean for Baldwin's case?Well, let's bring in former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, defense attorney Mark Geragos.Pam, they convicted her in three hours. That was pretty quick. I was kind of amazed by it, but there's definitely culpability here. There was a lot of talk about in the lead-up to this event that a lot of discussion about how things were not safe on the set, not being dealt with. And wasn't that Alec Baldwin's responsibility?PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yes, Sean, it was because he was the executive producer. There had been complaints to him about that. You know, it wasn't in the script for him to pull the trigger on the gun or to point the gun, yet he says the cinematographer told him to do that, and witnesses are going to say otherwise. He says he didn't pull the trigger, yet forensic experts are going to say otherwise.You know, he gave a really bad interview in my opinion with George Stephanopoulos. I think the prosecutors are going to play that. And you know, when he was interrogated, that interrogation video showed zero lack of empathy for the victim or the victim's family. All he cared about was himself, and he's not charged with murder, only reckless disregard for human life, which is involuntary manslaughter. I think they've got a great case against him.HANNITY: You know, Mark, you're a great defense attorney. I'm interested in how you might represent Alec if you were the attorney of record here. Whoever let him do this interview on ABC I think was insane because that's when he said he did not pull the trigger. I happen to have been a pistol marksman since I'm about 11 or 12, and firearms do not fire themselves. It takes a certain amount of effort for that to happen.MARK GERAGOS, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Hey, I will tell you I've been on the receiving end of clients who have done ABC interviews in the past and just shake my head before I represented him. I'm sure that his lawyer wished that he could have tackled him before he did that interview because you're absolutely right and Pam's right, it's that's going to be front and center. I've sat there. I've watched it in these trials when you have to get around that and deal with it.Now you also have -- they -- I think last time we talked -- we mentioned the fact they they've got a preview of what's coming. And I will tell you, he was -- he wasn't sitting at the counsel table in this trial but, boy, they -- his name was mentioned. He was invoked. He -- they laid all their blame at him and it did not work.And I think he's going to have to really think hard. I don't think there's any way he cannot take the stand, and I say that with great reluctance because generally, I wait until the case gets to the point where you have to make that decision. I think he has to take the stand here, and I think he has to deal with the fact that he never meant to do this and that his state of mind was not reckless.So it's a tough, tough -- it's hard lift.HANNITTY: That's going to be hard because I wonder in the mind of jurors, how many people are going to be thinking, is he acting? He's an actor. That certainly will be brought up.All right, meanwhile, in the state of Oregon, a dad by the way is now facing several charges after allegedly now while serving his 12-year-old old daughter's friends drug laced smoothies during a sleepover. One of the girls reporting that the dad was doing quote test to make sure that the girls were asleep.Boy, I -- you know, I have many, many friends and I was very reluctant Pam as a dad, never particularly liked the idea of sleepovers unless I really knew the parents very well, and I had a -- I had a number of occasions where I disappointed children because dad was being too hard. I don't -- this is scary.BONDI: Absolutely. It's so scary and this guy is a predator and his picture should be plastered all over this country. Those little girls were so brave and, you know, the parents conceded they said, hey, we didn't know this guy well, we didn't know this family well, yet we let them go over and spend the night with his daughter.It's horrific and these little girls are so lucky to be alive, but at least the parents did the right thing. When the little girls called -- kept calling repeatedly to reach the parents, got him out of the house. This guy needs to be locked up in prison. It's horrible what he did to these little girls.A message to parents, don't let your children do sleepovers unless you know the families very, very well.HANNITY: Yeah, they call them like sleep unders now, I think where the kids go over they'll have a pizza party and the other parents will be there and then they end up in their pajamas going home.Mark, I think -- it gets me angry personally, I feel it viscerally if you hurt a child. To me, I think that's the worst thing anybody can do. You know, it just shows you how -- how times have changed, how frightening things are.GERAGOS: Well, you know, I have a good friend Adam Corolla, the comedian, who lives in the neighborhood and we often joked around when we were raising our kids and while he's -- his are still in high school, he used to say, you know, you have to wonder about either the father or the mother that really wants to have a bunch of kids go on either on a sleepover or go away out on one of these trips or things like that. I mean, I would be more comfortable with a guy who gets dragged along on something like that as opposed to somebody who eagerly jumps into that kind of a situation.This is a parent's worst nightmare in a lot of ways. I mean, you -- you're outsourcing your parental responsibility to somebody that you don't know or don't have any kind of a track record with, and I think it -- I'm with you. It scares me and you wouldn't want it to happen your kids, let alone your grandkids. So he's -- he's got a -- he's got a real -- another person who's got a heavy lift here.HANNITY: Yeah. You're both right. All right. Mark, good to see you. Pam, always great to see you. Appreciate both of you.When we come back, the one, the only Jimmy Failla has a lot to say about Biden's performance and he has an announcement about me. You don't want to miss it, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Critics, they're calling out Biden State of the Union Address for being a an angry campaign speech. We call him jacked up Joe, full of bizarre shouting.Let's take a look at some of Biden's little outburst from last night. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: No billionaire should pay a lower federal tax rate than a teacher, a sanitation worker, or nurse.We can fight about fixing the border or we can fix it. I'm ready to fix it. Send me the border bill now.Stop denying another core value of America, our diversity across American life. Banning books, is wrong. Instead of erasing history, that's make history.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, the host of the hit show "FOX News Saturday Night", the one and only Jimmy Failla is here.And all right, before we get to Joey -- before we get to Joey, you might be putting your career in jeopardy, you know, with this announcement. I figured I'd give you the honors.JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": Let's be very clear. Okay, if anyone's putting their career in jeopardy, it's you, the host of the longest running show in cable news history who has agreed to stoop down and come on my show --HANNITY: Oh, stop.FAILLA: -- the newest show in cable news history.HANNITY: Stoop down, really?FAILLA; Sean, let me just tell -- well, let me just tell you what you're getting yourself into, we're going episode 8 this weekend which is five episodes longer than any of us thought this show would last, okay? We actually lost a lot of money in Vegas by making it to episode 8, but if you're coming on board, I can see us hitting double digits. I might have to put in another bet.HANNITY: Oh, man. All right. I've been actually thinking about -- I have no idea what your reaction is going to be. I call him jacked up Joe, we have regular Joe Biden that, you know, mumbles, bumbles, stumbles, doesn't know whether to exit at stage left or right. But, man, how many Red Bulls, Jimmy?Tell me, what was that last night? The screaming of every -- of every line in the speech, he screamed.FAILLA: I figured it out, Sean, because you know how he was -- he was so angry and aggressive. I think he accidentally ate one of Commander's dog treats. You know the dog that keeps biting every --HANNTITY: Yeah, 24 Secret Service guys.FAILLA: You know, the dog that bites everybody in the White House.HANNITY: Yeah.FAILLA: Yeah. I -- we got to check the stats and see if any Secret Service guys got bit last night.HANNITY: Honestly, that probably is as good at theory as any, right?Do you think people buy this?FAILLA: No, no, no, no, no, no. Sean, when he started shouting at the Republicans about fix the border, he's like sign the border bill, okay? The border bill fixes the border the way OJ fixes a marriage, okay? It's not a good solution.The problem isn't going to go away and that's the issue it's that he was so screamy and self-righteous, but he wasn't correct. And I have to tell you this as a guy who performs for a living and goes on stage so much of your act has to do with where you position your material. With all due respect, none of us support what Vladimir Putin is doing in Russia but if you're opening the state of our union at a time when 70 percent of the people think you're going in the wrong direction as a country, I don't think Ukraine is the opening bit. You dig?It's like we have a driver who's driving the wrong way down the highway and now he has the hiccups. That doesn't make us feel any better.HANNITY: All right. This might be my favorite story of the week and that new study that that shows that electric cars emit more or particulate pollution than gas powered cars. Now, I guess these particulars come from tire wear and electric cars are far heavier which leads to the faster wear and tear. Oh, so they were wrong the whole time, and the American people had already in large numbers and I'm -- people want an EV, fine, go get one. But don't shove it down America's throat, if they don't want it.But that was interesting.FAILLA: Yeah. I love that so much and there's another form of pollution that you forget about, which is the fact that everybody who owns an electric car has to work it into the first sentence of every conversation. It's like veganism on wheels, you know what I'm saying? So, you've got the air pollution to go with it.But I just want to be clear with the American people. I was skipping the purchase of an electric car for the old-fashioned reasons which was the price tag, okay? As a former New York City cab driver, the only way I'm getting a Tesla is if I steal one. But unfortunately in New York, they're harder to steal than they are to buy because there's people stealing them already.HANNITY: Right, and they're so much heavier and by the way, you have to pillage Mother Earth to get the magnesium and the cobalt and the minerals to build the thing, weighs a lot more, wear and tear on the -- on the asphalt and they cost a lot more. I'm not against them. I'm -- I'm -- I believe in choice.I have a friend of mine has a Tesla, loves it.FAILLA: Yeah, it's great. But you know who's hurt the most by this finding is China because they make the most money off all the rare earth minerals and everything else we've got to do to make these vehicles. So the maddest person right now might not be our president -- well, it is kind of our president, Xi Jinping. He's probably the most devastated.HANNITY: He probably is.All right. You sure you want to do this? You still have time to back out, not tomorrow, but next Saturday --(CROSSTALK)FAILLA: I don't -- I don't know who you upset.HANNITY: I'm giving up a Saturday night for. I just want you to know that.FAILLA: I know who you upset that you got this assignment.HANNITY: I got this assignment.FAILLA: I'm flattered. This is a big deal, Sean. You had a good run. You had a good run.HANNITY: All right. Jimmy Failla, we'll be watching Saturday night. Thank you.When we come back, gold star father arrested at Biden State of the Union last night, no. Those charges need to be dropped and we have a big announcement right after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. A Gold Star father a marine killed in the tragic terrorist bombing during Biden's disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal in 2021, he was arrested last night for heckling Biden during a State of the Union Address. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Year before I took office, murder rates went up 30 percent, 30 percent they went up.(INAUDIBLE)BIDEN: The biggest increase in history. It was then -- through no -- through my American Rescue Plan.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: They arrested this father, a mourning father, Gold Star father. Can we please let him go? I mean, seriously? He'll join us for an exclusive interview on Monday's show. We hope you'll join us as well.Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity." In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld is standing buy to put a smile on the face. Have a great weekend.