SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: We hope you'll join us as well. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity in the meantime let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: That's funny. (Inaudible) That was really good. Oh, yeah. All right, it's Friday so you know what that means. Let's welcome tonight's guests. He's the only one on the panel who still looks like his yearbook picture. Host of the Guy Benson show, Guy Benson. If only his jokes were as sharp as his razors. Comedian and founder of Western Razor Company, David Angelo.She's like a pothole, when she's on the street, people are always trying to avoid her. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And finally, he trims his beard with a grazing flock of sheep. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. All right. Before we get to some new stories, let's do this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Greg's leftovers. Mm.GUTFELD: It's leftovers where I read the jokes, we didn't use this week. And as always, it's my first time reading them. So if they suck, we'll force Joe Machi eat a bucket of mayonnaise with his toes. All right, so during the State of the Union Thursday night, President Biden said wealthy people should pay their fair share of taxes. Not so fast says one man. But after Joe Biden's hyper frenetic speed read of his speech, it's safe to say authorities now know who the White House coke belonged to. All in all, however, Republicans have to admit Joe's got something their candidate doesn't, a good dealer.Also, during the speech of protesters stood up and screamed unintelligibly. What a jerk. Didn't you know the only person who could do that at the State of the Union is the president? Meanwhile, more than a dozen Democratic Congress women wore white to bring attention to women's rights. Oh, I'm sorry. Those were Biden's nurses. Yeah, one hit. Democrats scolded Biden for referring to the murderer of Laken Riley as an illegal talk about priorities. Next thing you know, they'll scold MSNBC for calling a mental patient a TV host.Unnecessary but good. 57-year-old Mike Tyson will face a 27-year-old Jake Paul in a boxing match that will stream on Netflix. Tyson says he plans to kiss the fit out of him. I hope he's not watching. Fans are looking forward to an exciting fight or as the New York Times calls it another young white man beating up an elderly black male. Pittsburgh area nudist group is renting out an ally for a naked bowling night. All participants are asked to keep an eye on their own ball bags.9 Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia have been convicted for their religious beliefs. But lawyers think they won't enter prison as no one will answer the door for them. A Florida man has pleaded guilty to illegally selling thousands of turtles. The judge rejected his claim for lenient -- leniency since business was slow. That's for the kids. You can clip that out and they can listen to that one.Outrage after an Oklahoma School held a fundraiser where that students lick peanut butter off each other's toes. Official -- school officials defended the practice saying you need peanut butter to go with the toe jam.This week, Harrison Ford got a colonoscopy to the Indiana Jones theme song. In a related story Richard Gere got a call colonoscopy to the theme song to Alvin and the Chipmunks. joke will never go away, will it? It's not even true. Anyway, you remember Rose Montoya, the transgender influencer, who went topless at a White House event. Rose now says his dog is also trans because he was neutered. I guess that means Prince Harry is trans too. New reports say that a Jack Russell Terrier, bit off a man's penis. But Police are working effortlessly to return the penis back to its owner. It's been attacked by dogs.The New York Times is being sued after firing an employee in need of brain surgery. True, imagine the Times did that to every employee in need of brain surgery. It would be empty, like that stock photo of an empty office.GEORGE 'TYRUS' MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well played.GUTFELD: Thank you. This weekend, we're supposed to set our clocks forward an hour for daylight savings time. That means you lose an hour, which means more to some people than others. New data shows that more people have been killed on New York City subway system since the start of 2020 than in the 15 years prior. But as Mayor Adams points out, it's never been easier to get a seat. Grim. John Kerry says people would feel better about the war in Ukraine if Russia would reduce its emissions. People would also feel better if John Kerry would go back to his home on Easter Island.I'll take it. I'll take it. The Veterans Health Administration has overruled plans to ban the famous V-J Day photo because it didn't meet today's standards for consent. Apparently, RimaAnn Nelson the bureaucrat behind the band doesn't like seaman. It's in the Navy. It's in the Navy, guys. Finally on The View last week, Whoopi Goldberg fantasized about Joe Biden jailing every Republican. Well, Joe -- Joy Behar fantasized about the usual. Don't applaud that. I don't need your mercy clap.Now to that news, Biden was feeble, but at least he said illegal. And so Democrats boo because Biden said something true. It's time for --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The spectacle from the receptacle.GUTFELD: Nice. Thank you. So last night, President Biden addressed the nation in his State of the Union. Too bad the nation was Ukraine. But then he took indirect swipes at Trump and contrasted saving democracy against the threat of extremism. You could see it coming. Without achievements, all you have are attacks. But it makes you wonder which president is the one that's out for revenge, the one having fun while being sued, or the other shouting at the sky like a stranded castaway at passing planes.Biden seems to want to settle more scores than a geriatric John Wick. Of course, afterwards, Democrats cherry pick moments of clarity and the rest of us point out what's left, the endless accelerated gibberish spewing from Biden's piehole. It was all sound and fury signifying senility. But it's all part of a theatrical display of tribal pickleball. A back and forth of groans and cheers, which is why Trump seems so weird, being part of it to begin with. Who knew that a game show host tycoon was the one who couldn't fit into this asinine artifice. But there was one moment that crystallized what we're dealing with here. It's the unforgivable repellent response to this car crash moment. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's not about him. It's not about me. I'd be a winner. Not really. I --AUDIENCE: (inaudible)BIDEN: Lincoln -- Laken Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal. That's right. But how many of thousands of people are being killed by illegals? To her parents, I say my heart goes out to you having lost children myself.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You catch any of that? First Joe called Laken Riley, the murdered nursing student Lincoln Riley. Lincoln Riley. I mean, I don't blame him. It's probably the first time he even heard of the poor girl. And I give him points for trying, the bar is so low for Joe and grateful he didn't call her Charles Nelson Reilly. But were the media and the Libs pissed off at that? No, that would mean they actually have a heart. What was worse than mangling the victim's name was miss labeling her vicious attacker, her vicious killer. Here's Nancy expressing disgust over Joe's use of the word illegal to describe Laken's killer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): He should have said undocumented but it's not a big thing. OK. What's the big thing --DANA BASH, CNN ANCHOR: I was -- I actually wasn't even going to ask about that. I was just going to ask more about the moment, but you do think that he should have said undocumented? That wasn't going to be my question.PELOSI: We usually say undocumented, he said illegal.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Think about that. The takeaway for CNN anchor Dana Bash, is the word allocated for a murderer, not the President's ignorance and ambivalence over the victim. Feelings of murderers matter more than their victims or their families. But remember, these are the same people who chastise anyone who misgenders, murderous men who claim to be women. we must comply to their evil demands, even if they don't comply to the laws of humanity. Leave it to the New York Times to chime in, quote, "Mr. Biden's use of the term triggered immediate backlash from liberal Democrats and immigration advocates, who accused the President of dehumanizing undocumented migrants by highlighting the killing and using the term 'illegal.'"So Biden accidentally told the truth and called an illegal immigrant and illegal and the media pounces. Come on, guys. It's not like Joe let a criminal into the country who murdered a jogger. Oh, wait, he did. So Joe butchers a young woman's name who was already butchered by someone who got in because Joe butchered the border. And the press isn't angry that Laken Riley was brutally murdered. They're angry that somebody noticed. But how's Joe taking all of this the day after his speech?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM SHILLUE ACTING LIKE BIDEN: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I feel really good, man. I feel really good. I don't really remember it but I had both guns blazing. I had the yell. I had the whisper. I had the yell. I had the whisper. And then come November I got an October surprise. I'll put them all together and I'm going to debut. (inaudible)(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Guy, I'm aware it was way past your bedtime. But I'm sure you were able to stay up extra late to watch the address. What did you make of it? What were the highs and lows for you?GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: So I know it's my job to watch something like this and then opine on it. But yesterday was my birthday.GUTFELD: Oh.BENSON: So I gave myself the gift. Thank you. Thanks. -- Like turning 25. He's just bitter because he wasn't invited to the Sweet 16. We wouldn't want you in any way. Chucky Cheese has very strict security. But I gave myself the birthday gift of not watching the State of the Union address. And I feel like I'm standing by that decision. That whole spectacle that you just showed about Laken Riley and the back and forth with the member of Congress, decked out in red. I'm sort of glad to have missed all of that.The thing that is sort of interesting about the parsing around using the term illegal. I feel like, and you alluded to this, if you come into the country illegally, and then you go to multiple cities and commit multiple crimes, culminating in a murder. I think at some point you have earned the word illegal.GUTFELD: Right.BENSON: And for -- on multiple levels and for people to be upset about that, shows you how demented our politics are right now. Deeply, deeply demented.GUTFELD: Yeah. By assigning xenophobia to using the phrase illegally, it protects any corrective response against their ideology.BENSON: He's a newcomer, right. He's a new comes.GUTFELD: He's a new comer. David, good to see you as always. I'm sure you were glued to the TV and your tiny hovel in your bed sit.DAVID ANGELO, COMEDIAN: It's true. I have a small apartment. But I tell you I thought Biden was on fire last night.GUTFELD: Yeah.ANGELO: By that I mean, I thought he looked like a burned victim. Like what's going on with his actual like phase?GUTFELD: I do not know.ANGELO: I mean, we are being ruled by -- did you see this shot even like the all the congress people, it's like we're being ruled by Halloween decorations.GUTFELD: It's so true.ANGELO: I's an issue for me.GUTFELD: It is. They're and they're sitting there taking -- this is what kills me as he's walking in -- they're all like getting in to take selfies. And these are people that should not have pictures of themselves around.ANGELO: I know.GUTFELD: Hideous.ANGELO: It's disgusting.GUTFELD: If they can't take care of themselves, how can they represent us?ANGELO: It's a nightmare. And I couldn't -- I don't even know what he said in the speech. I turned the captions on, it just said you tell me.GUTFELD: Nicely done.ANGELO: Thank you.GUTFELD: Shall I move on now or do you have anything else you'd like to say?ANGELO: Yeah, that's about it. I peaked.TYRUS: Knowing when to go was always the best.ANGELO: Yeah.GUTFELD: Kat, how were you watching? This was it -- I get the sense that you have the same feeling that we all do with? This is just like --KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: There isn't Adderall for the rest of us.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: That's what -- he was like, super fired up, for sure. And there is an Adderall shortage. So I felt like being -- I was being taunted almost. The guy that was yelling, that ran and he was actually a gold star father.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: Whose son was killed in Afghanistan.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: And then the man was arrested.GUTFELD: Exactly.TIMPF: I feel like whenever he comes down from whatever he was on last night, the first thing you should do is have all those charges be dropped immediately. I also think when I was watching it, the fact that he started with Ukraine, I thought that I missed some because I was watching. I was watching it in bed like the cat here, the dog here. I was watching it. I was like, I missed the beginning. I wasn't paying attention. I was like, oh, no, no, that is what he decided.GUTFELD: Yeah, that -- that was the starting point.TIMPF: That's his starting point was -- how about when you're the president of a country, you start by talking about your own country?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: That seems to me like that's what I would go with.GUTFELD: Right. Exactly. And the great things about the country may be you can -- I mean, even if you want to talk about our country's border first or second, but not the Ukraine's border, and then going into threats to democracy, abroad and home how he worked that together.TIMPF: It's just so weird, all the Democrats like standing and cheering for war. I was like things have changed.GUTFELD: Yeah, they really have, they really have. Tyrus, I was following you on Twitter. You were kind of or X, you were you were not pleased.TYRUS: No. To be fair, I asked for Elmer Fudd to interpret so. Someone who could break it down. But Kat makes a great point that I just hit me right now. He didn't talk about America at all.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: He didn't talk about one thing that we cared about. He talked about Ukraine to appease Ukraine. He mentioned the border was kind of on accident.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And then the lady in red got him to -- and that's honestly that's I turned it off. Because I was doing play by play, I was trying to like, but I was having a lot of questions like, what the hell he just say, and then - - and then it was you almost get used to the uncomfortableness then he hits his patent in whisper. Once he whispers, you know it's about to go off the rails. And it does. And normally, you have an uncomfortable laugh. But because he chose to do his thing on a young lady who was brutally murdered in this country, I said, I'm turning it off.So I turned it off. I -- I'm done. One is too many. And it used to be OK to say that in this country, it used to be OK for leadership to come out and be like this happened. It's not going to happen again. We used to name things after the victims, we used to put in Acts and special task force, and we would change the way we do things when somebody's innocent life was taken. And none of that. It's the goes back to the phrase. Well, we break a few eggs.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And all I ask is, Mr. President, if you're going to break the eggs, at least know their name.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: At least give us that.GUTFELD: Yeah. He -- the emphasis on the priorities tell you everything. And I mean, he's still included, shrinkflation, the lack of potato chips. That's what America is worried about, not enough potato chips.BENSON: Like the most obvious and predictable thing was going to be if he did not fall over and drool on himself, Democrats would say this was a triumph of rhetoric.GUTFELD: Exactly.BENSON: And they come out the next day being like he's got his mojo back.GUTFELD: Exactly.BENSON: Wait, wait four minutes.GUTFELD: Exactly.TYRUS: And who was the genius to tell him to say predecessor? Like why -- it started out predecessor then was -- that it was predecessor.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Then it was predator.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: It was (inaudible).GUTFELD: It was bad.TYRUS: Again I was like who is in the (BEEP) back that thought telling him, hey, say predecessor?GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: At this point if he just said demand, so just to say Trump --GUTFELD: Exactly.TYRIS: It becomes easier. It's not hard to say Trump.GUTFELD: One syllable. All right, we got to move on. Up next; would you renounce your race for a discount at North Face.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.GUTFELD: Five words; Mother Nature is a racist. Tyrus, I go to you for no particular reason. In the UK, the clothing brand North Face is offering a 20 percent discount to shoppers if they take an hour long racial inclusion course which claim that white people can't experience racism and that the outdoors is oppressive against black people. Do you think this is good to make the consumer do that like if you do this? Is this going to make black people happy? Shouldn't they just get a discount on the clothes?TYRUS: You know what. This is why it sucks. This is why I hate (BEEP) Black History Month because they always come out with some new cool thing. Just - - and it's offensive. Not even -- forget the fact that apparently trees would be like, oh, negros and lean the other way. Every time I go to jump in the ocean, it moves, like racist ass ocean won't let me in. It's the -- the reward is more insulting than the so called act. Apparently, brothers, we're only worth 20 percent off. Like --GUTFELD: 1/5th.TYRUS: I mean, what 50 percent, 75 percent, 80 percent. If they make it 80, I'll go in there and be like, I am a horrible black person. I was born -- I always wanted to be Asian my whole life for 80 percent. But nobody's denouncing for 20 even the -- 20 percent?GUTFELD: It's but it's true.TYRUS: They can do better than that. They can do better than that.GUTFELD: If they really meant it, they would not give it to the white people taking the course, they'd just give it to black people in general. Kat, if you look at the executives of North Face, it's almost all white faces. Could that be the reason?TIMPF: Well, the reason isn't -- I would hope. I mean, they must have actually Googled what the diversity of courses before they decided to do this maybe. The -- the truth is, these things don't work. There's so much research that shows these courses don't work; in some cases it can make things worse. But that's the weird thing is it wasn't about that it was it's a business, right? So they're trying to show that they care I get -- but that's such a weird thing to do, right to be like, hey, we're not just any fleece company.Like we're a fleece company that, like black people thinks it's like they should be able to enjoy the outdoors. It's like cringe and strange to me. Absolutely. But I probably would do it.GUTFELD: Because you'd like a sale.TIMPF: I'm Polish. There are few things I wouldn't do for a discount. They know what I'm talking about.GUTFELD: Yeah. David, you're a rugged outdoorsman.ANGELO: That's true. I am.GUTFELD: Yeah. Do you go there because there aren't any black people?ANGELO: Zoom tight on my response. No, I mean, I think it's kind of funny to teach privilege to people who are struggling financially to buy a coat.GUTFELD: Yeah. Yes.ANGELO: It's like a yeah, yeah. What year was RGB born? I need to buy some mittens here.GUTFELD: I don't get it.ANGELO: See what they're doing is they're giving you a course.GUTFELD: Right.ANGELO: On basically social justice.GUTFELD: Yes.ANGELO: What was -- cut this part?GUTFELD: I'm leaving it to you --TYRUS: You're right. Because no, no, because he's right, Gutfeld.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Sometimes things go over his head because he's small. Mind.ANGELO: Yeah.TYRUS: But --GUTFELD: You guys are ganging up on me. And --TYRUS: You're right because you won't do for that sale, because it's an hour class of the white person telling you how to be better around black people to other white people. It's the dumbest thing ever.BENSON: I like how well he's explained this. And he says white person, he points directly at me. And factcheck true, right. So North Face is the widest brand in the world. I of course own -- they could use -- they could just do their logo over and have it be my face because I'm the target demo. And what I'm sort of confused about is if the outdoors are racist, and North Face is an outdoors brand, should they not just liquidate their business and run away.GUTFELD: Right, exactly.BENSON: Because they are complicit.GUTFELD: Yes. Or give -- or -- or everybody the executives need to resign; all the white guys need to resign and be replaced by --TYRUS: Tyrus.GUTFELD: Tyrus.TYRUS: No. Double down, go the other way. Be like, yeah, we're racist.BENSON: Like you're going to add hoods to the jacket.GUTFELD: Oh, fleece hoods.TYRUS: Yeah, like --GUTFELD: Fleece hoods.TYRUS: Go the other way. Like --BENSON: With little eye holes.GUTFELD Little eye homes.TYRUS: If you're racist and looking to have a picnic, you're coming to come to us. We got you.ANGELO: My problem with it, Greg, is just the shameless self-promotion.GUTFELD: Yeah.ANGELO: And you know, if you want to get 10 percent off at Western Razor.com, you don't need to do a course. Just use -- just use promo code, Greg.GUTFELD: I will do that if you have a promo code, Greg, would you give 10 percent off on your razors?ANGELO: Yes, I will do that.GUTFELD: Because now you have to do it.ANGELO: All right.GUTFELD: Yeah. I'm not sure but I think you've just lost money.ANGELO: I have been losing money from the beginning.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Ladies and gentlemen, Greg Gutfeld is an influencer now.GUTFELD: Yes, I am.GUY BENSON, POLITICAL EDITOR, TOWNHALL.COM: And if you use promo code "Guy" you don't -- razors aren't necessary.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.ANGELO: I'm going to add 10 percent through the weekend.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Through the weekend, very smart.Up next, firefighters shout down a Trump hating clown.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Our Video of the Day comes to us from the New York Fire Department promotion ceremony where New York Attorney General Letitia James, the one who is suing the hell out of Trump, was met with a chorus of boos and Trump chants. Roll it, Doris.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would like to introduce our next speaker, Attorney General Letitia James.(BOOS)LETITIA JAMES (D), NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL: Come on, we are in a house of God.(BOOS)JAMES: First -- simmer down. Thank you, thank you. Thank you for getting out of your system. I want to thank Commissioner Kavanaugh and Chief Hodgens for the recognition.CROWD: Trump! Trump! Trump!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: David, in my perspective, and I'm sure it's probably yours, too, though, I don't know, I would rather have fans in the fire department than in the media, right? Joy Reid isn't going to rescue your three cats.ANGELO: Exactly. When the apartment is burning, Chris Hayes isn't coming up the ladder to carry me down. I need those Trump people in those jobs.GUTFELD: And they are. They are.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, it shows this disconnect, it's an encapsulation of this disconnect between the blue-collar and the modern progressive movement. It's now elites, and they are punishing the rabble, and the rabble who, the person that represents them being Trump.TIMPF: It's also just interesting because she is probably in such a bubble, right. I feel like if some people don't realize that there actually are people who do support Trump.GUTFELD: Yes, yes.TIMPF: They see the numbers, they see that he's the nominee, but that just seems like some amorphous thing that they don't really understand. So when she is faced with it, I feel like she was like, OK. She should have expected something like that to happen, quite honestly, but she doesn't know. She doesn't know that this is out there.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: So she was more uncomfortable than I think she would have been if she would have been a little more prepared.GUTFELD: You know, Guy, what did she expect, right? We have a crime problem here, and she's going and reverse engineering some kind of weird corporate crime for a political enemy rather than dealing with what's going on.BENSON: But in the house of God, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes.BENSON: How could they? How could they? My favorite part of the clip, and the edit there is perfect. She's like, well, I'm glad you got out of your system. Cut to Trump chanting. It was not out of their system, clearly.(LAUGHTER)BENSON: And she brought this on herself. If she did not decide to be a hyperpolitical and politicized law enforcement official, she would have been spared the billing from the people at the ceremony. She made a choice, and there's a lot of people who disagree with the choice, and she can take the heat. She should be able to, at least.GUTFELD: It is. It's also a hint of how these lawsuits aren't hurting Trump. They're just elevating him to a folk hero status.TYRUS: You have to understand, the road that the progressive was on was paved with heroics. They are heroes, and they were told they were heroes on social media. So they live in that illusion, that bubble. And they think social media is billions of people telling them they are great. They're not. They're 10 percent of 10 percent.And then they step out into the real world and realize that they are not the hero. They are the villain. And it is hard for them because that is not the way they see it, and they don't understand. Her body language, after she said house of God she flipped her hair, like she was -- because she wanted to say something else, like how dare you. She was expecting -- and if you talk people with this mindset, this Trump derangement syndrome, they expect every time they go in to a room to speak they're going to get standing ovations. Like they have saved -- they believe the -- that they spew. Like, they really believe that she saved democracy. She stopped the orange monster from taking over the world, even though he had the job before and didn't do that.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: She is still protecting us from that. And that craziness, she goes in to the real world and you step out into the thing, and you think -- it's like everyone thinks they're the most handsome guy in their neighborhood and the fastest guy in the neighborhood until they actually go out in the neighborhood and find out that they are not as good looking, their mother is a liar, and the new shoes made no difference at all. They got smoked. So this is what she is going through.GUTFELD: Yes, and she lived on social media, always tweeting about how Trump owes all this money. She was in this universe and then she goes outside. I love the fact that I know you guys probably deal with this -- you guys not so much -- but being recognized, you may not get recognized by most New Yorkers, but you definitely are by the firemen. They watch the hell out of this show, because they're up late. I love you.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: I'm just going to go walk around outside a fire station later. I'm just going to go walk around outside the fire station in full glam.TYRUS: If you do, you're going to end up with a lot of hats, some coins, some patches, and maybe they'll let you pet the dalmatian.BENSON: I'll see you there, Kat.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Guy, filthy man.All right, they once rescued me from an elevator.TYRUS: Didn't you also --GUTFELD: No, stop it, stop it.TYRUS: You also got rescued from your bedroom.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true. Not by the firemen, though.TYRUS: The dog --ANGELO: They were dressed as firemen.TYRUS: He was rescued by a dog nanny. If there's anything worse than that, the dog nanny saved him.GUTFELD: It happened. I learned my lesson.TYRUS: Nanny for a dog saved him.GUTFELD: I learned my lesson.TYRUS: I'll say it again. The nanny of his dog saved him.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, is DeSantis a party prover for deploying spring break troopers?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Spring break gets no break. Kat, Governor Ron DeSantis is sending 140 state troopers to spring break destinations around Florida -- that doesn't seem like a lot -- to keep crowds under control. They're going to have these strict new measures that will end -- they'll have curfews, DUI checkpoints. They're going to have drone surveillance, and they're going to have residential patrols. Is this a war on alcohol poisoning?TIMPF: Yes, I was going to say, tough break for chlamydia.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I'd hate to be chlamydia this spring break. Yes, because stuff like this you normally could say, oh, but don't you want it to contribute to your economy? It doesn't. Spring break, they throw up on the economy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, they do.TIMPF: They don't buy anything, because these are college kids. They'll be buying booze, carrying it with them, just getting drunk in public and throwing up everywhere. So yes, I think I could definitely -- it was crazy last year.GUTFELD: Yes. If you can't control the fun they eliminate the fun. You need some rules, people. Guy, how do you celebrate spring break?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You get your fleece thong on from north face.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Make a big picture of old fashions and sit on the veranda and sing Celine Dion to the --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: This is very specific.GUTFELD: Anyway, I'm sorry. I was daydreaming.(LAUGHTER)BENSON: Hang on, I actually have H.R. on speaker. Did you get all that?(LAUGHTER)BENSON: I cut it out --(LAUGHTER)BENSON: What was the question, Greg?GUTFELD: The question is, OK, do they need spring break anymore? College is basically spring break forever?BENSON: I have no opposition to spring break. I just feel like you can maybe rein it in a little bit. And if you can't do it on your own, having a few extra cops around doesn't seem like a problem. Why is there outrage over just a bit more of a heavy law enforcement presence? I did spend my spring break mostly playing board games and reading, but I know other people enjoy different things, and I think having some adult supervision is perfectly OK.GUTFELD: Is this like the National Guard in the subway now? It's like because we can't police ourselves anymore, we hand it over to the state.TYRUS: I think the people in the subway would be good with that, but in this situation, this just sounds like, DeSantis also I read in the article he didn't like group dancing. He wanted to make sure there was no dancing on the beach. And I thought man, "Footloose 2" is going to be awesome.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: This is literally an 80s teen movie right here. Man, you run for president, and the next thing you know you are the bad guy in every 80s movie with your rules and stuff. But spring break for them anyways, they have safe break in school. They're not going to pay their loans and we're going to let them party? No, no.GUTFELD: Exactly.TYRUS: Absolutely not, no.GUTFELD: Save your money and pay off your damn loans.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: David, you're a notorious wild man. Do you have any memories of spring break that you can share on TV.ANGELO: Spring break, I used to go in the fall. You get better deals.(LAUGHTER)ANGELO: But they don't need the National Guard. Just put Chris Christie on the beach there in a folding chair, shut the whole thing down.GUTFELD: Exactly. All right, up next, answering viewer mail, it never gets stale.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yep, you are watching Mailing It In.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Welcome to Mailing It In. The first question from Karen Otto asks "If you could go on vacation with any FNC host," and let's leave us out of this one, OK, that's too easy, "who would it be and why?" Guy.BENSON: I can't leave you out of this, because we already do this together, and I always pay you back my half in cash.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: We'd have a great time.BENSON: We actually would.GUTFELD: It'd be like a buddy cop film.BENSON: We would wear sweaters very well.GUTFELD: Exactly, exactly. We'd probably just make plans and then cancel them.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Which is my vacation all the time.Tyrus?TYRUS: Wow, I just want to jump and roll with you guys.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Man, Judge Jeanine.GUTFELD: Yes.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: Listen, she's going to cook the whole time, which means she's going to be busy. Her first thing to tell is to get the hell away, she's cooking, don't bother me right now. So I get to do what I want to do. And if anyone shows up at that camp, bears, wolverines, they're not -- with Judge Jeanine, so I'm going to have a great trip.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, she will be armed and dangerous.David, I know you watch FOX religiously so you probably have a lot to choose from.ANGELO: I'm going to go with Lou Dobbs. Let's get crazy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Lou is no longer on the network.ANGELO: He's not? Jesus. Lou Dobbs isn't here anymore?GUTFELD: No, he's not here. Great man, though.ANGELO: Did he go out in a blaze of glory?GUTFELD: He might have.ANGELO: Sorry. I'm going with Tucker Carlson. Finally --(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: He's an outdoorsman. Tucker, he's a hunter, he's a fisherman.ANGELO: He has that camo bowtie.(LAUGHTER)ANGELO: Camo, you can't see him.GUTFELD: All right, Kat.TIMPF: Larry Kudlow.GUTFELD: Of course.TIMPF: He is so rich.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes. He doesn't strike me as somebody who gets up early.TIMPF: Exactly. He would probably be like here's a souvenir to remember our trip, and it would be a big bag of cash.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You guys would just be in robes all day.TIMPF: I don't want to fly commercial.GUTFELD: That's true. I'm going to go with Kudlow as well.TIMPF: See you there.GUTFELD: That'll be --TYRUS: Wow, nobody picked Jesse Watters?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: He would just take up all of the counter with his hair care products.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And vacuum pumps.All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Guy Benson, David Angelo, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)