SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY. And we are broadcasting from the great state of South Carolina, home of the Gamecocks, by the way.Anyway, tonight, I told you this would happen, that your president, Joe Biden, would get desperate and they'd go back to the Democratic playbook. And at 38 percent approval rating from Gallup and 86 percent of the people thinking he's too old to be president, well, he's that desperate.So what does he do? He resorts to using the worn out race card tactics to attack Republicans. You're not going to believe the lies that he's spewing this time.Now, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, he will join us in a few minutes, as well as Lindsey Graham.But first, tomorrow, former President Trump and former Governor Nikki Haley, they will square off in the South Carolina Republican presidential primary. Now, after coming in third in the Iowa caucuses, losing by double digits in New Hampshire, losing to the option of none of these candidates in Nevada by more than 30 points, I would argue that everything is pretty much on the line for Nikki Haley in her home state.Across the board, pundits are wondering, is this the last chance for former Governor Nikki Haley and the presidential primary? She has promised to stay in the race regardless of the results, but here's a problem and it's very real. According to the Real Clear Politics polling average, she trails former President Donald Trump by more than 25 points. That's a big margin.Now, I would argue as we get closer to Election Day, things always tighten up in the final days of a primary. But where will she win? What state will she win if she doesn't win her home state? And how would you know any double digit loss be in her home state?And while she spent the last week desperately making the case to voters in what is a last ditch effort -- well, there's a lot of ground to make up in one single day. And meanwhile, Nikki Haley's bus tour continues. Donald Trump, he held a huge primary eve rally in Rock Hill, South Carolina, tonight.Let's take a look at some of these highlights. Look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Tomorrow, you will cast one of the most important votes of your entire life. And honestly, we're not very worried about tomorrow. We want to aim toward a time called November 5th. That's what we need, November 5th.You've got to beat crooked Joe Biden if it's going to be him. I don't know if he's going to make it to the starting gate. We're going to do great tomorrow. But it's really important you get out and vote because as we want to send a signal to the real, the real hard line people, the people that are destroying our country, Joe Biden, we got to send them a signal that we're coming. We're going to send them a big.So get out tomorrow. We're going to win this state, and then we're going to tell crooked Joe Biden, you are fired. Get out of here. You're fired.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, earlier today, "FOX & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt, well, she spoke with voters in Columbia, South Carolina, by the way, her hometown ahead of election day tomorrow. And here's what they had to say. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AINSLEY EARHARDT, CO-HOST OF "FOX & FRIENDS": Tomorrow is the election. Are you going to go to the polls?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are. Yeah.EARHARDT: Who are you all voting for?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're going to vote for Trump.EARHARDT: Why is that?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have a very large family. And you know, we just need things they were not like this few years ago when he was in office. So we just want to see if we can get lower gas prices and lower groceries and things like that.EARHARDT: Voting tomorrow. Who are you voting for?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald J. Trump.EARHARDT: Okay, why is that?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because I like where we were four years ago.EARHARDT: Who are you voting for?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, Nikki Haley, but, I'm going to support whoever the Republican is that gets nominated in at the convention. And, so if President Trump gets the nomination, that's who I'm -- I will definitely support him.EARHART: You've already voted. Do you mind if I ask who you voted for?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We voted for Trump.EARHARDT: Okay. Why?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think we need some strength in this country. And having served in the military for over 26 years, I think we need to have that sort of mentality to be strong again.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am going to the polls tomorrow and I am on the fence. You know, I really am. I mean, I know Donald Trump did a fabulous job when he was president, and that just keeps hounding me. But sometimes I'd like a change, too. And, you know, Nikki Haley did so much for our state. And I'm just so proud of how well she has become as a woman. So I think I'll know when I walk in there tomorrow.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump, I'm voting for Trump.EARHARDT: Okay. What do you like about Trump?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He seems to get things done. He's concerned with the same things I'm concerned with, primarily the border. We -- I feel like we've already lost our country. I don't know that we'll ever get it back.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Here with more is the great podcast host, maybe soon to be vice chair of the RNC, I'm hearing these rumors all over the place. I heard you were put in charge of South Carolina, another rumor.Anyway, Lara Trump is back. Lara, great to have you.LARA TRUMP, PODCAST HOST: Thank you.And, Sean, I was actually in South Carolina all day on Wednesday. And let me just tell you something. The people of the state of South Carolina are ready to deliver a decisive victory tomorrow for Donald J. Trump.HANNITY: Yeah, I think when we get into the expectation game that that always can be. You know, a little a little slippery for a lot of people.However, we're looking at where we are, having been to Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and now South Carolina for a lot of presidential candidates. South Carolina do or die. Any double digit loss tomorrow. What does that mean in your mind?L. TRUMP: Well, a loss is a loss. And the truth is, you just kind of went through Nikki Haley's track record. She has come in last place, Sean, in every single race in this primary.So you have Iowa, she came in last. New Hampshire, last. Wasn't even registered for the caucus in Nevada and lost the primary that didn't get her anything to none of these candidates. That is bad.She is about to enter her home state of South Carolina. Even Kamala Harris if you remember back four years ago dropped out before her home state voted, because even as much as Kamala Harris likes embarrassing herself as we see on a regular basis that was even a bridge too far for her. So I think if Nikki Haley loses tomorrow, as you just mentioned, I said it the other day, it is time to come on to team Trump.We all need to be focused, Sean, on one thing. November 5th of this year, we need to be focus focused and ready to defeat Joe Biden and the Democrats. And the reality is Nikki Haley -- what is it getting her to waste all of this donor money millions of dollars that could go to things like get out the vote efforts, legal ballot harvesting, voter registration, these are tactics and tools we are going to need to win on election day and I think it's very confusing to a lot of people why she is still in this race.HANNITY: Lara Trump, thank you as always. We appreciate you being with us.All right. Now, Biden's blunders continue to embarrass the White House while his aides tried to cover for him, as his approval rating now edges down even further. According to the latest Gallup poll, I mean, this is a disaster for a sitting president, approval rating is more than 20 points underwater. As I said, just 38 percent, well below the 50 percent threshold that incumbents typically need if they want to win re-election.And his polling issues extend far beyond just his approval rating. Now, you might remember the recent ABC poll, it showed a staggering 86 percent of the American people think he is too old to serve another term. By the way, no kidding, it's so obvious.Now, yesterday in California, Biden met with a widow of and daughter of the Russian opposition leader. Remember Alexei Navalny, following the news of his death, and he made these comments right after. Listen very closely.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This morning, I had the honor meeting with Alexei Navalny's wife and daughter. But the one thing I made that was made clear to me is that Yolanda is going to -- she's going to continue to fight he had on the way. They're not letting up. Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Joe, her name is Iulia, not Yolanda.But that's not the only embarrassing thing Biden did this week. You might remember, the Biden cheat sheets now we've been showing you for years, the ones that tell who he is meeting with, sit down, stand up, say hello, shake hands -- well, they're back and the headlines again, apparently, Joe is now using those cheat sheets at fundraising events. I mean, it's concerning his donors, they're scared to death and frankly, rightfully so.Fundraisers are not difficult events. You walk into a room, you thank everybody for contributing to your campaign. You talk about the things you want to do as president. Why do you need a cheat sheet for that? This is it. I have a haven't even looked at this piece of paper right here in front of me.And now, meanwhile, earlier today, Biden met with governors at the White House and made more several bizarre attempts at humor. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Thank you. If I were smart, I'd leave right now.Folks, thank you very much. Governor Cox, Governor Polis, all the governors for being here, I know you just heard -- did Jill already speak, my wife? Well, what the hell am I doing here? Jill enjoys traveling to states.We're building a nation's first high-speed rail line in California, Nevada. And I want to thank Governor Newsom for his leadership in that. And by the way, I'm not sure how many people leave L.A. can do it in two hours to get there, whether -- they're going to come back or not. Las Vegas.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And in another really sad moment for Joe this week -- well, he tripped again but he was going up the baby steps to Air Force One, because he can no longer use the big boy steps after falling multiple times.Now, the administration reportedly even bought him new sneakers as part of his aide's plan to prevent him from stumbling and falling so much. Well, doesn't actually seem to be working too well for them.Now, Joe is weak, he's frail, he's a cognitive mess. We warned you about this in 2020, and now here we are four years later and it has gotten dramatically worse.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: My dad used to say Joey, a paycheck is about more than -- a job is about more than a paycheck.I guess I should clear my mind here a little bit not say what I'm really thinking.There's some movement there's been a response from the -- there's been a response from the opposition but -- yes, I'm sorry, from Hamas.I think that -- as you know, initially, the president of Mexico, Sisi, did not want to open up the gate.When I said when I -- we pushed all these programs, I said I'm going to be a president of everybody, whether you live in a red state or green state.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Kellyanne Conway and Ari Fleischer and Charlie Hurt.You know, I actually in the beginning, Kellyanne, in 2020, I kind of made fun of it, and I talked about sippy cup Joe and he gets warm milky and the bedtime story and he falls asleep at 7:00 p.m.This isn't funny. Putin's watching. Xi's watching. Kim Jong-un is watching. The Iranian mullahs watching, all evil actors on the world stage, and they're not just, you know, watching, they're also acting.It has become a clear and present danger not only for our country but for the entire world. Your reaction?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You got it, Sean. There's no question that when we project weakness at the highest echelon of our United States government, bad things happen. And all those strong men you mentioned see it. When Donald Trump was there, Putin wasn't annexing a sovereign nation, Crimea, like he did in 2014, when Biden was vice president, he wasn't invading a sovereign nation Ukraine, the way they did in 2022, when he was -- when Biden was in the White House, and so on and so forth.Look, the following people and entities are emboldened because of Joe Biden's weakness. The Taliban, Iran, Hezbollah, Hamas, the -- I think any of the illegal border crosses are also watching and saying the borders poorest because the president is not on the job.And the following are just weaker; taxpayers, bill payers, moms and pops, moms and dads, anyone who eats, anyone who drives a car. I mean, the disasters that have come from a man who simply cannot physically or mentally do the job.And last point, I can't believe how many Democrats who otherwise can be reasonable people, wrong on the issues but reasonable people, they pretend that we don't know what we see. They wish away the 70 percent of Americans who say Joe Biden can't do the job and shouldn't do the job. but they know one more thing, that a vote for Joe Biden is a vote for Kamala Harris.Folks, wake up out there, because she's next to line and then she could run for two terms on her own. Twelve or 13 more years of Kamala Harris should be enough to scare anyone into voting for Donald Trump.HANNITY: Ari Fleischer, let me ask you and maybe follow up on that but get your analysis of this. This is not funny. This is not a game. This is now I think it -- when you add it policies to, it's open borders. You know, we have war in Europe, we have war in the Middle East.These are serious consequential times and we need a strong leader. And Joe Biden is not it. How do you analyze the race?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: We don't only need a strong leader, we need a sharp leader.And, Sean, the biggest mistake, he made you showed that painful series, it's painful to watch it, but the biggest mistake Joe Biden's memory made resulted in the death of Americans. And that's when he said that nobody in the military told him that he had option to leave a small force behind in Afghanistan, some 2,500 people. He said no one gave him that option, only to be contradicted later by the military who -- the General Milley, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who said indeed the president was briefed on leaving 2,500 behind.He didn't remember his policy briefings, and then withdrew everybody from Afghanistan because he thought he had no options. This is why it's deadly. And the job of the presidency is the hardest job on the planet, even for a young man it grinds you down and wears you out. And we all have an old man doing a young man's job.This is the problem of Joe Biden. The flubs, the forgetting of names, it's bad, but it's not of that great a consequence. It's the memory loss.This is the problem when you have a president who can't remember the briefings he's given.HANNITY: That is a chilling and correct admonition warning to the country, it really is.You know, Charlie, I'm -- I'm watching this unfold. We talk about it so often, and I don't know what's going to happen between now and November, but I don't he's not capable of another term. How the Democrats get rid of him, I don't know. Who would replace him, I can't tell you that either.I would assume that Vice President Harris would be first up. Let's -- let's get your take on the overall issue.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, to be sure, Sean, he's not going to get any better considering, you know, all of the problems that he has right now mentally in terms of dealing with stuff. But, you know, also, the other thing is when you look back just three years ago, the difference between his cognitive state today versus three years ago he has degraded significantly, to the point that, you know, so many of the policies that he has embraced or ignored or whatever have -- have wreck unbelievable unthinkable havoc on the country, everything from the border to his foreign policy mistakes.The other thing though I think that, you know, obviously Democrats are going to try to say that there's no difference between Donald Trump and Joe Biden, and they talk about the uh nearness in age, even though the nearness -- you know, there is no comparison in terms of their mental abilities. You know, when Donald Trump says something like he jumbles up his words and he says, you know, they Navalny me or something, like that everybody knows what he's saying. Nobody questions what it is that Donald Trump is talking about.When Joe Biden does it, nobody has any earthly clue what it is that he's talking about and I don't even think he knows what it is that he's talking about. And when you have that lack of clarity in the world, you wind up empowering the worst people on the planet, whether it's -- whether it's Vladimir Putin or the Taliban or the -- all of these people who are invading our country now to the tunes of hundreds of thousands, even millions of people, and we don't even know who they are who are invading our country. It's all because of that lack of clarity and that lack of strength that is being, that is being shown by Joe Biden.HANNITY: Well, we ask the question often in presidential election years, are you better off than you were four years ago? The answer is no on every front.Can you think of a single successful policy of Joe Biden? The answer is no again, I can't and I'm trying to be objective here.Anyway I want to thank all three. Thank you. We appreciate you being with us.Lindsey Graham is next as we continue from the great state of South Carolina.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: All right. As we continue our coverage ahead of the South Carolina primary tomorrow, joining us now with reaction to all of this, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham.Senator, good to see you. How are you?SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Good.HANNITY: Appreciate you being with us. I love your state. The people couldn't be nicer. I'm very grateful for the warm welcome I get every time I've been here.GRAHAM: Yeah, good.HANNITY: I want to ask you a couple of questions. I might start with a question that might surprise you.So we have this Alabama Supreme Court.GRAHAM: Right.HANNITY: Okay, this is on the issue of in vitro fertilization.GRAHAM: Right.HANNITY: IVF, okay? I would argue to you that in 2022, that the reason the wave didn't come in large part was because of the overturning of Roe v. Wade and the demagoguing of abortion, and I believe if Republicans don't get their act together, they're going to lie and demagogue it anyway.GRAHAM: Right.HANNITY: This is issue, and the abortion issue regardless of where you stand, if they don't get this right, they can't win. Am I wrong?GRAHAM: You're dead right. So as we speak, they're trying to demagogue this issue. Hillary Clinton said yesterday, now they're coming after birth control.So let's talk a little bit about the Alabama decision. President Trump put out a statement today saying I want fertility clinics open.HANNITY: We'll put it up on the screen. We have that.GRAHAM: Yeah. Just read it for yourself. You know, have to -- you know, just read it for yourself. He says, I want families to be able to have a child that are struggling, fertility clinics are just wonderful things for people struggling to have a children, have a child.Now, Hillary Clinton's accusing us of being against birth control. I can tell you right now that every Republican I know, every Republican leader will support legal birth control approved by the -- you know, by medical authorities. The last thing we'll do is shut down a fertility clinic to have a child that you desperately want. And the last thing we'll ever do is try to outlaw birth control.So when Hillary Clinton talks about that, that tells me they've run out of things to say about their own agenda. It's B.S., and it's not going to work.HANNITY: Well, as I said -- as -- at the end of the last segment, are you better off than you were four years ago? Is there one policy that you can point to?But this is a problem and we're going to get into Joe's comments about race and he played the race card in a --GRAHAM: Yes, Strom Thurmond. I took his place.HANNITY: By the way, the guy that once said he didn't want to integrate public schools, partnered with a former Klansman and said he didn't want public schools to be racial jungles. Joe Biden, your president, said that.But this is important. Now, regardless, I happen to believe in the sanctity of life, but I understand politically and I bifurcate this --GRAHAM: Yes.HANNITY: -- that the country is not where I am, that the country is at first trimester or Dobbs 15 weeks. And when you brought that up, you were hit hard on it.And I am telling you, if Republicans don't get these issues right and fight back on it, that could lead to a loss, an unnecessary loss.GRAHAM: So there's no better person to talk about this than President Trump. He first starts with the idea that Joe Biden and Democrats would allow abortion up to the moment of birth, while I'm dying for somebody to ask Joe Biden, do you have limits on abortion, anytime anywhere, what are they?So President Trump is very mainstream on -- mainstream on this. Let the states decide, but at a point, 15, 16 weeks, when a child can feel pain, the French have a limit on abortion at 14 weeks, then we need to shut it down except for rape, incest, life of the mother.But the new attack and this just really pisses me off, this is a great country, worthy of a great -- we're not trying to outlaw birth control. That's bull (EXPLETIVE DELETED).HANNITY: Well, it is and this is what's going to happen, because they can't run on their policies. They can't say this or that was successful.GRAHAM: Right.HANNITY: So they demagogue race. They'd lie about race. Republicans are racist. They'll take away your right to birth control. That is -- I'll use your word -- complete -- I'll get in trouble, you won't.But the point -- but you're right on this and Republicans don't seem to know the importance of this.GRAHAM: Fight back.HANNITY: Fight back.GRAHAM: Tell your family and friends that President Trump and every other Republican leader is going to support birth control that's legal and safe period.If you have it today, you're going to keep it. This is not about birth control. It's about trying to scare people into voting for a failed Democratic agenda. They can't sell what they've done to this country, so they're trying to destroy President Trump's life, his family, his business.They're trying to make me be something I'm not on abortion.At the end of the day, they can't sell what they're doing, so they're trying to scare everybody regarding us, and it's not going to work. I will say this, for fertility clinics supported by President Trump need to be regulated but they allow families to have a child they can't have a -- have otherwise. So they a blessing from the Good Lord, that science.And when it comes to birth control, when you Hillary -- hear Hillary Clinton accuse me and President Trump, others trying to do away birth control, that tells you all about how badly they're doing. It's BS.HANNITY: Okay. So you took a vote and this was that big package.GRAHAM: Yeah, big deal.HANNITY: Okay, the Americans are screaming, we have nearly 10 million unvetted illegal Joe Biden immigrants in this country. They're coming from Iran. They're coming from Syria. They're coming from Egypt, Afghanistan, Russia and China, tens and tens of thousands, and Americans are saying, close the border first, get your budget under control.And you said something to me recently that I think President Trump echoed. And that is no more free money, we'll give you a loan, we'll let you fight back against the murdering thug dictator Putin. We'll let you fight back against the terrorist group Hamas and Hezbollah and the hoodie rebels, but you got to pay us back.GRAHAM: Yeah. So we did this in World War II with land lease. So, here's where -- I went to the border last week with Tim Scott. What did I find? Enough fentanyl coming across the border to kill 5 billion people, 172 people on the terrorist watch list that we know about came in last year, a 2,000 percent increase.We're living on borrowed time when it comes to --HANNITY: Six thousand with criminal records so far.GRAHAM: We're living on borrowed time when it comes to a broken border. Let's get that right, let's make that first.I want to defeat Ukraine -- Putin and Ukraine without losing any American lives. They don't want our soldiers, they just need our weapons, but we're $34 trillion in debt. So this is the Trump idea.Let's help others but help ourselves. Let's secure our border and if you can pay us back, you should. Ukraine has a lot of minerals and resources. One day, they can maybe have pay us back.I love Israel --HANNITY: I think they -- I think -- it should be mandated they pay us back.GRAHAM: Yeah, me, too. Like Taiwan is richer than we are. So let's help people but help ourselves. That's the Trump doctrine. That's America first.We're not going to abandon the world but the world needs to change. If you're in NATO, pay the 2 percent.HANNITY: Well, they don't pay the 2 percent, and, frankly, it's been embarrassing in terms of their --GRAHAM: Embarrassing.HANNITY: This is their continent, that is under -- we have already spent, what, $75 billion on Ukraine, and it seems like they just keep coming back. But Americans have every right to demand, I think this is the greatest -- our border is the greatest national security threat we are facing in our lifetime.I'm going to say something else, Senator. It's not if -- it is 100 percent a guarantee, tell me if I'm wrong, that among those people from China, Russia, Afghanistan, Iran, Syria and Egypt, they are people -- there are terrorist cells that Joe has allowed into this country. It's not when -- it's not if, it is when. I hope and pray I'm wrong but I know I'm not.GRAHAM: Well, I tell you, the FBI director said wherever he looks, he sees flashing lights. He's never seen so many threats at the same time against the United States. It all started with getting out of Afghanistan and a broken border. It's a cocktail for disaster.We're going to vote tomorrow in South Carolina, President Trump's going to win bigly. I'm voting for Trump, not against Haley. He's going to win our state. This thing is virtually over with.And I'm telling you right now, if you want to put the world back together quickly, vote for President Trump.HANNITY: Yeah, I agree in every regard.Okay, what if -- what do you think about Tim Scott, your partner, for VP?GRAHAM: Couldn't do better.HANNITY: Is he your first choice?GRAHAM: He's my first choice. He's been my first choice for a long time. I know him.What you see, he's nicer off camera than he is on camera. This is not a joke.HANNITY: I know.GRAHAM: No, he's a good decent man.HANNITY: Did you see what he -- when he announced he was engaged? Like, oh, where did that -- he's been dating this woman, how many years?GRAHAM: All I could say about Tim Scott, he is prepared to be president.HANNITY: Yeah.GRAHAM: he will be loyal to President Trump. He will help us win an election we can't afford to lose. He is my dear friend.President Trump, if you're watching, Tim can sell you better than anybody I know.HANNITY: All right, Senator Graham --GRAHAM: Including you.HANNITY: People in your state are some of the nicest people in the country.GRAHAM: Amen.HANNITY: And they're the -- they're what makes America great, the people make America great.GRAHAM: God bless.HANNITY: All right. Senator, thank you.When we come back Biden is once again using the race card to attack Republicans. Well, you won't believe what he said this time. Speaking of Senator Tim Scott, he's next, as we continue, from the great state -- home of the Gamecocks, South Carolina.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So Joe Biden, yes, your president, he continues to demean Republicans, those MAGA Republicans, MAGA supporters. And tonight, well, he is playing the race card yet again.Now, speaking to a crowd of one of the several high dollar off camera fundraisers with his little notes, this one held in California this week, he reportedly said, quote, I've served with real racists. I've served with Strom Thurmond. I've served with all these guys that have set terrible records on race, but guess what? Those guys are worse -- meaning these guys are worse, talking about Republicans, talking about modern-day Republicans.Now, House Speaker Mike Johnson -- well, he replied on X, formerly known as Twitter, writing that, quote: The least popular president to seek reelection is now so desperate and so underwater in the polls he's playing the race card from the bottom of the deck.Now, of course, Joe Biden neglected to mention that he formered (ph) with the former Klansman, praised him as his mentor and a great guy and said he was his dear friend and then, of course, he opposed with Robert Byrd the integration of public schools and busing, because he didn't want schools in his words to become racial jungles, his words not mine.Now, here's a little trip down memory lane. I'm sure Joe forgot all of this but we'll remind him. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Madam President, we have predators on our streets.You cannot go to a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent, I'm not joking.CHRIS WALLACE, TV HOST: What kind of a chance would a Northeastern liberal like Joe Biden stand in the South?BIDEN: Better than anybody else, and you don't know my state. My state was a slave state.You've got the first sort of mainstream African-American who is articulate in bright and clean and a nice looking guy. I mean, that's a storybook.They're going to put y'all back in chains.Poor kids are just as bright and just as talent as white kids.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We got more questions --BIDEN: You got more questions, but I tell you, if you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, and you ain't Black.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Wow, unbelievable.Now, let's not forget, Biden's own vice president, Vice President Harris, called him out in that debate in the primary, going back to 2020. You might recall this, take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: When Vice President Biden was in the United States Senate, working with segregationist to oppose busing, had I been in the United States Senate at that time, I would have been completely on the other side of the aisle.And it was not only that but you also worked with them to oppose busing. And you know, there was a little girl in California who was part of the second class to integrate her public schools and she was bused to school every day, and that little girl was me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, Joe Biden playing the race card like this -- well, he's desperate but it's deplorable. It's disgusting, It's repulsive, but frankly when your numbers are as low as his is -- well, it's also fairly predictable. Joe's struggling and he is clearly now more desperate than ever.Joining us now, South Carolina senator, our friend, Tim Scott, is back with us.Senator, great to have you.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Thanks, Sean, very much. Thank you.How disgusting and despicable are the comments of Joe Biden. I just -- stunning --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: I don't even know what to make of this. Let me ask you this and I really want you to give your full comment.SCOTT: Yes.HANNITY: This guy opposed the integration of schools and busing. He didn't want public schools to be racial jungles. Could you imagine the outcry of any Republican presidential candidate if they ever said something that repulsive?SCOTT: The things that Joe Biden has said in the face of African- Americans, despicable. The actions he has taken as a member of the most elite governing body as a senator, incredible, disgusting.Here's what we know about Joe Biden and we know this about liberals and progressives, whenever they are on the losing end of a conversation, a competition or an election, they do one thing, they go to race and class. It's all they know, it's the party of division. It is the game of fear, and it is disgusting.Sean, we know without any question, this is the president who allows our southern border to be wide open devastating the economic opportunities of people today living in poverty we know that this is a president who's driven inflation to the highest levels since Jimmy Carter devastating African-Americans, Hispanics, women and the majority population.This is the president who has allowed our men and women in uniform to suffer through a commander-in-chief who seems to be asleep at the wheel, botched withdrawal from Afghanistan, war in Ukraine, conflict in the Middle East, and instability in the Indo Pacific while we have an open southern border with thousands of Chinese, thousands of people from the Middle East coming across our southern border.He turns to race to get the attention off of his absolute failure as president and commander-in-chief of the greatest nation on God's Green Earth. That's why we need four more years of Donald Trump.HANNITY: Yeah. We talked earlier, I mean, he's at 38 percent approval rating. You got 86 percent of the country saying this man is too old to be -- to be president four more years. I don't know how anybody overcomes those numbers.Now, we're watching what's happening with President Trump and I call it lawfare or the weaponization of our justice system, and they're targeting one man, one family, one -- you know, one organization.SCOTT: Yes.HANNITY: I guess they want to keep Donald Trump if they can in court rather than out on the campaign trail. But so far, Donald Trump has been able to defy conventional political gravity and he survives this, but this will go on for the next, what, 256 days until Election Day. How do you think that plays out?SCOTT: Listen, every time -- I'm seriously just leaving a rally -- just left a rally with Donald Trump. Thousands upon thousands of South Carolinians waiting outside to get in to hear the next president talk about the two-tiered justice system, how under President Biden, the Department of Justice and states attorney generals hunt Republicans, not just him, because if they'll do it to him, Sean, they'll do it to me and you know they'll do it to you.Here's a man, Donald Trump, willing to stand in the fire to keep America safe, to keep Americans safe from a two-tiered weaponized justice system. This is the man who can take the heat in the kitchen, and come out without a single shred of anything on him, no beads of sweat, no dust on his shoulders. He is ready for the fight. It's Joe Biden he has to go down.As he just said, let's fire Joe Biden. Let's hire Donald Trump and get inflation down, crime down, let's refund the police, not defund the police. All that we're seeing in lawfare is an attempt to distract the American voter and Donald Trump from the mission at hand.HANNITY: All right. When we come back, thanks to Bidenomics, the tooth fairy -- well, they're leaving kids less money under their pillows. Wow. We'll explain that.Also, it was a week that Joe Biden probably like to forget. Oh, the great Jimmy Failla, he's up next. You don't want to miss this, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Welcome back to HANNITY from South Carolina tonight.Biden inflation is now even hurting the tooth fairy, I'm not making this up. New survey finding that the average amount of money left under the pillow by the tooth fairy is dropped $5.84 in 2023. Now, that's percent lower than the $6.23 that kids were getting on average in 2022.Anyway, only one person that we could bring on this show to talk about it, the host of the hit show "FOX News Saturday Night", Jimmy Failla.Sir, how are you.JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": Great to see you, my man.You know the worst part of this story, Sean, is that not only is inflation driving down the cost of a tooth from the tooth fairy under Biden, but the kid has to give 10 percent of the money to the big guy. That's terrible.(LAUGHTER)HANNITY: That's probably true based on all the testimony from everybody, right?FAILLA: Yeah, so that number is 10 percent lower.HANNITY: I know my kids, they're like, oh, the tooth fairy only left me 10 bucks. My friends get 20. I'm like really? Is that the go on rate for a tooth these days?FAILLA: What a shakedown.HANNITY: It's --FAILLA: The only --HANNITY: Let me ask you -- I mean, all these -- all right, it's not a surprise, another bad week for Joe. I don't think he's had a clean event where he doesn't mumble, bumble, stumble or not know whether to stay exit stage left or right. But now, the short stairs, the baby stairs are still too tough for the president.Now, he had to give up the big boy stairs because he tripped and fell too many times and yet, he trips, you know, twice going up the stairs again with in spite of new sneakers and a Secret Service agent at the bottom ready to catch him.FAILLA: Yeah, you know, I don't want to criticize Biden until I fall a mile in his shoes, but this really is a --(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: It's so sad to watch. The video where Pelosi is helping him across the airport, this video right here --HANNITY: Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute.FAILLA: Yeah.HANNITY: You know where they're going, right?FAILLA: Uh-oh, is this --HANNITY: They're going -- they're going to play bingo together, Joe can't play bingo because he can't figure out what, you know, the numbers.FAILLA: Well, the saddest part of this video is when they get to Marine One, he actually thanks Geraldine Ferraro, not good, man.HANNITY: Oh, man, that's cold. I knew Geraldine, she was a nice lady.FAILLA: Yeah. And I, of course, she was. But I don't want to make fun of Pelosi because from what I was told, she was an excellent waitress at the last supper.HANNITY: Yeah, oh, man.All right. Let me go back to that -- you know, I think about Bi -- and I'm watching him and Pelosi and I'm thinking they're going to play bingo. And I'm like, then I thought Joe can't play bingo. He can't -- he can't survive -- he can't remember the numbers. He wouldn't be able to you know put the little, you know, the color on it.FAILLA: Listen, Biden would be a phenomenal bingo player if you didn't mind him yelling "Yahtzee" when he thought he won the game, because I don't know that he would -- I don't know that he'd remember the game. You're worried about the numbers, I'm worried about the game.I think he'd tell somebody they sunk his battleship. Now we got a whole international incident on our hands. This ain't good. Keep -- keep him away from the board games.HANNITY: All right. Well, we're all watching. Congrats on the success of your show. We're proud of you. We're happy for you and you're killing it.You've come far from your days of being a New York City cab driver and -- no, I mean, it's what a great story, only in America, man. I'm happy about it.FAILLA: It's a great American story. I just wish I didn't owe you so many royalties. That's all.HANNITY: You don't owe me a thing.FAILLA: I started as a dishwasher, so we're in a -- we're in the same spot.All right, Jimmy Failla.All right. Coming up, my final thoughts before tomorrow's primary right here, we're in the great state of South Carolina. Thank you for being with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Tomorrow, voters here in South Carolina head to the polls. Now, it is Nikki Haley's home state, but she is trailing, at least according to the polls, badly to Donald Trump.Now if Haley comes up short tomorrow, she loses even by just double digits, what's the path forward for her campaign? Although, she's vowing to fight on and on and on. At some point, do you start putting too much pressure on spending money on primaries when the focus should be on the other person? A lot of pressure on her tomorrow. We'll see.We'll have full coverage on the FOX News Channel. I'll be on "FOX & Friends" tomorrow morning, sometime between 6:00 and 10:00.Thank you for joining us. Thank you for making this show possible.That's all the time we have left this evening.Now, in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld's next to put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend. See you tomorrow morning. See you Monday.