SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Please, please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "HANNITY" for news anytime foxnews.com hannity.com for Fox News every time everywhere. Anyway, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is next to put a smile on your face.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: And good evening I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles Gutfeld begins in moments. But first this Fox News update on the two big stories we are tracking tonight. President Biden fires back as special counsel claims about his poor memory. And in Nevada Republican voters are caucusing at locations throughout the Silver State at this hour. In fact a live look now at Donald Trump's campaign headquarters in Las Vegas, the former president expected to address his supporters there very soon.He is also expected to weigh in on today's special counsel report on the investigation into Joe Biden's retention of classified documents and the heated news conference that followed where the President sparred with the media about his memory and mental acuity. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: President Biden something special counsel said in his report is that one of the reasons you were not charged is because, in his description, you are a well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I'm well-meaning, I'm an elderly man, and I know what the hell I'm doing. I've been president and I put this country back on its feet. I don't need his recommendation. It's totally---DOOCY: How bad is your memory and can you continue as president?BIDEN: My memory is so bad, I let you speak.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yeah, another update at the bottom of the hour and a full hour of breaking news coverage on Fox News at night, including a conversation with former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. Here's Gutfeld.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: I got a haircut. Happy -- Happy Thursday, everybody. All right. Oh, thank you. It's Girl Scouts over there. We'll get to brain dead Biden in a minute if I remember. But first, remember last year when sports site Deadspin posted a pic of a Kansas City Chiefs fan showing only half his face, the face painted black implying he's in blackface and thus a horrible racist? In reality, his other cheek was painted red. Those were his team colors. But Deadspin didn't show you that. Here's a flashback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Instead of getting the approval that most woke media Karen's generally bad skin, the scumbag writer had to face the new community notes function of Elon Musk's X. In record time community notes showed the kids full photo not just the half painted black. And now thanks to a made up charge of blackface, the folks at Deadspin are guilty of egg face.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And I keep getting younger. So Deadspin tried to backtrack adding a half assed apology, quote, "unfortunately, the article drew attention to the fan that were intended focus was on the NFL and its checkered history on race." (BEEP) It was all about the fan. He had painted team colors on his face, but then you painted a target on his life. But now that nine year old boy's family is suing Deadspin for maliciously and wantonly attacking the child alleging Deadspin's race drenched political agenda.And the story is even more hilarious and that the kid is also a member of the Chumash tribe. Join the club said one senator. But -- easy. But it doesn't look good for Deadspin, the writer Carron J. Phillips and the company Go Media which owns Deadspin. My only hope is that little Chiefs fan gets enough money to buy Deadspin and turn it into a pickleball court. If it's possible. Fact is racial smears now have consequences. He can't put out a race drenched political agenda and expect that the victims won't inevitably fight back.But where did this kind of punitive ideology come from? Well, you can blame the race hustling industry and among its leaders is a very white woman named Robin DiAngelo. Robin's claim to fame is her book "White Fragility" in 2018 she describes it as this quote, it's a state in which even a minimal challenge to the white position becomes intolerable triggering a range of defensive moves including argumentation and validation, silence, withdrawal, and claims are being attacked and misunderstood.Meaning if you're white, and I call you racist, and you disagree, you're fragile, which makes you even more racist. So it's a total lose-lose situation. Like choosing between Jesse Watters Primetime and Jesse Watters anytime. Yeah, all for that joke. And in one training session she said this, to be less white is to be less oppressive, less arrogant, less certain, less defensive, less ignorant, more humble. But by that criteria, she must be the whitest white person to ever whiten the earth.Why does it white woman think black people need her help anyway? Isn't that arrogant and the opposite of humble? I thought this broad was against white saviors, unless, of course it's her and she's making a buck. But isn't it weird how anti-racism always ends up being extra racist. It's a solution that makes things worse. You know, like a vaccine that makes your heart fall out.But say what you want about her lazy, stupid worldview, she has a strong financial incentive to keep up with this divisive crap. In 2021 she was making more than 700 grand a year from speaking gigs, book sales, corporate diversity consulting and getting 14 grand per lecture. Well, I hope she's donating all that to reparations, or at least buying Joy Reid a new wig. So what's Robin up to now? Well, here she is explaining the single image that captures the concept of white supremacy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBIN DIANGELO: The single image I use to capture the concept of white supremacy, is -- is Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel, God creating man. You know, where -- where God is in a cloud, and there's all these angels, and he's reaching out and he's touching -- I don't know who that is. David or something. And God is white, and David's white and the angels are white. Like that that is the perfect convergence of white supremacy, patriarchy.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: She's like a robot. She confused David and Adam, just because they're both white. I guess we all -- we all look alike.GEORGE 'TYRUS' MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That's what I'm saying. You all look alike.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: So damn confused. We need name tags around here.GUTFELD: Yeah. First of all, the painting is called the Creation of Adam. The title might hold a clue as to the identity of the person being created. And if you think about it, God doesn't have a race, you idiot. He's definitely a man though. Because on the seventh day he rested. A woman would go shopping.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A sexist would say?GUTFELD: Yeah. Of course DiAngelo will say she shouldn't need to know anything about history or art because it's just white supremacy, and how convenient that is for her. She can churn out untethered idiocy without doing any real work whatsoever. But thankfully, those brilliant works of art will be remembered long after Robin's gone. That is if we don't all die in the Civil War she's pushing. But what other works of art can we deem bigoted, sexist, racist or transphobic.May be look closely at the famous painting the "Last Supper", not a black person in sight. And what about Rodin's "The Thinker." He's obviously thinking about ways he can keep the black man down. For Edvard Munch's "The Scream", he's clearly upset because he saw Tyrus using his condo's pool. Because if you can find racism in the Sistine Chapel, you can find it anywhere.And that's the grift of people like Robin DiAngelo and Ibram Kendi, BLM Joy Reid, you create an endless supply of racism, even though there's no demand for it. And you can even find it in a child's adorable painted face. With more than $9 billion spent in 2022 alone in diversity, equity and inclusion, it's become an industry for race hustlers, incentivize to find race and everything, and it's all connected by reducing human beings to their immutable characteristics.Race obsessed snail oil -- snake oil salesmen do us all a grave disservice while lining their own pockets. But now that Deadspin is on the hook for doing exactly what she does. She may start seeing her speaking gigs dwindle, and if she complains, well, it's mighty white of her. And by her rules, that makes her a racist.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. From macadamia's to Democrats, she's an expert on nuts. Fox News contributor Tulsi Gabbard. Don't let his beard fool you. He wears it to get into R rated movies. Actor and stand-up comedian, Tyler Fisher. She's got comedic flair and removable hair. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News Contributor, Kat Timpf. And in New York City, tourists take walking tours around his biceps. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA world champion, Tyrus.You know, Tulsi, I came up with phrase if I ever want to know the truth, it's called follow the money. I just coined it. If you --TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Good one.GUTFELD: Thank you. If all you have to do -- if you want to find out why this stuff is effective, it's because people are paying for it.GABBARD: Yeah.GUTFELD: And you don't have to try too hard to come up with that you just use the jargon. Do you think this will ever end?GABBARD: The money driven mentality? No.GUTFELD: Yeah.GABBARD: It's so blatant to see how people like her are being you know, obviously profiting heavily from this. Ibram Kendi, profiting heavily from this. The thing that that should be bothersome to everyone is how many of these corporations are falling for it and writing out these fat checks to be fed this nonsense, where they're saying, oh, you know, in order to be anti-racist, you actually have to be racist.GUTFELD: Yeah.GABBARD: And that we shouldn't be judging people in the color of our skin as long as the people being judged are white.GUTFELD: Yeah.GABBARD: And I think -- I think Joy -- and it's just incredibly insulting when Joy Reid said after Nikki Haley lost Iowa, that it was the fault of all of the white Christians in Iowa, and, oh, in New Hampshire and in Nevada, and likely soon in South Carolina, she's completely bypassing the fact that hey, we as voters aren't as stupid as she thinks we are. And that we see Nikki Haley for who she really is.GUTFELD: Yeah.GABBARD: She is someone who's a neocon war monger, who probably because she never served a day in the military feels like, hey, I got to look tough, so let me go and start some wars, regardless of the cost to human life and to our country. That's -- that's who we see her as, and we're thinking for ourselves.GUTFELD: Tyler, you're an avowed racist.MURDOCH: Yeah, I heard him in the back.GUTFELD: Me too.MURDOCH: Shocking.GUTFELD: What do you --TYLER FISCHER, COMEDIAN: I said, small lives matter. What about us?GUTFELD: That is so true. They forget about us because they don't see us.FISCHER: Don't see us.MURDOCH: Not our fault. Ok.GUTFELD: They can't see us.MURDOCH: Looking down is hard.GUTFELD: What do you make about this, whatever the Deadspin lawsuit? It's like a perfect consequence. You know, it's like, this kid is going to basically bankrupt that company.FISCHER: That's what's going to end this is lawsuits. I'm actually personally suing an acting manager who said they're not hiring straight white men anymore. I recorded the phone call and I'm taking them to the Supreme Court. And that's -- that's been ongoing for two-- yeah, yeah.GUTFELD: Are you serious?FISCHER: Yeah. That's real. It doesn't get any press, you know, because as a black woman, nobody cares about me, right. But no, I mean, first of all, what's gayer than a rainbow headdress? Racist, maybe, but not homophobic at all.GUTFELD: Yeah.FISCHER: Also the Sistine Chapel, God is touching fingers with a naked guy --GUTFELD: Yeah.FISCHER: -- Right. Call them racist, but he's not homophobic. Where is that representation?GUTFELD: Yes. Maybe she was homophobic.FISCHER: That's exactly right.GUTFELD: She didn't like to see two men touching fingers.FISCHER: That's exactly right.GUTFELD: Frankly, neither do I. I mean, no, I'm kidding. Kat, how are you doing over there?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I'm great.GUTFELD: Yeah. Trying to figure out what to ask you.TIMPF: It's OK. I can just take it from here. Yeah.GUTFELD: Well, yeah. What do you think about whatever I just said.TIMPF: Greg, Greg, Greg, I am so glad you asked. Well, she because she was talking about race, but she also said patriarchy, right.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: She also said the Sistine Chapel was basically sexist. She saw some sexism in this painting from the 1500s, because it's just a bunch of dudes. And my thought was like, wait till she hears about the rest of the 1500. I googled women's rights in the 1500s and Google was just like, no.GUTFELD: No, there are no hits.TIMPF: Yeah. No, seriously, I think you're owned by your parents and you're owned by your husband. So I think she thought that she really had a hot take there, but I don't think that takes really that hot that the 1500s were kind of sexist.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know, originally, we're going to call it the good old days.TIMPF: You still call it that.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: Yes. Fun times back in the 1500s, Tyrus.MURDOCH: Oh, yeah. Real blast for me.GUTFELD: You're not going to be on the show tomorrow when we talk about Sunny Austin. I'm so pissed off.MURDOCH: Oh, man. I don't care wherever I'm --FISCHER: There weren't that tall back then.MURDOCH: We weren't. We just ate you faster. I would just -- here the -- she's, she's a brilliant racist. Because she knows to just say this, they create a monster that's not there. They can control it and bring it back. And corporate can still do dirty things and have people working overseas for 10 cents but they pay one person 12 grand a year which I'm open to negotiation, and to come in and tell everyone what's wrong with them.It's like that stuff that you used to do for money in England where someone would pay you to beat them up and tell them to be better.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: You know and that's what this is. It's she goes in there with feelings and doesn't matter. She's good. Doesn't matter what's on the wall. She should be like, the orange on Gutfeld represents the oppressive burn of the flesh of the yellow man who has to put up with being underpaid on this show. Everyone, please reach your hands in your wallet, 10s and 20s, please pass them to me so I can fight this horrible orange oppression.It's not my favorite color. I like green. I said I like green; Kat was cool with green. You had to have orange and was your white privilege that allowed you to pick the color orange when we clearly did not want the color green. See, I could do that job, it's is easy. She's -- they're full of (BEEP). They say things that don't matter to anyone, they make all the money. She knows nothing about what she's talking about.The Sistine Chapel, the 14th Chapel, the 11th Chapel. She don't know, she's got no clue. She just says things. And people say, huh. The nice thing is, people are fighting back.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: The only thing I disagree with, I hate that you have to mention that the young boy just happened to be Native American.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: He didn't have to be Native American to wear a Chiefs headdress and paint his face and cheer for his team. Any child, any fan in America that wants to put on a headdress and support the Chiefs, you go write damn ahead. You don't have to be connected to them.GUTFELD: Although maybe change the name of Sistine Chapel to sis normative chapel. All right. Up next; prosecution would fail because Biden's too frail.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Woe Biden.GUTFELD: Biden's too senile to stand trial. The Special Counsel probing the president's handling of classified documents released his report today and is not recommending criminal charges against Joe. And why? Because Biden's a little old man with a brain full of bird seed. That's the medical term they used.Special Counsel Robert Hur described Joe as a quote, sympathetic, well- meaning, elderly man with a poor memory." So there you have it, folks, Special Counsel saying what we already knew. Biden's mentally unfit and wouldn't be able to survive being in court under the harsh scrutiny of a judge and jury. You just can't handle it. What's Old Joe got to say?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM SHILLUE ACTING LIKE BIDEN: No, no, no, no. I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no charges, man. No charges. All right. This guy knew. I got a poor memory. I got a poor memory. But that's why I needed to have the boxes in my garage. Because you know, that's my method. If I forget something, I look in the boxes, comes back to me. And I kept the door down most of the time. Come on.And I'm not like Orange Man Bad. He took his boxes to Florida. That's too far, man. I could have gotten back to the FBI lickety split. You know why? Because I got a Corvette. That's right. I got a fast car. (MUTTERING) Checkout girl. Things are going to get better.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Tyler, what do you -- what do you think Trump is thinking about now?FISCHER: Well, they said he's a sympathetic, well-meaning old man. I think Trump would say, frankly, he's not sympathetic. He's just pathetic. He's not well-meaning, he's just mean. And he's not a man, he's just elderly, right. Frankly, he could be the first president to be assassinated by gravity. Think of that. Think of that. Though he walks around as -- where we going, huh? Where we going, Tulsi? Where we going? Where we going? Right.GUTFELD: Kat, this is kind of scary, isn't it? This is like a big -- I don't think this is -- this -- I think this is the story that transcends like every side of politics. It's like everybody knows. Well --TIMPF: They should.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I don't think anything transcends politics anymore, though, unfortunately.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: But yeah, they basically said he's -- he's not have a mental capacity to have responsibility for his behavior.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: But a country, sure.GUTFELD: Exactly.TIMPF: I mean, that's, that's, that's what that is what's happening. And that has been what has been happening. And honestly, if there would be an easy way out of this, though, for him to be like, OK, I'll do some interviews. I'll prove that this isn't true. I'll do the Super Bowl thing. I'll go -- but I don't think he can.GUTFELD: No.TIMPF: He actually can't do that. And it's -- it's just, it's so insane. It's so insane. But we become used to it almost.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: When you hear him talk, we're never thinking it's going to go well. We're talking about this yesterday and the day before, the day before, and the day before, about how many dead people he sees. And we're just you know, it's good to that that's the argument that he doesn't have to be responsible for his behavior nor he has to run the country.GUTFELD: They should call him The Undertaker because he sees so many dead people. I just came up with that right now. You could have that -- no, no, no, no, no, no, I don't want your sympathy applause. Tyrus, yeah, that's all I could say. Yeah, I don't even --MURDOCH: I mean, we didn't need this report to know it. Anyone who's watched TV or this show has seen enough to know that if he was a horse we wouldn't be going towards the barn. You know what I'm talking about. Come on, buddy. Let's go. Some really nice apples over there in there. Come on, come on. You know, and your kids are like, oh, jeez, he's going to put him down. Because, you know, I mean, he's -- his hair is literally forming a halo on his head if you look at him. Which is amazing to me. Because apparently, you get to form the halo before your judge.So that's nice. But it's he's we we've been sold a bill of goods. Whoever is running the show is having a bad day right now.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: But nothing's going to change. No one on his side -- you're not going to see CNN tonight go into the 25th amendment and why we need to have it right away. No, they're going to continue to say, I just saw him last week and he was amazing.GUTFELD: Right.MURDOCH: Solved my Rubik's Cube. He figured out my taxes. He did all that while balancing the budget. And he saved two babies from drowning. He's amazing. You didn't see it? No, I just saw the speech where he said (MUTTERING). That's what we see. Like we should -- it's past afraid. It's now out now. He's made deals the last three years. I'm surprised that we're not going to come into work one day soon, and all their stuff will be read., it'll be a completely different fan base, because he signed the wrong treaty.GUTFELD: Tulsi, is -- is Tyrus, right? Is this like, doesn't matter, no matter like, it's just going to keep going? I mean, I don't see this going for a few months. I mean, it's getting worse.GABBARD: It's getting worse and they're celebrating, they celebrated this report.GUTFELD: Yes.GABBARD: And when I was reading it to your point, Kat, it's like, OK, so they're saying that, you know, he has a very terrible memory. He couldn't remember when he was vice president. He couldn't remember the year that his son died.GUTFELD: Yeah.GABBARD: And they're not only saying, OK, well, he's fit to be president, but they're trying to make the case the American people give him four more years.GUTFELD: Yeah.GABBARD: To a guy who can't sit before a jury who refuses to talk to the American people during the Superbowl. So that that's one thing is -- is -- is there is no confidence in his ability to be our president, Commander in Chief. And secondly, just a blatant double standard of -- of how he and President Trump have been accused of the exact same thing. This guy gets off with no charges because he's sympathetic. But the other guy gets 40 felony counts. It's it -- that's the harm here I think is -- is any faith and trust in an equal and fair justice system is further eroded.GUTFELD: Do you guys hear that? Do you hear that? Oh, that was Kamala doing backflips.MURDOCH: Why? She doesn't speak much better.GUTFELD: Yeah, but you know what? And she has no excuses.TYRUS: Yes, she does. You're not writing the right amount of alcohol in the box of wine. It's got to be within 20 percent right.GUTFELD: All right. Up next; satisfaction dives with our -- with our personal lives.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles.GUTFELD! continues in a moment, but first this FOX News update on two big stories we're tracking tonight.President Biden fires back at special counsel claims about his poor memory, and in Nevada the Republican caucuses has just wrapped up. We are expecting results from the silver state to begin coming in very soon. Former President Trump is expected to sweep all 26 delegates.Now a live look at his campaign headquarters in Vegas. The former president will address his supporters there soon. We do not have an exact time, but we, of course, will keep you updated. Trump will also weigh in on today's special counsel report, we're told, on the investigation into Joe Biden's retention of classified documents, and the heated news conference that followed where the president defended his memory and his mental acuity. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My memory is not -- my memory is fine. My memory -- take a look at what I've done since I've become president. None of you thought I could pass any of the things I got passed. How did that happen? I guess I just forgot what was going on.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Stay tuned to the top of the hour for a full 60 minutes of the breaking news coverage on FOX NEWS AT NIGHT. We will also talk to former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy, and our panel will talk about everything involved in the special counsel's report on Joe Biden and the documents as well as Nevada.I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. Now back to GUTFELD!(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Thank you. Thank you.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Should you change your political faction if you can't get no satisfaction? A new Gallup poll, run by horses, reveals only 47 percent of Americans say they are very satisfied with their personal lives. That's down three points from a year ago, and damn near the record low set back in 20011 when they cancelled "Hannah Montana."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, 2011 was a bad year. This guy was president, this guy was vice president, and this person was only at 20 confirmed kills.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: No surprise the decline in life satisfaction coincides with Biden's crap economy. Today you need three jobs just to live in a van. That includes van salesman.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Why did I OK that?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: However, certain groups are happier than others. It turns out satisfied people tend to be higher income earners, married, religious, college educated, older, and, of course, Democrats. And of course, they are satisfied they aren't being called names by their president, aren't hunted by the FBI, aren't imprisoned from their beliefs, and they aren't banned from the Outback Steakhouse. Oh wait, that's just Kat.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You don't do that to the blooming onion. Meanwhile, the poll also revealed that Republicans saw their satisfaction drop by 10, and that's the biggest since the great khakis shortage of 1812.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Finally, 78 percent of adults said they're at least somewhat satisfied, but that's below the trend average of 84 percent. So yes, something is up because we're down. What could it be? Is it because life has become less affordable? The American dream is now a pipe dream? Is it because crime has gone mainstream as world wars loom? Or is it because our is as secure as Hunter Biden's pants?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Whatever it means, more and more people aren't satisfied, and perhaps there's only one solution -- lower your expectations. That's what FOX viewers do when they watch Saturday nights at 10:00.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: In your face, Jimmy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, you have a pretty good eye on these polls, what they mean. Cut through the B.S., what's this mean?TIMPF: I have a hard time believing -- like that number seems high to me.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Half of the Americans are very satisfied with life? They're lazy, then, because if you are very satisfied with your life then you are not trying to make it better at all. This seems pretty good. So I don't see how you could look around and every day we're one step close to our inevitable death and be like very satisfied with that. But I get why religious people are happier, because that's what I'm missing.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Maybe that should push you in the right direction.TIMPF: I mean, I would. I just don't.GUTFELD: Let's meet after and we'll do some reading.TIMPF: Yes.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tulsi, I am actually -- we've had huge leaps in technology, and especially convenience. Our life gets easier, but the unhappiness grows. What do you think is behind this? Have we discarded important things without a replacement, like, say, religion?GABBARD: Yes, and there are huge industries that profit heavily from people being dissatisfied. When you look at big tech and social media, for example, it's constantly -- the algorithm is constantly pushing here are the things you don't have, or here's the way you should look but you don't and you're not enough and this and that, all the way to big pharma, obviously, that profits heavily from people going and saying, hey, I'm not unhappy or I'm depressed or I don't have this, or I wish I had that, or whatever the case may be.So as long as these industries continue to profit, it doesn't really matter how the dynamics change. People are going to continue to be told you're not enough.GUTFELD: It's interesting. Even companies that are supposed to make you happy, like Disney, are more interested in not making you happy. What about social media, Tyrus? There is this thing where we now can see other people's success. When I grew up, I didn't know what my neighbors had. I had to climb over the fence and peek.MURDOCH: Usually it wasn't until you spent the night at one of your friend's house that you found out your parents were poor.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: So people kept things tight.And 47 percent, you know what, Kat, I rarely disagree with you, but that probably is about right because that's the 47 living off the 53 percent of us that are working all the damn time.(APPLAUSE)MURDOCH: But not me. I'm not bitter at all. My life is great. So happy.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Everything is going my way.GUTFELD: Do you guys know Jordan Peterson? I wonder what Jordan Peterson would have to say about this kind of lower rate of happiness. If only he were here.FISCHER: Please welcome -- oh, I thought he was here.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: He's been indoctrinated now, too. He was sent to reeducation camp. But you know, I think, well, first, you get something sticky on your hands and try to get it off, you know. Clean your damn room, you know? Maybe cut down on your pronouns, you know? Maybe instead of 20 genders there's like nine, you know? And get your life in order. Stop dating a feminist. Stop listening to Robin DiAngelo. But maybe a little less white, you know?(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: I blame her. I blame Robin DiAngelo. We've all been hating ourselves for the last couple of years for being white and for being too short, or whatever it is.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That's not why I hate myself.FISCHER: I changed my head to millimeters on Tinder just to trick women.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: And I say I'm Mexican, I'm an illegal immigrant in New York City. I have a hotel room in the Plaza, I'm getting cash every day. This was free. I'm living life.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, coming up, Jussie files another appeal for a crime that wasn't real.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Smollett still lying like --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tyrus, Jussie Smollett wants the Illinois Supreme Court to throw out his hate crime hoax conviction. Remember, for people who don't, he lied that MAGA dudes attacked him in 2019 and five years later he still says he didn't make it up.MURDOCH: He didn't. You got his name wrong, first of all, Gutfeld. The problem with you oppressors. It's Juicy.And you know, we went and forgot about it already. I'm all for holding onto the lie, fellas, but at some point, you just go to look her in the eye and be like, yes, it was me. I did it. It was me. I ate all the Oreos and I blamed it on the children. I just wanted to see them get in trouble once. I did it, OK? It didn't work out, so buy my album. You know what I'm saying? Just come out. Juicy -- that's rude of me to tell him to come out. But I'm just saying.TIMPF: He's already out.MURDOCH: He's already out. You didn't know? But he needs to just own it and just move on. America is very forgiving. He could have had his own reality T.V. series by now.GUTFELD: He could play himself in the movie.MURDOCH: In the movie, yes.GABBARD: I think that's the problem, though, is no one has heard of him since the last time he was in the news. I don't know that he's gotten -- who knows, but he has to get back in the limelight. This is the way, he's going to suck every drop out of it.GUTFELD: What do you think it's like for his family members? Because let's say you're with your family in your home. Somebody in the family is going like, come on Jussie, you can tell me. It's like --MURDOCH: Oh, oh, I normally don't step in, Greg, but you know nothing about black families. I'm going to stop you.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: That's not what's going down. You still going to do this stupid - -(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Somebody has got to --GABBARD: I would hope, I would hope he has someone in his life telling him like, bro, let it go. Let it go.FISCHER: They're like, this is a real nuisance on the family.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: What if he writes a book called, "If I did it, part two"?GABBARD: I think you gave him an idea.GUTFELD: Yes, that's what I meant.MURDOCH: Or O.J. is going to start writing a book.FISCHER: First of all, happy Black History Month.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: It's Black History Month. He's a black gay guy. He's not going to get the same criticism as white guys with resting January 6th face.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: I feel bad for him. It's humiliating. It really is humiliating. It is.GUTFELD: Kat, he's in denial. Do you think he believes -- some people who are in denial believe their lies.TIMPF: Yes, that's the thing. So this little lying problem of his is so extreme that I feel like it has to have been a problem for him in his personal life long before it hit the national stage, right. When you go to jail for something, whether it's anything -- drugs, alcohol, whatever, usually the time that gets you in jail is not the first time that you did the thing. It's not the beginning of the story. So why have we not heard the beginning of the story? Doesn't he have an ex or something that wants a book deal? I would read that book. What was it like to date a man that lies at this level, an Olympic level of lying?GUTFELD: Yes, it's true that you don't hear about friends other than, remember, Don Lemon was his friend.TIMPF: Anybody --(BOOS)FISCHER: And lover, maybe?GUTFELD: I didn't say lover, but I'm not, not saying it -- allegedly.MURDOCH: Listen, you can take all that out of it. We all have a person like this in our family. The guy who holds on to the conspiracy theory. The invention that someone stole from him. In my house it was like I had an idea for social media. It was Y. X came and ruined it all.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: So there's always one that will hold on to it. You literally have people who still are arguing the south won. It's just weird --GUTFELD: That's Tyler. That's why he has a beard.FISCHER: My parents think I'm on CNN right now.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, up next, PETA is raising hell over fake horses on a carousel.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: PETA -- ban merry-go-rounds. Tyler, PETA, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, is now coming after carousels, where people go around and around on fake metal horses and other animals because it unintentionally celebrating the exploitation of animals. Don't they have a point?FISCHER: They do have a point. But again, think of people like me and you, Greg. We go to Disney World. We are not tall enough to ride the rollercoasters. What the hell are we going to ride?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's true.FISCHER: Right? I think I have a solution. Instead of the horses, they should have models of Joe Biden. The kids can get on the Joe Bidens, so then he knows what it's like to have them sniffing his hair. You know what I mean?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: There you go. Tulsi, what's next, stuffed animals? Are you not going to be able to give your baby a stuffed animal because it's exploiting real animals?GABBARD: Yes, yes. I think PETA has done some good work, but I appreciate minimizing the suffering of animals.GUTFELD: I agree.GABBARD: However, on this one, I think of kids who might be afraid of horses because they are very big and they're very strong. So let them ride the merry-go-round and pique their interest, and then let them go and ride a horse after that.GUTFELD: I love the rides, Kat, outside of supermarkets. Remember the ones you put quarters in? My mom would put me there and then she wouldn't come back.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But I found my way home.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: He's clever.GUTFELD: Yes. What do you think? I agree with Tulsi. PETA does some really good things, but do you think they just do this for fun?TIMPF: Yes, I think, sort of. But also my main thing is like, eww, like there's so many germs. Kids are disgusting and covered in bacteria.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Are you anti-bacteria? Those are living things.TIMPF: Have you seen a kid? That's why we were putting masks on kids in COVID. Remember how ridiculous that was? I saw a kid on the train take his mask off and started licking the pole. It's like, come on.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That's what kids do. I'm not shaming them for it. They have snot everywhere, and it's like, OK, let's put the next kid and his snot on there, OK, another kid, more boogers. Would I still go on one? Probably, yes. It's gross.GUTFELD: Tyrus, as an animal lover, where do you stand on this?MURDOCH: I wonder how many letters from horses they got tired of being depicted as something you ride. They have feelings, too. They also pull carts.This is stupid. This is not fun. This is who they are. These are the same people that, in Chicago, voted for a ceasefire in Israel. And they hugged and kissed like, we did it. Did anyone tell them over there that Chicago has called it? The mayor of Chicago is like, that's it, we're done. And now PETA, stop objectifying animals. What? How can you? You ride a horse. You ride the fake horse. You can ride the fake horse for as long as you want to and then you don't ride what? The real horse as much. So the merry-go-round is actually helping them out.GUTFELD: That's true.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That's called logic, America.All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: We are out of time! Thanks to Tulsi Gabbard, Tyler Fischer, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)