SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.Well, your President Joe Biden's -- his fragility is becoming a major liability for Democrats and White House aides, they are struggling mightily to cover for him.Now, yesterday, while stopping in San Francisco as part of his California fundraising tour, while Biden and -- look at that, isn't that really nice they're holding hand, shuffling along the tarmac, on their walk from Air Force One to Marine One. One social media user pointed out, quote, it looked like a nursing home reunion or like they were headed to play bingo together. Well, I kind of doubt that Joe would be able to play, but that's a different story.But that wasn't Joe's only bizarre moment this week. On Tuesday, when boarding Air Force One, using the baby steps in the back, not the big steps -- well, Biden stumbled not once but twice before catching himself. Now, remember, he's been using the smaller steps to avoid these embarrassing moments on the big boy steps that he kept falling on.According to a new report, he is now wearing sneakers with extra thick soles. I thought the new shoes or sneakers was supposed to help. Clearly, it's not working.Now, allegedly as part of his aides' plan to stop him from falling and slipping as frequently -- well, anyway I'm not sure this is going to be the game changer they want it to be, but it is alarming to see all of this from your president, the physical decline, even over the last three years since he took office, it is growing more and more obvious every day. But still well his handlers in the White House remember they once said he does more in an hour than most people do in a day. That's right up there with the borders are secure, that's right up there with the other lie that never once did he speak to his brother or his son or anybody for that matter about their foreign business dealings.But anyway, they are working harder to cover up what is an obvious decline. Now apparently putting the full court press on the White House and White House reporters over their coverage of your failing president.According to a new report, White House counsel spokesperson, some guy named Ian Sams, I don't think he likes me, he actually sent a letter to members of the White House Correspondents Association, why, complaining that news outlets were misreporting the findings in the damning special counsel report. But the whining from one of Biden's top propagandists is apparently -- well, it's not going over too well with his friends in the liberal media mob, reporters.According to one Washington reporter who's covered the Biden White House -- well, many in the media mob so-called journalists, they are growing tired of the administration's, quote, nagging and complaining. And remember, earlier this week, a "New York Times" publisher said that the White House is, quote, extremely upset with the paper's coverage of Biden's age and unpopularity. Well, at some point, the White House, they have a reality they have to face and see what everyone else has been seeing for a much longer period of time.Now, whether that's now or November, and by the way, speaking of November, well, day after day, the slew of disastrous polls for Biden, it just continues. Look at this new poll, concerns over Biden's age, they're not going away anytime soon, probably they'll get worse.This survey conducted by Quinnipiac University, it found 67 percent of Americans think that Joe is too old to effectively serve another four years in the White House. And take a look at this, Emerson College, they released a flurry of head-to-head polls in key states.Now these are the states that will in all likelihood decide the next presidential election. Let's take a look.Out in the great state of Arizona, President Trump is ahead by three points. In Nevada Trump leads with six points and Biden stuck at 40 percent. Not a good number for an incumbent.In Georgia, the closest state in 2020, Donald Trump again ahead by six points. That is a must-win state for Donald Trump.In the swing state of North Carolina, another must-win for Trump, well, he's up there by three. He was up by about five in another poll.In Pennsylvania, now, Trump leads Biden by two points there. Now in 2020, Biden won all of those states with the exception of North Carolina. But now, according to this round of polls, well, he is running far behind Trump.But don't worry as Biden struggles mount, your Vice President Kamala Harris, who's miraculously even less popular with Joe at 28 percent approval rating -- well, feel confident, she is waiting in the wings. And earlier this week, her husband said they are living out the show "Veep". Really? You can't make this up. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Vice President Harris is one of the most Googled, photographed and talked about people on the planet, so you might think we already know everything there is to about her. But we happened to have the one person here who can shed a little more light on the veep.So do you watch "Veep"? Have you ever seen "Veep"?DOUG EMHOFF, FIRST GENTLEMAN: We're living it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're living it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: By the way, did he ever see the show? Guess what it's about, a gaffe-prone vice president who fumbles her way -- fumbles her way to power and stumbles into the presidency.Anyway, here with reaction, we have FOX News contributor Jason Chaffetz, the host of "Tomi Lahren is Fearless" on Outkick, Tomi Lahren, former senior advisor to president Trump, Stephen Miller is with us.Tomi, I don't know what to make of this. The fact that the media mob now is put in a position they have no choice. They now have to report that which I would was reporting before the 2020 election, which has gotten progressively and frankly dramatically worse, and that is Joe Biden being weak and frail and a cognitive mess. Now, they have to cover it and the Biden White House, they are furious that the truth is being told.I don't think it's going to work.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: I don't know if it's that they have to cover it or now they've been given permission to cover it. I would -- I would believe that actually the Democrat Party has given the media a little bit of a pass and said all right we want this guy out so now you can take the gloves off, you can take off the kitty gloves and you can actually question this president, you can question his cognitive, physical mental abilities.I think even when we're seeing Joe Biden walking with Nancy Pelosi, I would not be surprised if Nancy Pelosi didn't pull him aside and say now is the time to step down gracefully or at least not run again. I think him being in California to me, that says everything I need to know.I think Gavin Newsom is getting ready. I think the media is getting ready. We're heading into the spring. Wait until we head into the summer. Joe Biden might be white knuckling this holding on to his power because of his ego, but if the Democrat Party and those who really run it say it's time to go Joe, it will be time to go Joe.HANNITY: You know, Jason, when Joe had to give up the big boy steps to get up air force one for the little baby steps and got his new sneakers, they thought that -- I guess they thought that was going to work now they have a secret service agent, I guess ready to help him if God forbid he falls or stumbles yet again. But if he can't make it up the baby steps of Air Force One and he ready gave up the big boy steps on Air Force One, that's a pretty big problem.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Now, that poor Secret Service agent, I feel for him because you know he's nervous that the president's going to come tumbling down on him. Look, I worry about that that thick grass on the South Lawn of the White House. I think Joe Biden with new sneakers they're evidently thicker and bigger, he's going to go tumbling. And I think the big event is actually going to be on March 7th, the State of the Union.You know, he's used to a teleprompter. It's about the size of the jumbotron there at where the Dallas Cowboys, you know, play their games. That thing is huge. He's going to have to have two little teleprompters, and he better give an hours worth of speech and I don't know that he can make it up those steps, even getting on the dais there in the House of Representatives.So any moment, everybody's watching, he's -- he's going for a fall. You just know it's going to happen.HANNITY: Stephen Miller, maybe President Trump can find a pair -- an extra pair of the that sold out sneaker line that he -- that he released over the weekend. I know it's sold out. I know they're selling for big prices on eBay, maybe those sneakers would help, maybe he needs to change this sneaker is using again.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Sadly, Joe Biden's decline is so pronounced, not even a pair of Trump sneakers can save this man. It gets worse every week, every single day. The physical decline, the cognitive decline, the decline in appearance, in vibrancy, in dynamism, he's literally decaying before our eyes, and that is why the Democrat Party is in a state of panic. They are trapped.Joe Biden is unwilling to step aside, he spent his entire life dreaming of nothing else but being president, since he was a little kid, his entire career and he's not going to let this go, they're going to have to grab it out of his hands and yet they know the American public has already made up its mind.Joe Biden is too frail. Joe Biden is too weak. Joe Biden is too confused.The idea that the most powerful nation in the world has a president that our friend and foe alike understand has senile dementia is a national security threat and of all of the vulnerabilities the Democrats face heading into November and it is a long list, inflation, war raging around the world, a wide open southern border, Joe Biden's radical mental incapacity has surely become one of the absolute top issues on the minds of all American voters.HANNITY: You know, Tomi, let me go back to you. You mentioned the name Gavin Newsom. I had two interviews with him myself. He had his debate with Governor DeSantis right here on this program. I mean he has been adamant that he is not going to run under any circumstances and even went as far as to say that in fact there would be Vice President Harris that is up next, not him.And then he also then followed up with uh free health care for illegal immigrants in California, the sanctuary state, not exactly a popular issue if you want to ever move to the center and a presidential election year.(CROSSTALK)LAHREN: Well, I believe it's going to be Gavin and if you recall during the Democrat debates, every Democrat raised their hand when they talked about giving health care to illegals and allowing basically illegal immigration. So I don't think that that's going to be as much of a problem as the fact that his state is going to have a huge budget shortfall.But it really doesn't matter because right now, they have Joe Biden who can't get a sentence out. So Gavin Newsom with his age and his charisma is going to look a lot better to voters, especially low information voters than Joe Biden ever would. Gavin Newsom is the saving grace. I know he said over and over again that he's not running, but have you ever known a Democrat to be straightforward? If he can use this and say that he's doing it for the good of the country and the good of the party, he will absolutely step into those shoes.They will get Kamala out of the way. Gavin Newsom is ambitious. He always has been. Watch Gavin Newsom. Put a tracker on Gavin Newsom like they do Taylor Swift's private jet. You'll see this man is already running a shadow campaign and he will be the nominee, I still maintain that.HANNITY: Listen, I -- you may very well be right.Jason, I mean, he's been pretty adamant to me. I'm not sure what to make of it, but for him to even go as far as to say VP Harris would be up before him and you would have to move uh the vice president out of the way, I don't think that's an easy task, an African-American woman being passed over for a liberal white male in California, especially considering the identity politics that drives the Democratic Party. How would that go over?CHAFFETZ: I don't think -- I think they put themselves in a box. They didn't say they were going to put up the most competent person. They said they were going to put up the person who looks a certain way. It's so fundamentally wrong who we are as Americans, and hey, if you're going to go all that way, why don't you put up Adam Schiff as your nominee? Maybe Eric Swalwell could be the vice president, maybe they could get Fang Fang to be their chief fundraiser.I mean, Democrats just go all in, be all California. Go for it.HANNITY: You want Fang Fang as VP, wow. I thought -- I thought I was good in the humor department tonight. I think you --CHAFFETZ: Chief fundraiser, chief fundraiser.HANNITY: All right. So, Stephen Miller, I've had many people because I do three hours of radio, we do this TV show every night. Now, people are beginning to tell me, Hannity, you've got to stop. Don't talk about it anymore. Don't point it out anymore because they want him to be on the ticket. They think he's the easiest to beat, and I'm like, I have a job to do. I got to tell people the truth.Where do you see this going? Do you think they that Joe Biden gets pushed out? Does he, quote, voluntarily move aside? Do you see that scenario unfolding?MILLER: Well, I think the way Joe Biden's mind works, I mean, to the extent that it works at all of course, the more that people justly criticize his age, the more stubborn he gets, the more he digs in. Look at that angry press conference. The more that it's called out, the more that he insists against all evidence and all reason that he's still with it, that he doesn't have diminished faculty. So far from causing him to bow out, it causes him to entrench.I just want to pick up on the point that was made earlier about the Kamala Harris problem. They are completely trapped. There is no way around the fact that if they ditch Biden, they're stuck with a vice president who is historically unpopular and comically incompetent. And so, they have no way, you know, they wanted to, to glide down to Gavin Newsom.So there really is no clean way for them out of this box that they have gotten themselves into. Of course, that is the reason why Joe Biden is so intent on staying in because I'm sure even in his diminished state, he understands that they have no way around Vice President Harris.So for the time being, the Democrat Party is totally trapped.HANNITY: The exit question, predictions. We start with Tomi. I think I know your answer. You're in the Gavin Newsom camp.Who will be on the ticket for the Democrats come November?LAHREN: I believe it's going to be Newsom Trump and to that Kamala Harris point, I'm not sure she entirely wants to be president. Her actions wouldn't indicate it. They can get her out of the way, don't underestimate a Democrat. It's going to be Gavin.HANNITY: Jason, who's it going to be?CHAFFETZ: I think Barack Obama makes this decision and he goes to the person that he likes the most and that's Susan Rice.HANNITY: Wow, interesting. Nobody else has brought that up before.Stephen Miller, you get the last word.MILLER: I'm going to be in the minority here, I'm going to say it's going to be Biden. He is not going to let it go, even as he decomposes in real time.HANNITY: Oh, my gosh. Well, in a -- in a way, it's kind of happening. It's actually, you know, it's chilling when you think about the national security implication and the current state of our country, and the current state of the world. That's a chilling scenario.All right. Thank you all. Appreciate it. Tomi, thank you. Jason, thank you. And Stephen Miller, thank you.When we come back, we have the latest developments on the effort to disqualify Fani Willis from the Trump case in Georgia.And more from James Biden's testimony yesterday. It didn't go well, can't seem to keep his story straight. We have details. We'll check in with Judge Jeanine, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: All right. So it is crunch time for Fulton County, Georgia, D.A. Fani Willis as a judge now is weighing whether to remove her from her own racketeering case against former President Donald Trump and several others because of her personal relationship with the outside prosecutor that she hired to run it. They had great vacations.Now, sources are telling FOX news that the judge will hear testimony from another witness next week before asking both part parties to present their final summaries and arguments at another hearing. So, well, then he asked to decide, does Willis stay or does she go? Without her on the case, well, the whole thing could be very well falling apart before our eyes. And as we wait for the judge's decision, well, the House of Representatives, they continue their impeachment inquiry of President Biden, with testimony from his brother Jim.Yesterday in D.C., GOP lawmakers, well, telling reporters yesterday that, well, Jim actually contradicted himself and did so with several times in several documents. One source telling FOX News that Jim Biden changed his story during the interview when presented with evidence that outright proved him wrong, his own signature.Anyway, here with full reaction is the co-host of "The Five", our good (AUDIO GAP).You know, people don't know this sometimes about you, and I would like to remind them of your background. You were a D.A. You were law and order D.A. But you also believed in equal justice and application of our laws.JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": Yeah.HANNITY: Let's talk -- let's talk about the ethics first of Fani Willis.PIRRO: Okay.HANNITY: The idea this inexperienced guy, $654,000, lavish vacations that I'm sure we both would love to also be invited to.PIRRO: Look, when it comes to Fani Willis, I have to tell you -- first of all, I don't know any D.A. who's taken six vacations in five months. Who the heck is running the office? But then again, if you look at crime in Atlanta, Georgia, you get it. But that's another issue.She is in the middle of a scenario where it appears that she benefited as a result of her hiring her lover that her former best friend who is no longer her best friend said she was involved with from 2019 -- more than two years before she's admitting to it. And you know what else is interesting, Sean, is that her father said he knew about all her boyfriends but he didn't know about Wade. And the reason he didn't know about Wade is because she hid that from everybody. It was a secret.Now, the problem here is if you're giving $650,000 to your lover as a professional in the office to try complicated RICO cases, when the guy's never tried a felony case in his life, there's something that's off. And then when this woman walks into a courtroom, she walked in as though she were the judge basically threatening everybody.She pointed her fingers at the judge. She yelled at the attorneys and said don't you be cute with me. She was unresponsive. She was contemptuous. She was condescending.I have never seen a more combative witness in my life. And here's the concern, Sean, this judge is supposed to hear from Terrence Bradley in camera he of course is a divorce attorney for her lover, but whether or not any of that information ends up part of the judge's equation, as to the truth here, we don't know.But my fear is that this judge is such a wimp and I'm saying that with all due respect, but I've been in court -- I've been a judge, okay, just like he was a judge. I've been a D.A. I have never seen a judge buckle like this judge buckled to that woman.And if he is afraid of her, that's a problem. He gave her a contribution to her D.A. campaign. You know, some people say it's a big deal, maybe not but the truth is in the fact that in that courtroom, she yelled at him and everyone else and he was like a wimp just allowing everything.If it were me, she would have been on the patty wagon with the other defendants on the way to the county jail being held in contempt for disrupting my courtroom.Now, as it relates to Jim or Joe Biden -- well, you've got a classic situation there. The Biden say no, we've never done anything wrong. We've got $24 million that we divvied up among 20 shell corporations, among nine Biden recipients, and the truth is that we just did it on our own. There was no influence peddling, there was no corruption, but by the way, I was never in business with Hunter or my brother, except they show him a contract and they said here's your signature. He said, oh, forgot maybe you forgot about the contract but don't you dare try to pull the wool over America's eyes and tell us you forgot you were in business with people from whom you got money that went through shell corporations that you got and then you then gave money to your brother Joe Biden and called it repayment of a loan for which there was no payment schedule.I mean, the whole thing is so corrupt to answer your original question, there is two systems of justice in this country, and we're fed up with it.HANNITY: Well, you know, judge, I got to tell you something. I thought Jonathan Turley wrote a great piece it was in "The New York Post" today. One liar does not exonerate the family.Now, I'm pretty angry. This is now the second time. Christopher Steele was the first case. Now, we have this informant working for the FBI since 2010, well-trusted source, reliable source, we were told over and over again.And then, all of a sudden, this guy uh ends up not being so trustworthy. Again, they -- they actually used Christopher Steele's dirty dossier that Hillary paid for, but not one but four FISA applications. It was the bulk of information.Now, you have this case here but there's a very big difference. This was only one tiny piece of the case against what I call the Biden family and the Biden family syndicate it's a it's -- it's a much bigger purview that we are talking about here.It doesn't explain the Burisma firing, why did Joe -- why did Joe get the prosecutor fired? Why was Hunter paid for a job he had no experience in at a time he says he was addicted to drugs? What about the CEFC deal?What about the WhatsApp message? What about 10 Biden family members paid? What about up to $20 million so far identified? What about what James Comer calls shell corporations?It doesn't explain any of that or have anything to do with the vast overwhelming 98 percent of this case.PIRRO: And you know where your frustration is stemming from, Sean, and it's my frustration as well. First of all, your analysis is spot on. You've got this guy Smirnov who was a respected confidential informant for 10 years by the FBI. They paid him money, he was so credible. Now, all of a sudden, a couple months ago, they decide, oh, he's not credible because he's involved claiming that, you know, Joe Biden and Hunter Biden were engaged in a problem. But that's just one piece of the pie. There's so much other evidence.Whereas Christopher steel created a lie to spy on a presidential candidate and a president, and no one -- no one has been taken a task for that. The judge involved hasn't called for heads in that. That's what's incredible about this whole thing.And in the end, people are not comfortable with the truth that you know people can get away with this but if you or I did it, we would never get away with it. And that's the problem in this country right now. We are so fed up with this, and your analysis is spot on.And Joe Biden and Hunter Biden, you know, the frustration ultimately is, you and I both know they're not going to be prosecuted, because we do not have the Department of Justice. So the defense -- the defense the Democrats can say, end the investigation. Well maybe there's no justice in the end because we can't get an indictment. That's the problem.HANNITY: These are sad times and dangerous times. If we don't have equal justice and equal application of our law, we're not the great constitutional republic we thought we were, and that should be alarming to every American, whether you're Republican, Democrat, conservative or liberal.PIRRO: Scary.HANNITY: Judge, continued success, of the hit show "The Five", thank you for always being available for us. We appreciate it.All right. When we come back, Americans they are spending more of their hard-earned money on food than they have in over three decades. Wow, Charles Payne reacts to the shocking new report right after this. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Tonight, horrible news regarding the Biden economy or Bidenomics. Look at this, "The Wall Street Journal" now is pointing out Americans are now spending more than 11 percent, 11.3 to be specific, on their incomes on food right now, the highest amount in like 33 years and the price of food at restaurants is up 5 percent since just last year.Even members of Biden's own federal reserve board, they are now sounding the alarm, one warning that, quote, higher delinquency rates and a further decline in savings right now are setting the stage for slower growth in spending and output this year. Not exactly a recipe for success in an election year.The American people, they are all feeling it. Now, take a look at what they told FOX news digital on FOXNews.com about the soaring cost of living. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right now, I think people are really concerned about the economy. I think if they can you know improve jobs, you know, just make sure that the economy is in great shape. I think that that that's what everybody needs right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's too high and everybody's broke. It's like we're going back to the `20s and `30s again. It's like what's going on. It's like this is not making America great again, that's for sure.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And remember, Americans now, 60 percent plus are literally living paycheck to paycheck, many of those people are actually going into debt -- credit card debt or cashing in their pensions just to pay for bare necessities.Here with reaction to all of this, FOX Business host, our friend Charles Payne, is back.I don't know if you got -- Charles has the greatest sneaker collection ever. Not sure if you got the Trump sneakers, I'd like to know if you did.But you know, think of the suffering here. I mean, this is the heart and soul of our country. You know, they made such a big deal about Bidenomics, Bidenomics, and the stock market, you know, went up so much last year -- well, the stock market basically only made up last year for the terrible decline the year before correct me if I'm wrong. But what this article is saying in the Wall Street Journal is American families now are paying more for food as a share of their income than any time in the last 33 years. That takes us back to George Herbert Walker Bush's presidency, and a time when "Terminator 2: Judgment Day" was, you know, a big hit at the box office.CHARLES PAYNE, FOX BUSINESS HOST: You know, Sean, you're -- you're absolutely right, and I want to address all these points because they are so critical. First of all, this is over almost -- over 11 percent, approaching 12 percent of the disposable income just on food. You add a rents at all-time highs, housing affordability or un-affordability right at all-time highs, and it is a massive struggle to live day to day.And it's ironic because you talk about the stock market, the main thing that's fueled the stock market honestly was all of the free money that came gushing in and this is a really critical point because the election really boils down to, do we want a large government that will shower us with money. They call it, you know, modern monetary theory or universal basic income, or do we want just to be able to pull ourselves up by the bootstraps and take care of ourselves without record high inflation.Goldman Sachs put out an amazing piece earlier this week and they looked at the -- you know, going back to Jimmy Carter, and there are certain things that correlate -- you just brought up George Herbert Walker Bush, listen -- consumer spending number one, those the three presidents that were not reelected all had really low consumer spending numbers going into there. Biden is right there with them.Jobs again, Biden is right there. By the way, the majority of jobs that are being created right now are being created by government. Again, that means more money raising -- more money for the federal government which means higher yields which means higher debt which means higher interest payments, already a trillion dollars, what could we do as a nation with a trillion dollars?And then there's inflation. It won't go away in part because of those -- all that trillions of dollars that they put in this economy, it's still -- it's still sloshing around.Here's the problem though, it went from the low income folks and the middle income folks to the wealthy. So, ironically, when the wealthy go out they could afford an $18 Big Mac meal. The rest of the nation can't.HANNITY: Well, you know, look at what they've been doing, too, and this always annoys me. First, they've been out there on this campaign trying to propagandize the American people, Bidenomics, Bidenomics.Well, that's not working for two-thirds of the U.S. population, at least two-thirds, then they start talking about corporate greed, and shrinkflation, and they want to blame everybody but themselves. You know, Joe Biden, he rescinded, all of the Trump policies on the border, they told us for three years that the border was closed, and the border was secure, that was a lie.And I'm getting a little tired of being lied to. They lie about the economy, they lie about the borders. Joe Biden lies when he says and his team is out there saying that he does more than in an hour than most Americans do in a day. That's a lie. It's a lie when they say he never once spoke to Hunter, his brother or anybody for that matter about their foreign business deals.You know, the American people see this lie, they live this lie more than any of the others. Your reaction?PAYNE: Right. And that's great because earlier in the show, I know you mentioned polls and surveys, and we're going to be talking about them all the way through the election. Those are surveys. Those are polls. This is - - to your point, this is real life. People have to live with inflation, people have to live with the fact that over 10 percent of their disposable income is to feed themselves.Then you take a big chunk just to take care of your children, then a bigger chunk to pay your rent. And that's why so many people, so particularly young people, you talk about spending, yeah, they're spending money because they're spending what they call doom spending. They see no future. They have no hope.So forget about the American dream, do what you can right now, max out the credit card, even at record high interest rates. And here's the problem, those delinquency rates, they have turned up for everything, for credit cards, for auto loans and they are skyrocketing. We are in for a very ugly fall. This is going to be such a painful economic point for Americans as they head into the voting booth.HANNITY: Great analysis. Now, if historically peace and prosperity, they drive elections -- well, we got a war in Europe. We got war in the Middle East. That seems to be getting worse by the day.We got wide open borders. We have some of the retired top FBI officials saying it is an invasion of military age men coming from countries like Iran and Syria and Afghanistan and Egypt and Russia and China, tens of thousands. And I don't see on either front that they have a good story to tell or can make the case that we're better off than we were four years ago.You got the last 20 seconds, sir.PAYNE: All right. Remember Pax Americana, you just kind of described the fall of it. On a defense side, on the prosperity side, and China invading us from Mexico, it won't just be people. It would be and goods and services as well.We are not fighting the right fight. We got to stop fighting each other and fighting the right fights.HANNITY: All right. Charles Payne, thanks for that analysis. By the way, did you get the -- did you get the Trump sneakers or did you not get the Trump sneakers?PAYNE: Not yet, not yet. I -- they're like 45 grand now, Sean, you know? You have some you have connections with the president --HANNITY: On eBay.PAYNE: On eBay, yeah maybe I can get some -- listen, I'll buy them at 400 bucks, but $45,000.HANNITY: I'll use that connection. They'll have me in handcuffs and behind bars probably in like 30 seconds.All right. Charles Payne, he has the greatest sneaker collection ever.All right. Straight ahead tonight, almost a year ago, remember Riley Gaines attacked on a college campus after a speech on protecting women's sports? Well, we have a pretty shocking update on the investigation. Riley Gaines up next as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Last year on this program, we covered a story about Riley Gaines, giving a speech at San Francisco State University where a mob of very angry protesters, they swarmed her. Riley says she was held hostage in a room on campus where they proceeded to taunt, intimidate and assault her.Well, now, almost one year later, Riley reached out to campus police asking, you know, where do they stand on this investigation, to which they replied, quote, after a thorough investigation, the alleged charges in this case are unfounded and have been suspended, pending further lead. The department claims they reached out to Riley over the summer for more information to which Riley did not respond. And Riley says this is because they were simply asking her to retell her story. And she already met with the police for hours after the incident and provided them with a very thorough comprehensive statement.Meanwhile, the attack on women's sports, that continues. Take a look at your screen. A coach decided to cut a high school woman's basketball game in Massachusetts, short after two of his players were injured at the hands of a six-foot male playing on the opposing team who identifies as a female. A spokesperson for the school that forfeited said the coach did so, quote, in an effort to maintain safety for his team and that they follow the guidance from the MIAA and state laws regarding equity and access for all student athletes.Anyway, here with more is the director of the Riley Gaines Center at the Leadership Institute, Riley Gaines is back with us.Riley, great to have you back.I want to go through what you said at the time. This investigation kind of reminds me of the 10-day really exhaustive investigation into how cocaine got into the Biden White House that ended after 10 days. But you were assaulted here. You were held high hostage for ransom, if I remember correctly, after, you know, speaking at San Francisco state university about your experience and in your senior year of college competing against Lia Thomas.Okay. You're met by a violent mob remind people what you went through.RILEY GAINES, DIRECTOR, THE LEADERSHIP INSTITUTE: Yeah, you're exactly right, Sean. I was there. First and foremost, let me reiterate what I was there speaking about. I was there sharing the very -- what I would say widespread common sense knowledge that men and women are different. You can't change your sex and each sex is deserving of equal opportunity, privacy, safety and fairness.But for saying that, I was met with ambush. These protesters, they rushed into the room, they turned off the lights. That's when they stormed me at the front of the room at the podium. Ultimately, the police rushed in, that's when we barricaded ourselves in a room for hours because our life and our safety was being threatened.And that's where stayed. That room became my prison for multiple hours. The police I believe they failed on multiple accounts. When I was in that room, you can imagine I'm sure the most profane, heinous, obscene things one could be have yelled at them -- were certainly yelled at both me and the officers.And let it be known, the officer who reached out to me saying that the charges were unfounded, she was in the room being held for ransom with me. So it's almost objectively funny. It's almost comical, the irony, the double standard, the hypocrisy of this. And this is coming from the same side who claims words are violence.Now, when we're actually presented with violence, that's not enough to charge the university or the individual students or even the police department for that matter.HANNITY: Yeah. All right. So the police are there. They witnessed a lot of this. They -- how is it possible, they're barricaded in a room with you, and you said there -- you were locked in this room, trapped in this room, basically held hostage in that room for hours.How is it possible the police don't corroborate that story? I understand there's video of it all, and that means the people that were responsible for doing it, we could figure out who they are and hold them accountable. And after, you know, all this time, nobody's held accountable. It's like, you know, typical San Francisco smash and grab robbery, no penalty, no bail, you know, out, you know, to go out and rob more stores.GAINES: You're exactly right, Sean. I'm wondering the same thing. But when there are no consequences, this will only continue. I mean, look at what happened in New York. The illegal immigrant who came in, he assaulted the police officer, got held up for what maybe hours, then released and then guess what? He committed another crime.That's what this is doing. Not only are we allowing these criminals to continue on about their day-to-day lives with no repercussions. This is encouraging that behavior. The Department of Justice, especially the officers at the San Francisco state university police department, they are setting the precedent, and the precedent that's being set not just for conservatives or conservatives speaking on college campuses, but for everyone, is that, look, they won't condemn violence against women and they won't uphold our First Amendment rights, our freedom of speech.HANNITY: Yeah. And, you know, think about this -- hours go by, you're being held hostage, where was -- where was the rest of the San Francisco police department? Why didn't they get there?And, you know, you think about here, you were violently attacked, barricaded in a room, assaulted, and you know, and probably I would assume on this college campus like so many others, you know, God help you if you use the wrong pronoun for somebody you're -- you're in way more trouble than this. Can you explain that to me?And I don't think anything's funny about assaulting women.GAINES: No.HANNITY: And the fact that the police department let you be in that room for hours, your life was at risk in that moment.GAINES: It was, and that's how I felt. I felt like my life was at risk. Not to be dramatic, I mean, it was terrifying, the things that these protesters were yelling at me, the things they said they wanted to do to me, to my family, how I had to pay each of them if I wanted to make it home safely, to see my family again.It's insane. It really is, that that is not enough to charge anyone hold anyone accountable or responsible in this situation.HANNITY: I got to give you a lot of credit. I mean, you bravely continue to go out there and fight for the things that you believe in, in spite of even, you know, putting your own life on the line in this particular case. Scary. I hope you travel with a lot of security, Riley. We wish you the best. We admire your courage and support what you're doing. Thank you for being with us.All right. When we come back, FBI now investigating misconduct allegations against a small town mayor. You're not going to believe why. Matt Finn has the very latest, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The FBI is reportedly now investigating a controversial Democratic mayor after a business owner claimed that he was punished for not donating to an event that the mayor held.Our own Matt Finn joins us with the very latest.Well, this is interesting, Matt, in a town I understand the average pay is about 24 grand a year.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, this controversial Democratic mayor has gotten a lot of attention recently with some sensational videos and questionable moments, including video of a tirade in which she says people critical of how she's spending money are attacking her just because she's a Black woman in power.Well, now, the FBI is reportedly probing misconduct allegations against Dolton, Illinois Mayor Tiffany Henyard, after a local business owner claims he was punished for refusing to donate to an event the mayor held. FOX News digital previously reported that Henyard is making a whopping combined salary of $300,000 as the mayor of a town of just 23,000 people, with a median average income of $24,000.According to FOX 32 Chicago, a local U-haul rental company owner says he went to the FBI after the village of Dolton would not renew his business license. He says the FBI took his claims seriously and he's one of six people who have reportedly talked to the FBI about the mayor's alleged conduct.However, a public relations firm for the troubled mayor says she has not been subpoenaed or contacted by the FBI or law enforcement. And we'll keep you updated, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Matt Finn, thank you.Now, unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of HANNITY. As always, thank you for watching, making this show possible.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face.Have a great night. We'll see you from South Carolina tomorrow.