(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time. Thank you, Andrew Gruel, Charly Arnolt, Kat, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, we now have the body cam video released to the public showing the shocking moment that a stolen car crashes, flips and then smashes onto a Seattle police cruiser. And the suspects were armed juveniles, which is a growing trend that we have seen across the country.So, where are the parents and should they be held responsible? Suddenly, that question is very relevant. Matt Finn, live with more of the video and the disturbing details.Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, we begin in Seattle with that silent police body camera video that shows the stunning moment, a stolen car crashes and flips over and onto a police squad car.Police say three juveniles stole the car and were recklessly driving it on a bad rim. The driver of the stolen car crashes into a car and ends up flipping onto the police cruiser.Fortunately, the officer was not hurt and he rushed to assist the teens in the car and the person who was hit.Police say, they recovered a pistol with a 30-round extended magazine from the scene that one of the juveniles tossed.And in the south, the Tennessee State Senate has passed a first consideration of the Parental Accountability Act, which would require parents pay a $1,000 fine for any child who is found guilty of their second or third criminal offence or delinquent act.The bill is aimed at incentivizing parents to take responsibility for their child by fining them.It comes at the same time as the high-profile trial for the father of a 2021 Oxford Michigan school shooter is underway right now.A jury already convicted the mother, Jennifer Crumbley for involuntary manslaughter. Prosecutors argue she failed to prevent her son, Ethan who is 15 at the time from harming others.The mother and father are the first ever parents to be charged in connection with the school shooting.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL MAURO, FORMER INSPECTOR, NEW YORK POLICE DEPARTMENT: In this case, the circumstances was so egregious, you know.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Right.MAURO: The juror said that the reason they convicted primarily was because the mother was the last one to handle the gun. But there was also the fact that he is 15, he shouldn't have had a gun to begin with, they were supposed to secure it.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: Ethan Crumbley, the shooter was sentenced to life in prison for shooting to death four classmates and injuring six others. Trace.GALLAGHER: Matt, thank you.Let's bring in Los Angeles business owners, Arik Air, Paul Scrivano, and Democratic Senate candidate in California, Christina Pascucci. Thank you all for coming on. We appreciate it.We're going to use a lot of video to kind of illustrate this to you, first, Paul, because you say that a naked homeless female has tormented your business.There is a lot of video, we can't show because of this. But there is a lot of video that you gave us about the homeless problems that you've seen at your business. It gets worse every year.PAUL SCRIVANO, OWNER, BLUE DOG BEER TAVERN: It gets worse every day. It's not getting any better. anytime soon. We've -- you know, that woman was torturing us all weekend. And Friday through Sunday is our -- that's our bread-and-butter time.GALLAGHER: Yes.SCRIVANO: And from Friday to Sunday, she was yelling, screaming, smoking, trying to break pieces off of cars. I call the police, no response. And then -- and then, on Sunday, the culmination, she is passed out across the street from my -- people who are dining outside and completely naked.GALLAGHER: Right. Yes.SCRIVANO: The worst part about it, Trace, I told my city council member about it, sent her the pictures of it, Nithyaramen (PH) is her name. She sent me back an email that said you're crossing a boundary by sending these pictures to my office.GALLAGHER: Yes. We're going to have, Christina remedy that in a minute. But first, to you, Arik, you, the same thing. You've had multiple break-ins, you have the video, what do you do about these break ins, it's weird because a lot of people business owners, they won't report this because they're afraid of insurance rates going up, and they are afraid of the police not showing up.ARIK AIR, OWNER, MOTOSTYLES, MOTORCYCLES: So, usually, the police don't show up. So, you know, whenever you call and you have a problem, they don't want to show up. So, I am like at the less let's say, let's make it small, five years about probably, like, 17 break-in attempt.And then, I leave a couple of blocks away. We see them in the camera, we ran over there, usually we will catch them, and the police kind of -- will tell us not to hold them, that it's illegal to do that.And tell us that they could be dangerous, that they could have guns, and they give them all the rights to do whatever they want. If they cause any damage you need to find the loopholes in the law in order to get some money back from them. And it's pretty hard to do.GALLAGHER: Yes.AIR: It's doable, but it's pretty hard to do.GALLAGHER: Kind of a shame when you tie the hands of business owners and you give criminals the leeway to do whatever they want to.Christina Pascucci, I want to put these up on the screen. Here is some of the numbers. These are L.A. crime stats. 2020, 2023, total major crime up, citywide property crime way up, citywide violent crime, it's up. You running on this, Christina.CHRISTINA PASCUCCI (D), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE, CALIFORNIA: Yes.GALLAGHER: I mean, this is a big platform for you.PASCUCCI: I was just in San Francisco last week, and those business owners dealing with much of the same as you've reported on. And I just want to say, I'm so sorry for what you guys are dealing with. It's inexcusable.I'm running into JFK-era Democrat, because I'm pro-business, because I don't condone a lot of the democratic policies that we see that lend themselves to these.GALLAGHER: Yes.PASCUCCI: And we need to do things like repeal or amend Prop 47. To discourage repeat offenders from reoffending and not facing more serious consequences. We need to hold criminals accountable. We need to address this homelessness situation. And, I mean, it just pains me to hear it with what they're dealing with. I think what people are craving so much is just common sense.GALLAGHER: Yes.PASCUCCI: And we're lacking it in our policies right now.GALLAGHER: Yes, we really are. I want to play some more of that video. This is the car. The juveniles grabbed the car, they flip it over, it ends up on a patrol car.Has nothing to do with your business, Paul Scrivano. But, it still it's important that everybody gets a look at this kind of stuff, because it's happening across the country. And the same thing in a different capacity is happening to businesses in California, and so on, and so forth.SCRIVANO: Every day, you see just levels of depravity that are depressing. And now, with LAPD dropping below. Well, they're right at about 8,000 warrant.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes, right.SCRIVANO: They should be at 11.GALLAGHER: Sure.SCRIVANO: L.A. S.T., sheriff's department, at about 8,000, they should be at 11. Fire department grossly understaffed.Right now, it's a -- it's a -- emergency services situation, and the homeless are sucking it all out of them right now.GALLAGHER: Yes.SCRIVANO: 80 percent of all, fire department calls are rescue versus fire. 80 percent of all the rescue calls are for homeless.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's crazy. Two videos I want to show. This one is suspects brazenly robbing a Gucci store in New York. They go through -- the guns are -- when they are just -- they putting the bags, but -- and they just calmly walk out.And the next one I want to show is a woman also in New York in Manhattan kind of tearing through this pet store kicking cages. She is going around, swatting cell phones. It's kind of amazing some of the things that you see.Slapping the tourist. Some woman got slapped from Texas. You see this and it happens all the time. And Arik, to you on this thing, it's not the amount of crimes, it's the brazen how bold these crimes are getting.AIR: Yes, and you need to know how to deal with it. You know, for my business, I put a magnetic door so they cannot actually -- I even if -- they are -- after they grip something, they cannot actually leave.GALLAGHER: Yes.AIR: You need to find a way to protect yourself, because nobody else will do that. The insurance companies, they don't want to pay for this.GALLAGHER: Right.AIR: They give -- they give you a very high cost of insurance. And then, you have a very high cost of deductible. So, you can take it as every $3,000 that you lost. You lost the money. If it happened daily, you're going to lose $3,000 every day and nobody really care.GALLAGHER: That's right. Yes, it's really true.I want to go to Christina. Tennessee's Parental Accountability Act requires the juvenile court to assess a fine of 1,000 against a child who was found to be delinquent for a second or subsequent delinquent act, the fine must be paid by the child's parent.Look, this is growing across the country. And we heard about this school shooter's mom who was prosecuted for this, it's growing. Should the parents be held accountable?PASCUCCI: Well, parents absolutely bear some level of responsibility for their kids. And especially in that Michigan case, I understand why the court ruled the way it did. However, it's interesting to look at the history of this.GALLAGHER: Yes.PASCUCCI: Because more than 100 years ago, back in 1903, Coloradans were the first ones to hold parents accountable. Whenever we see an uptick in juvenile crimes, we revisit this conversation again, and overall, the data has shown that it doesn't actually really prevent those crimes from happening. So, I would argue that in addition to looking at laws like this, perhaps, we should get back to basics and look at things like mental health for our kids, preventing child abuse, making sure that they can't get access to guns at such a young age.GALLAGHER: Yes.PASCUCCI: Things like that.GALLAGHER: Christina Pascucci, Paul Scrivano, Arik Air, thank you very much. We appreciate your time.SCRIVANO: Thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: Meantime, we are getting brand new reaction to more illegal immigrants confronting New York police. This fight broke out at a tent shelter on Randall's Island. And it comes after another attack on New York police in Times Square.The head of the New York police union calls it "mind boggling". That anyone would release such dangerous suspects.Ashley Strohmier is live in New York with more on this. Ashley, good evening and welcome back.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Thank you, Trace. Good to see you.And it was another mass migrant brawl here in New York City. That's when police were called to eject a non-resident at the 3,000-bed migrant shelter at Randall's Island.Now, officers were hit in the head with a book bag and had water bottles hurled at them while they were trying to make an arrest. The man who sparked that disturbance was charged. But, Manhattan district attorney Alvin Bragg, declined to prosecute and the case was sealed.And another case, Yohenry Brito who was charged for being at the center of that assault on a pair of NYPD officers in Times Square was back in court yesterday. He was able to post $15,000 bail, and the court wants to know where it came from.But New York's police union wants to know why he was ever released in the first place. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PATRICK HENDRY, PRESIDENT, NEW YORK POLICE BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION: We know that he has at least four open cases. He was arrested multiple times. What makes anybody think that he is going to beknow that he has at least four open cases he was arrested multiple times. What makes anybody think that he is going to behave on the streets of the city in New York?(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Meanwhile, take a look at this wild video of a police chase from just outside the nation's capital and nearby Montgomery County, Maryland.The footage captures a stolen Maryland State tow truck, ploughing right through other cars and police cruisers before stopping in Silver Spring, Maryland.And according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the man accused of stealing that truck is a Nicaraguan citizen, who was in the U.S. illegally. He will be transferred to a detention center once he is released from the hospital, Trace.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier, live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.Let's bring in Harlem resident Ruth McDaniels and Chicago resident, Cata Truss. Thank you both for coming on. We appreciate it.To you first, Ruth, because I want to play some sound from Harlem residents, kind of really going after the Mayor Eric Adams. Watch it, and I'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If there is some housing that is available to provide for asylum seekers, then that same housing should be first priority to those who live (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We got enough shelters, were oversaturated in every borough.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, Ruth McDaniels, it's true. It's oversaturated in Harlem. It's oversaturated in all of New York, and there doesn't seem to be a fix anywhere.RUTH MCDANIELS, RESIDENT, HARLEM, NEW YORK CITY: You're correct.CATA TRUSS, RESIDENT, CHICAGO: No.GALLAGHER: I'm sorry, Ruth.MCDANIELS: Yes, you're correct. You're absolutely correct. I mean, until they start creating permanent housing, what are -- what are we going to keep doing? We can keep having shelters. And people aren't going to have a chance to even get an apartment if you continue to behave like that in city shelters. Because you know, if charged with a crime in the New York City shelter, that can take away chances of you getting any kind of feps, or any kind of Section Eight. So, what are we going to do? Just keep them in the shelter system?GALLAGHER: It's a very good question. I mean, and it's -- and it's happening across the country.To you now, Cata Truss, because here is the Chicago mayor, Brandon Johnson, saying, you know, what, he always says. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRANDON JOHNSON, MAYOR OF CHICAGO: This is unsustainable. You know? The -- this is unprecedented. You know, the amount of people who are arriving in the city of Chicago.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Unsustainable, Cata. Unprecedented, and yet it goes on and on and on. And the people who are feeling the biggest effects are you and your co residents.TRUSS: With no end in sight. And what bothers me about this is that it can end at any time. All we have to do is get rid of our sanctuary city status. It's very, very simple. All we have to do is stop the buses from coming.GALLAGHER: Yes.TRUSS: All we have to do is what we're supposed to do if you're going to maintain the sanctuary city status, is say to these people, all we are responsible for is not reporting you to the authorities. We are not responsible for taking care of and housing them.And until we realize what our role is really supposed to be, all of us that are calling ourselves sanctuary cities are going to continue to have these problems.GALLAGHER: Yes.TRUSS: Why would they stop coming if we're going to provide everything for them that they need? And if we're going to make them a priority over the people who are already in these cities?GALLAGHER: Right.TRUSS: And it's a very fair question, though, and I'm going back now to Ruth McDaniels, because I want to put this up. This is the southwest border encounters. And it's just to give everybody a big picture. This is since President Biden took office. 7.2 9 million encounters; 1.8 million gotaways, that's the ones we have no idea where they are.It's 9 million plus people, Ruth. And you know, if there's 9 million coming across, more are coming to your area soon.MCDANIELS: Well, you know, I have no problem personally, with the immigrants. I mean, everybody wants a better life. America has always been the promised land for a lot of people.GALLAGHER: OK.MCDANIELS: So, now, what does that promised land look like? If we don't dictate to them, what it should look like? They are going to paint their own narrative. So, everybody who is in law enforcement has to be told, like we have to definitely influence the mindset, because these people have not had any formal training in a civilized -- and when I say civilized, in a city atmosphere.GALLAGHER: Yes.MCDANIELS: But they come from rural areas. And, you know, Maslow's hierarchy of needs. People are in survival mode.GALLAGHER: Yes.MCDANIELS: So now, we can talk about how we don't want them, where they should be. But the fact of the matter was, they're here. And they got to -- they got to act like they somewhere. They got to act like they in the promised land.GALLAGHER: Yes.MCDANIELS: Beating the police, is not that -- they were action, that's the wrong action. That's crazy.GALLAGHER: and -- yes, beating the police -- right. Cata Truss, and lastly to you.(CROSSTALK)MCDANIELS: That's something -- well, right.GALLAGHER: You've got Cata mean they are here. And the question is, Cata Truss, what do we do because, you know, they are going to keep coming, and if whether you're in favor or against it, they are going to show up, and they are getting preferential treatment in the sanctuary areas.MCDANIELS: That's the problem. It's --(CROSSTALK)TRUSS: Well, one of things that I want to say is that right and wrong is universal.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: I'm sorry, Cata.TRUSS: And so, regardless of where you're coming from, there are rules to be followed, there are things that you have to go through, there are things that you're going to have to wait for. The people here in the city of Chicago, who are homeless, and people who have a marginal incomes have been waiting on assistance and help for many years.GALLAGHER: Yes.TRUSS: And so, you just have to wait in line like everybody else.I don't like the fact that -- and I understand and I always say that we don't want to demonize the migrants. But I do want to say that there were people here before you, who have the same basic needs.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right. That's right.TRUSS: -- that we are meeting.MCDANIELS: Yes.GALLAGHER: Yes.TRUSS: And it is unfair that people who need it, who live here, who were born here, are not able to take advantage of even the same things that the migrants are being given.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's a very good point.TRUSS: That's the problem.GALLAGHER: It's a very good point. Cata Truss, Ruth McDaniels, we are out of time. Thank you both for your insight on this. We very much appreciate it.Meantime, the president's brother, James Biden, facing intense questioning on Capitol Hill, as lawmakers tried to figure out if President Biden was more involved in foreign business dealings than he has let on.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with the latest on that. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace.In his opening statement to the House Oversight and Judiciary committees, James Biden said that he had nothing to hide and accuse Republicans, who have suggested that he improperly benefitted from his brother's status of being either mistaken, ill-informed or flat out lying. "I have had a 50- year career in a variety of business ventures. Joe Biden has never had any involvement or any direct or indirect financial interest in those activities. None. The negative and destructive assumptions about me and my relationship with my brother Joe are wrong. There is no basis for this inquiry to continue." So, there is that.But on Capitol Hill, as you can imagine, there was anything but unanimity on that subject. Republicans, for example, well, they're forging ahead, they say on behalf of the American people.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. WILLIAM TIMMONS (R-SC): As a member of Congress, I don't trust the justice system, the American people don't either. And so, we need to restore that trust. And that's what we're trying to do.REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): It seems like they are giving up the ghost on impeachment, and therefore, they should really close down the impeachment investigation. There is no reason for us to be wasting any more tax dollars on this wild goose chase.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Jamie Raskin there. Now, the younger Biden also said those infamous checks that he wrote to his brother for $240,000 in 2017, and 2018, were, in fact, loan repayments. Trace.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you.Let's bring in former Florida attorney general Pam Bondi. It's great to see you thank you for coming on.I want to play this. This is Joe Biden put this up at the scene. This is James Biden. He said the following in his opening statement. "I have a 50- year career in variety of business ventures. Joe Biden has never had any involvement or any direct or indirect financial interest in those activities. None."But Tony Bobulinski, Pam Bondi, said this. "The only reason any of these international business transactions took place with tens of millions of dollars flowing directly to the Biden family was because Joe Biden was in high office. The Biden family business was Joe Biden, period."Everybody is focusing on James, and the media, and everybody has forgotten about Tony Bobulinski, and he has the records to back it up.PAM BONDI, FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL, FLORIDA: That's right. He shared as he has the records. He has WhatsApp messages where Hunter Biden said he was in the room with Joe Biden. They said, Devon Archer also said they had Joe Biden on speakerphone when they were dealing with foreign businesses.And Trace, you know, people need to understand, this is a national security issue.Joe Biden had countless pseudonyms in the White House, over 82,000 e-mails.GALLAGHER: Yes.BONDI: It's unbelievable what was happening. So, yes, there is a lot of evidence to incriminate them. And all James Comer is doing is following the money, and the money is what's going to get them every time.GALLAGHER: Yes.BONDI: The granddaughter was even receiving money from this.GALLAGHER: Yes. You don't forget, James Comer is a banker, he knows how to follow money.Here is New York Attorney General Letitia James on Trump's $350 million judgement. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF NEW YORK: If he does not have funds to pay off the judgement, then, we will seek, you know, judgement enforcement mechanisms in court, and we will ask the judge to seize his assets.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: She won't say his name, but man, she is going after him with everything she has.BONDI: Yes. She has a vendetta. She campaigned on this, Trace. If you remember, I'm going to get Donald Trump. Before, she saw one business record. There are no victims. The banks were paid back. The banks were paid back early. The banks were happy.CPAs did valuations on these properties. I am confident as a former Attorney General, Donald Trump will prevail on appeal.GALLAGHER: Yes.BONDI: And you know, Trace, what's happening. Instead of fighting violent crime, this is what she is doing. When I was attorney general, Florida surpassed New York, because I fought violent crime. I fought the opioid addiction, human trafficking, and Rick Scott was governor, he added 1.7 million jobs in our state. We were ranked number one in education. Rick Scott was a great governor. That's why we surpassed New York.And now, as you saw Remington's leaving New York after two centuries, they're leaving New York.GALLAGHER: Yes.BONDI: All the businesses are going to flee from New York.GALLAGHER: Right.BONDI: Because of Letitia James, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. It is. It's a -- it's an amazing development. Pam Bondi, it's great to have you on. Thank you, we appreciate it. And coming up, another flight another unruly passenger. How people on board stepped in to help this time.And later in the "NIGHTCAP" NASA is looking for volunteers to live on a Mars replica in Houston for an entire year. So, the deal is this. You and the crew live in 1,700 square foot habitat. Cut off from the outside world, facing a variety of risky challenges.It helps if you're strong in math, engineering, flying planes or some unique talent. Would you do it? And why would you be a good candidate? Let us know X and Instagram @tracegallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP" 8:21 on the west coast. To FOX NEWS AT NIGHT "TRIP ACROSS AMERICA", that Seattle home to the gum wall. An entire wall filled with chewed gum.Over to Houston, Texas, where if you're planning to commit a crime, by law, you must give your victim a verbal or written notice. "COMMON SENSE" may need to weigh in on that. We are coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, win or lose, Nikki Haley has vowed to keep going. But with just three days until the South Carolina primary and Trump leading by a bunch, it could be Haley's last hurrah.Let's get back live to the senior national correspondent Kevin Corke with a primary preview. Kevin.CORKE: Trace, the former South Carolina governor's closing argument is fairly straightforward that if former President Trump is the GOP nominee this fall, the Democrats will win again.Now, admittedly, that is quite a pitch, especially considering that Hayley is losing to Mr. Trump by over 30 points and much of the polling in the Palmetto State with just three days to go before the primary.But it is still likely the best punch she has at this point of the race.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He's already had, I think three verdicts against him now over half a billion dollars. He's going to have to pay all he talks about is his court cases, he is not talking about the American people.CORKE (voice over): As for the former president, he is convinced he's well on his way to a blowout victory in South Carolina, and he expects to have the nomination wrapped up in short order, no matter how long Nikki Haley tries to stay in this race.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: She is doing poorly in the polls. Look, if she was doing well, I'd understand that. But she's doing very poorly. She lost in record numbers in Iowa, a record numbers in New Hampshire -- Nevada.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE (on camera): And for just a bit of context in the very latest Suffolk University/USA Today's poll, the former president leads the former U.N. ambassador -- the one he hired in South Carolina by a 63 to 35 margin, Trace.As you know, in politics, if you're down by 10 in a pole, you are getting drubbed. Down by 28? That's a whole other ballgame.GALLAGHER: No, that is the shellacking.CORKE: Yes.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke, we'll see if it stands. Back to you in the news warrants.Let's bring in Stephanie Hamill, contributing writer at Media Research Center T.V. And 3, managing editor@townhall.comYou heard Kevin there, right? Spencer, so here is Nikki Haley, it's what she said three weeks ago. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HALEY: What I do think I need to do is I need to show that I'm building momentum. I need to show that I'm stronger in South Carolina than New Hampshire. Does that have to be a win? I don't think that necessarily has to be a win. But it certainly has to be better than what I did New Hampshire and it certainly has to be close.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Certainly, has to be better than New Hampshire, certainly has to be close right now. As Kevin Corke just said it's not close. She's down by 28. If she loses by 28, Spencer Brown, is it over?SPENCER BROWN, MANAGING EDITOR, TOWNHALL.COM: I mean, it seems like the math is just not there for her no matter how you added up in this primary, and I think the Trump campaign is pointed that out, right? They have said that they expect the former president to clinch the, the, majority of the bound delegates by mid-March, and that even includes only sends by about a week even if she performs as well as she did in New Hampshire in every state that votes over the next four weeks including all the Super Tuesday states.And so, the math just doesn't seem to be there. Obviously, she had momentum earlier in the race, but that was when there was a big field. Now, that it's just her and Trump, she's really not building anything.GALLAGHER: And for you, Stephanie, let's combine a little bit of media, a little bit of politics -- Joe Rogan thinks the Democrats are going to get rid of Biden and pick up California Governor Gavin Newsom. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE ROGAN, PODCASTER: No, I think they're going to get rid of them. I think they're going to move them out. They're going to force them to step down. That's what I think. If I had a guess, and it's just speculation, I'd say they're setting up Gavin Newsom for it.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: Don't forget, Kamala Harris is somewhere in that mix, Stephanie. What do you think?STEPHANIE HAMILL, MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER T.V. CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, it is quite fascinating what Joe Rogan just said there. And there are a lot of people who believe that Gavin Newsom is setting himself up for a presidential run in case Biden doesn't continue on. He is the plan B, if you will. As for the media and how they're handling this, well, you know, they're still supporting Biden in many ways, but some of them, some of the regular allies are starting to question whether or not Biden has it and if he's capable to be president again.So, we'll have to continue to watch how they are treating this. But for now, they're still with Biden. 89 percent of the coverage against president, former President Donald Trump is negative. And they're starting to talk hard about policy, like immigration, and they're starting to do the Russia stuff. They're trying to compare Trump to a Russian student once again, so we'll see what happens with that.GALLAGHER: So, meantime, the Monmouth, the direction of the country right track, wrong track. Look at this, 17 percent right track, wrong track 69 percent; 17 percent, Spencer, Spencer Brown, is anemic, I guess, for lack of a better term.BROWN: Oh, completely. And I think what you're seeing now is both the White House and the Biden campaign trying to win this battle on two fronts, because not only do Americans believe rightfully that the country is moving in the wrong direction, but they don't even think that Biden is capable of continuing to fulfill the role of president. You know, we have a Gallup poll where 61 percent of Americans say that he doesn't deserve a second term. And then you have an ABC News poll showing that more than 85 percent of the country think he's too old to run again. And so, you're not just trying to convince people that he's doing a good job, they're trying to convince people that he's even just up to the job for another four years.GALLAGHER: Same Monmouth poll. This is Biden policy ratings. Put these up on the screen. Jobs and infrastructure, his approval, 49 percent. Infrastructure, 53. Inflation, 63. These are all underwater, right? These are the disapproval numbers. Foreign policy way underwater. Immigration totally flipped upside down. Stephanie, these are bad numbers if you're running for re-election.HAMILL: Exactly. You hit the nail on the head there, Trace. I mean, if you look at the polling numbers, one could argue that it is a dire situation for a president seeking re-election. And those are just some of the things that you listed off but there are other things like support among Blacks, Hispanics, young people. I mean, Trump is ahead in a lot of those categories. And I noticed today at the White House rolled out their student loan debt cancellation, $1.2 billion today couldn't possibly be because of his polling numbers with the young people.GALLAGHER: Could be, yes. I got to go, Spencer, but I just got this in. At a fundraiser tonight, the president, he referred to Republican lawmakers as being more racist than Strom Thurmond. What's your take on that?BROWN: Well, given Biden's relationship with Senator Thurman, that should mean he loves them because he obviously was a big fan, worked closely with him. I think, I believe he called him his closest friend at one point in the Senate. So, if that's true, then the president should be much kinder to Republicans.GALLAGHER: Yes. Stephanie Hamill, Spencer Brown, thank you both.BROWN: Thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: And coming up, parents who refuse to provide gender transition care for their kids could actually be considered abusive under a proposed bill. One America's great writers, Peachy Keenan, joins us live next. And still ahead, a major city in Argentina just got invaded by an army of insects. And a company in Utah looking out for the dogs that look out for us. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next.And Mystic, Connecticut. How long, you think, since Julia Roberts had a piece of pizza there. We're coming back. Peachy Keenan, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well just into Fox News at night, brand new video from Chicago. It's a bound flight from, actually from New Mexico to Chicago and it's showing flight attendants and passengers using duct tape to restrain a man after he tried to open an airplane door. The incident forced the American Airlines flight to actually return to the airport in New Mexico, and as you might imagine, a whole lot of very frustrated passengers. We will let you know as we get more information on this story.Meantime, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" has some thoughts on the National Multiple Sclerosis Society parting ways with 90-year-old, Fran Itkoff, who served as an MS Society volunteer for 60 years, and whose husband died of MS. Turns out, Fran made the horrifying mistake of not understanding how to use pronouns in her e-mail signature, and then asking another volunteer for help.Well, the MS Society immediately sent Fran a note saying that she failed to abide by their diversity, equity, and inclusion guidelines, and Fran was then asked to "step away" from her volunteer role. The MS Society went on to explain that Fran, to Fran, that it is deeply dedicated to DEI.And Common Sense can see that because nothing screams inclusivity more than, than giving the boot to a 90-year-old disabled woman who doesn't know how to sign off with a proper pronoun. But now, the MS Society is apologizing, they're not inviting Fran back, mind you, but apologizing for not having more conversations with Fran before cutting her loose, saying they could have done a better job of explaining the mandates.And then, they could at least say, hey, Fran, get woke or go home. Common sense thinks for decades we've been hearing that multiple sclerosis can happen to anyone, that MS does not discriminate, but the MS Society appears to have a different motto.And with that, let's bring in Peachy Keenan, author of Domestic Extremist. Peachy, great to have you on. I mean, the 90-year-old woman explaining herself here listen to this very quickly and then we'll get your take on this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FRAN ITKOFF, MS SOCIETY VOLUNTEER: I was confused, I didn't know what it was and what it meant. And I'd seen it on a couple of letters that had come in after the person's name they had the pronouns, but I didn't know what that meant.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: She's 90-year-old, she doesn't know what the pronouns at the end of the e-mail. I look at it sometimes like, oh yes, yes, yes. Nobody knows what that means, especially if you're 90 years old.PEACHY KEENAN, AUTHOR: Right, isn't inclusion so fun these days, especially if you're 90 years old? Try, imagine being 90 and having to navigate people with pronouns like ze/zer? I mean, what are you supposed to do? What does this woman do when she one day maybe has to go to a nursing home and uses the wrong pronouns on the ze/zer nurse there? I mean, it's sort of like, it's terrifying what we're putting these poor old women through.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. You're a Catholic. You are very proud of the fact that you're Catholic. You say it's great for families and so forth. I read your book. But you took a swipe at Catholic charities. You wrote the following, quoting here, "This wave of violence sweeping the country doesn't bother the open border Christians.They have turned a blind eye to the human suffering inflicted not just on regular Americans, but on the children getting sold, stolen, raped, trafficked, drugged, and abused by the immigration machine.Why is it that open borders Christians are so committed to allowing America to be raped and pillaged by millions of illiterate third-world-ers who care nothing for our laws, values, time-honored traditions, or morals?" I mean, listen, you're not making this stuff up. It's true. It's happening and it needs to be brought to light.KEENAN: That's right. Catholic Charities spends billions of dollars, taxpayer money that the federal government gives them, to fly people over to Central America and get them into this country and they set them up, and we're paying for it.GALLAGHER: Yes.KEENAN: And I get accused of posting hate speech when I say maybe we should consider some border control here. And they say, well, don't you love your neighbor? You know, Jesus commands us to love our neighbor. And I say, yes, I do love my neighbors. I love them so much. I want to protect them and keep them safe.GALLAGHER: Yes, and that's exactly what I say. You know, you talk to these people who are Catholic and they're saying the same thing. And you say, but remember, remember that you're hurting the people that you are so, so vehemently trying to help. The people in underserved cities that are getting flooded with these migrants.Let's move now. The examiner, the Washington Examiner, says the following, quoting here: "The Illinois bill would classify parents' refusal to provide gender transition or abortion care as child abuse." You called this back in 2022 saying, "Transgender medicine saves lives. The medical experts and politicians scream at vulnerable parents, quick, inject your 8-year-old with experimental off-label Lupron and synthetic chemical hormones before they/them kills their/themselves.Castrating and sterilizing young boys is life-saving health care. Double mastectomies and hysterectomies on teenage girls is pediatric best practices. You are a child-abusing extremist if you object." And now, it's close to becoming a law that if you don't do this to your children, you are abusing them.KEENAN: That's right. They just took a child away from a couple in Indiana. I mean, it doesn't even matter if you're in a red state, you're not safe from this. The only criminals that the states now want to prosecute are the parents. And they're prosecuting good parents who want to protect their children from this. That's what my book is about, Domestic Extremists, protecting your children from this. Unfortunately, you don't have any recourse if they pass these laws and you don't want to change your child's pronoun -- oh well, say goodbye.GALLAGHER: That's the thing, what's the advice there? I mean, we've got very little time. What's the advice when you talk about recourse and you don't have any recourse? What do you tell people? You tell them in your book, you're like, I wish I could help you.KEENAN: I mean, there are stories of parents who have actually fled the state, fled the country to protect a child who's going to be taken from them. I mean, the best medicine is prevention. Don't let your child even go down that road.GALLAGHER: Yes. Peachy Keenan, great to have you on, as always. Thank you. First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEO" is a strange view of the Las Vegas skyline. Dense fog kind of settling over Sin City last night well into this morning. The common weather phenomenon is apparently pretty rare in the Nevada desert.An invasion of mosquitoes has struck Buenos Aires, Argentina, after heavy rainfall. They have obviously made it inside the building, obviously, right? The infestation expected to last the lifespan of the bugs. So, another two weeks, three weeks, maybe?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Something we've all worried about. We play the -- you know, the what-if games. This was lacking. So, I think it fills a big, big void.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Intermountain Life Flight in Utah now providing flights for public service dogs that get injured on the job. The new program is for all public working dogs from police to search and rescue. The dog handlers also get trained in canine first aid -- no puppy left behind.And if you have a viral video that you'd like to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.And coming up, a mission to Mars, or at least a pretend one, but they're kind of working toward there. So, could you do it for an entire year? You have to live in a Mars replica. It's 1,700 feet, a lot of challenges, no contact with the outside world. You're with a crew, but that's it. Would you do it? And why would you be a great candidate? Still time to weigh in, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. The "NIGHTCAP" crew, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew. Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Pichi Keenan, Christina Pascucci, Stephanie Hamill, and Paul Scrivano. Tonight's topic, Mars mission. NASA looking for a few volunteers to spend a year cut off from the world in their 1,700 square foot Mars replica habitat. During the year volunteers will work as a crew, overcome challenges meant to be those, you know, that replicated on Mars. Would you volunteer, Kevin Corke, for a year?CORKE: No way! There's so many great things I want to do here on earth. I'll pass.GALLAGHER: Well, you're still on earth, you just don't feel like you're on earth. We're not actually going to send you up there Kevin, you know --CORKE: I'm good. No.GALLAGHER: Stephanie Hamill, are you going to go in this 1,700 square foot thing in Houston?HAMILL: Absolutely not. I mean, I'm not a NASA scientist here, but I heard Mars has pretty harsh conditions. So, definitely would pass on that, just like Kevin Corke said, there's a lot to do here on beautiful planet Earth.GALLAGHER: Yes. Ashley Strohmier, you can't really bring children. They said no children allowed. You still going to go for a year? She's like, yep.STROHMIER: I know. No, I am totally not on board with this. It's a big fat no for me.GALLAGHER: OK, she's out. So, here's the thing. Christina Pascucci, who's running for Senate and is flying planes, she actually lived in a cave for a week. And so, I'm guessing you're going on this thing, right?PASCUCCI: You're making me sound crazy. It was an assignment from my former role as a journalist, for the record.CORKE: Sure it was.PASCUCCI: But, oh, come on. You know, yes, I'd be kind of into it. A year is a little long, but I'd ideally like to do the real thing and go to space.GALLAGHER: Yes, oh, well, there you go. Matt Finn, are you in?FINN: If I knew I'd come back alive, I'd go for like a week. I don't know that I need to go for a full year.GALLAGHER: Matt, I think, did you read the rules? You've got to be in for a year.FINN: No, I'm not going for a year.GALLAGHER: Matt Finn's like, excuse me, hello, can I get out? I've got to go. Paul, are you in?SCRIVANO: Well, I heard the word volunteer. I don't know.GALLAGHER: Really?SCRIVANO: If there is a serious paycheck attached to it, I would consider it a challenge. I'd do it in a second. And I'd have to bring my Great Dane with me.GALLAGHER: That Great Dane makes it everywhere.SCRIVANO: And my special skill would be I would have to run the place.GALLAGHER: Yes, OK. I'm going to run the place. There's no restaurant here, Paul. I don't care. I'm going to run the joint. Have we got everybody? Peachy Keenan.KEENAN: Yes, at first I thought, you know, I have five kids. There's no way I can be away for a year, but then I thought, wait, a year without laundry? I am in.GALLAGHER: In. I would go, I'm with Matt Finn, I'd go maybe for two weeks. I'd have to go and maybe swap out. Maybe Kevin, we can get him for a week, who knows. Would you volunteer? Yes, on X, 27 percent. Instagram, 71 percent. The rest say, ha, no way.Michael Raine, "We'll fill the grumpy old man role. Hey, get off my rocks!"Guy Kahler, "Nothing. I just want to disappear for a year."Joey Barasch says, "I'm a very good juggler, so I can entertain the crew."Leo, @LeoOfMars says, "Well, just look at my name on X." Leo of Mars.Scott says, "I've been married for 50 years." I'm not sure that's an answer, but I feel you, Scott.And Kevin says, "I am built to be adaptable. I keep myself in great condition." There you go.Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP" and thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher. We'll see you back here tomorrow.