PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS HOST: Battle In The Holy Land, Israel at War. It explains how we got here, where we might be going in this war, in Israel's war against Hamas. Plus of course you can catch me, Rachel and Will every Saturday and Sunday morning on Fox and Friends. GUTFELD! up next. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS HOST: Hey, guys. What is up? I'm Kat Timpf, I'm filling in for Greg because he took this week off to get plastic surgery. The pictures look great though. It's December 28, which is a big deal, I know. Gypsy Rose Blanchard is out of prison today. Gypsy, of course, was that Missouri child abuse victim who served seven years for her role in her mother's -- mother's murder. Which means it's probably only going to be like a month before she's on Joe Rogan. After that, maybe Dancing with the Stars, I don't know.But it also means December 28 that a lot of you guys who are maybe off for Christmas are going to have to go back to work soon. Which is a bummer. Even if you're retired and you're never working and you're just enjoying your life because like you have balance of nature giving you the energy to play with your grandkids and then you have Relaxium, that little hit at night to go to sleep. Even if that's you, then it can still be a bummer when Christmas is over.Because if Christmas is the most wonderful time of the year, the way everybody says that it is then that means that after Christmas it's all just downhill to less wonderful times. No offense to the Lexus December to remember event. When Christmas ends, a lot of things will be different. For example, a lot of those ladies that you know broke up with their Wallstreet powerbroker boyfriends for dudes who work at bakeries in their hometown, they might start to regret it after the first time they have to fly Spirit.Christmas being over also might mean that a lot of you might have a harder time finding an old man with a beard to let you sit on his lap. Notice I said you would not meet because I can find that whenever I want. Am I bragging too much? Also, a lot of you guys are going to have to wait till next year for Elf on a Shelf. But I have an alpha who watches me all year round, except he hides himself around my home. I know. It what happens when men don't watch sports or have hobbies.Still, a lot of the Christmasy stuff doesn't last forever, even for me. And I don't think that that's all bad. Like if I ate all the time, the way I eat on Christmas, I would have too much acid reflux to hold down a job. And if we all drank the way we drink on Christmas, all of us would probably be alcoholics. If we all spent money the way we do at Christmas, we'd be broke. But that doesn't mean we can't keep anything we do on Christmas going all year.Just one example would be letting (BEEP) go, in a good way. Like not -- when Bill de Blasio murdered that groundhog. Let me explain. So Christmas usually means that you get to spend more time with your family than you usually do. For me, it's my favorite part about the whole thing. My family lives in another part of the country, and I don't get to spend as much time with them as I would like to.So when I do get the chance, like I do on Christmas, I try to make the most of it. And a lot of times that can mean putting differences aside, right. If you feel a fight that's starting to brew on Christmas, or maybe one actually breaks out, you tend to just stop, you know, you can agree to disagree. Or you can do my favorite thing, which is just pretend it wasn't happening and ask someone who was just screaming at someone else if they can pass the potatoes, please. Because you don't want it to ruin that special time, right.Especially because we all have that one relative who has been like rip in so many cigs for so long that we don't know how they're still alive, let alone that they'll be alive the next time. And you don't want to be wasted all that time preparing with the decorations and the presents and the food just to run upstairs and cry. Especially when you're finally old enough to stop getting sent to your room. Which I hope happens for me before menopause.Christmas time is special, but a lot of the reason for that is because we treat it like it's special. If you don't want to do that for your family, maybe try to do it for yourself. A recent CBS News poll found that people who think that their family life is going well are a lot more likely to say that they're more happy in general. And it's probably going to be more important next year than ever has been because there's that whole election thing coming up next year.A University of Minnesota professor said America is quote sitting on a powder keg and the fuse has been lit, which gives kegs a bad name. The bottom line, we each have the power to decide who we want to vote for, hopefully. But no single one of us has the power to decide which way it goes unless you're a psycho like John Wilkes Booth. But if you're not, the only thing we have the power to do is to decide how we will handle it.We can decide if we want to let political stuff ruin our relationships. Or we can decide to do it the old fashioned way with infidelity and drugs. Or we can take the attitude that all our time together on Earth is special and it's not less worthy of valuing just because it's not Christmas. And sure, not every day can be a holiday, no matter what your uncle tries to tell you when he's trying to get you to do shots with him before your nephew's Christmas concert. But we can make it all little easier on each other and even a little more fun. Especially if you just got out of prison.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period.TIMPF: Let's welcome tonight's guest. We went on a safari and we were still the wildest animals. Host of Kennedy Saves the World podcast, Kennedy. He looks like your sixth grade biology teacher, Fox News contributor Charlie Hurt. He's our favorite guests tonight based on alphabetical order, comedian Adam Hunter. And when he gets on stage the ladies can't behave, comedian Joe Machi.OK, Machi, this might sound kind of weird. So guys have you kind of know what I mean here when I was doing the monologue, I realized during it that like you have a family which I guess like always technically knew was true but it's kind of weird to think about like I know you didn't just like spring out of the ground. But anyway, how was your Christmas with -- did you -- were you -- were you with your family?JOE MACHI, COMEDIAN: I was with my family and it was glorious, Kat, because I try to remember like you said in the model, I just appreciate the things that make you happy. Like your family dogs eating a whole vegetable lasagna, seeing attractive people trip. But here's the thing, Kat, you know, you can't let politics ruin everything. You know, like politics is ruined Halloween, don't wear a sombrero. Politics ruined Christmas, you know, gifts cause climate change.The food pyramid gave us diabetes and that put the kibosh on Easter candy. You know, just don't let why it delayed laugh today. You know politics just ruins everything. I mean, beer, beer, stay out of contentious issues, beer, you know, people who are drunk don't need reasons to fight. You know, I have enough problems, you know, when we have drunk people when they want to fight me because they see that their girlfriends are hitting on me.TIMPF: Kennedy, I love your family a lot. How was your Christmas?KENNEDY MONTGOMERY, "KENNEDY SAVES THE WORLD" HOST: It was great, you actually have a way of getting the best information out of my teenage daughter.TIMPF: I did.MONTGOMERY: And everyone needs a friend like cat because everyone knows that moms are the least cool people on the planet. So to have a friend who's able to speak their language and subversively get in there and pull everything out of them. But what they don't realize is that Kat is the worst confidant in the world and tells me everything.TIMPF: I mean, like, I'm not going to go to jail, I'm not going to withhold information about a minor from her mother. I don't know. Is that a crime? I don't know.MONTGOMERY: But I do feel like I'm going to hear a story from one of you, either you or my older daughter that you will have visited her for the weekend in college, and I'm not sure that you'll both stay out prison that weekend.TIMPF: That's true. That's absolutely true. Charlie, how was your Christmas? So you have any predictions for next year? Do you think we're all going to kill each other? Or do you think it's going to be OK?CHARLIE HURT, WASHINGTON TIMES OPINION ED: No, I think --TIMPF: Those are the only two options.HURT: No, I think we'll work it all out. We generally do. We've had -- we've had harder times. No, but it is true. I mean, you know, family, you know, and I think that the whole reason that politics, you know, gets acrimonious, is that when people turn to politics, and think that they're going to get out of politics, what they should turn to their family for, and if you think that politics is going to answer all your problems, or solve all your problems, you're going to be really disappointed. And then you're also going to be really pissed off at your family probably.TIMPF: Yeah, that's the weird thing when people will be in the, you know, on social media, in the comments, defending some politician who I guarantee does not give a (BEEP) that that person exists. It's like, go talk to your kids. You know, what do you think?ADAM HUNTER, COMEDIAN: I agree with everything you guys are saying. I know that I spent holidays with my family and my daughter is five and we're very close. And the other day she's like, daddy, I want to marry you and I'm like, honey, you can't marry me and she's like, why my wife's like, you'll be disappointed. But I remember when I -- when I got my wife pregnant, we weren't not married at the time. I didn't know how to tell. Well, I didn't know how to tell our parents so I got them a gift for Christmas. It wasn't really wrapped; you know I am not really good at wrapping things.But -- but my wife and I, we do argue like every day, she's like, You never do what I want to do. And I'm like, all right, tomorrow night, we'll stay home complain about me. And like even -- even -- even like today, I was like, let's play hide and go seek. You guys go hide and then I came here.TIMPF: Yeah. No, Kennedy, speaking of marriage, my husband was giving me a little bit of an attitude about having to drive all of us back in the rain for my cat. He was like this. I'm not going to die on the New Jersey Turnpike because of a cat, which I get where he's coming from, but also like, I think what I'll do next year is because he even suggested that, I'm going to insist on getting a car service to go back with the cat alone.MONTGOMERY: Well, I mean, have you ever seen Toonces the driving cat on Saturday Night Live was -- decades ago, when Saturday Night Live was funny. There was a very special animated short about a cat who drove but it always ended horribly. So I think the threat has to be the Cheens will drive next year.TIMPF: If we did -- yeah.MONTGOMERY: And by the way, Cam is complaining about driving on the New Jersey Turnpike.TIMPF: Yeah.MONTGOMERY: You guys drove through Detroit.TIMPF: I know.MONTGOMERY: I mean in the winter.TIMPF: But if we did all die in the car crash by the way, Cheens would somehow live. Live but also --MONTGOMERY: Cardiologist would be like Cheens very --TIMPF: Absolutely, no --HURT: But you have a dog?TIMPF: Yeah, we do. We have a dog.HURT: Bring the dog --TIMPF: The dogs also there. Some people when I talked about this last episode on Twitter got the impression that I made Cam drive alone with the cat to Detroit by himself and they were calling me all these names. I laughed so hard thinking about him just driving alone with a cat all the way to Detroit. OK, which will never happen. Up next. Republicans are a rare sight in the media that's rarely right.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TIMPF: So how steep is the partisan lien of the media machine? And is the slant so perverse, it's impossible to reverse? So it turns out that just 3.4 percent of journalists are Republicans. That's according to a recent study out of Syracuse University. Syracuse, winners of course of 15 National Championships in lacrosse, won in football and won in soccer and won a basketball. Shout out to Carmelo Anthony. See, I'm a huge sports gal.Anyway, while only a few journalists lien right about 36 percent say that - - said they were Democrats, and nearly 52 percent said they were independent. But perhaps most striking is how Republicans have seen their ranks in the media dwindle over the last 50 years. So in 1971, it was nearly 26 percent. It looked like more though, because in the 70s, everyone's hair was Bashir.Sorry. Sorry. OK, what do you -- how do you think this happened, Charlie, do you think that people were pushed out? Or do you think you know, that fewer people who are Republicans are joining the media? Also, does this mean that you're a minority?HURT: Yeah, I'm a minority, definitely. But -- but -- but no, this is a question. I've been asking myself ever since I got it in the news business. But I think that what -- what I think is really confuses all of it, is that when I got into the news business, people that were drawn to the news business were true, liberals, were classical liberals, who believed in questioning authority, who didn't like the idea of a powerful centralized government. And they believed in asking questions.The problem is that the media over the past 25 years has morphed into this thing, where they're far more likely to be, like covering for the government, or defending the notion that the government should be involved in everything, or just automatically reflexively buying the government line on something.And so you know, and the way that's turned out is that those people now are more Republican than they are anything else or -- or conservative than anything else. But the real thing is, when -- when newspapers are best when you have true old style liberals, who want to afflict the comfortable and comfort the afflicted.TIMPF: Yeah, Machi, I feel like 3.4 percent but that's insanely low number.MACHI: It's an insanely low number. And the hilarious part is I looked at the article and I read some of the comments and a lot of them were about how Republicans are too stupid to be journalists. That's why. But the thing is, no one's too stupid to be a journalist.No offense to journalists, Charlie and most of the people that work in this building. You don't have to be smart to be a journalist. That's why like no child prodigy is ever a journalist, you know. No one's ever like he's got a 150 IQ. What's he going to do, physics? I'm like no, he's going to tell people what happened after it already happened.TIMPF: Oh, my God. OK, Kennedy, do you buy that about half are really Independent?MONTGOMERY: No, absolutely not. I think -- I think everyone is just answering. I can't believe they picked up the phone but I think everyone is answering these questions anticipating how they think the person asking wants them answered. I don't think anyone is being honest. And to Charlie's point in the 90s, when I was on MTV, I was like a very vocal conservative Republican. And I telegraph that and in the night is like, oh, that's fun. But now, they probably would have had me deported, I was born in this country, like, that's how powerful the forces had become.But I was on a plane with Peter Jennings, and I sort of cornered him before we boarded. And I was like, why is everyone in media a liberal? And he said, that's a really good question. I thought he was going to say, we're actually independent, or, you know, it's very diverse. He said, no, we are liberal, because we came from the Watergate era. And we felt like the silent majority had forced their propaganda on us for so long that we needed to speak truth to power.And that was an entire generation of people who were skeptics, and they were skeptical of these institutions. We don't have that anymore and it's incredibly dangerous. Because when you lose that you become North Korea, and then people like Karine Jean-Pierre, who were carrying water for people who are taking your money and lying to you, that becomes the norm. Where do we go from there? I don't -- I don't think you know, we have more Republicans in the media, I just think we have more than that in Fox News. Great to have you.HURT: That is the most amazing thing that she gets taken seriously every day. It's just -- it's a marvel of modern science.MONTGOMERY: Yeah, she's -- she's Baghdad Bob or whatever that guys name was.TIMPF: Adam.HUNTER: I just think it's crazy that like 3.4 percent are your Republican and the other 96.6 percent worked for Hamas. But I think the problem is it doesn't pay. I think people want a high paying job like OnlyFans. And --TIMPF: You know, what sucks about OnlyFans is that you really don't know if you're going to make money and on -- on -- on it or not until you're already naked online. That is one hell of a gamble. Anyway, sorry. Go ahead.HUNTER: I didn't think about that. But --TIMPF: Oh, it's definitely the first time I thought about that.HUNTER: But it's just like I read the article and like they said female journalists are 10 times more to receive threats of sexual violence and those just the ones that interview Diddy. They told me that might not work. That's what I got.TIMPF: It's always good to end it on a good note. Machi.MACHI: Maybe people aren't only -- they should blur their face at first. And then if people like their naked body they unblur it.MONTGOMERY: It also, it doesn't matter what you put in the mashed potatoes.TIMPF: No, it certainly does not.MONTGOMERY: That's the Beastie Boys reference. You don't deserve it.TIMPF: I got you. Up next; is the CIA sweeping under the rug the truth about the COVID bug.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, you got to be (BEEP) kidding me. Come on.TIMPF: Did CIA spies help hide COVID lies? The CIA is being accused of hiding records in an attempt to cover up COVID as possible lab leak origins. Wow, hiding things? That's not the CIA I know. It's according to a new federal lawsuit put forth by the Heritage Foundation's oversight project. The conservative think tank claims analysts on the CIA's COVID discovery team were paid off to suppress their evidence showing the virus came from a lab, which is impossible because government officials never exchange X for money.Back in September, a CIA whistleblower all but confirmed this alleging that at least six analysts were bribed to change their positions. So since then, the oversight project filed a Freedom of -- Freedom of Information request on documents relating to the case, but the CIA allegedly failed to comply. So now they're being sued. If you want to read the details of the case, they're in the same place the U.S. keeps all its secret papers, next to Joe's Corvette.Yeah, Kennedy, it is -- it is -- it is hard to imagine the CIA not -- not telling the truth to the people.MONTGOMERY: And I love Mike Baker.TIMPF: Yeah, I know.MONTGOMERY: He worked at the Agency for a long time.TIMPF: I know.MONTGOMERY: And I I'm sure that 95 percent of the people who work there are decent, wonderful patriots, but it's the other 5 percent of the jackholes who were seven people on this committee of scientific experts who worked at the CIA, and six of them were like, you know, what lab leak theory? It is the most plausible right now and one was like, I don't think so. I think it hopped from a pangolin to a little bat to a human pretty quick, and they were just humping each other.And then Anthony Fauci came in and was like, fellas, here's what we do. I got 12 million reasons. First of all, you should all be wearing masks. You should be ashamed of yourselves. Second of all, here's 4 million reasons. A little envelope why maybe you should change your mind because it would be bad for me if you said the lab leak was real.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Yes, yes. And Charlie, it really was just so -- remember people, people were getting canceled for suggesting that the lab leak could be true. And what they're suggesting by saying the lab leak could be true is that this virus might have come from the lab full of viruses in the exact same area where the virus broke out.CHARLES HURT, OPINION EDITOR, "THE WASHINGTON TIMES": And you're exactly right. Obviously, this is what the CIA has been doing from the beginning. The only difference is -- well, there are two differences. One is that the CIA is more powerful than it has ever been, and they have the ability to go to these social media companies and these publishers and actually shut down stories. And they openly complied with it. It's amazing what "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post" did in absolute compliance of what the CIA wanted them to do in covering up this story about the lab leak.The second thing that is sort of amazing about it, who is it that did the study? The Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, exposes this. And it goes back to the last segment. These are the new liberals, or the new sort of, the people who are willing to question government motives now. It's not your old school hippie, smelly, left-wing Democrats.TIMPF: Yes.MONTGOMERY: Scratch and sniff, Charlie.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Adam, do you think we'll ever actually --HUNTER: Everything just kept changing. Fauci has taken so many losses he should play for the Pistons.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: Everything kept changing. Even with the vaccine, I got the vaccine because I want to be part of the class action lawsuit in 10 years.(APPLAUSE)HUNTER: But you don't even know who to trust. They told everyone, stay healthy. Then they closed the gyms and keep the dispensaries and liquor stores open. It's like, here's your new life coach, Hunter Biden.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: I don't know what to think. And I'm just happy we're not doing Zoom comedy shows anymore, because I did one that went so bad they muted the comic.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Kennedy, they made us drink. Do you remember? That was a feral time.MONTGOMERY: They made us -- Kat, I didn't want to drink. I don't want to drink. I came over to your house to tell you how much I didn't want to drink. They made us mix mojitos --TIMPF: It was so rough.MONTGOMERY: -- and drink champagne out of the sham bong. They made us do that.TIMPF: It was so rough for me, because I have this apartment. I don't have kids. My apartment turned into the bar. People come over and they want to have fun. I can't let people down. And the government did that to me, Machi.MACHI: Yes, kind of to Adam's point, maybe Dr. Fauci wants to play for the Pistons. That's why he keeps giving athletes all those heart attacks.(APPLAUSE)MACHI: Silence. A lot of women think I could be a spy, you know, because I'm really good looking and I have a very quick wit. All right, enough of that.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: So anyway, Kat, I think the CIA wants to cover it up because if people find out that our government was behind a mass murder of millions of people including hundreds of thousands of Americans, they might want some accountability. And the one thing that intelligence never seems to face is accountability. You think after they were wrong about everything in Afghanistan there would be a whole lot of CIA resumes floating around right now. And you don't see any. No one gets held accountable, which is a shame, because having the CIA on your resume would be like the best thing to have on your resume. Think about it. They're like Joe, what is your work history? And I'm like, I can't tell. It's a secret.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: How much did you get paid. Usually I earn $6 million a year.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That is true. I just, I don't know. I think everyone agrees, right, that that is what happened? But I don't think that anyone would ever admit it. Isn't that gaslighting?MONTGOMERY: That is exactly what gaslighting is, Kat. They created the problem, and then they blame us for it while denying everything. They may as well just be one of my ex-boyfriends.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Yes, that is true. She's not joking.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: All right, coming up, where would you choose to go if you could live inside of your favorite show?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Is your dream to be your favorite character from TV? This week a "New York Times" piece detailed the rise in popularity of live interactive experiences based on TV shows. So they're meant for superfans of big budget shows like "Squid Game," "Bridgerton," "The Walking Dead," and "Stranger Things," which I believe is a show about the vice president.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Basically, they're a marketing tool so the shows can retain fans between seasons, where people post their experiences on social media, essentially becoming part of the show's ad campaign. My favorite show is "Road Rules," which is why my social media is going to be me hanging out with Rachel and Sean Duffy. Machi, if you could live in a show, what should would you live in?MACHI: "Gutfeld!"(APPLAUSE)MACHI: No, Kat, I actually came up with a quick list.TIMPF: OK, I'm ready.MACHI: First would be Smurfs because there's like 99 male Smurfs and only one female Smurf, so no one would ask why someone doesn't have a girlfriend.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: "Will and Grace." Same reason as the Smurfs.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: "Family Feud," I get to make out with guests. "Golden Girls" because nowadays there would be love scenes. "Sex in the City" because we could edit out the love scenes. "Hogan's Heroes," it would be refreshing to see someone make fun of Nazis on television.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: And "My 600 Pound Life" because I could tell people I'm putting on 400 pounds for a role.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: See, I think for me, I would just pick any cartoon so that you don't age. OK, do you know how old the bear is in "Berenstain Bears"? The mom is 27 years old, and papa bear is 29. What? Right? Right? And then they have a 10-year-old, which means mama and papa bear were teen parents, which makes me few the whole cartoon differently than I did.MONTGOMERY: Scandal.MACHI: Bears get married younger, though.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That is true. Kennedy, what about you? What show would you pick?MONTGOMERY: I would pick "The Crown." I love "The Crown" so much. I love every season, I love every episode. And I want to go and I want to sit and I want to drink the queen's cocktail, which is dubonnet and gin shaken with ice and then strained into a highball with ice with a slice of orange. And I want to drink with her sister Margaret and the Queen Mother and be like, what are we going to do about Elizabeth? She is such a prig. She's just gotten to full of herself. She's so dry. Pass the gin, granny.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Charlie, do you have a TV?(LAUGHTER)HURT: It is interesting because I'm thinking that maybe I did the wrong lesson here. So do you get to be a character in "The Crown" or just you're a lurker in "The Crown"?MONTGOMERY: I would like to think I'm a character, but I'm probably just lurking trying to bone a beefeater.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I think that counts as a character.HURT: I'm sure it does.TIMPF: So do you not have a TV?HURT: I'm trying to avoid the question. Actually, we do have a television. And you know what I am addicted to, "Modern Family."TIMPF: It's good.MONTGOMERY: Great show.HURT: But I wouldn't want to be in that show. I would definitely want to be in "Duck Dynasty" just because I would be a lot more comfortable living in Monroe, Louisiana, than I would wherever --TIMPF: If you want to be a part of "Duck Dynasty" you just go to "The Patriot Awards."HURT: Or I can just go out my back door, actually.TIMPF: Right. Yes, absolutely.HURT: I would feel good at home.TIMPF: I always wonder how you live.HURT: I think you'd find it very --TIMPF: As soon as you walk out of here, I'm like, where is he going? Not to do the same thing I'm doing, that's for sure.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: What about you? What show would you pick?HUNTER: I used to watch that one show where they starve these animals and make them fight each other, called "America's Next Top Model."(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Yes.HUNTER: But I'm a big fight fan, I love "The Ultimate Fighter." I love to watch the UFC. Last time there were 3.2 million people in Mexico watching it on one TV. But I love all shows. "Kobra Kai" is my favorite show. I have to say, out of all the shows, "Kobra Kai," I was a big "Karate Kid" fan. No one watches "Kobra Kai"?TIMPF: No.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: I do know what karate is, though.HUNTER: That counts. But yes, "Kobra Kai" is my favorite.TIMPF: Yes, I feel like it is a little weird, because it is just a marketing scheme. They're just saying do advertising for free. You don't actually get to be in the show.MONTGOMERY: But that's what people think, because they're losing so much money. And no one advertises on anything anymore. Everything is all Netflix and Hulu. No one watches commercials. So I think that's why the Dow does really well because people only know major brands, so those are the stocks they buy. But no one watches anything, so they have in order to make money, they have to get people to pay to do something, and they're just hoping that people are so dumb that they'll be like, oh, this is great. I'm in "Squid Game." Am I dead?(LAUGHTER)MACHI: It could be a disaster, too, because what if there is a "Duck Dynasty" show and Dick Cheney signs up.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: TV, you're right, though, it's all streaming. But I didn't grow up with cable, and I just would watch TV. People say it was better in the past. I'm not so sure that's too.MONTGOMERY: I've never watched --TIMPF: Yes, that's true. "Seventh Heaven," I used to watch that. It's like really bad. It's like a horrific show. Some of the lessons in that show, I don't think they are the right lessons to learn. You guys don't know what I'm talking about? You guys all had cable growing up. Did you watch Nickelodeon and stuff?HUNTER: I did not have that.HURT: We did not have cable.TIMPF: Oh, yeah?HURT: No. We didn't even have Atari. We got Atari after they stopped making the games. I think my parents got it at a Goodwill somewhere. You probably don't even know what an Atari is.TIMPF: I do. It's like a stick that plays video games, right?HURT: Add a little red button, yes. My friends have them.HUNTER: These kids will never know. They have "World of Warcraft." When I was growing up, a frog had to cross a pond. That was the whole game.MACHI: You try to give away an Atari to Goodwill they will laugh right in your face.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: OK.MONTGOMERY: Tell you where to stick that joystick, I'll tell you what.HURT: It was only a matter of time.TIMPF: All right, up next, experts acknowledge guys don't want to go to college.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP) TIMPF: A story in five words -- why are men abandoning college? OK, so Adam, I one time actually had a guy tell me he was going to college to be a comedian, and that was the funniest thing I've ever heard. Why do you think this is?HUNTER: I think because it's becoming ridiculous. People are majoring in like "I hate Jews," and "Guess my pronoun."(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: And all the debt. That's why I kind of supported Bernie Sanders of making college free, but then I'm like, that would ruin strip clubs.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: Can't have that. But yes, I think people are leading with that and they're not being prepared.TIMPF: Yes. I mean, Kennedy, this is just, guys, some people in the article suggested that this was because men can do, they do trade stuff. Like, sure, a lot of women could be construction people, I am not one of them. What do you think?MONTGOMERY: No, but they're desperately trying to get people, men and women to trade schools, because we don't have enough people. Like, a lot of the trades people are baby boomers. Even Gen Xers haven't filled the roles. So they are really trying to appeal to these guys who have been basically forced out of school because they're oppressors, and they use their privileged penises to just control women with the patriarchy.(LAUGHTER)MONTGOMERY: That's what they're being told. And if you're a guy and you hooked up with a girl and you were both drunk, if you're a guy, you can get kicked out with no due process at all. Doesn't matter if both parties were inebriated. And so families hear the stories and they're like, hey, Madison, wouldn't you rather become a plumber with your friend Axl.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Yes, but plumbers have a lot of sex, too, at least according to some websites.(LAUGHTER)MONTGOMERY: And no student debts.TIMPF: Almost as much as the pizza guys.HURT: But it's amazing.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I don't get it.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Charlie?HURT: What's amazing to me is this story, they talk like this is a bad thing. It's actually a really good thing. College is a scam in a lot of ways, massive debt, you learn stupid stuff, and you wind up not being able to get a good job to pay off the stupid debts that you've accumulated. And there are so many trades, whether it's electrician, plumbing, pizza delivery guy, whatever floats your boat, that you can do and make a lot of money at. And if you're good at it, you make a ton of money doing it.TIMPF: Yes, I feel like for so long there was this dumb idea that your education, it's always worth it. First of all, education comes in many forms. It doesn't have to necessarily be formal education like a college. But also, no it's not worth it to saddle yourself with a lifetime of debt so you have a piece of parchment to frame. And that would seem crazy to even suggest that, but I think it's good people are doing that.HURT: Yes. And it is actually cruel to the very people that they are promising to help, because, like you say, you wind up saddled with massive debt and no way to pay it off. And who does that help? Harvard.TIMPF: Machi?MACHI: Kat, I think you would be a terrible construction worker. But I think, men, we figured it out. Yay, men, because college is a useless scam, and a lot of the degrees are useless. But a lot of jobs don't need a college degree either. I was working in human resources over at Viacom, that was a disaster. But there was a lady working the same job at Viacom was paying to go to college. And I'm like, so let me get this straight, they're paying you to go to college to do the job you already have now. Why don't you just not do that? And my question to the left is like, hey, when men are underrepresented, where is the affirmative action there? Why aren't we making it easier for men to get into college? And men 99 percent of death row inmates. And I say it's time we execute more women.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: I can't believe you would say that on Gypsy Rose Blanchard day, of all days.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I would be a terrible construction worker. I would be a good plumber, though, I think, because I know what to do when there's a plumbing issue.MONTGOMERY: Could you imagine if you walked into someone's house with your crack hanging out? That would be like a great jump start to your Onlyfans.TIMPF: Yes, but they would think it is weird because as soon as I get there, I'd be like, hold on, I've got to call my dad.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That's what you do, something breaks, call your dad.OK, don't go away, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TIMPF: All right, final thoughts, Machi?MACHI: Kat, thank you. You can catch me tomorrow and the 30th at Comedy Club of Kansas City in Kansas City and New Year's Eve, Fort Worth Hyenas. Adam?HUNTER: I'm at the Riot Comedy Club in Houston this Friday and Saturday night.TIMPF: Excellent. That was amazing, guys. Thank you so much.Thank you to Kennedy, Charlie Hurt, Adam Hunter, Joe Machi, and our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" is next. I'm Kat Timpf, and on behalf of Greg Gutfeld, I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)