JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Where's -- what's with me? There he is Sprite man.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What's with me? That's not you, Judge.PIRRO: That's not me? That's -- what are you -- why don't they tell me?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That's what you look like before the show?PIRRO: That's it for us. Have a great night. Sorry about that, Jessica.TARLOV: It's OK.PIRRO: OK, bye!TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, good evening and welcome to Los Angeles. I'm Trace Gallagher in for Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, President Biden is facing serious dissent from within his own party. Michigan Democratic Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib is urging her supporters to vote uncommitted in their upcoming primary instead of checking the box for the president.Correspondent Mark Meredith tells us why tonight from the White House. Mark, good evening.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. One of the most Liberal lawmakers in the House says it's now time for the party to pick a new standard bearer. But with primary season already underway, it's unclear if those calls for change are coming too little too late.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (voiceover): President Biden returned to Washington with fresh criticism for House Republicans refusing to support a sweeping foreign aid package.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The way they're walking away from the threat of Russia, the way they're walking away from NATO, the way they're walking away from meeting our obligation, it's just shocking.MEREDITH (voiceover): But it's Biden facing outrage from members of his own party. Progressive Michigan Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib, a Palestinian American, furious over Biden's continued support for Israel, wants Democrats to protest vote in next week's Democratic primary.REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): Right now, we feel completely neglected and just unseen by our government. If you want us to be louder, then come here and vote uncommitted.MEREDITH (voiceover): Tlaib calls for change spotlighting the bitter race underway in Michigan. In 2020, Biden won the state by less than three points. Now, Fox News polling shows President Trump leading in a rematch. Trump beating Biden by two points but within the margin of error. Michigan Democrats tell Fox it's far from over.REP. DEBBIE DINGELL (D-MI): There's nobody better than Joe Biden. I think the campaign needs to let him get out there and be who he is. And I also am sick and tired of everybody talking about his age.MEREDITH (voiceover): The President who is 81 insists his age should excite not scare voters.BIDEN: I'm the most qualified person in this country to be President United States to finish the job I started.MEREDITH (voiceover): But it appears the White House wants to reassure the public.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Speaker, the President of the United States.MEREDITH (voiceover): Axios reports White House aides plan to use next month's State of the Union Address as a reset to show Americans Biden can handle four more years as commander-in-chief.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): But the President's age is still a political problem. The publisher of the New York Times had an interview with an outlet in which he says he's been getting complaints from the White House that they're "extremely upset about the constant coverage over this age issue." We'll see if the President himself weighs in tomorrow. Trace, he's heading out your way to California for some political fundraisers. Trace?GALLAGHER: We'll check in then. Mark Meredith live for us at the White House. Mark, thank you.Well, the Iranian-backed Houthi rebels attacked a British-owned ship on Sunday forcing the crew to evacuate. Let's get more information now from the Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin. She's live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, good evening.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHIEF NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. Well, the situation in the Red Sea escalating since Friday when the State Department decision to put the Iranian-backed Houthis back on the U.S. designated terror list came into effect.On Sunday, the Houthis launched two ballistic missiles at the Belize- flagged Lebanese-operated MV Rubymar bulk carrier which was traveling from the UAE to Bulgaria. One of the Houthi missiles successfully hit the U.K.- owned ship, which is now at risk of sinking according to a Houthi spokesperson.The crew of the MV Rubymar was forced to evacuate the ship. The Houthis also claimed to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone, a $32 million weapon off the coast of Yemen Monday. This would be the third drone shot down by Iranian proxies on November 8. The Houthis shot down an MQ-9 Reaper surveillance drone over the Red Sea. And on January 18, an MQ-9 Reaper was downed in Iraq by another Iranian proxy.A U.S. defense official told Fox, "We can confirm that a U.S. Air Force MQ- 9 crashed off the coast of Hudaydah, Yemen, and are investigating the cause."The U.S. military had some success this weekend, destroying two Houthi unmanned sea drones, one underwater, another on the surface. A senior U.S. Defense official tells us they are concerned the U.S. public has gotten lulled into complacency, thinking it is easy for the Navy to keep defending its ships. If one missile gets through and hits -- excuse me -- if one missile gets through and hits a U.S. warship, the escalation that will follow is very serious and should give people pause, the source told Fox. Adding, this is high risk right now in the Red Sea.And we've just learned, Trace, the British maritime security firm, Ambrey, says a Marshall Islands flagged bulk carrier ship was hit by a drone about 60 nautical miles north of Djibouti near the Bab El-Mandeb Strait. Trace?GALLAGHER: And on and go, Jennifer Griffin, live for us at the Pentagon. Jen, thank you.While new video tonight illustrating the latest frontline in the Southern Border crisis, hundreds of Chinese nationals seeing crossing the border from Mexico into Southern California and they are not the only ones. Correspondent Bill Melugin in Jacumba, California right now. Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. We are now in year number four of this border crisis. And as the state of Texas locks down its own border, here in the state of California, we are seeing a huge surge of illegal crossings down here at the California border. And just a few hours ago, we witnessed how far these people are going to go and what they're willing to risk to get here.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (voiceover): A stunning sight in Jacumba, California Monday afternoon as a long line of migrants from all around the world scales a steep rocky mountain and crosses illegally into the United States. This remote area, an hour east of San Diego, now a cartel smuggling hotspot for global clients.MELUGIN: Where are you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kazakhstan.MELUGIN: Kazakhstan. Kazakhstan?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kazakhstan.MELUGIN: Kyrgyzstan.MELUGIN (voiceover): Last night, groups of the migrants camped out along Interstate 8 after crossing illegally, setting fires to stay warm. There were no Border Patrol agents in sight.MELUGIN: Where are you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: What city in the U.S. do you want to go to?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Los Angeles.MELUGIN: Los Angeles. LA? Los Angeles. OK.MELUGIN (voiceover): Over the weekend, hundreds of Chinese nationals crossed illegally into Jucumba. And the number of Chinese arriving is exploding. CBP sources tell Fox in the four and a half months since October 1st, more than 20,000 Chinese nationals have been encountered at the Southern Border. That's up more than 4,000 percent over all of fiscal year 2021, when only 450 Chinese were encountered.Fox's Griff Jenkins also encountered a group of men from Syria yesterday.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Syria.JENKINS: Why are you coming to the U.S.?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because we love America.BRANDON JUDD, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: Of course, these countries that are enemies to us that want to see our government fall. Of course, they're going to be sending people when they know that all we're going to do is release them into the country.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Trace, as you're well aware, the politics of the California border, very different than those of the politics in Texas. Here in California, you're not going to see any razor wire, no shipping containers, no State Troopers, no National Guard. California is a sanctuary state. It's not trying to stop any of this. And as earlier this year, it became the first state in the country to start offering taxpayer-funded health insurance to illegal immigrants. I'm going to back to you.GALLAGHER: Bill Melugin live for un down in Jacumba. Bill, thank you.Tonight, there is continued pressure on the White House from the President's attorney general to decide whether to permit the release of the transcript of the interview between President Biden and Special Counsel Robert Hur. The session has raised serious questions about the President's cognitive ability and his mishandling of classified documents.Correspondent David Spunt is in Washington tonight. David, good evening.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. As show down between the Justice Department and the White House with both legal and political consequences, the DOJ met today's deadline to reply to Congress about the transcript of the interview between Special Counsel Robert Hur and the president of the United States.As far as the Justice Department is concerned, the document may be released, but before that happened, several hurdles have to be cleared. It must first be reviewed by intelligence agencies to make sure there's nothing classified. Once any classified information is potentially redacted, the White House would be able to subjectively invoke executive privilege over specific passages if warranted.If that happens, that would slow down the process for DOJ turning the transcript over to Capitol Hill. And there's not much trace that DOJ can do to stop executive privilege concerns. Also this week, another big step in the investigation to impeach the president. James Biden, on screen right, the President's younger brother will be on Capitol Hill on Wednesday to answer questions behind closed doors about business deals and if they relate directly to the President.Now James Biden once helped promote a hospital chain using his brother's name. It collapsed and faced fraud allegations according to a political investigation published over the weekend. House Republicans, including the man leading the impeachment probe, James Comer, have always said that Joe Biden is the brand, the brand other family members used to make money.The President himself last week called for the impeachment probe to end. Exactly one week after the President's brother testifies, his son Hunter Biden will sit down for an anticipated session and answer questions from Republicans and Democrats about his business dealings and ties to the family including the President, his father. Trace?David Spunt live for us in D.C. David, thank you.Well, stocks were closed today in observation of President's Day. Up next, we talked to Benjamin Hall about the Alexei Navalny death and President Biden's earlier warning to Vladimir Putin. First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.Fox 59 in Indianapolis says police investigate the death of one person during a shooting at a Waffle House early this morning, five other people injured. Police say two groups of people got into an altercation inside and outside the restaurant before the shooting took place.Fox 11 in Los Angeles, as the first of two ways of yet another powerful atmospheric river soaking California, bringing periods of heavy rain, snow, a slight chance of thunderstorms and the threat, of course, of landslides. Although this system is not expected to pack the very same punch as the area's recent record-setting downpours, flood fears remain heightened because of the region's soaked terrain.And a live look inside Daytona International Speedway at Daytona Beach from Fox Sports. The big story there tonight from Fox 35. The Daytona 500 is underway in Florida. The race was postponed by rain on Sunday. It is the start of the NASCAR season.And that is tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, protests in commemorations continued tonight around the world, following the death of Russian opposition figure Alexey Navalny.So far, President Biden has yet to say how he is going to back up his earlier promise that such an event would bring devastating consequences for Russia.With us now, correspondent Benjamin Hall who is in London tonight, Benjamin, it's great to see you. I want to play some sound if I can.This is from Alexey Navalny's wife, Yulia, who says that she will continue the fight.Watch this, I'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)YULIA NAVALNAYA, WIFE OF ALEXEY NAVALNY (through translator): By killing Alexey, putting killed half of me. Half of my heart and half of my soul. But I still have the other half that and it tells me that I have no right to give up.GALLAGHER: In your estimation, Benjamin, from what you've known what you've seen, do you believe this issue will fade quickly in Russia?BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL STATE DEPARTMENT CORRESPONDENT: Yes, it's very sad, Trace. As she says she has no reason to give up, and she won't.But inside Russia, there is a real crackdown happening at the moment. The police are arresting anyone who lays flowers to commemorate Navalny. If you even write a poem against the regime or against the war, against Putin, you are arrested immediately.There is a crackdown happening inside Russia just one month before the election.That means that the voice of opposition has totally gone. And Navalny's stood is that one figure, that one person who people thought might lead the way towards democracy inside Russia.And with his death, despite all the support he has, it does seem unlikely that there is going to be another push, another opposition, are rising up at the moment.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's interesting, because we talked in the intro about the consequences, that President Biden had talked about for the death of Navalny in previous statements.A reporter was asking Biden, if House Republicans bear some responsibility for Navalny's death, then -- and this was the back and forth.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, would you go as far as to say that Alexey Navalny's blood is on the hands of House Republicans right now?BIDEN: No. I wouldn't use that term, but they are making a big mistake not responding. Look, the way they're walking away from threat of Russia, the way they are walking away from NATO, the way they are walking away from meeting our obligations, it's just shocking.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What do you think of the U.S. response to this so far? Benjamin?HALL: It will, you know, yes, it was interesting. 2021, we saw President Biden meet Putin in Geneva. And he said afterwards, he looked Putin in the eyes, and he said, if anything happens to Navalny in prison, it will be devastating for Russia.But what we have seen, we have seen just that happen, we have seen Navalny die. Still unclear exactly how he died. But Yulia, his wife, said that it was because -- it was Novichok, the same poison that he was poisoned with in 2021.And whether or not there is any response that the U.S. or the west can do at the moment, which will affect Russia is unclear. Russia is so heavily sanctioned because of the war in Ukraine that putting more sanctions on isn't going to do much, to be honest.There is some talk in the U.S. at the moment bipartisan talk, that perhaps you can make Russia, a state sponsor of terrorism. But again, that is more of a moral move, rather than an actual move that will hurt Russia. So, it remains to be seen.What can be done to hold Russia to account for this? And the answer is not very much.They are not only going after the opposition, though.Navalny's family has spoken out as well, and said they're unable to get the body of Navalny back. So, they are going through it as well. And the Russian government coming out and saying, it will be 14 days until his body will be released. And again, that points again to Novichok.So, the fact that the same chemical was used this time as it was used in 2021. Another clear message to the west that Putin is not afraid of anything that the West or America can really do to him right now.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I want to move across the border now, into Ukraine, if I can, Benjamin, because the Ukrainian president, Zelenskyy, gave this assessment today after visiting the front line, if we can put this up, quoting here, "There is now an extremely difficult situation in several parts of the frontline, precisely where Russian troops have concentrated maximum reserves. They are taking advantage of delays in aid to Ukraine, and this is a very sensitive matter. Artillery shortages, the need for frontline air defense, and for longer-range weapons."I mean, we are kind of at where push comes to shove. And it appears that Ukraine needs more resources. What are your thoughts on this?HALL: It -- not just that Russia are pushing in five different places right now. They just took over the city of Avdiivka, in the last couple of days. They now have 40,000 troops moving into Mariupol. They have 110,000 troops just further south. And so, there is some concern that Russia is beginning a counter-offensive to try and push back the Ukrainians to where they were before, Ukrainian counter-offensive that took place last year when they took over areas.And so, right now Russia knows that Ukraine lacks ammunition. There is none coming at the moment. And this could be an opportunity, even though the weather is terrible for an offensive at the moment.This is an opportunity perhaps for Russia to push on. And they need, Putin needs some positive news ahead of the election. Some victories now helps him domestically, as much as it helps him in Ukraine. And he knows that unless the support and the weapons comes from the west, the Russians have the upper hand.A year ago, the Ukrainians thought they might push Russia out of the country. Today, those tables really seem to have turned right now.GALLAGHER: Benjamin Hall, great analysis as always, live from London. Benjamin, thank you.Up next, Nikki Haley desperately tries to make headway ahead of the presidential primary in her home state. First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS tonight.The Palestinian foreign minister accuses Israel of apartheid. Riyad Maliki told the International Court of Justice, it should declare Israel's occupation of lands sought for a Palestinian state illegal.Israel's representatives were not scheduled to speak. They submitted a five-page letter to the Court last July that was published after today's hearing.An American man admits to charges of murder and rape after he is accused of pushing two U.S. women down a ravine last year in Germany, killing one of them.The 31-year-old defendant, admitted to the charges during the start of his trial. His name has not been released in line with German privacy rules. He faces life in prison.And visitors to the Eiffel Tower are turned away because of a strike over poor financial management at one of the world's most visited sites. Strikers are seeking a salary increase in proportion to the incoming revenue from ticket sales. They also want improved maintenance of the monument.Just some of the other stories "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight, and we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, two police officers and a firefighter from suburban Minneapolis are dead tonight. They were killed responding to a domestic call in Burnsville on Sunday morning. Authority, say an armed man was barricaded with his family members including seven children ages two to 15 years old. The suspect was killed, apparently, during a firefight.Police have a suspect in custody tonight in connection to the shooting inside a dorm at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, Friday. Two people were killed. Police say they believe it was an isolated incident between people who were known to each other and not a random attack.We are now less than a week from the next stop on the Republican primary calendar and it is a crucial one for Nikki Haley. The former South Carolina governor will try to hold on to her state that she faces an uphill battle against former President Trump.Correspondent Alexandria Hoff is in Greer, South Carolina tonight. Alexandria, good evening.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Go get anybody out to vote.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Nikki Haley's uphill battle is no less steep in her home state.HALEY: It's a great day in South Carolina.HOFF: The former governor is hoping for at least a competitive showing in Saturday's Republican primary. The latest Citadel poll out of South Carolina shows Haley 33 percentage points behind former President Trump. That's despite receiving nearly $10 million more in political ads support according to tracking firm AdImpact.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When your enemy thinks you're weak, your leader must be strong.HOFF: Haley has been highly critical of Trump's take on foreign policy, as well as his ability to beat President Biden in the general election given his calendar of court dates. Haley sat down for a town hall last night with Fox News's John Roberts.HALEY: Chaos just follows him everywhere he goes. And some of this has been very politically motivated. We see that for what it is. Some of it has not been fair, some he's going to have to defend himself.HOFF: At a rally in Michigan Saturday, Trump's focus was largely on condemning the legal cases against him. Only briefly mentioning South Carolina and Haley.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Get out and vote. You watch South Carolina, how we are doing there. We are doing great.Nikki Haley, have you ever heard of her? You don't hear her name too much anymore.HOFF: Trump is set to arrive in the state tomorrow. He has slammed South Carolina's open primary system which allows Democrats to participate so long as they did not cast a ballot in the Democratic primary held earlier this month.(END VIDEO TAPE)HOFF (on camera): This afternoon the South Carolina GOP released a statement discouraging Democrats from taking part. Nikki Haley has indicated that she welcomes all voters and says that her battle for the nomination is not going to end on Saturday. Trace?GALLAGHER: Alexandria Hoff live for us in South Carolina. Alexandria, thank you.Please join Laura Ingraham tomorrow at 7:00 p.m. eastern for a townhall with former President Trump. We will have it for you live from Greenville, South Carolina.Well, Wisconsin Democratic Governor Tony Evers has signed new legislative district maps into law. Republicans who control the state legislature passed the new rules in order to avoid having the liberal controlled State Supreme Court draw the lines. Democrats are hailing the signing as a major political victory in the swing state where the legislature has been firmly under Republican control for more than a decade even as Democrats have won 14 of the past 17 statewide elections.While there is increasing trouble tonight in the U.S. House of Representatives, the body is stymied from even debating legislation drafted by its own party leadership. The inaction and frustration are nearing historic levels. Here is the senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Watch out -- Republicans burning down their own house.REP. BRIAN FITZPATRICK, (R-PA): Things have not been functioning well at all and that needs to change.PERGRAM: Chaos in an institution which mastered dysfunction.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We can't get anything done.PERGRAM: Exasperation.REP. JIM MCGOVERN, (D-MA): My Republican friends are barely hanging on to this majority by their fingernails.PERGRAM: Republicans blocking their own bills from the floor six times in the past eight months. That happened just twice in the previous 23 years.REP. NANCY PELOSI, (D-CA): We only had a two-vote margin at the end. Some people out on a limb on things that aren't that important.PERGRAM: House Republicans also down a two-vote majority after losing the New York special election.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How do you handle a more narrow majority in the house now?REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: Just as we do every day. We just do a lot of member discussion.PERGRAM: Republicans taking aim at novice speaker Mike Johnson. Some regretting the ouster of former speaker Kevin McCarthy, especially McCarthy allies.REP. CARLOS GIMENEZ, (R-FL): Whatever the cards were for McCarthy are the same cards that are being dealt to Speaker Johnson. All it did was take a crowbar to it and made it worse.PERGRAM: Republicans criticizing Johnson for indecision and late play calls.REP. BYRON DONALDS, (R-FL): They've got to start thinking strategically over the long term, not just what's in front of us.PERGRAM: Five committee chairs retiring, including Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mark Green.REP. MARK GREEN, (R-TN) HOMELAND SECURITY COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: Thanks, guys.PERGRAM: He just led the impeachment of Homeland Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.GREEN: My point being you go out to win, right. And I have accomplished what I wanted to do.PERGRAM: A Monmouth poll found that only 17 percent of surveyed approve of Congress. But not everyone believes political paralysis is bad.REP. CHIP ROY, (R-TX): Let me just tell you something about the people I represent. They don't want this body to keep passing more laws and spending more money for the sake of it.(END VIDEO TAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Two government funding deadlines loom in March. Conservatives are fighting fire with fire, not only burning down the House, but perhaps shutting down the government, too. Trace?GALLAGHER: Chad, thank you.Up next on this Presidents' Day, a look how election preferences and demographics shape the race for the White House. And later, will the Biden administration allow the release of the interview transcript between President Biden and Special Counsel Robert Hur. The panel is coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Today is Presidents' Day, honoring those who have served as commander-in-chief. It is never an easy road to the White House. My colleague Bret Baier takes a look how election preferences and demographics have shaped how candidates campaign over the years.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks, Trace.An early look at our 2024 presidential power rankings predicts Georgia and Arizona will be among the closest contests. Those states were once thought to be Republican strongholds. The same is happening on the Democratic side with Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. Those have shifted from solid blue to definite swing state territory.Tonight, we take a look at how the election map has changed over the years.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)TRUMP: So Pennsylvania is one of the most important battleground states in the nation.BIDEN: We're doing a heck of a lot in the state of Nevada.HALEY: I win Wisconsin by 15 points.BAIER: Since news coverage of elections began, efforts to accurately predict the outcome have only gotten more intense.As we look at the map for the presidential contest, the closest battle grounds, as you see them right now, this group of states?JESSICA TAYLOR, COOK POLITICAL REPORT: I believe so. I mean, these were the closest last time around.BAIER: If we go back 24 years, Florida, North Carolina, Virginia, Ohio, and six elections.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Keep your eye on Virginia. Keep your eye on Indiana.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Iowa is a state also won by Al Gore four years ago, though narrowly.BAIER: Our election map looked vastly different.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oregon, we don't know. That might be a Bush state. Florida is still the whole game, and that's what we're waiting for.BAIER: On election night 2000, FOX News and other networks first called Florida for Vice President Al Gore.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Florida, the state of Florida is back in play.BAIER: The state later went to Texas Governor George W. Bush by a very narrow margin.TAYLOR: Florida used to be -- Florida, Florida, Florida. It's what 2000 came down to.BAIER: I spent 40 days and 40 nights in Tallahassee.TAYLOR: Yes.BAIER: It could be up to 10 days before we know who will be living in the White House the next four years.The recount, certification, and legal battle would take more than a month. The results eventually showed Bush with 537-vote lead over Gore.GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I'm thankful for America and thankful that we were able to resolve our electoral differences in a peaceful way.BAIER: Since 2000, Florida's population has changed with increase in Republican leaning retirees and Hispanics who fled socialism.GERHARD PETERS, THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY PROJECT: I think there is a misconception out there in just popular culture that there is this monolithic Hispanic community. I see a Mexican American vote, right you see Cuban American vote. Cuban Americans in south Florida have historically been very reliable Republican voters.TAYLOR: To me, does Biden even play there? It's just very hard to imagine that being very competitive when you look at just the trends.BAIER: In 2008 Florida turned blue in a close race between Arizona Senator John McCain and Illinois Senator Barack Obama. Florida wasn't the only state to swing left.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He has carried the state of Colorado, the state McCain, obviously, would have liked to have.BAIER: Colorado --TAYLOR: Colorado, yes.BAIER: -- was in red, kind of went blue.TAYLOR: Colorado to me is what possibly maybe in Arizona could be a couple of years if we see sort of the same trends.BAIER: Since then, Colorado has experienced significant population increase especially in and around Denver, which has grown by 20 percent in the last 10 years.AUSTIN WRIGHT, MUSEUM OF DEMOCRACY: Colorado is a great example of how the demographics changed. And I think Obama's kind of hope and change sentiment really contributed to that, giving young people this hope that the country could be a better, different place.BAIER: Arizona has a similar story.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Arizona, this is a Bush state, expected to win.BAIER: Mitt Romney will win the state of Arizona handily.Arizona is still out here, but it's a Republican-leaning state.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why is Arizona blue? Did we just call it?BAIER: The once solid red state now holds the most populated county and suburb in the United States.PETERS: What's interesting is that a lot of suburban voters have voted Republican in the past because they were thinking about pocketbook issues. Beginning in 2016 a lot of those voters, especially educated women voters, have moved away from the Republican Party and moved away from the MAGA movement. A lot of them are thinking of abortion rights.BAIER: Georgia is experiencing some of the same trends. Republicans won the state for years.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Georgia, Georgia, Georgia. It is becoming a central focus.BAIER: But thanks to a thriving job market, young voters are making the Atlanta metro area more diverse and more Democratic.WRIGHT: The digital side of it has really changed the way people campaign. And so I think that in places like Georgia, I think the hyperfocus targeting young people in particular has kind of changed that whole dynamic.BAIER: In Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, it is not population changes that are driving the change in presidential preference. In those states, it is often the party's policies.PETERS: The coalitions of people that make up the political parties change. You still have that large degree of working class voters. And I think the key for the Democrats and for Joe Biden is, number one, to show up.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): The political landscape could change again in the years ahead. Our FOX News power rankings predict a close race in Minnesota driven by a white working class vote that is not as reliably Democratic as it used to be. And on the other side, Democrats are slowly closing the gap on Republicans in Texas. That's driven by demographics with Hispanics and young voters contributing to that shift.We'll send it back to you.GALLAGHER: Bret, thank you.Up next, the issue of what to do with the transcript of the interview between the president and the special counsel. The panel has some thoughts on that.And later, remembering the battle of Iwo Jima.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JASON CHAFFETZ, (R) FORMER UTAH REPRESENTATIVE: A special counsel is put in place to produce a report for Congress. So the other big question is, is there a transcript? Is there a video?KERRI KUPEC URBAHN, FOX NEWS LEGAL EDITOR: I do have concerns about the Republicans calling for the release of these transcripts because I think it could set a bad precedent. I think it would discourage candor from the targets and the witness.REP. BRAD WENSTRUP, (R-OH): Should the White House be happy that he's not going to be charged, or should they be upset that they revealed his deficiencies.REP. DEBBIE DINGELL, (D-MI): There's nobody better than Joe Biden. And I also am sick and tired of everybody talking about his age.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I think they are going to keep talking about it. Let's bring in our panel, FOX News chief political analyst Brit Hume, Susan Page, Washington Bureau Chief at "USA Today," and Trey Gowdy, former Congressman from South Carolina. Thank you all for coming on. We very much appreciate it.Brit, to you, first. The whole concept of releasing this transcript, should it be released? Do you think it should be withheld? What are your thoughts?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, I'm not going to comment on whether it should or should not, Trace. But I think the reason why the administration is resistant to it, yes, there's some classified material concerns and that has to be dealt with, and then may also be executive privilege claims would have to be resolved. But the main reason, obviously, that they are concerned about this is it appears the president later, after this all came to light and the charges were not filed, and Hur's report came out, the president claimed that question of his son's passing and when it happened was something that Special Counsel Hur had brought up. And it's now been pretty well discerned that it was the president himself who brought that up.And the last thing the White House needs is any further revelations of the president not having his memory solid and failing to remember things and stumbling and all the rest of it. And I guess the concern may be that this transcript may be full of such stumbles and failures to remember and saying things that -- whether inadvertently or not are not true. Further political embarrassment is obviously an issue.GALLAGHER: This kind of plays both ways, though, Trey Gowdy. If you do not release this transcript, everybody has saw, everyone has read and read into it what they want. So if you don't release it, that could also be somewhat damaging, fair?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. You know, Trace, I'm a universe of one, which means I'm lonely. But it doesn't mean I'm wrong. I think prosecutors ought to speak through indictments. What Jim Comey did with his press conference was wrong. Robert Mueller has no business weighing in on anything on whether or not a crime was committed. Rob Hur, the same analysis. So I may be wrong, but at least I'm consistent. Prosecutors don't speak through press conferences or reports.And look, Jason Chaffetz is my friend and he was my colleague. But he left out a really important word -- "confidential". Rob Hur's job was to write a confidential report, not do opposition research for the Republican Party. Prosecutors are held to a different standard. We're not political hacks, and they should not act like that.GALLAGHER: Go ahead, Brit.HUME: I hate to interrupt, but just one thing. He was required, was Hur, as was just noted, to file a report. He filed a confidential report, and the president's attorney general decided to release it. So, how is that on the prosecutor? I don't think it is. It may be in keeping with our current standards of everything released, but it certainly wasn't up to Hur.GALLAGHER: Susan, to you now. Karine Jean-Pierre was asked about the transcript, and she said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Given that you think the report is flatly wrong and gratuitous, you can't say you want the material to be made public?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: No, what I can say is they are discussing it. They are looking at it. There is a process that's involved. And so the White House counsel obviously has taken these questions from all of you. And so they're looking into it. I just don't have anything further to say about that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Susan, where do you come down on this?SUSAN PAGE, WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF, "USA TODAY": She said in response to another question that it's not a no. It's not a yes. They're considering it. I think it's not fair to tag the White House as resistant yet on the release of the transcript. I don't know where they will come down.I guess their decision is probably going to be based on whether it makes the case that the criticism of his mental faculties that the special counsel made were gratuitous and inaccurate, as the president's defenders have said, or if they make his case. We are going to go into a campaign for the next eight or nine months, and we're going to find out about the questions that we have about both of these major candidates. That's going to be what this campaign is about.GALLAGHER: Yes, talking about the campaign, this Monmouth poll is very telling. It says Biden, will he be replaced as the Democratic nominee. You see the top two red boxes there, very likely, 20 percent, somewhat likely, 28 percent. If you are a Democrat, that's a big number, Trey Gowdy.GOWDY: Yes, and the question is, replaced by whom? I think Kamala Harris got the same number of delegates as the four of us. And the difference being we weren't running for president when she ran. So, are you going to skip over her to go to Gavin Newsom? I think the smart money is that Biden does not run in November. That's where I place my bet. But I got no clue who they are going to replace him with.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think that's right.And Brit Hume, to you, the question now becomes, do you reset? How do you reset? If you are going to be the candidate, there has been some talk about maybe using the March 7th State of the Union address to maybe reset your campaign, to kind of give the American people a different, newer look at you. Does it work, or have minds already been made up?HUME: As far as Biden is concerned, I think the ship has sailed on him. People have been looking at him now for several years. They have seen and noticed the deterioration in his faculties and his memory and the rest of it. So, I don't think they can -- there is much they can do to dress him up as a more youthful and vibrant figure. And, of course, if they get him to drop out, it would depend on how he did. If he left immediately, Kamala Harris would be president. If he left at the end of his term, they could have an open process. He would have to release his delegates, of course. And they could have -- they could have a foreshortened campaign season to establish the nominee. That would be exciting.GALLAGHER: Yes. Susan Page, I would like to move onto former President Trump, $350 million judgment against him. "The New York Post" writes the following, quoting here, "A host of Trump properties in Manhattan, Westchester, and the Hudson Valley, even his iconic $348 million Trump Tower, could end up on the chopping block, sources told the "Post", as a 30-day deadline to pay the fine imposed by Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Arthur Engoron looms." This could hurt the former president clearly, also hurt New York, the business capacity of the state of New York as Governor Kathy Hochul was kind of pointing to.PAGE: Sure there could be no worse news for Donald Trump who has been defined by his real estate empire there. But that is a big fine. That is a lot of money he needs to come up with. Even during the appeals process he needs to have this money put on the table or a loan made by somebody to cover it. So, these -- this has got to be a time of some hard choices for the Trump -- for former President Trump and his family about how to come up with this huge sum of money.GALLAGHER: Trey Gowdy, now you can put your legal hat back on for you, sir, if you would, because Jonathan Turley had this to say about not having any victims in this case. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY LAW PROFESSOR: Part of it is the disconnect here is that you have what will be over $455 million if you include interest. And then on the other side of the ledger, you have zero. There's not a single dollar lost by these victims. In fact, the people that James calls the victims actually wanted to do more business with Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: A lot of money for no harm. Your thoughts?GOWDY: I have a slightly different analysis. I mean, the fact that you tried to rob the bank and weren't successful is really not a good defense. I mean, all drug cases are victimless crimes.My problem is you have an attorney general and a district attorney who literally ran for office saying we're going to go after a person in Donald Trump. Not a crime. God knows there is a long list of crimes Alvin Bragg will not go after, but apparently hush money is one that he will. When did we start electing people who target individuals? We prosecute crime, not people in this country. That's my problem with this prosecution and Alvin Bragg's.GALLAGHER: Yes, we've got about 45 seconds left, Brit. The perception that Trump is getting a raw deal and the people that we talk to every night seems to be growing a bit. What do you think?HUME: Look, what he did -- what he was charged with, he did. The question really is not that. He was guilty. The question is whether the penalty was ridiculously disproportionate to the damage done by the alleged crime. And I think most people look at that and they say, wait a minute, that is staggering. That is way out of proportion to any harm. In fact, you can make a pretty good, strong argument that there is actually no harm.GALLAGHER: Yes. Could you make the same argument, Susan?PAGE: Well, you are saying he is guilty of misleading his investors and overstating his wealth. Isn't there some harm there to kind of the way our system is supposed to work?GALLAGHER: Yes, yes. Very quickly. Yes. OK. Trey Gowdy, Susan Page, Brit Hume, thank you all. We appreciate your time.And finally tonight, today's throwback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(EXPLOSIONS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The naval bombardment prepares the landing.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: On this day 79 years ago during World War II, the U.S. Marine Corps launched its invasion of Iwo Jima, a critical island 660 miles away from the Japanese capital of Tokyo. The battle costs the lives of over 6,000 U.S. service members. After the invasion the island served as an emergency landing site for B-29 bombers, saving the lives of 24,000 Americans.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, we hear from South Carolina voters ahead of this weekend's primary. Thanks for watching. I'm Trace Gallagher. I'll see you back here on FOX NEWS AT NIGHT.