SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Real quick, seventh grade girl steals the ball. Sinks a 3 pointer during a tied game from half court and wins it.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes.SMITH: Love it.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All together, one, two, three, you go, girl. That makes me feel so good. All right. That's it for us. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know, I really liked sloth news, but I think you should bring back the sexy music. All right, thanks, Greg.GUTFELD: Thanks.BAIER: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, increasing pressure on President Biden to address the border crisis. Illegal immigrants are being accused of major crimes now in two states this evening. And the immigration issue is now front and center in the presidential campaign. It has been but even more so tonight. The president hosting congressional leaders in the Oval Office today.Senior National Correspondent Rich Edson is at the White House tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Bret. Well, the day after President Biden's Thursday trip to the border, the government part of it will shut down without an agreement. That's what led to the meeting here at the White House today. Democrats and Republicans described those discussions as productive and intense and also involving a host of issues facing the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)EDSON (voice over): With the partial government shutdown approaching Friday, congressional leaders negotiated with President Biden in the Oval Office on government funding and aid to Israel and Ukraine and more.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): When I showed up today, my purpose was to express what I believe is the obvious truth. You have to talk first about our open border.EDSON (voice over): In a new Gallup poll, 28 percent of Americans say immigration is the most important problem facing the country. That's an eight percent increase over the past month. Behind immigration, government, the economy and inflation.Gallup says this is the first time in five years immigration has ranked first in this list. Republicans say the White House can address this by reversing the executive orders Biden signed unraveling Trump era immigration policies, the White House says Congress needs to approve more funding.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): I think Biden won that argument because he said you can't do it, we all said, without personnel and you need legislation for personnel.EDSON (voice over): And the White House accuses Republicans of thwarting progress to mollify the former president.JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: The speaker has to decide exactly what he wants to do here and then move out.EDSON (voice over): Biden is scheduled to travel to the border at Brownsville, Texas Thursday. But in recent weeks, much of the influx has shifted to other parts of the southern border. Republicans say the trip is nothing more than an attempt to give brief attention to an issue they say the president has ignored.SEN. BILL HAGERTY (R-TN): Now we're in an election year. Suddenly there's a problem and now let's create some legislation that doesn't work. And then blame it on the Republicans and it fails to pass in an immediate vote with no time. So, this is really really rich.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): About 20 percent of government departments would run out of money Friday, that the remaining 80 percent would shut down the following Friday without an agreement. Speaker Johnson says he is optimistic they will fund the government, Bret.BAIER: Rich Edson live in the North Lawn. Rich, thanks.Dramatic testimony this afternoon relating to the Georgia election interference case against President -- former President Donald Trump. It involves the inquiry into whether the prosecutor in the case should be removed.Correspondent Steve Harrigan is in Atlanta tonight with the very latest. Good evening, Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. Terrence Bradley was supposed to be the star witness for the defense. But it became clear pretty quickly that he did not want to be there on the stand. He was confronted with texts that he had written texts about the relationship between Fani Willis the D.A. and the prosecutor she hired, Nathan Wade.He claimed in those texts that their relationship began before 2022, before Nathan Wade was hired, and before the sworn testimony of Willis and Wade, who said their relationship only began after Wade was hired.Today on the stand, visibly uncomfortable Bradley tried to back away from those texts, saying he was only speculating at the time.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why in the heck would you speculate in this text message and say that it started when she left the D.A.'s office and was the judge in south Fulton? Why would you speculate and say that in a text?TERRENCE BRADLEY, FORMER NATHAN WADE DEFENSE ATTORNEY: I knew they had met at the Municipal Court conference.HARRIGAN (voice over): One after the other, the defense attorneys attacked Bradley's credibility, at times treating him with scorn.BRADLEY: Did I lie to Miss --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The question Mr. Bradley, you're a lawyer, did you lie to Miss Merchant when you told her facts about Mr. Wade and Miss Willis's relationship?BRADLEY: I mentioned earlier that I speculated on some things.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Bradley's speculation is kind of a weaselly lawyer word. Let's speak truth here that are under oath.HARRIGAN (voice over): Eventually, the judge will have to decide whether one or both of the prosecutors will have to be removed from the case.(END VIDEOTAPE)HARRIGAN (on camera): And on Friday, the judge will have to decide whether or not to admit Nathan Wade's cell phone records as evidence. Those cell phone show thousands of calls and messages between Willis and Wade in the period before they said they were an item. Bret, back to you.BAIER: We'll follow it all. Steve Harrigan live in Atlanta. Steve, thanks.We are learning additional details tonight about the death of a Georgia nursing student last week allegedly at the hands of an illegal immigrant and what we're hearing is very disturbing. Correspondent Danamarie McNicholl is in Athens, Georgia again tonight with the latest. Good evening.DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.New documents reveal gruesome details about what happened to Laken Riley when she was running on that densely wooded trail here on UGA's campus.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MCNICHOLL (voice over): These details are hard to hear. Now, according to arrest records, Ibarra drag Riley's body to a secluded area and used a weapon to seriously disfiguring the 22-year-old's skull.We learned yesterday from the coroner that Riley died from blunt force trauma to her head, but we don't yet know the murder weapon. Among other details, prosecutors may have direct information the suspect prevented the victim from calling police.PAUL MAURO, FORMER NEW YORK CITY POLICE INSPECTOR: There's a chance that the phone line was still open during the commission of the crime. Or in fact she got through to 911, maybe had a chance to ask for help. And he managed to interfere with that.MCNICHOLL (voice over): It's unclear in what order these events happened. The motive also unclear. UGA police say Riley and Ibarra did not know each other and calls this a crime of opportunity.Athens police also revealing more information about the suspect's past. They say Ibarra and his brother were stopped for shoplifting $200 worth of clothes and food back in October. They were cited but not arrested.(END VIDEOTAPE)MCNICHOLL (on camera): And Ibarra does remain in jail without bond. His next court appearance is not yet scheduled, Bret.BAIER: Danamarie, thank you. Another Venezuelan illegal immigrant in custody tonight in Virginia following an arrest in a sexual assault case involving a minor. Chief Washington Correspondent Mike Emanuel has that story. Good evening, Mike.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. Authorities say that 32-year-old suspect was detained after crossing the border in El Paso and then released by Customs and Border Protection last September.The suspect is identified as Renzo Mendoza Montes, who's being held without bond, the felony charges he's facing carnal knowledge of a child without force, taking indecent liberties with a minor.The incident taking place in Campbell County, Virginia, just outside Lynchburg last month. That's about 180 miles from Washington, D.C. The victim is described as a 14-year-old female acquaintance. Virginia Attorney General Jason Miyares blamed lax Biden border policies for this crime.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JASON MIYARES, VIRGINIA ATTORNEY GENERAL: This is an individual that got stopped at the border, was released, made his way to Virginia. These are the most preventable of violent crimes. It's a somebody that has been apprehended and because of the Biden administration, they just let them go into our country where they can hurt innocent Virginians or Georgians or Americans.EMANUEL (voice over): Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin reacting on X, "We pray for the victim tonight and thank the Campbell County Sheriff's Department. Let's be clear, prosecution must be to the fullest extent of the law."(END VIDEOTAPE)EMANUEL (on camera): The suspect's being held without bond at the Blue Ridge Regional Jail. The sheriff's office says the investigation is ongoing, Bret.BAIER: OK, Mike, thank you.Former President Donald Trump is expected to easily win today's Michigan primary for the Republicans and while the former president figures to be President Biden's opponent in November. Today, President Biden is being challenged by forces within his own party in Michigan.Fox Business Correspondent Grady Trimble explains from Bloomfield Township.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Former President Donald Trump is hoping to cruise to victory in the state that's home to the U.S. auto industry.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The auto workers are going to be with us 100 percent because they got sold out by this country.TRIMBLE (voice over): The former president is counting on support from blue collar workers, along with voters who tell us they're concerned about the economy, crime and even here along the northern border, the crisis at the southern border.KAREN SIEGEL, MICHIGAN VOTER: I think people need to be vetted when they come in. I think it's really important that we know who's coming in.AARON GOLDFEIN, MICHIGAN VOTER: I'm worried about illegal immigration and people coming over here with criminal records.TRIMBLE (voice over): At campaign events in Michigan and other Super Tuesday states this week, former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley is trying to make the case that Trump can't win a general election. On the Democratic side, President Joe Biden's biggest challenger isn't another candidate.REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): I was proud today to walk in and pull a democratic ballot and vote uncommitted.TRIMBLE (voice over): It's a campaign encouraging Democrats to vote uncommitted not for Biden as a way to protest his handling of the war in Gaza.Michigan sizable Arab American population is a key voting bloc that could determine the outcome in this critical swing state. The uncommitted push has the party divided.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For right now, I will not vote for him, no.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I was extremely excited that this was kind of a chance to bring down Biden.TRIMBLE: Ultimately, do you think they're helping former President Trump?MEGHAN VANDENPLAS, MICHIGAN VOTER: I think they are helping him in this situation. Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know what they're hoping to accomplish with this.(END VIDEOTAPE)TRIMBLE (on camera): Polls closed in the next few hours. In the Republican primary, 16 delegates are up for grabs tonight. The rest of the states 55 total delegates will be divvied up at a convention run by the state GOP this weekend, Bret.BAIER: All right, Grady, thanks. We'll have results here on Fox.Stocks were mixed today as consumer confidence fell for the first time in four months. The Dow lost 97, the S&P 500 was up nine, the NASDAQ, as you see, finished ahead 59.Up next, how to Democrat run cities in Texas are taking new steps to deal with America's crime crisis.And later, we talked to the host of a new Fox Nation special about New York City Mayor Eric Adams, illegal immigration called the sanctuary trap.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: House Republicans have subpoenaed Special Counsel Robert Hur for the transcript and any recordings of President Biden's interview from the investigation into his mishandling of classified documents.The chairman of three committees, leading an impeachment inquiry had requested the materials by February 19th.The justice department is saying it is working to gather and process the documents.Senate Democrats are readying legislation to protect and expand IVF care after a controversial Alabama court ruling, appending in vitro fertilization treatment in the state.The ruling by the Republican-controlled Alabama Supreme Court that frozen embryos should be considered children has led several clinics to pause IVF treatment.Alabama state legislators are also working on proposals to try to remove the uncertainties for those clinics.Police officers in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will no longer respond to lower priority calls that do not require personnel on the scene.Pittsburgh bureau of police says, it will instead redirect callers to its telephone reporting unit. Officers will still respond to what are called in-progress emergencies where a person may need medical aid along with domestic disputes, calls with evidence or where the mobile crime unit will be requested to process a scene.Tonight, we see how to police departments from Democrat-run cities in Texas are admitting failures in public safety gaps. Senior correspondent Casey Stegall has our "AMERICA'S CRIME CRISIS" report tonight from Dallas.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MICHAEL BULLOCK, PRESIDENT, AUSTIN, TEXAS POLICE ASSOCIATION: Extremely concerning. We're not showing any signs of immediately improving our staffing situation.CASEY STEGALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Austin police are sounding the alarm, homicide rates hitting new highs over the last three years as their force grapples with a staffing crisis.BULLOCK: It's been rough.STEGALL (voice over): The city's police department is short roughly 500 officers. Things are so tight for a few hours on a recent Saturday, an entire section of East Austin had zero patrol officers on duty.BULLOCK: Usually about that time, we would have anywhere from 10 to 14 officers that might be available.STEGALL (voice over): Even with new cadets in the pipeline. Austin police say they've had issues recruiting and retaining new officers, following the city council's 2020 vote to partially defund the police, which was later reversed.In Houston, different cities, similar problems.TROY FINNER, POLICE CHIEF, HOUSTON: Am I proud about this? No. I'm angry.STEGALL (voice over): Police Chief Troy Finner not mincing words over his department's failure to process more than 4,000 sexual assault cases dating back to 2016, due to lack of personnel to investigate.According to an internal audit, Houston police now say 264,000 criminal cases were never investigated, accounting for roughly 10 percent of all incident reports, filed with HPD in the past eight years.FINNER: It was unacceptable then, it's unacceptable now.STEGALL (voice over): The chief says he's down roughly 2,000 officers but is now assigned 32 additional investigators to reopen the suspended cases.(END VIDEOTAPE)STEGALL (on camera): The staffing shortage is also blamed on a wave of retirements, mixed with low pay and benefits as departments struggle to fill the ranks. Bret?BAIER: Casey, thank you.A man suspected in the death of a woman who was fatally bludgeoned in a New York City hotel room earlier this month appeared in an Arizona court today -- yesterday rather.Raad Almansoori was arrested in Arizona last week, where police say he is a suspect in two stabbings in recent days there.Prosecutors there are refusing to extradite him to New York, blaming what they call the city's soft on crime policies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: We need to modify the sanctuary city law that if you commit a felony a violent act, we should be able to turn you over to ICE and have you deported. You should be not committing crimes in our city.But doing so right now, we don't have the authority to do so.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Speaking of New York City, let's get some perspective on the border crisis, the crime crisis.Joining us tonight, Rosanna Scotto, she's the co-host of "GOOD DAY NEW YORK" on FOX5 in New York. She is also hosting a Fox Nation special about Mayor Eric Adams called the "SANCTUARY TRAP".Rosanna, great to see you.ROSANNA SCOTTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Nice to see you, Bret. Thank you so much for inviting me.BAIER: So, Eric Adams, it seems like from on the time he campaigned until really now has done a 180 on this issue of sanctuary cities.SCOTTO: I think he's had an epiphany along the way. I mean, when the migrants first came here, that he was greeting them off the buses, holding babies, kissing them. And now, he realized, we've got a problem.First of all, we have nowhere to put migrants, today, over 70 of them were found living illegally in the basement of a furniture store in Queens. They have now been moved to a migrant shelter, where they originally basically maxed out of. There was no more room at the end. So, they were living illegally under this furniture store in Queens.But let's talk about some of the crimes, because it came to a head recently, when some migrants were accused of beating up police officers in the middle of Times Square. They were arrested, at least some of them were arrested.And then, they were basically let go on bail or without bail. And I think the mayor had an epiphany and realized this can't continue. People were just so outraged in New York City that this was happening.Now, as a sanctuary city, the mayor is not allowed to have the police notify the Feds that this is going on in the migrant community. But I think as you heard, recently, he's changed his tune. He would like to change the laws so that these people who were committing crimes in New York City would be deported.BAIER: Yes. I want to play a clip from the "SANCTUARY TRAP". Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTTO: What would it take for you to close the front door?ADAMS: I don't have the authorization to tell people they can't come into New York City.SCOTTO: Why not?ADAMS: It's against the law. Even if someone commits a crime repeatedly, we can't even turn them in a moment to ICE.I cannot break the law and enforce the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Obviously, we've seen this case in Georgia with Laken Riley. That illegal immigrant allegedly behind that murder, was arrested in New York and was not turned over to ICEIf you look at these numbers presented, staggering: 173,900 asylum seekers, New York City has provided food medical care and shelter since 2022.I mean, those numbers are really large and have to impact the city across the board.SCOTTO: And it just seems endless too. I mean, now, there is a new program, a pilot program that they are going to test, where they are going to give about 500 migrants, these credit cards, basically, to buy food and babies' needs. But a lot of people are so concerned that this is open to fraud.Just a lot of problems in New York City. Even the mayor is admitting it's gotten out of control. Everybody has stretched thin. Even some of the charitable organizations that have been trying to help some of the migrants realize it's -- there's got to be an end game here. It just can't continue this way.And we address all these issues in the "SANCTUARY TRAP", which is now streaming on Fox Nation. And it's endless. It's endless. I think a lot of the migrant crime was going on in the shelters, and they were keeping a very quiet from the press. But now, that it's spilled onto the streets, and we see it a lot; Time Square, wherever. They can avoid it.BAIER: Yes.SCOTTO: They have to talk about it.BAIER: Rosanna Scotto, again, "SANCTUARY TRAP", streaming now on Fox Nation, Rosanna, thanks so much.SCOTTO: Thank you, Bret.BAIER: Up next, we take a look at the possible impact of third parties of the fall election. And we'll hear from one of the candidates who could cause some problems for the leaders of the two big parties, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to a SPECIAL REPORT.Despite President Biden and former President Trump, leading their party's primary race. The two front runners are struggling in the popularity contest.When you look at approval polls, this is the Quinnipiac University poll, both are underwater when it comes to favorability. That could allow potentially a third-party candidate to shake things up in November.Now, if we look at the last five presidential elections, the third party vote has hovered anywhere between one and two percent. The exception, though, 2016. Look at that. That was 6.1 percent back then. Now, if you look back at the outlier year of 2016, several battleground states saw a third party vote share of four percent or higher. Now, that's significant because a lot of these states were very close. A lot of those votes went to Libertarian Gary Johnson, Green Party candidate Jill Stein or independent Evan McMullin.Four years later, this is 2020. Third party vote share dropped in the 2020 election, including in all of those battleground states. But take a quick look at this. Here we have Wisconsin, third party vote, 1.7 percent. Biden wins Wisconsin by 0.7 percent. Significant, if you think about it.Now, if we look at Michigan, our FOX News poll has former President Trump leading President Biden by two points in a head-to-head matchup. But if you then add a five-way race, the former president's lead jumps to five points. Independent Robert F. Kennedy Jr. collects 11 percent. It's the same story, actually, in North Carolina. President Biden trails by five points head-to- head. But then you add in and expand the field, Trump's lead opens up to nine points.So why the shift? Well, some Democrats fear third party candidates might be drawing support from President Biden, especially among independents, and that is backed up in the polls. The largest political group in the U.S., that's independents, a Gallup poll reveals 43 percent of adults identify as independent in 2023, tying the record high from 2014. Marquette poll breaks it out this way. In a five vote, third party candidates better with independents. Check this out. You have Robert F. Kennedy Jr. grabbing 29 percent of the vote of independents. Cornel West and Jill Stein combine to get another 17 percent. The fall campaign could be upended by one of these longshot challengers, aiming to peel off some of the key voters.So let's take a look at that. Here is correspondent Mark Meredith.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. says voters are fed up with America's two party system and embracing outside candidates like himself.ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR., (D) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: There's a lot worse things than dying, and one of those is being a slave.(APPLAUSE)MEREDITH: Today, a Kennedy aligned super PAC announced it has collected enough signatures to qualify the 70-year-old on the ballot in battleground states Georgia and Arizona. If approved by state election officials, Kennedy may soon be on the ballot in at least five states and potentially dozens more later.But Democrats appear concerned. The DNC filing a complaint with the Federal Election Commission accusing Kennedy of working hand in hand with the PAC boosting his campaign.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That is federal law that they have chosen to ignore.MEREDITH: Kennedy's campaign calls it, quote, "a nonissue." It's unclear if the FEC will act.The feud comes amid concerns third party candidates may impact both major parties' strategies, especially in battleground states like Wisconsin, Arizona, and Georgia, where the 2020 race was decided by less than a percentage point. Cornel West, who left the Green Party last year is now running as an independent, says he's ready to compete.CORNEL WEST, (I) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're going to shake up the world. Michigan, Arizona, we're going to try to get on the state in Texas and California.NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Good looking crowd!MEREDITH: Nikki Haley, who is still seeking the Republican Party's nomination, says she is not interested in the group No Labels' efforts to recruit her as a unity candidate for November.HALEY: I have not spoken with anyone about anything other than running as a Republican. I have not talked to anyone. I have not put time into that.(END VIDEO TAPE)MEREDITH: No Labels says by late March it hopes to make a decision on whether it is going to launch a ticket for November or not. The group says it's actively talking to multiple presidential candidates, and No Labels says, Bret, it's already qualified on 16 states' ballots. But they're also not talking names yet, so we don't know who they may run.BAIER: Yes. It could make a difference, though. Mark, thanks.Little known Republican presidential candidate Ryan Binkley dropped out of the race. We talked to him in New Hampshire. The Texas pastor and businessman immediately endorsed former President Donald Trump. Binkley announced his bid in April of last year.Up next, the Pentagon takes a new look at its approach to war. We'll tell you how and why.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 2 in San Francisco as Macy's will close 150 stores nationwide in the next two years, including San Francisco's flagship Union Square store. Mayor London Breed of San Francisco says the Union Square facility will be shuttered in the second phase of closures. She says the store will remain open and employees will still have jobs until then.FOX 5 in New York as two men are convicted of murder in the 2002 death of Run-DMC star Jam Master Jay. The pair were found guilty of killing the pioneering D.J. over what prosecutors characterized as revenge for a failed drug deal.And this is a live look at Boston from WFXT, our affiliate there. One of the big stories there tonight, a Massachusetts woman says she plans to buy a new SUV after she recently became the first person to win a $1 million prize on the state's new $50 instant game ticket. Christine Wilson of Mansfield opted for the cash option on her prize, received a one-time payment of $650,000. Always go for the cash option.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: A moon lander that ended up on its side is managing to beam back additional pictures with only hours remaining before its power dies. The spacecraft built by a Texas company landed Friday, becoming the first U.S. lunar vehicle since 1972. But it failed to land upright, hampering communication and power generation.The U.S. Army is slashing the size of its force by about 24,000 personnel. That's almost five percent. The service is struggling with recruiting shortfalls. The cuts will mainly be in already empty posts, not actual soldiers. That includes jobs related to counterinsurgency that swelled during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars but are not needed as much today. About 3,000 cuts would come from Army special operations forces.Autonomous weapons, drones, and counter-drone technology as well as electronic warfare and A.I. have transformed the battlefield for any future wars. Some of the lessons in technology being used on Ukraine's battlefield are now needed to protect U.S. troops in the Middle East. Here is chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: On Ukraine's frontlines, innovative hunter-killer drone units like these are taking off the shelf technology to target and kill Russian troops.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: These are the drones where the operator wears goggles and then flies them like a kamikaze into the target. So the unarmed drone would first find it, and then they would send up the fast racer to go and actually strike it.GRIFFIN: The Pentagon is taking notice.GEN. JAMES HECKER, U.S. AIR FORCES EUROPE-AFRICA COMMANDER: We learned when somebody's back is up against the wall they come up with a lot of creative solutions. And if they don't have a lot of money, like Ukraine doesn't, they can figure it out.GRIFFIN: Ukraine's army repurposed an American Patriot missile battery, typically a defensive weapon, to bring down five Russian warplanes last may according to U.S. and Ukrainian officials. U.S. Army Chief General Randy George recently visited the Army's premier training facility at Fort Johnson, Louisiana, where U.S. troops are already applying lessons from Ukraine. American soldiers are learning to protect their digital footprint, their iPhones which can give away their locations and get them killed, while also figuring out how to defend themselves from drone attacks like those U.S. troops are facing in Iraq and Syria.In Ukraine, small, off-the-shelf quad copter drones have transformed the battlefield, locating targets for larger conventional weapons like artillery. General James Hecker, who oversees all U.S. air forces in Europe, says the lessons from Ukraine are helping the U.S. military prepare for the pacific.HECKER: We need to think about that to protect ourselves against that threat that's going to come in swarms. What the Houthis did, what Russia is doing is nothing compared to what we're going to see.(END VIDEO TAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): The new supplemental funding bill awaiting a vote in Congress has $560 million allocated for counter drone technology for the U.S. military based on what the Pentagon has learned from Ukraine. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thanks.Up next, the panel on President Biden, congressional leaders, and the border crisis.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Germany and Poland say they will not be sending troops to Ukraine. The head of NATO also says the alliance has no plans to send personnel there. This comes after other central European leaders confirmed that they, too, would not be providing soldiers. However, French President Emmanuel Macron hinted it could happen. The war has just entered its third year.Thousands of farmers march in Poland's capital to protest European Union agricultural policies and imports of cheap food from neighboring Ukraine. The demonstration joins weeks of similar protests across Europe. Protesters say they want the Polish government to withdraw from the E.U. green deal, a plan meant to fight climate change and help the environment with measures, they say, are just too costly.And this is a live look at Japan. One of the big stories there tonight, Meta platform's chief executive Mark Zuckerberg discusses artificial intelligence issues with Japan's prime minister. Zuckerberg said the conversation was productive. He is on a tour of Asian countries to discuss technological developments.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We've got a lot of work to do. We've got to figure out how we are going to keep funding the government and Ukraine. I think the need is urgent.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: We must take care of America's needs first. When you talk about America's needs, you have to talk first about our open border.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: I think Speaker Johnson, on the one hand, is in a very difficult position. He said he wants to come up with a way to fund Ukraine. He's got it difficult in his caucus.If Ukraine gets the aid, they will win. If they don't get the aid, they will lose.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: A big meeting at the White House today. You saw a picture of it there. There's been a lot of writeups about it. "Biden, Republican Johnson hold intense Ukraine talks at White House. President Biden and top Democrats and Republicans in Congress on Tuesday made progress toward avoiding a partial government shutdown at the end of the week, but have not cut a deal on paying for weapons for Ukraine's battle against Russia."With that, let's bring in our panel, Charles Hurt, opinion editor for "The Washington Times," Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, and "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers. Francesca, you were there today. A lot of talk about that meeting at the White House. Any sense that there's movement here?FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": So, when leaders say that it was productive coming out, that mostly applied to a potential government shutdown. I'm told that, generally speaking, they feel that they are getting closer to a deal on that partial shutdown. But look, if there is not an agreement tonight, given the 72-hour rule that Republicans in the House have, there could be a partial shutdown over the weekend. And so they are hustling to try to get something done.But when it comes to the border, basically nothing was agreed to. They're still pretty far apart on that. And that Ukraine talks were basically in the same place as well.BAIER: Yes. And Guy, when it comes to the border, you've got the president and the former president heading down Thursday for this split screen event, if you will, two different places along the border. But we have seen a change in how the country looks at this issue. Gallup now has immigration as the topmost important issue for folks in the U.S. across the board, depending on the party. You also look at critical threat, it's now 55 percent of America thinks illegal immigration is a critical threat. And then you break it down by region, and actually the east coast has the biggest in this concern. And that has shifted over years. Gallup is saying this is a massive shift in how people look at immigration.GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, part of the border cris has been imported to the east coast from the Texas governor. So, that's been, I think, a political ploy that's worked rather well.Isn't it fascinating, Bret, that here in this election year, with the polls doing what they are doing, the White House has decided that the president will deign to go down to the border, something he had never done in his political career 50 years until, what was it, two years ago. My question about this visit is, what's the point of it? Last time he was down there, he didn't even see a migrant. They cleaned it up so much, like Chairman Xi in San Francisco, the president did not see one of the millions of migrants who have been crossing on his watch.Will that change this time? My suspicion is they are going to send him down there. He's going to announce some executive action, which he just told us he couldn't do. Now he is going to do some of it. He will blame Republicans for the failure of the bill, and then jet home. That's my guest, cynical, but I think correct.BAIER: So how does the politics fall? Because Democrats think they really have a cudgel here in this Senate bill that is not getting passed in the House, and saying we're doing it. We -- it's the strongest we could ever could. But you're not doing anything, Republicans. How does that play?CHARLES HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think that it's going to work in the long haul. Obviously, they've got to grasp at straws and do what they can. But the problem that they face is, one is that the House offered a bill that would basically restore all of the executive actions that President Trump took that actually worked in recent times to fix the problem. That's the first problem.The second problem is, and this is the greater problem. You have an entire campaign season that is going to -- there are miles and miles of videotape and audiotape of Democrats proclaiming their position as being open borders, as being in favor of giving free healthcare to illegal aliens. All of the Democrats running in 2020 advocated for free healthcare for illegal aliens. That is like a giant welcome sign for illegals to come into the country.And then all of their embrace of sanctuary cities, Joe Biden talking about how he would not deport a single alien in his first year in office, and even then he wouldn't do it unless they committed a serious felony, and I don't include drunk driving as a serious felony -- all of this tape is going to be played between now and Election Day. And I don't know how Democrats get that off of them. They can try to blame Republicans. I don't think it's going to work. And it's especially not going to work trying to blame Donald Trump for it.BAIER: The president on Seth Meyers. And in this interview, a couple of different topics. One of the interviews he chose to do recently, which we ask, by the way, every week.(LAUGHTER)HURT: You should have offered ice cream.BAIER: Maybe ice cream. Here you go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SETH MEYERS, LATE NIGHT TALK SHOW HOST: You are currently 81 years old.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Who the hell told you that?(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: That's classified.MEYERS: That's classified. All jokes aside, according to recent polling, this is a real concern for American voters. How do you address that concern going forward as you come up to the 2024 election?BIDEN: Well, a couple things. Number one, you've got to take a look at the other guy. He's about as old as I am, but he can't remember his wife's name.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: It's about how old your ideas are. Look, I mean, this is a guy who wants to take us back.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, just to clarify, I think is he referring to the CPAC speech in which the president mentioned Melania Trump the first lady, former President Trump mentioned Melania Trump, and he got a standing ovation. And take a listen. He turns and says Mercedes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: My wife, our great first lady. She was a great -- people love her.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: People love her. Oh, look at that wow. Mercedes, that's pretty good.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: He wasn't saying Mercedes instead of Melania. Mercedes Schlapp is the wife of Matt Schlapp who runs CPAC, and she was on the stage. So there was all this coverage of this. And then the president to mention it on Seth Meyers is really something."The New York Post," Francesca, "Former Obama aides sound alarm over "frail" and "mumbly" Biden, warn his age as a very real issue. I'm sure that going out there means more missteps, more gaffes that start circuiting. But if you don't view Biden being out there as a net positive, then the argument he shouldn't be running is right. Meanwhile, former Obama senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer dressed his own concerns in a separated interview. It is a very real issue."Clearly the White House sees this, or the campaign sees this. And the question is how they are going to deal with it.CHAMBERS: So he has been trying to use humor, as you just saw there, to address the issue. And they have gotten more aggressive about pointing out Trump's gaffes and missteps.BAIER: And screwed up that one.CHAMBERS: -- especially on social media, especially on social media to say, look, he has got all these issues as well.But what I keep hearing from voters on the campaign trail consistently is that they are concerned about Joe Biden's age. But they are also concerned about Donald Trump's age as well. And so many voters are saying they wish they had another choice in this election. You talked about this earlier in the show, that they are thinking about either staying home or potentially voting third party as a result of that. And so certainly it's an issue for both candidates in the election.BAIER: Guy?BENSON: Well, Gavin Newsom, the governor of California, just told us that Joe Biden is putting on a master class for the presidency, and that he is a gift to American voters, just to have the opportunity to have four more years of him. That's, I guess, the best they can do over there to put on a brave face, sprinkle in some humor. Biden did remember that line for Seth drake-Myers, so I guess that's a positive even though it was inaccurate, to Bret's point.There is no getting around the problem, right? You can spin policy failures. You can spin communications failures. You can't spin the glaring problem of Joe Biden that came out in that special counsel report confirming what we all see all the time.BAIER: And the problem for the campaign obviously is that it doesn't get better.HURT: Exactly.BAIER: It doesn't improve.HURT: Exactly. This is only going in one direction. It's not going to get any better. In a lot of ways, I think actually I think a lot of the Democrat sort of apparatchiks would rather talk about his age than defend his policies, quite frankly, because the policies are sort of indefensible when you see what is going on in the country.BAIER: We'll see. We'll see how the economy looks by the time we get to the general election.Panel, thanks.OK, it's time for "Tuesday X-tras." First up, Sarah asks, "Do you think Nikki Haley will win any of the remaining primaries? If so, which ones and why?" That's a great question, one that I asked her directly. She couldn't say which state. And if you look at the polls, she is upside down in pretty much every state on Super Tuesday, 16 states.Anthony Samuel writes, "There has been little news come out of Saudi Arabia about Gaza and the war overall. Do you see Israel and Saudi Arabia in conversations once the war ends?" Believe it or not, their silences says something, and I do think that that's possible, but it depends on how long this goes and how it ends.Finally, Fun Guy -- is he a fun guy? I don't know. But he writes, "Should presidential debates be concluded before states can start early voting?" This is a great, great question, because people voting, debates matter. We just don't know if there are going to be debates yet. But I agree with you, before voting starts would be a nice thing.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, Hunter Biden testifies behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. We'll be in front of the doors, but we'll cover it.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.