CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you both very very much, appreciate it. And folks at home, I appreciate you as well.By the way, catch me on "MAKING MONEY" weekdays, that's 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Fox Business. The market has been rocketing. It's a new time -- new highs, but there still may be time and meanwhile, I leave you in the capable hands of THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everybody, I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Sandra Smith and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Shocking new details in the brutal slaying of the Georgia nursing student Laken Riley at the hands of a criminal illegal immigrant. The liberal media is trying to blame everything but Joe Biden's open borders and sanity for what happened. The 22-year-old had gone out for a run, but never returned. Autopsy results show her cause of death, blunt force trauma to the head. Cops charging their prime suspect for the murder, a 26-year-old Venezuelan national named Jose Antonio Ibarra. He's among the millions who the president let enter our country through the southern border back in 2022. Ibarra had been living in New York City for over a year.In September, he was arrested and charged with child endangerment. But cops cut him loose before ICE could issue a detainer and that's when he headed south.Georgia Governor Brian Kemp Says Joe Biden has blood on his hands.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. BRIAN KEMP (R-GA): Because the American people know exactly what happened. The southern border was open. You've had people like Greg Abbott that had to take the situation into their own hands. And thankfully he has.You can see how to secure the border. This president and this, you know, so-called czar of the border vice president did not do that. And they were hoping that American people we're going to ignore this issue and now we have a dead young woman because of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And the Associated Press is doing everything they can to avoid mentioning that the suspect is illegal. Referring to him as an Athens resident, and focusing their headlines on the dangers of women jogging alone.Check out this ridiculous framing, you ready? "The killing of a nursing student out for a run highlights the fears of solo female athletes."Sandra Smith, you are a jogger?SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, we have a race still coming, don't we?WATTERS: No, I'm hurt. But I mean, this is not what this story highlights, is it?SMITH: That headline infuriates me as a runner. Judge, you know I love to run and is the message now that because we've let illegal immigrants, some of which are, you know, part of these heinous crimes, including this one, where this man killed a 22-year-old college student that now college students, young women all around the country, we're supposed to just -- we're supposed to change our activities. We're supposed to change our lives. We're supposed to adapt to this new normal that is men coming into this country and violently killing college students who feel like they're safe on their campus.You know what I did Jesse? Preparing for that interview with Governor Kemp out of Georgia earlier today on "AMERICA REPORTS". I went and pulled sound from Kamala Harris September 2022. Remember, this would have been when that man was walking over our border.OK. Kamala Harris, the border is secure, that's September 2022. KJP, the border is not open. In a hearing on the same date, Secretary Mayorkas was asked, is the border secure? Yes.So, not only were they ignoring the crisis, then downplaying playing it. Now, only to get involved when it's become a crisis and a campaign issue for the president's reelection bid.I mean, people are over the -- you've saw the Fox News voter analysis out of South Carolina, it's about immigration. I mean, double digits more than the economy.I mean, you've got more Americans all over this country, far from the border, who is saying this is the most pressing issue facing our country today. And parents are terrified that this is coming to a college campus near their son or daughter. It's terrifying.WATTERS: And Judge, they had this guy not only at the border, but in New York.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes, they had this guy and the amazing thing is what Sandra is talking about isn't September 22. I think it was Karine Jean-Pierre who said the president has taken unprecedented actions to make sure that our border is secure. I mean, it's a lie. I'll go farther than anyone else on -- further I should say, than anyone else. It's a lie.You know, the amazing part of this is that liberals, they end up demanding gun control after a shooting but they never demand border control after things like this happened to young women like that, Mollie Tibbetts, all the Angel Moms across America whose children's lives have been taken by people who shouldn't be here.And you know, it's not that difficult to recognize in a lot of these cases that some of these defendants have tats or tattoos that indicate their MS- 13, that they shouldn't be allowed in this country.But in the end, the White House doesn't care about it. Where's Joe Biden talking about this? He's not saying one word, George Floyd dies. And there was something like I think 27 or 28 texts out of -- out of the White House, but not for this.And in the end, we have subjected ourselves to becoming victims because we have fewer police. We have fewer Border Patrol. We don't have a president who cares about us. It's only a few weeks before the State of the Union, I guarantee he's going to say, I'm going to -- I'm going to do something with an executive action. And I'm going to defend Americans because the Republicans won't, which is such hogwash.You've referred to that section, I think it's 212 out of Title 8, which allows the president at any point that he deems necessary to suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens, he could do that.And the truth is that this immigration bill that they're going to reference, I'm sick of hearing about it. It allowed 5,000 in, it didn't do any Interpol check. It didn't do any FBI checks. It didn't have anything to do with people in the other country.And the outline process for handling migrants at the border is something that this president doesn't care about. And we're becoming victims.Mayor Adams can talk about sanctuary cities till the cows come into the city, which is never, but he doesn't even know how to change New York from being a sanctuary city. He hasn't even investigated it.And the fact that ICE is not allowed to lodge a detainer that will be respected with the police department is again subjecting American citizens to illegalities.WATTERS: Is this one of the stories, Harold, that's really a turning point in this country?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: My heart goes out to that family suffering with this. We've been talking about her as the University of Georgia. So, I think she's at a -- was at a different college and jogging on the campus, which is irrelevant to the story. But just to get that facts straight. My prayers go out to her family.We have police officers here in New York who have been shot at by migrants, who've been injured by migrants. These stories unfortunately are rampant.I think two things, I can -- we all deal in the solutions business and I try my hardest to stay anchored there. President Biden should do some of the things that have been talked about around the table, he should suspend -- should suspend some class of people being able to come into the country for two weeks. He should call back the Democrat Republican leaders of the House and the Senate and said, we're not leaving the White House, until we get a deal to make our border safer.I don't believe that the president alone can do all of the things that need to be done at the border. Otherwise, Senator Lankford and Republicans in the Senate and Democrats who were working furiously on a bill would not have been doing it if the president alone could do this. It's a strengthen effort if we're able to do it with the Congress, meaning the House and Senate passing something.You guys are adults, men and women, get back to Washington, let this be the catalyst that you suggest. Jesse, all that we're seeing these things happen around the country, unfortunately, and tragically, and don't come out of the White House, everyone check their phones, so they can't be communicated to by anybody outside of there and say that we will all take credit and if need be give credit to President Trump, if that's what he wants, but we need a new border security -- a new set of border security measures.Otherwise, we're going to have more in more and more of these stories tragically.And Sandra, to your point, we shouldn't be -- I agree with you 100 percent about the headline. But if we want to solve this or at least begin to solve it, let's stop trying to take credit, stop dishing out blame and let's get a solution to this problem which is readily I believe, attainable and achievable.WATTERS: One of the ways that makes it harder for people to get a solution is the media for frames this as a jogging scandal, Greg.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: As if she died from a stress fracture or plantar fasciitis. Imagine if you had said that George Floyd died from fentanyl, a fentanyl overdose which people said, there was a media outcry. Now we're finding out, well, that definitely played a role.But the fact is, this woman matters less in a woke world that George Floyd and where the proceeds where the accused killer is also a member of the oppressed. So, you have to -- you have to obliterate the truth. That's what the media did, because they didn't like the narrative. So they had to keep the real story hidden.Because if there is justice in this world, this story would end this administration. This is the turning point. This is the story that says, well, I think the science is settled, to quote the Democrats on climate. The scientists said, a border matters.And guess what? They sent some bad hombres, they didn't send their best. Thanks for the memories. Talking heads love to say, continuing to do the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result is the definition of insanity.No, it's doing the same thing over and over again. And claiming a different result is the definition of intentionality.The argument isn't this ping pong the border is broken. No, it's not. That's for morons at Axios. We're way beyond that. The real argument is, if there are consistent horrible outcomes from a system that you have claimed worked, we have to assume it becomes an accepted byproduct to an intentional design.So, it's no longer like, we think it's fine, we don't think it's fine. The Dems have to talk their way out of this one. When you look at the observable -- the observable outcomes, human trafficking is an observable outcome, rapid gang violence, observable outcome, hordes of young men streaming across the border, these are all observable outcomes.And yet, as they happened, they kept happening. So, if you just are watching it happen, all you can come to this conclusion is, it's happening for a reason. Why is it? Why didn't it stop?And we could talk about this bill, but the fact is, we could have stopped it the moment he got rid of Remain in Mexico, that was when it started. It's on him on that. But doesn't matter when you say that, because there's something else going on here that, you know, despite our protests about whether it is crime, or riots and looting or illegal immigration, they tend to continue no matter what, which makes me think that design is intentional.FORD JR.: So, don't -- I agree with you, but shouldn't they come together to try to solve it?GUTFELD: I think -- I think that there have been people screaming for it. And I think all it takes is a signature and I won't crow about it. I'll just go great job. You know, but --PIRRO: Biden got rid of 94 executive orders and a lot of them would have prevented this.WATTERS: Yes, that signature might have to come in about nine months.FORD JR.: I'll take the signature now.WATTERS: Coming up. Gavin Newsom is giving Democrats a master class on how to suck up to Joe Biden.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: California's grease ball gov, giving Democrats a master class in the art of sucking up. Gavin Newsom, vigorously defending President Biden's fitness for office after getting asked if he was responsible to put Joe forward as the Democratic candidate.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): What he's done in three years has been a master class. As a Democrat, what a gift it is for me to make the case for the leader of our party, Joe Biden.I have great confidence moving forward. So, the answer is, absolutely. All in in terms of the next four years, Joe Biden.I've seen him up close. I've seen him from afar. But here's my point. It's because of his age that he's been so successful.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: There's a spin. And while Newsom tries to reassure America that Joe's brain isn't Silly Putty, President Biden undermines it by opening his mouth who can forget when Abraham Lincoln said this?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He said, and I want to make sure I get the quote exactly right. He said, we -- the better angels. He said, we must address the counsel, and just to the better angels of our nature. And we do the -- and we do well to remember what else he said. He said, we're not enemies, but we're friends. This in the middle of -- this is in the part of the Civil War.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yes, forget about the better angels, get the visiting angels. But Congressman Jim Clyburn is dismissing any senile moments like that as just the Joe Biden we all know and love.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMES CLYBURN (D-SC): If Joe Biden commits a gaffe, a guy who stuttered all of his childhood into his adulthood, and everybody know his startling, is what caused a lot of his speech impediment. And we know that, it has nothing to do with his brain. He stumbles one time and everybody says he's too old to be president.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yes, OK. Jesse a master class in what exactly, not wandering into traffic?WATTERS: Yes. So by -- I think Newsom has three doors he can go into. One door is Trump wins, and then Biden -- and then Gavin Newsom runs for the open Democrat primary. Trump loses, in four years, Gavin runs in an open Democratic primary.Both of those are good scenarios because he won't in four years have to face Trump. And he'll be able to dispatch of Kamala pretty sportingly.What he doesn't want to do is get drafted into being the savior of the Democratic Party in case Biden falls on his face. Then he'll have to come in, he'll have to face Trump this year. And they'll have to face Kamala's problems because it'll be a problem.So, he has to be a good sport. And sometimes being a good sport, you come across as a little obsequious.GUTFELD: Good word.WATTERS: Shining the shoes of the president, because you don't want to do anything that weakens the president, or opens yourself up to, yes, let's play the old switcheroo with the convention. So, he's playing the long game.Now, the other surrogate Clyburn, first day said, Joe Biden was like FDR because of his policies. Now comparing him because FDR was also in a wheelchair. I don't think that's the road you want to go down.GUTFELD: How convincing was he, Judge?PIRRO: Well, you know, I still haven't figured out why Gavin Newsom decided he wanted to be the point person for Joe Biden. And I think it's fascinating, you know, there's something in this for him. I mean, obviously, he gets himself in front of the public.But you know, he thinks he actually said he thinks that Biden should debate Trump. So, if Biden debates Trump, it's a win-win. It's a win if Biden wins, which I don't know it's possible.But let's say Biden wins, it's a win for Newsom. And if Biden loses, then Newsom is up for the -- for the job. And so either way, he can say all these wonderful things about Biden, and he wins. I mean, his eyes is on the prize, and he's got such an ego, and he's able to deliver lines that are so untrue, it just blows my mind.And Joe Biden says, you know, he used to be a stutterer OK, used to be a stutterer. What's that got to do with what he just said now? He can't even read the piece of paper that's in front of him.And you know, he's done master classes of what he's done -- what he's done. He's raised -- gas prices are up, food prices are up, fentanyl deaths are up, illegal immigration is up, credit card debt is up. Yes, that's a master class in how to lose an election.GUTFELD: Yes, you know, Sandra, Newsom repeats the lie that Biden created jobs. But he doesn't tell you who's getting the jobs, which goes back to the a block, why are they allowing the system continue, compared to 2019 all employment growth went to the foreign born. That's from the Center for Immigration Studies. I didn't just make it up.SMITH: It also ignores the American worker who's taking on a second or third job just to pay for the sky high prices and still high inflation. Even though Gavin Newsom is talking about the cooling inflation, prices are still up, the rate of growth is slowing.I revere his records as Gavin Newsom cut the tape and play that back to the nine out of 10 Republican voters in South Carolina who said that they feel like they're holding steady or falling behind.And so, if this is a record of you know, one of the strongest economies ever that Gavin Newsom is touting, people certainly are not feeling this.Two, Rep. Clyburn on Biden's gaffes because of his stutter. I don't think the stutter led to a mistaking Egypt for Mexico or confusing world leaders with their long dead predecessors, forgetting the name of Hamas, tripping on the steps up Air Force One. These are the things the American public have seen, and they can differentiate from a stutter.GUTFELD: You know, Harold in the greenroom, your honesty was blunt. You said, look, Greg, we showed you with Fetterman that it doesn't matter how significantly unwell our candidate is, we just need him to cross the line, finish line, even if we have to carry him across. And that's what we're going to do with Jim.And then, you hit me, Harold, it was totally unnecessary.FORD JR.: Again, we got to go to the tapes. You have been -- you've been a supporter and indicated on John Fetterman. You might have had it wrong when you talked about how there's a need not to judge people so quickly. And I - - we -- our prayers, I know they all go out there. I'd say two things.One, Gavin Newsom medicine is an effective advocate for and surrogate for President Biden, he'd be one for anybody. He's smart, he's youthful. He understands the facts in many ways. And he's able to compile and articulate these things that that may come -- which make him an effective advocate for the president.Think about this. There's been record job growth, which you can quarrel over how you want to talk but there's been record investment in the U.S. to be able to innovate more, build more, manufacture more, create things more here at home way before you look at what we were like before COVID, we're in a much better position.This administration is standing up for women and for families who want the freedom to be able to save when their families can start and how they want their families to start and even grow.And finally, you know, the President Trump, I thought he was right. And some of my Democratic friends would say that's not right to say just because the stock market is doing well that the economy is doing well. Well, the Dow, the S&P and NASDAQ are all much, much higher than they were when president -- when President Biden started office. And in fact, the Dow and the S&P have finished in record territory over the last week, week and a half.SMITH: (INAUDIBLE) for inflation, but details.FORD JR.: OK, well, so if you're invested in the market, you are much richer today than you were three years ago. And we can -- we can -- we can adjust for anything you want. But I can assure you anyone that is -- and most Americans are because they have 401(k)s we've all covered in our networks, how your 401(k)is may be up, but hold on to it because you don't know what's going to happen.The reality is the economy is doing better. And here's the person that does it the best for President Biden, it's Gavin Newsom. Now I've heard President Trump last night or a few nights ago in South Carolina, congratulations again to President Trump, he talked about some of his surrogates, Senator Graham and Senator Scott, even Matt Gaetz and Marjorie Taylor Greene, the people have every right to go ahead, whatever advocate and for that matter, whatever surrogate they want.And I must tell you, if you rank them all right now, I don't think there's a better surrogate for either candidate than Gavin Newsom.PIRRO: OK.SMITH: OK.GUTFELD: Coming up.FORD JR.: Right now there's not a better one.GUTFELD: Hunter Biden will just say no to help reelect Joe.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: Hunter Biden raising the stakes on his addiction, the first son now says that he sees his sobriety as the key to keeping Donald Trump from winning the White House again. Here's what he told Axios, "I often do think of the profound consequences of failure here, I have something much bigger than even myself at stake. We are in the middle of a fight for the future of democracy."The liberal media praising Hunter's noble efforts to defeat Trump as a relapse would be very bad for the Biden campaign.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEX THOMPSON, AXIOS POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT: I think it would give anyone pause because I think he is very concerned about his dad's political future. And that's really the reason why we didn't hear much from Hunter Biden the first few years from something that Eugene (PH) wrote about, which is -- and really Hunter essentially changed strategy when he hired Abbe Lowell. And he really changed strategy after the plea deal unraveled last July and basically said that this is now a political fight.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: This seems like, I don't know, probably the right step, right? Stay sober so dad can win the presidency again, right, Jesse?WATTERS: Well, I mean he's already relapsed. That wasn't Joe's cocaine in the White House they found. It's P.R. Trump has to be defeated I'll be back on crack. Come on. Hunter Biden is a guy who was born on third base. Not only does he think he hit a triple, he thinks he's the victim of Republicans, of Russians, of addiction.Remember, Sandra, this is a 50-year-old man for eight years raided his children's 529s, sex trafficked, hit the pipe, took videos of sex acts, posted them on the Internet, dodged the IRS, took bribes and diamonds from the Chinese laundered money. Come on. And now he's saying he's not responsible for his actions.But I mean, this is what the left says. The left says everyone is a victim. No one is responsible for their actions. It's the system that's unfair. And if you put Democrats in charge of the system, they'll make everything OK. You have to suffer consequences for your actions. And if you don't, the entire country is harmed.SMITH: Judge, then again, a slip by Hunter would weigh heavily on his dad's reelection bid.PIRRO: Well, I think Hunter knows that. I think that he understands his being sober has some relevance. It will have some relevance. He doesn't want to, you know, harm his father's brand. That's number one. But more importantly, he needs his father to win because he doesn't want any pesky attorney general from the Department of Justice kind of looking at where are all this foreign money has come from and what it was being used for.And you know, he blows away his own defense all the time. He says -- you know, he confirms that he's been sober since June of 2019, except that he applied for the pistol permit and lied on it in 2018. So, you know, there isn't much that this guy does that isn't contradicted by the facts. And it's really -- and it really is irrelevant whether he can fight it or not. The truth is he lied on that one section that said, have you ever been addicted to drugs and he said no. And that's a lie and everybody knows it.Look, he's had a business organization that is based upon access to his father. There are even individuals who are now saying his father considered going on a board of a company that was connected to a Chinese Communist Party. And you know, he's now moving to dismiss the tax charges saying it's a six-year -- get this, it's a six-year record of changing charging decisions where they responded to the Republicans no. It's six years where they ran out the statute of limitations.And then when they got caught with their pants down with a deal that the Department of Justice had never made before ever, a judge called them on it and they had to start all over it. I'm tired of his being a victim because he's -- he is more than that. He is the protagonist.SMITH: Greg, does the future of democracy depend on Hunter Biden staying sober?GUTFELD: God, I hope not. We'll be screwed. I think he's -- he might be more concerned about his future if his dad loses because I -- I'm going to go out on limb and say I don't think he's a great painter, so I don't I think that's where his career is going to go. He is right on one thing. He's no help to anyone when he's using. But he should probably be saying that about his wife and kids as opposed to the country because that's a bit narcissistic, it's a bit egotistical. You know, he you should probably be more concerned about the people that like have relied on you and that who you've betrayed.But let's take him at his word, you know. You know, he says, you know, he's -- we know he's been using for decades, so let's say he quits. Well, his brain is going to change and he thinks that perhaps the surprise -- the sobriety will help him beat Trump. What if when he's sober he realizes in this new reality that his dad shouldn't be president and for his sake in the country, he should not even run. You know, reality takes a different -- takes a different shape when you're sober. Will he be honest about it?SMITH: Harold, I'll ask you a similar question. Is this you know, dependent on the future of democracy him staying sober? And is he perhaps making the case that his struggle is more difficult than others? He's responded to that criticism saying no, but it's undeniable that his recent path to sobriety has been unique.FORD JR.: So, I say a couple things to your question. First, I always think that families and kids, having grown up in politics, should never be a part of the political discussion. If someone breaks the law, that's one thing you treat them. If you want to accuse them of that, it's one thing. But these kinds of things I wish were not in the public vote.Two, I think it's hard. I've never suffered an addiction but I have I know people who have. And if you suffer from an addiction or you suffer with an addiction, any motivation, whatever the drive is for you to gain recovery, I support it as long as it's not illegal. Some may quarrel with the motivation and some may quarrel that he shouldn't be using this, that the fight -- that the plight of democracy is dependent upon him staying sober, but whatever it is it appears to be working.He appears to be staying away from drugs and alcohol. And I hope he's able to repair the fissures in his family. I hope he's able to bring them all back together. And at the end of the day, I wish him nothing but the best. And if it takes him saying the plight of democracy will help -- is what I need to do to help stay clean, God bless him. I wish him the best.PIRRO: Did they ever figure out whose cocaine it was in the White House on that plastic bag?FORD JR.: I hope it wasn't his. And they never answer your questions. I don't think so.SMITH: All right, Judge is skeptical. All right, just ahead, a cancel culture comeback. Anti-woke comedian Shane Gillis returns to host SNL after they fired him.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Is Saturday Night Live going anti-woke? The far-left show bringing back comedian Shane Gillis to host over the weekend after the show fired the comic back in 2019 for offensive jokes. Shane earning praise from Conservatives for actually being funny and for pulling no punches in his opening monologue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHANE GILLIS, COMEDIAN: No, I this is -- I probably shouldn't be up here, honestly. I should be home. I should be -- I should be a high school football coach. That's what I should be. Every little boy is just their mom's gay best friend. There's literally zero difference. I was gay for my mom. She would pick me up from school. I'd hop in the van. I'd be like girl, tell me about your day.I thought she was cool. I would listen to her music. I'd be like -- let's go, girls. I would dance for it. He would be like, look at my little dancer.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Oh, boy. All right, Greg, does Gillis -- does anti-woke Gillis hosting Saturday Night Live mean that America is ready for funny humor as opposed to politically correct humor?GUTFELD: Well, we're ready but SNL isn't. They cut the best sketch from the show which was the Liberty Mutual Emu sketch where the Emu snorts coke. It was -- you can catch it online. It is -- that is one of the funniest things SNL has ever done and they cut it and left like some really bad skits in.But not only was his monologue funny, honest, and real, it was refreshing for those very same reasons. And it reveals how once you remove the woke filter which is meant to censor even though it's not censoring, it forces you to censor, you remember what humor is like. I'm sure the other cast members were like going, why does he get to do it and not us? It's probably White privilege.But I love how uncomfortable the crowd was. They did -- they weren't sure whether they were supposed to laugh at this or not. You could feel the fear. And my favorite, favorite part is the woman behind him in the band who refused to laugh. It was like she was she was protesting like in a silent vigil. I was waiting for her to glue herself to the piano. but they did -- the entire band was just like this the whole time. They just couldn't be seen to laugh.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, the L.A. Times call Gillis's returned to Saturday Night Live "A dangerous failure to learn from hate movements that blossom during the Trump era."WATTERS: Hate movements, that's a new one. All right, so I thought it was funny. I thought Lorne Michaels probably got caught up in the whole cancel culture hysteria a couple years ago. And the show hasn't been good in a while. And they bring him back and it was funny. I liked what they did with the Trump skit. Did you see the Trump skit?FORD JR.: I don't.WATTERS: So, the Trump skit was funny because instead of acting like he was Hitler, they just made fun of his buffoonish self-confidence. It was so self-confident, it was self-delusional, and it kind of made everybody persuaded. Because if this guy believes it, maybe they should believe it too. And then they had Joe Biden fall in his face. That was refreshing to Greg's point. But it's kind of like an ice plunge, Judge.Now, I did an ice plunge today at 45 degrees for about four and a half minutes.PIRRO: You did?GUTFELD: You did not.PIRRO: When?WATTERS: Fact. Society this morning --SMITH: 45 minutes?WATTERS: -- society has to swim in the taboo and the comedians have to do that just to shock your system once in a while. You get in, shock the system. After the first couple seconds, it feels good and then there's health benefits to that.PIRRO: Where did you do this?WATTERS: In my jacuzzi.PIRRO: Really?GUTFELD: It must be nice.PIRRO: Yes, or ice.WATTERS: You can fill up your bathtub too, Greg. I just called a Jacuzzi.PIRRO: All right, Sandra, if the politically correct cares so much, why don't they simply watch something else like we've been forced to watch politically correct humor for the past few years.SMITH: By the way, it explains the chill I felt when you sat down here, Jesse.WATTERS: We're just not speaking to each other, Sandra.SMITH: You know, I think people are happy to see real comedy back. I mean, we've had to watch Greg every single day. No, I mean that in the best possible way. I mean, that's where you go for honest --GUTFELD: Sandra, it was nice having you on the show.SMITH: I meant that as a complement.GUTFELD: Go back to your afternoon news program that nobody watches.PIRRO: I watch it every day.SMITH: Well-deserved. No, I -- Greg --GUTFELD: I know.SMITH: People watch you for honesty and like that that's the funniest comedy is based in truth. Let's be honest. And we've gotten so far away from that, that there's nothing funny other than Greg Gutfeld out there.GUTFELD: It's too late, Sandra.SMITH: But no, I'm happy to see it back. This -- the over sensitivity was killing us when we really needed to laugh the most.PIRRO: You know, Harold, they made -- Gillis made fun of Biden and Trump but the left isn't happy with that. I mean, he was very balanced. But the left was like no, they didn't go after Trump enough.FORD JR.: I thought he was funny. Many successful comedians are provocative. They have been. Lenny Bruce, George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Dave Chappelle, they all -- they all kind of rub people some the right way, some the wrong way. I think the best comedy makes you laugh, makes you think, you agree with it, you disagree with it. It might even make you feel a little uncomfortable.And we have to remember, they're comedians not politicians. I thought the guy -- you take -- you take -- give people in the most favorable light. And if you don't like the comedy, don't like the humor, switch the channel.PIRRO: Yes, exactly.FORD JR.: It never happens with Greg show. But for those who suffer from this, switch the channel.WATTERS: Or stand there like the lady in the band.GUTFELD: Yes. Sign of protest.PIRRO: All right, up next, the dangers of working from home. A man is facing some serious jail time after overhearing his wife's work calls.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Be careful over what you hear while family members work from home. It may land you in jail. A Texas man allegedly made nearly $2 million from insider trading by snooping on his wife's remote work calls. He apparently overheard his wife who was a former B.P. executive discuss a merger. He then bought nearly 50,000 shares of the acquired company stock ahead of the announcement. Later, he played guilty the inside of trading and now faces to five years in prison.Your honor, well, this is -- this is the law. He clearly broke the law. Is this the right outcome?PIRRO: Oh, for sure. The question is whether or not the wife --FORD JR.: If he broke the law I mean. Right.PIRRO: Yes, yes. Well, look, the husband is listening in on phone calls that he shouldn't be listening to. That's called insider trading, all right. Now, apparently --FORD JR.: I guess he plead guilty so he did it.PIRRO: Apparently, the wife says -- she call -- she tells the company --FORD JR.: She told the company and he told her.PIRRO: Yes, my ex -- my husband has been doing this, and so the company ends up firing her, which is appropriate if you believe that the wife had something to do with it. now, the guy buys almost 50,000 shares. He says he bought it for his wife. He didn't want her to have to work so hard, which is a bunch of nonsense.FORD JR.: She didn't divorced him after this.PIRRO: Well, you -- that's the one thing she's got to do if she wants to save her career. She may not go back to working for BP but she's hoping she's got a career. My instincts, and I've got no specific facts on this, tell me when your husband is making that much money and trading on so many shares, and he gets caught but you tell your boss -- it looks as though she's saying it because they already know about it and she's about to get caught, so she blames him.,FORD JR.: So, Sandra, do you think this was -- she was in on it with the husband like the judge said?SMITH: Well, he sold the shares February 26, 2023. But then the FINRA, the regulatory body came in and said we wanted a list of everybody who is in the know about this acquisition before it happened. So, maybe she didn't notice $2 million going into their bank account over a two week period. Maybe, possibly that's the case. But she -- if she knew about it, she was getting a -- tipped off that something was about to -- they were about to learn of something.I guess there's a whole thing of this pillow talk, you know, securities fraud that's happening. The only thing I disagree with, there's nothing wrong with him knowing that she's working this deal. What's wrong is him trading on it.PIRRO: Well, it's buying it. Of course.FORD JR.: Right. Right. Primetime, what are your thoughts about this? Well, it's legal in Congress if you're Nancy or Paul P.SMITH: That's right.WATTERS: They get away with it, but not in the private sector. I think it's the woman's fault. Hear me out. She was too loud.FORD JR.: In this case? In this case?WATTERS: She was too loud. You know how they are on the phone, Harold?PIRRO: Oh, don't.WATTERS: It's -- and you can't not hear it, all right. So, she just needs to be a little bit more discreet.SMITH: That's it?PIRRO: But he -- didn't she pick up the -- didn't -- they weren't --FORD JR.: Exclamation Point?WATTERS: You talk too loudly, Judge.PIRRO: Yes, so do you.WATTERS: And I talk about you, I mean all women.FORD JR.: What do you think, Greg? How do you -- how do you feel about this situation?GUTFELD: Well, I'm guilty of this myself. My wife is a fashion designer and I found out that pleats are back well before anybody else did. And I use it to my advantage by going down to the Gap. I do have a question for viewers what are eaves and how do you drop them?SMITH: Eaves.WATTERS: Eavesdropping.FORD JR.: Oh, man. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg.GUTFELD: What a show tonight, Monday, 10:00 p.m. Guy Benson, Kennedy, Tyler Fischer, Kat Timpf. Amazing. Let's do this. Gregs What's In The Hole? Time for a new game to guess what's in the hole. Show the video to the panel. All right, there's the hole. What do you think is going to come out of that hole? Judge?PIRRO: A dog.GUTFELD: Harold?FORD JR.: A bird.WATTERS: A baby.SMITH: A rabbit.GUTFELD: OK. Let's show what comes out of the hole.WATTERS: A bear.PIRRO: A bear.FORD JR.: Wow.GUTFELD: Yes, yes. They were thinking about doing a C-section but he was able to squeeze out. But the house -- the house won't be able to keep its figure.SMITH: Oh, my God.GUTFELD: All right.WATTERS: Thanks, Greg.GUTFELD: You're welcome, Jesse.WATTERS: Legendary supermodel Cindy Crawford knows how to handle a puck. Look at this shot from center ice.SMITH: Oh, wow.WATTERS: Boom. There you go. Cindy Crawford. I haven't seen her in a long time.PIRRO: Good for her.SMITH: I love her.GUTFELD: She says hi.WATTERS: Good. Well done. Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Dr Phil will be on "JESSE WATTERS" at 8:00.GUTFELD: There you go.WATTERS: Not physically on me but on my show.PIRRO: Good.FORD JR.: Thank you for that clarification.PIRRO: Glad to hear that. OK, this baby boy is named Luca. Check out Luca's reaction when he hears his dad's thunderous snore for the --SMITH: Oh, my God. Oh, my God.GUTFELD: That's actually --WATTERS: Poor wife.PIRRO: Yes.SMITH: Oh, my gosh.FORD JR.: Judge, it looks like you when I first started talking here on the show.WATTERS: All right, Harold. Jen Pawol, and I hope I'm pronouncing your name correctly, ma'am, became the first woman to umpire a Major League Baseball spring training game in nearly two decades. She graduated from Minor League Baseball's umpire camp in 2016 and became the seventh woman to call a Minor League game. Her cap and mask can be found in the Hall of Fame. She's expected to umpire more games in Florida during spring training. And if she gets the call up to the Major League, she'll be the first woman --SMITH: I love that.WATTERS: -- to be the season's umpire.PIRRO: It's a wonderful story.SMITH: All right, who likes --GUTFELD: Help me.SMITH: Who likes bald eagles? Missouri firefighters saved a trap bald eagle and it wasn't the original goal of their mission. They happened to be in the right place, the right time. They noticed an injured eagle on a different call laying in a ditch. Once they finished with the human emergency, they went back for the eagle, took him back to the firehouse, and they got him into a rehabilitation --GUTFELD: It was the first female bald eagle. And going into the eagle world.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: You go, eagle! That's it for us. Have a great night.