BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: That looms overhead every single day. Good night from Kyiv. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts right now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE, reporting tonight from Houston. A California politician decides to take border enforcement into her own hands, literally. She's here to talk about it. Plus, another bonus round. How many are there with President Trump, and this time he's appearing with someone from his VP shortlist. But first, their money, not yours. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Tiffany's? No, I'm not talking about the luxury brand in the blue box. I'm talking about the mouthy mayor with a big attitude.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: In 2021, she was elected to run Dolton Township just outside of Chicago. But soon enough, Tiffany Henyard, like so many untalented dimwits before her, felt entitled to treat other people's money, the taxpayers, like it was her own. In 2022, when residents figured out what a fraud she was, they voted to recall her, but she didn't care. She refused to leave office. To hell with what the people want.After the recall failed on a technicality in court, Tiffany declared herself as Dolton's forever mayor. After all, she was taught to use her race as a shield and a sword, which she did at a recent township meeting.Now, when you listen to this, I want you to remember this woman takes home nearly a $300,000 a year salary.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TIFFANY HENYARD, MAYOR, DOLTON, ILLINOIS: You all forget I am the leader. They want to hear from the mayor. If you haven't learnt that yet, the mayor, not the trustees that don't do nothing. They only run their mouth. You all don't do no work, no work. Because you all got false narratives out there and you all should be ashamed of yourself, you're black. You're black and you all sitting up here beating and attacking on a black woman that's in power. You all should be ashamed to yourself,(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Classic liberal. You should be ashamed of yourself for even asking her to defend her actions or her spending. She's Tiffany and no one questions Tiffany. After years of blatant corruption, this woman is only now under investigation by the FBI. It's about time and of course, the state AG's office is looking into her charity after long-standing allegations that she built the taxpayers for extravagant first-class travel and hundreds of thousands of dollars in police overtime for her personal security detail.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dolton police officers drove her from morning till night, racking up hundreds of hours of overtime costing taxpayers tens of thousands of dollars.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We needed those officers to be on the street fighting crime.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Officers are being used as Henyard's personal valets.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Officers would be sent out to run errands to do pickups, to do drop offs.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Errands, pickup, well of course, she's Tiffany. And she's accused of going after businesses also that refused to support her campaign and that's just for starters. For a year, she stonewalled requests by board members for her travel and spending records. Again, because she's Tiffany, she's entitled to live large with OPM.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANNY DEVITO, ACTOR: I love money. I love money more than I love the things it can buy. It don't care whether I snore or not. It don't care which God I pray to. There are only three things in this world with that kind of unconditional acceptance, dogs, doughnuts, and money. Only money is better. There's only one thing that I like better, other people's money.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OPM, it's the best kind of money. That's why liberals love big government. They expect you to work to pay for their lifestyle. And when it comes to the flagrant abuse of tax dollars, Tiffany has LaToya to look up to as in Cantrell, the mayor of New Orleans. She's always in some hot water but keeps on swimming anyway. FBI officials are investigating time Cantrell spent with married New Orleans police officer Jeffrey Vappie at a private apartment both on and off the clock.Cantrell even took Vappie, her official security guard prior to his removal to a climate action gathering in Dubai in December, I bet it was hot. Oh, it was all legitimate though again for climate and it only cost $14,000. Total sleaze.Again, these officials have all been schooled in big government liberalism. The government doesn't exist to serve the people in their minds. It exists to serve the politicians and their donors. But of course, as we see with the Biden White House, they will always claim to have the best of intentions. A vote for Biden is a vote to save democracy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I believe 2024 is going to be the most important election we've had since 1864. I mean it. And the reasons are clear, democracy is on the ballot. Freedom is on the ballot.KAMALA HARRIS (D), VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Who sits in the White House matters. It matters. In 2024, Nevada freedom is on the ballot. Freedom is on the ballot and our democracy is on the ballot.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, that's about as believable as Bidenomics is working, the border is secure and of course, I'll respect you in the morning. You weren't protecting democracy or even basic principles of fairness, when you prosecute your chief political rival, or use OPM to dole out political benefits, or as I like to phrase it, stealing. And that's what Joe Biden's college loan forgiveness plan is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Look, early in my term, I announced a major plan to provide millions of working families with debt relief for their college student debt. Tens of millions of people in debt were literally about to be canceled, their debts. But my MAGA Republican friends in the Congress, elected officials and special interests stepped and sue this and the Supreme Court blocked it, blocked it. But that didn't stop me, I announced we're going to pursue alternative paths for student debt relief.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now imagine if Trump said that I'm just going to go around with the courts side to figure technicalities just like dole out money, talk about blowing up the constitution. First, Biden blatantly flout to Supreme Court's ruling, striking down his previous attempt to do this. Second, it rewards bad behavior, failing to repay a loan and punishes good behavior, people who pay their debts. And third, it's a transparent ploy to shore up support that is flagging among younger voters before November.If you're a working person or retired, look, you're more careful with your money, right? Because Bidenomics has already robbed you blind, everything is more expensive, because of his policies, full -- few -- fuel, food, car repairs, air travel appliances, heaven forbid you get behind on your bills, and have to borrow money, because the interest rates are killer. So, maybe you forego big purchases or trips, because you actually have to pay off your debts.And then think of a kid who went to community college, maybe learn to trade paid off his college loans, versus the gender studies major who took out loans to study nonsense. Democrats claim that they want to help the disadvantaged students by doing this. But it's really just a bailout of the elites. And hardworking taxpayers are on the hook for all of this. Because the United States will need to make up for that loss federal revenue in the form of those student loans that won't be paid back. So, it's either spending cuts, or additional borrowing and any interest associated with that new debt.What we're seeing across the board is an effort by liberal Democrats to build a huge money machine to keep themselves in power forever if they could have it. Look at what we've seen in LA and Chicago, and New York for decades. That's how the system works. And the results, as we see them now, are catastrophic for the working class. Again, the people they care about most, but the people whose pockets are being picked right now need to show up at the polls on mass in November, and say, hell no, leave our money alone. And that's the Angle.Joining us now Missouri Senator Eric Schmitt. Senator, prior to joining the Senate, you served as Missouri's Attorney General, and co-filed I know the Biden's student loan lawsuit that he referenced in his comments today. Your response to him tonight? He found other ways around it, Senator.SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): Yes, that's right. I'm the guy, right. We filed that lawsuit. We wanted the Supreme Court, because it was illegal and by the way, save taxpayers a half a trillion dollars with his illegal scheme, but he's back at it. It's a slap in the face to working America, to middle class families, to the people that paid back their student loans, the people who made different life decisions or decided not to take out loans or work their way through college.I mean, it's totally ridiculous and he's added again, and is it a cynical ploy here to try to buy votes. But Laura, I think people are seeing right through this. I think those people he's trying to buy off also understand it's twice as expensive to buy a home now since he took office. It's more expensive to go to the grocery store every week.And then also for every one person like that, there is a 100 people out there and you referenced November and how important it is to vote. There's 100 people out there who see this for what it is, which is total BS. People have had enough of this stuff trying to buy out votes when they've made certain sacrifices. It's an illegal act. But there's no law that this President won't try to bulldoze, he tries to bulldoze the constitution, whether its vaccine mandates --INGRAHAM: Senator.SCHMITT: -- whether it's censorship enterprise, all of it. So, I think people have had enough.INGRAHAM: Well, Senator, a technical question or important question, I should say, is there any way to stop him from doing what he's doing now? Just every so often announcing billions more in, quote, loan forgiveness to obviously try to buy votes before November? Is there anything that can be done, any other legal action that can be filed?SCHMITT: Yes, I would encourage other AGs or whoever to bring lawsuits against this act. We won. He was trying to use the --INGRAHAM: Well, why it hasn't been done?SCHMITT: -- Heroes Act from the early -- well, it's hopefully this announcement spurs people to action. We can't stand by and let hundreds of billions of dollars go by the wayside because this guy is trying to buy another election. It's totally ridiculous.INGRAHAM: It's theft, I'm just going to call it, theft --SCHMITT: And again, it's a slap in the face to working people.INGRAHAM: Yes, it's theft.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Senator, a new poll is showing --SCHMITT: Well, it's bribery. It's a formal bribery.INGRAHAM: Yes, a new poll is showing that only 16 percent say that President Biden's policies have benefited the middle class a lot, while 45 percent said they haven't helped the middle class at all. Senator, I guess we shouldn't be surprised. A man who's funded by the plutocrats struggles to gain traction with the middle class, who would have thunk (ph) it?SCHMITT: Yes, this is the real disconnect they have as a campaign. So, when they try to label it as Bidenomics or the Biden doctrine, everything they kind of try to come up with to cover it up. The truth is, people know that under President Trump, we had a secure border. We don't have that now. We were energy dominant under President Trump. We don't have that now. You go down the line, inflation, spending, everything was under control under President Trump, it's not now.People will compare those two records. And I know that's why they're so desperate to try to put a spin on this. And again, try to tell people their student loan is forgiven, even though taxpayers are footing the bill.INGRAHAM: I'm sure people across the country really happy to be like paying for some gender studies majors loan off as they have to struggle to get by to pay for basic things. Senator, thank you so much. Great to see you.All right, coming up, one California politician sees a problem and decides she's going to fix it. Yes, with her own hands. She's here to talk about it. Plus, how Democrat states are launching an attack, again on parental rights. And it could be coming to a state near you. The details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Life in Biden's America.BIDEN: We have some hysterical and I would argue prejudice people who are engaged in all what you see going on around the country. It's an appeal to fear and its appeal that is totally thoroughly unjustified and ugly. These are our kids. These are our neighbors. It's cruel.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What's cruel and monstrous, President Biden, is what's happening to parents across the country, especially in liberal run states. A new bill in Governor JB Pritzker's Illinois would change the definition of what constitutes an abused child to include anyone under the age of 18, whose parents object to abortions, or so-called gender affirming care like puberty blockers.Now, by changing the definition, HB4876, then empowers the state to remove your child from your home unless you submit to their warped agenda, where your son becomes your daughter, your daughter becomes your son, you get it.Joining me now is Jeannette Cooper, an Illinois mom who lost custody of her 12-year-old in 2019 after refusing to affirm her new gender identity. Jeannette, you've been warning about this for some time. What's your new warning tonight about this bill in particular?JEANNETTE COOPER, LOST CUSTODY OF HER 12 Y/O DAUGHTER: This bill absolutely has it backwards. We know what abuse is. People know what abuse is. We know when an abused child is. The standard and the statute says quite clearly that an abused child is someone whose parent or guardian has inflicted permanent damage to their bodily function. That's exactly what gender medicine does. It inflicts permanent damage, permanent harm on a child. Removing a child's breasts is permanent damage to their body. That is child abuse.INGRAHAM: Ironically, Jeannette, it's still considered abuse in Illinois law to subject your child to female genital mutilation and that's a practice that some immigrants still prefer for their daughters. But this legislation would essentially criminalize a parent's refusal to deny access to the same type of mutilation just by another name. So, you live in Illinois, do you think this bill as currently written changing this definition of abuse to basically make a lot of Christian families abusive by definition, does this have a real shot at becoming law?COOPER: No, absolutely not. I mean, the citizens of Illinois are not going to stand for something like this. They don't agree with the concept of gender identity. Absolutely not. I mean, Chicago is not the entire state, there's an entire state in Illinois, and they don't believe in such a concept of gender identity, and they certainly don't believe we should be abusing children with gender medicine.What's interesting is you talked about FGM, female genital mutilation and in that statute, it says quite clearly, that a parent who consents to this and a child who consents to this, they are not the ones responsible, the people who are responsible are the doctors who perform this, the individuals who perform this on them. Those are the people who should be held to account. Those are the people who should be taken to the legal system, so that people can get justice for what was done to them by the hospitals here in Illinois and elsewhere in this country.INGRAHAM: Now, the hospitals should be sued, and the doctors should be -- never be able to touch another human being again. Jeannette, what's the latest on your own situation? When was the last time you were able to see your daughter?COOPER: I still haven't seen my daughter. I haven't seen her in 2.5 years now. But by all accounts, I think she's doing the same thing that I'm doing, which is making lemonade out of lemons. The separation from your biological mother is a trauma to mom, me, and it's a trauma to my child. But we're both quite resilient people. And I think we're doing the best that we can. I think her perspective will change over time, just like everybody's does. And in on this bill, in particular, I hope the representative who introduced this bill will change her perspective also. I think that will happen.INGRAHAM: Jeannette, I think a lot of people are waking up, your story is one of the reasons why. Thank you for sharing it again and your perspective on all this. Good luck with your fight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATE MONROE (R), CA CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE: What good is a wall if you can walk right around the corner of the wall? I'm standing in America right now. And now, I'm standing in Mexico. I'm going to tell you what, if in Washington, you don't want to come secure this border, I will do it myself. I will do it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Republican congressional candidate and marine vet Kate Monroe doing what Biden refuses to do, secure the border. Kate used her own money to buy 400 feet of razor wire, and then kind of plugged up a four-foot gap called the San Judas break. She joins me now. Kate, it's such an outrage. Number one, that you had to do this. But that this is, sadly this is a situation across much of our border, where there's a -- maybe some type of obstruction that's either fallen down or in disrepair and people just walk right through.MONROE: Yes, it's absolutely ridiculous. If you actually go down to the border, and you see how small the hole is, it's laughable to hear somebody say, well, we need more money to patch it up. Well, you can literally get on Amazon, buy a little bit of razor wire and patch it up. It's absolutely criminal, what's going on at the border. I got to think If Trump were still in office, if he were in office again, we'll get this border thing together, get the wall built, get it done. This is an absolute disgrace that has been done by this administration.And I wanted to show people, look, we don't have to go quietly into the night. We can actually get up and go do something. As a mom of a young son, I had to step up and actually do something to secure our nation.INGRAHAM: Kate, did you talk to any members of border patrol when you were down there at the border? Any thoughts from them about how this has deteriorated?MONROE: Oh, for sure. We talked to them. And I told them exactly why I was there. I said I'm here to secure that hole in the border. I saw it on 60 Minutes. And I said, how in the hell have we not secured this little bitty hole, it doesn't seem that difficult. And when they realized who I was, and that I was running for Congress as a Republican, they pointed me exactly where to go. I said you guys stay here and babysit those 60 migrants that are waiting on their bus and their plane tickets, and I'll go secure the border since you're not allowed to. They're absolutely disgusted at the state of affairs at the border.INGRAHAM: Is it true that -- is it 3000 migrants? I call them illegal aliens. I'm sick of calling the migrants, but illegal aliens.MONROE: Me too.INGRAHAM: Did they come through that hole, what, on a weekly basis, monthly basis? What is it?MONROE: Oh, on a weekly basis. I mean, there was at some point, there was 500 to 1000 coming through per day. That's just one of three holes. Tomorrow, actually we're going to go find the other two holes and patch them up as well. I mean, why stop with one hole? I mean as you can see migrants from all over the world, the illegal aliens are flooding our borders like it's nothing.INGRAHAM: I mean this is the United States of America. We have to have a congressional candidate go to the Home Depot and get some razor wire. I mean, you can't -- it would be really hilarious if this wasn't our country at stake. Kate, thank you for doing what you're doing. Good luck out there. A new poll out showing what and who Americans really want. Kellyanne Conway, Charlie Hurt react after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: In two states where Democrats had hopes of creating a permanent majority, a new poll is showing that Donald Trump is now leading Biden. In both Arizona and Nevada, where Biden won narrowly in 2020, more voters are giving Trump a second look. The border and the economy, no doubt, are front of mind.Now, the Angle spoke to a group of undecided GOP voters after our town hall with the former president, and these were some of the reactions.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: If I could summarize what he said in one word, it was just strength. He really sounded like the kind of leader that I would want to vote for.UNKNOWN: He was so likable. Guys, when he walks into a room, he owns the room. It is obvious. Everybody liked him. I couldn't help myself but cheer for him. Everybody likes him and it was evident.UNKNOWN: It's hard to not like President Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But it's not just Trump's strength or likability that's changing voters' minds about him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I don't care about the revenge thing. I know they usually use the word revenge. Will there be revenge? My revenge will be success.UNKNOWN: That right there is the line I've been wanting to hear from Donald Trump this whole election cycle. Is he running again to get revenge, to pay back? Who do we have to attack? The vendetta? No, it's my policies, my platform, my results. That will be the revenge.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Kellyanne Conway, former senior counselor to President Trump, and Charlie Hurt, Washington Times opinion editor, both Fox News contributors.Kellyanne, your thoughts about what those undecided voters took away from that town hall, and specifically the way he came across?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Laura, first of all, thank you for moderating the town hall. I think America learned so much and you can see why President Trump is ahead. We all have the same hiring bias. We like to hire someone to do a job who's done the job before. And that is really why he's ahead.I think in Trump 2024 is this combination of a presidential record from 2017 to 2021, particularly pre-COVID, coupled with the return of the swagger and the hunger and the underestimated underdog from 2016. And you saw it all in full display. You asked the right questions, he gave great answers, and they were really anchored in policy.You know, people in this country are worried about security, affordability and fairness. I hear in focus groups and look at polls every day and I hear the word strength. The opposite of strength is weakness, and the opposite of strength is failure. That's the way they look at Biden. But that won't be enough. They need to see the antidote to that.These undecided voters are usually on the fence for Trump because they don't like his personality or they worry about the court cases. But I'm going to say now what I said in 2016 after Access Hollywood, because I think it's even more true now. We, as Americans, love to -- and complain and converse about what offends us. But we vote according to what affects us.And I think that's why you're seeing many independents, Hispanics, African- Americans, some women, some women, some young people coming over to Donald Trump and away from Joe Biden. Biden needs majority, solid majorities of all those groups to actually pull this off.INGRAHAM: Charlie, there was a moment that I got a lot of attention and I kind of -- went by so fast during the town hall I didn't quite process it, but let's replay it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I worry about their safety. I think it's the reason I'm doing this. I'm worrying about this country. This country is in such trouble. We have incompetent people running our country right now. The only thing they're good at is being vicious.UNKNOWN: You could see it in his eyes when he said, I'm not worried about my safety. I'm worried about the safety of this country and its people. That was a very powerful remark by the president.UNKNOWN: I think so, too.UNKNOWN: That was a clever remark.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, Charlie -- yeah. Charlie, it was -- because a lot of people are worried about him. They're worried that someone could take a shot at him, that something would happen to his personal safety. He kind of just brushed it off without even a second. I know, I'm worried about America's safety. We're in big trouble. That was actually that -- that hit people in the gut.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. And, you know, when you look at what these people have done to him, you know, above board, what they've openly done to him, you know, and the price he has had to pay and the price his family has had to pay for getting involved in politics. And, you know, it's truly extraordinary.And so, you know, I think that people are right to be worried about it. I know that I've asked him many times, you know, you know what? You know why? You've got a great life. Why not just go back to your great life? And that's the answer he always gives, which is he really does care about the country.And he's very worried. And he thinks that, you know, the matter, you know, the amount of time we have left before these people absolutely destroy the country beyond repair. And what we have seen in the last three years has been a perfect example of that.These people are not going to stop until they completely destroy the country, destroy our -- the way we do elections. The fact they're trying to put him in jail, they're trying to bankrupt him. They're trying to take everything away from him, and his family, in order to punish him for being a political enemy.If Democrats win and are allowed to run this election this way, and I think Kellyanne would agree with this, they will never run another election for the rest of time, any other way. This is how they will run all elections forever.INGRAHAM: Kellyanne, Nikki Haley was on with her own Harris Faulconer earlier today. I want your reaction to what she said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This Saturday, the primary, how do you get there beyond this state when you haven't won a state yet? How do you win your first state?UNKNOWN: I mean, it's amazing to say I haven't won a state yet. You've only had three states that have voted.UNKNOWN: Well, it's not amazing.UNKNOWN: We need to --(CROSSTALK)UNKNOWN: I mean, it's --UNKNOWN: We need to --UNKNOWN: He's going to pick up more delegates.UNKNOWN: South Carolina have not voted yet.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Kellyanne, your reaction.CONWAY: Laura, Laura, this is simple. You don't need to be a pollster or mathematician to know that Nikki Haley has lost 149 of the 151 counties that have voted so far. And for all the people out there always screaming about your election deniers, your election deniers, stop denying the election in the will of the people. They've spoken.As of this Saturday, Nikki Haley will have lost to Donald Trump by double digits in all four major geographic areas. The Midwest, Iowa, the Northeast, New Hampshire, the Rocky Mountain West, Nevada and the South, South Carolina.I think she's giving way too much fodder to the Democrats and the hard left's ads that they're going to run in the fall. And I think it's regrettable that it's coming from a, quote, "Republican."INGRAHAM: Well, she's certainly helping Biden at this point. Kellyanne and Charlie, great to see both of you.All right. Google's image A.I. goes awry, and commander's bite is much bigger than his bark. Raymond Arroyo has it all. Seen and Unseen is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It is time for Seen and Unseen where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. And for that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, Google just shut down its artificial intelligence image bot because it was spitting out erroneous images. Is there any humor in this or is it all just bad news?RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, there's a lot of humor. Look, in their quest to be inclusive, Laura, random races started to being imposed on historic figures. For instance, when you type in founding fathers, this is what Washington looked like. Do you want to see a pope? How about this? How about a Roman -- how about a Roman emperor or an astronaut?Now, this is just the result of the info Google put into the robot, Laura, which is an attempt to promote diversity. OK, this is Jen Gennai, she oversees Google's A.I. responsibility initiative.INGRAHAM: Oh.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I think it's OK to talk about things that you've made mistakes in, because we will make mistakes. When we're trying to be good allies, when we're trying to be anti-racist, we will make mistakes. The point is, though, to keep trying to keep educating yourself and getting better day to day.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, Google, in a statement, Raymond, is admitting that they have, quote, "missed the mark here and are ending the images of people for now." But I don't know. It's kind of convenient. Like, oh, we missed the mark. You think? Miss the mark? They're completely rewriting history, or attempting at -- on the road to rewriting history. To make it more diverse and inclusive, which is what they're doing in a lot of remakes of films and historic biopics, all that kind of stuff.ARROYO: Right. And look, diversity is a wonderful thing. Look, I'm all for it. Let's include everybody. But you can't distort history here, Laura. The fact is, George Washington was white. The fact is there were three African popes. Let's show them. That's fine. That's a good thing to see.But when you deprive people of their races or you jumble them up the way Google is here, you're not allowing the future to profit from the glories or the struggles of those who went before. You know, we're given an inheritance with the past. It's our obligation to pass it on to the next generation intact, not remake it as we want to imagine it or as we think it should be. That is nonsense.INGRAHAM: Oh, I don't like the past.ARROYO: I'm glad they're shutting --INGRAHAM: Well, you're too naive. You're naA_ve, OK? You're very smart, but you're also naive. They don't care about the past. They think the past is corrupt and we're an awful, rotten, racist country. That's what they think.So, they want to eliminate all the, you know, the old vestiges of the past and create a new world, a new world order, a new world understanding that doesn't include those old archaic figures.ARROYO: Well, you know, Laura --INGRAHAM: I know you're doing some searches today.ARROYO: I have. You know, our children may not remember the present as we see it now. I did an A.I. search and I asked them to give me an image of TV host Laura Ingram. Look what happened.Now, that does not -- come on, that doesn't look like you. She was a big deal. She was a big deal in TV. Poor Sally Jesse Raphael. So, I tried again. Tough interviewer, Laura Ingraham. Well, that's not her either. So, I tried blonde, Laura Ingram. And look who I got, Tia Leone, getting closer. That could be the forthcoming Ingraham the miniseries, Laura. That's what I'm hoping for. We'll see.INGRAHAM: OK, very funny, very funny. All right. I did the same thing with you and I had to get some help to do this. But I typed in Raymond Arroyo Follies. Then I tried Raymond Arroyo, big band singer.UNKNOWN: Oh, you got it right. The second one, you got right. Good. That was the right combo, Laura. Now, we've got to move on to speaking of biting humor. Remember when Joe Biden brought Commander to the White House, his dog? He seemed like such a good boy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: You're a good boy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He was a puppy.ARROYO: Well, he was a good boy, Laura, until he saw his first Secret Service agent.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Biden, Biden never did get control of that animal, Laura. You know, McGruff the dog, took a bite out of crime. This dog took a bite out of every Secret Service agent he ever saw. CNN got its hand on unseen Secret Service documents. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There were at least 24 specific incidents with the Secret Service. And I want to read you this email from an unnamed assistant, Special Agent agents must be creative to ensure our own personal safety. And exactly one month after that email, an agent working at the Biden's Rehoboth Beach, Delaware home was bit in the backyard as he walked to his post. It caused a severe, deep open wound that the agent started to lose a significant amount of blood.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, he bled all over the carpet. Oh, yeah. We had not been told any of this. Twenty-four attacks on Secret Service. That's not counting the White House staff. Now, the question is, how was this animal first -- first of all, allowed to continue to do this? If your dog or mine did this repeatedly, you know what would happen. Animal control would take it and put it down.The Biden dog went on and on and on. Thank goodness they moved that dog out of the White House. It's the least they could do.INGRAHAM: Well, you know, the Democrats are never good on recidivism, right? It's just a turnstile. They get punished and then they just -- all the criminals just go out, so same thing with the dog.By the way, I noticed the dog was on the couch. OK, not a good idea. I know we love our dogs, but when the dog gets on the couch, the dog feels like they can dominate you. That's Brian Kilcommons, my smart puppy author always told me that.ARROYO: Well, I mean, something to this --INGRAHAM: I'm going to go back to the -- a 24-bite rule. I thought it was the two-bite rule. Now it's the 24 by -- it's inflation. Bite inflation. All right, Raymond, thanks.Up next, another bonus round for my town hall with Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: We're back in Greenville, South Carolina, with President Trump. And also, we're joined by South Carolina Senator Tim Scott. Thank you both for being with us.(APPLAUSE)INGRAHAM: All right. We've spoken some on the show tonight about the black and Hispanic vote, which seems to be trending more toward the Republican Party, specifically because of the America First agenda of President Trump.In this new Siena College poll is showing that President Trump has 41 percent of the Latino vote, 26 percent of the African-American vote. What is he doing, and what can he do more of, to even expand that?SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Well, he's been very, very successful. When you look at the years when he was our president, we have the lowest unemployment rate in the history of the country for African-Americans, the first time under six percent because of Donald Trump.We have the lowest -- I'm like a Southern preacher, so I got to stand a little bit. So, we have the lowest Hispanic unemployment, the first time under five percent. Asians, first time under three percent. Women, a 70 year low overall population by 50-year low.And on top of that, who's the president who brought the most money in for historically black colleges and universities? Donald Trump. Who made the funding permanent for the first time? It wasn't Barack Obama. It wasn't Bill Clinton. It was.UNKNOWN: Donald Trump.SCOTT: Actually, who signed the Opportunity Zone legislation, bringing hundreds of billions of dollars into the poorest communities in all of our country? Success breeds success. Forty percent of African-American men now are looking at Donald Trump. Who trusts -- who trusts this president with the border? Hispanics trust Donald Trump more than Joe Biden because they have common sense.INGRAHAM: On the issue of crime, Mr. President, people think, oh, well, that's -- it's the economy or the border. But crime is an important issue for all Americans, especially inner city, underserved and underprivileged people from all backgrounds and ethnicities.But African-Americans, as you've talked about in D.C., you know, I'm from the D.C. area. It's just horrific what's happening to the people who deserve it least.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We have to be very tough and we have to respect our law enforcement and we have to give them back authorization to act on our behalf. We have to. One of the things that I'm very proud of, and this was given through strength. Well, some of the most conservative people wanted it, but a lot of liberals wanted it, too. And Tim was one of the people that really was pressing and his voice is very important to me.Criminal justice reform. We got that done. And a lot of the African- American population has never forgotten that. Opportunity zones. Tim came to see me about that. He said, I have an idea and it's an idea that we've tested. No, but the problem is nobody could get it through. He came to me. I loved it. And I think it's the greatest economic development program that I've ever seen that nobody talks about.SCOTT: Absolutely.TRUMP: It's been so successful within the --INGRAHAM: You've got to have safety in these communities, though. Something that you haven't talked a lot about. You came out strongly against the central bank digital currency, which would be a government controlled digital dollar. China, obviously, has its own push in the Chinese digital currency.But isn't the next logical step for you to embrace Bitcoin, because Bitcoin, obviously, is decentralized? The government can't get its hands on it. What about Bitcoin and all the young people, including African- Americans, who are very interested?TRUMP: Well, a lot of people are doing it. I always liked one currency. I call it a currency. I like the dollar. But a lot of people are doing it. And frankly, it's taken a life of its own. You probably have to do some regulation, as you know, but many people are embracing it, and more and more -- I'm seeing people wanting to pay Bitcoin. And you're seeing something that's interesting.So, I can live with it one way or the other. I've always liked one really powerful thing, and that's called the dollar.SCOTT: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Mr. President, one final, one final comment to the people here, the voters in South Carolina, but beyond, who are watching across the country about what's at stake in this election coming up, given everything that you're facing.TRUMP: I actually think the life of our country is at stake. I think that this is the most important election we've ever had. I used to say that 2016 and I meant it 100 percent. This blows it away. We had bad borders in 2016, but nothing like -- we had problems in 2016, but this is magnified times 10. We're going to lose our country. It's going to be a disaster and we have to do something.And, you know, it's basically very simple. We're going to get back to energy. We're going to drill. We're going to get -- we're going to take care of inflation. He caused inflation when he allowed energy to go through the roof, because energy involves everything. If you're making donuts, if you're building buildings, if you're driving trucks, everything is powered in one form or another by energy.He allowed it to go from nothing to almost one hundred dollars a barrel. I had it down at thirty-five --INGRAHAM: Now, LNG Exports.TRUMP: LNG, he cut it out. I approved plants in Louisiana that were up for 15 years. They couldn't get it. I got them approved in twenty-four hours. Nobody could believe it. Ten-billion-dollar plants. So, what I'm saying is we have a theme, it's called Make America Great Again. It's so simple. And when people ask you the question and we're going to have inexpensive energy, that's going to help us get rid of this horrible inflation.Now, he really had thirty eight percent inflation. If you look at it over his term, it's thirty eight percent. Anybody that made anything, it doesn't matter because the inflation was greater than whatever they made. We're going to get prices down. We're going to bring this country back. But we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. And we can still do it. But soon we will never be able to do that because it'll be too far down the line.INGRAHAM: One more question. When you are reelected, might the first interview at the White House?TRUMP: I think I'd do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right. That's it for us tonight. What a week. Don't forget to set your DVR so you always stay connected with us. Make sure to follow me on social media, X, Instagram, all the adventures of the week. We have more photos and video going up by the moment. Thank you again for watching. Remember, it's America now and forever.And Jesse Watters takes it all from here.