MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS HOST: Set your DVR, 6 o'clock Eastern, 3o'clock on the West Coast. Thank you for watching Special Report. I'm Mike Emanuel in Washington. The Ingraham Angle with Laura is up next. Keep right here.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingrahm Angle back in Washington tonight. And later on, I'm going to have more of my exclusive townhall with former President Trump. We had too much content to get into last night show and he was gracious enough to give us a bonus round of questions, got a little bit more personal, including about Melania's role in the upcoming campaign. But first, the Russia hoax never dies. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, last night, I asked Donald Trump about the criticism he's received for not addressing the death of Russian prisoner Alexei Navalny.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Well, Navalny was a very sad situation. And he's very brave. He was a very brave guy, because he went back, he could have stayed away. And frankly, probably would have been a lot better off staying away and talking from outside of the country as opposed to having to go back in because people thought that could happen and it did happen, and it's a horrible thing.But it's happening in our country too. We are turning into a communist country in many ways and if you look at it, I'm the leading candidate. I get into -- I never heard of being indicted before, I was going to -- I got indicted four times. I have eight or nine trials, all because of the fact that I'm -- and you know this, all because of the fact that I'm in politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, he's 100 percent correct. If he had not been a political force as he was and never run for president, none of what he's enduring in the New York courts would have happened.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, in this New York civil fraud case, this Judge Arthur Engoron ruled against you for almost $0.5 billion plus interest that runs every day, when I first read this like $87,000 a day. How will you put up that kind of money because you have a bond to put up, even if you appeal, you've got to put up escrow money. That's -- it's a lot to do.TRUMP: It is form of Navalny, it is a form of communism or fascism.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, question the state and the state will devour you. That's his point. And I think it's fairly clear he's being targeted because of what he believes. Even Americans who don't love Trump can see the rank unfairness of these cases. But the mere fact that Donald Trump raised his own plight and an answer about Navalny sent the Russian collusion kooks back down to Russian rabbit hole.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Should Americans and the rest of the world be concerned about what is happening with Republicans, some of whom are embracing Russia in some ways, embracing Putin, I'm talking about former President Trump here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is a man who has praised Vladimir Putin's policy decisions. He has called him a friend as well.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump loves Russia so much; he should move there.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Love it or leave it, baby. I thought the liberals didn't like Archie bunkers old line. But look, these are unserious people and they're fresh out of ideas. Instead of reacting to our Trump townhall, I think they should have just played their old, he's pro-Putin greatest hits.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): There is circumstantial evidence of collusion. There is direct evidence, I think of deception. And that's where we begin the investigation.REP. ERIC SWALWELL (D-CA): We have very good circumstantial evidence that the Trump team, the family, the businesses were eager to work and we're working with the Russians, while the Russians, how we're helping them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was collusion. There were attempts at collusion. And there was Russia. Russia tried to interfere with the election. If you don't -- you don't have to believe me.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, this is hilarious. It's the same thing. They have nothing to argue here. I'm going to defend their guy, Joe Biden, right? They can't. But it's all nonsense. The Russian collusion playbook is dogeared and torn. In 2016, they set their spies on the Trump campaign to prevent him from winning. Then the deep state tried to prevent him from governing when he did win, then the Mueller fiasco to try to prevent him from winning again in 2020, and so on, and so on, and now again, in 2024.Now, even though Putin has already said that he wants Biden to win, I mean, if you can believe that whatever, but he said it. But Trump's a Russian stooge, no one believes this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: You know, with them, it's all misinformation. Everything is dis and mis, a little difference. Dis and misinformation. I went in, got in and I stopped Nord Stream 2. I ended it. That's the biggest deal ever in the history of Russia. They are going to supply Europe with oil and gas. I ended it. Biden comes in and he vetoed what I had done. It was done. Nord Stream 2 was done. And he approved it.When people say that about Russia and Putin would even say to me, he said you treat us very bad. I had sanctions on Russia that nobody has ever put there before. In fact, Biden took them off, it's just misinformation.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, that's the truth. And so is the report that our great friend Ukraine, then goes and blows up the Nord Stream 1 pipeline with our own government having advanced warning, before trying to plant stories that Russia blew up their own pipeline. It's also stupid.And then fast forward to today. Again, nothing's changed. The Democrats desperately need to switch the storyline away from a corrupt family on its last legs, the Biden's, with their political patriarch, literally, on his last legs, stumbling up the short staircase on Air Force One owned by China, compromised by the sleazy deals of his greedy narrow dwell grifter son. So, they seize on the story of one compromised informant, Alexander Smirnov, who has his own Russia ties and admits to lying in his Hunter Biden bribery allegations. And then they waive the Russia collusion wand with that informant to try to make the whole Biden corruption allegations disappear.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): He's up to his eyeballs in interaction with Russian intelligence agents, where all of this obviously began in terms of concocting this story that Burisma had paid Joe Biden $5 million. And that was the source of this whole wild goose chase that we've been on for more than a year now. Now, it's very clear that they have all been dupes to a Russian disinformation propaganda effort.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, Russia, Russia, Russia, I don't care about Smirnov on the rocks. All right, because the real question that Abbe Lowell, Hunter's lawyer, and Raskin and all of them can't answer. The real question is, what did Hunter Biden and what did his Uncle James do to make all that money overseas? What did they bring a value to that Chinese energy company and the Romanian and Ukrainian interest to make all that money?They know. And we all know that they had no international business expertise to merit the millions they made. The only product or service that the Biden boys had to sell was influence and a connection to the Big Guy. Period. End of story. There's no misinformation in saying that. There's no disinformation in saying that. It's common sense. You don't need an FBI informant to conclude that, and the salient facts are not in dispute. Here are just a few.The October 2020 New York Post reporter reported on Hunter's laptop, and then of course, the 51 former deep staters called it, disinformation. And then Joe lies that Hunter ever made any money from China, which was debunked by Hunter himself and later on in court. Then the Biden families 150 suspicious activity reports from the Treasury Department came out and of course Hunter's broad immunity deal, a total sham that fell apart last summer.None of these facts is reliant on a shady FBI source who's now wearing an ankle bracelet. And even grandstanding blowhards like Dan Goldman, they know this, but they pretend somehow that it wipes Hunter clean.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DAN GOLDMAN (D-NY): It now appears as if the House Republican majority is being used by Russia to interfere in the 2024 election on behalf of Donald Trump. If they continue with this investigation, they are simply doing the work of Vladimir Putin to help Donald Trump win an election in November. That's where we are.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Blah, blah, blah, Russia, blah, what did Hunter do to get so rich, Dan? Why are the Biden's so rich?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They say, Joe Biden, there's no evidence that Joe Biden received any financial benefit personally. And to that you say.TRUMP: Well, he's got a lot of houses all over the place. And he's never been paid more than -- about $179,000, I guess is the top. Look, he's gotten a lot of money. Hunter's gotten a lot of money. Hunter gets millions of dollars just for sitting on a board, an energy board and he admits that he knows nothing about energy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Common sense. Don't need an informant to conclude that. Here's the bottom-line. The American people have to choose, do they want President Trump who's risked everything, stands to lose everything, his business, his fortune, even his freedom to fight for the American people or do they want to reward the Biden family, despite all the questions about exactly how they became so rich, and that's the Angle.Joining us now is Newt Gingrich, former Speaker of the House and Fox News Contributor. Newt, Trump isn't pro-Putin. Isn't it all that his pro-Putin strategy, isn't it all a little tired at this point -- are the American people buying any of this?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I'm going to say, first of all, I thought your interview last night was terrific, and that you did a great job of drawing out of Trump, a number of observations and a tone, which was as good as I think I've ever seen him. So, I really commend you for last night's townhall meeting.But let's be honest about where we are, because I think very frightening. You have a Biden administration failing in the Middle East, you have a Biden administration, which collapsed in Afghanistan, you have a Biden administration, which in two years has not come up with a strategy for winning in Ukraine. And the world's getting dramatically more dangerous.And in the meantime, you have a Secretary of State who thinks one of his most important jobs is to send out a letter reminding all of the State Department employees to worry about their gender, and to put their appropriate gender name with their emails. I mean, this is an absurdity. They have to attack and lie about Trump, because the truth will destroy them.The truth is that they're undermining Israel at this very moment. The truth is that they failed totally to intimidate the Houthis, who hit three ships in the last couple of days, they failed totally to intimidate the Iranians, who continue to expand their terrorist operations across the Middle East. They have absolutely failed to figure out a strategy to stop Putin.And let me say, I warned as early as 2014, during the Crimean fiasco, when Obama collapsed totally. That sanctions don't work against Putin. Putin -- as former Secretary of Defense, said, Bob Gates said, he is a stone cold killer. He's a KGB trained operative, and you have to deal with him at that level of toughness. And the idea of Joe Biden trying to deal with Putin is silly.Donald Trump was right last night, when he told you, he's the one who sent real weapons which Obama -- remember, Obama wanted to send them meals ready to eat, and sleeping bags, and non-lethal things. Trump actually sent real weapons to Ukraine, Trump actually cut off the Russian pipeline, Trump was much tougher. And then Biden comes along and goes back to appeasement, and the appeasement fails. And I'm confident that Putin has total contempt for Biden.INGRAHAM: Newt, one of the things that I thought about last night when President Trump was answering these questions was, it's easy to come out and say, Putin is a war criminal. Putin is evil. That's easy, right? But I think what he's thinking is, I may have to broker or help broker encourage a negotiated settlement between that guy, and Zelenskyy. If I'm president, and so I think he's thinking ahead. He's not a politician. So, he's not going to just come out and blurt out, contrary to what they think, oh, he's a killer. Yes, OK, that doesn't get you anyway, I think he's thinking February of 2025? What is he going to be dealing with Putin? Do you agree with that?GINGRICH: Well, look, I mean, he's been very clear about this, that he believes that he can negotiate from position of absolute strength, and can convince both Ukraine and Russia meaning Putin that they need to get to a truce. Here's the problem for the Ukrainians. They're not going to beat Russia. We can provide them lots more weapons, they can lose a lot more people. But if this goes on for two or three or four more years, it's really a tragedy. And I think what Trump's trying to think through is, how do you end this without strengthening Putin? And how do you end this so Ukraine survives as an independent country. That is a long way from the rhetoric of Joe Biden.INGRAHAM: And Newt, just before this show, we learned that the Biden administration is considering, I guess, more seriously now an executive action on the border, a source telling Fox Business, Ed Lawrence, that it would restrict the ability of migrants crossing the U.S. border illegally, to get asylum. Wait a second, Newt.I brought this up with Trump last night, wait, they said they had no executive authority. This is the most. This is wild. They are really flailing from Russia collusion to now they're Trump on the border. OK.GINGRICH: Let me just say bluntly, it's all a lie. This is an administration dedicated to keeping the border open, dedicated to allowing thousands of Chinese males of military age to cross the border, dedicated to allowing a Venezuelan gang this very violent, which we saw beating up New York policemen.I don't know why they're so passionate about keeping the border open. They could have agreed to a border deal with the Congress, and they could have gotten aid to Israel and to Ukraine and a package and the border to them keeping it open and keeping illegal immigrants flowing into the U.S. was more important than helping Ukraine and Israel.INGRAHAM: Newt, always great to see you. Thanks so much. And new details about Trump's strategy to fight New York Judge Engoron's obscene $355 million fine, plus interest, to violate the constitution. Former Scalia and Thomas law clerk Chris Landau reacts after this. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Well. the Left is still fanning itself over Friday's ruling by Neo Marxist Judge Arthur Engoron. The cartoonish Letitia James is kind of like wily coyote. Sure, she's finally cornered the roadrunner. She's her own caricature.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES (D), ATTORNEY GENERAL, NEW YORK: If he does not have funds to pay off the judgment, then we will seek judgment enforcement mechanisms in court. And we will ask the judge to seize his assets.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, the pregnant pause, she's either auditioning for higher office or for a seat on the view. Either way, she and the judge are the ones who should be brought up on fraud charges. Remember, for supposed fraud with no victims, Trump was ordered to pay $355 million in penalties, plus $98 million in interest with $87,502 in interest added every day. Now, unless he wants to pay the entire amount while he appeals, he's going to need to post an appeal bond worth more than $540 million. All right. That sounds fair, doesn't it? Last night, Trump gave us a sense of what he might claim on appeal.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishment inflicted. That's the Eighth Amendment. I have a lot of cash, but that doesn't mean he can take it. I mean, you know what he did, I think he looked at my cash and he said, well, we'll take all of his cash.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Chris Landau, former law clerk to Justice Scalia and Thomas and also former ambassador to Mexico. Chris, how could Trump's lawyers make this excessive fines claim under the Eighth Amendment?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS LAW CLERK: Well, Laura, there's two different issues. One is the issue of getting a bond to take the appeal, and he'll have to put up some cash immediately for that. Then there is the broader issue of how do you attack this crazy fine? The Eighth Amendment, as the President said, says you shall not have excessive fines. It seems pretty common sensical to say that a fine of $350 million plus interest for a victimless crime, where the person that was allegedly defrauded, the bank said we want to do business with this guy again, is excessive.So, this is an argument under the federal constitution. So that gives him the opportunity to try to take the case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court, if necessary. Hopefully, Laura, the New York State courts will be able to fix this mess. I mean, New York didn't become the financial capital of the world for nothing. The New York courts have historically been very good about making sure that business disputes get resolved fairly and appropriately. That is until Trump came along.INGRAHAM: Now, Rachel Maddow, Chris had an idea about how Trump could pay the fine. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: The prospect keeping many people up at night, though, is the idea that it will be a foreign government, some sort of foreign entity, perhaps even a hostile one that could decide they'll just cover it all. How would that fit with Trump's announced plans for a second term and for his strongman style of promised governance,(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Chris, comedy night tonight.LANDAU: Again, it's just -- yes, it's just sad, Laura, because at the end of the day, it's kind of comedy. But you know, to see the judge there, who imposed all this fine, sitting there mugging for the camera and laughing. They think this is all fun and games, the Trump haters in New York and elsewhere, but it's actually not at all funny because New York is going to be the one left holding the bag, if all these other businesses wind up pulling up the stakes and getting the heck out of New York.I mean, businesses require certainty, right? When you have a legal system that is incapable of delivering certainty, you get the heck out of there as fast as you can. That's the problem in so many parts of the world. As you said, I was ambassador to Mexico, Mexico's biggest challenge in attracting investment is that people don't want to invest in a country that they don't think has a stable legal system.New York has been prided on its legal system. I had a case in the New York Court of Appeals, their highest court, about 15 years ago. I was so impressed at the way --INGRAHAM: All right.LANDAU: -- they got into the details of the contract because they know this.INGRAHAM: All right, Chris. Thank you so much. We appreciate it. Now, there was one thing President Trump told me yesterday that gave me chills. Up next, more from our townhall in Greenville, exclusive next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: We got huge reaction to our townhall with President Trump last night and he was gracious enough to sit down with us for a bonus round of questions.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, President Trump, the Biden campaign has joined TikTok, even though the FBI says TikTok presents a massive national security threat. It's not on any government phones. You can't download on the phones. You banned it while you were president. He lifted that ban. Are you worried that you're going to miss out on the young voters by not being on TikTok?TRUMP: Well, right now I'm leading with the young voters by a lot. I think they want to see competence in office. They see this guy who can't put two sentences together. He literally -- so, if he were on the stage, he would not be able to figure out how to get off. Did you ever see it? He can't find the stairs. There's stairs all over the place. He can't find stairs.They want to see competence, much more so than being on TikTok. I believe that TikTok, I was going to ban it permanently, but Congress didn't want to do it. I said, look, I'm going to do what you want to do in this case. And they didn't want to do it. They're pretty well taken care of. But I don't think it's going to matter for him.INGRAHAM: You're extremely funny. I mean, you have a fantastic sense of humor. People who, you know, don't know you personally sometimes don't see that because you're facing very serious challenges and a very serious election. How might you showcase your sense of humor during this campaign for those people who might not be all that into politics?TRUMP: I don't think I want to be a comedian with respect to the campaign. We have a country that's dying. We have a country that's -- it's a failing nation. I say it in my speeches. It's a failing nation. We have a nation in decline. We are a nation in decline. I just don't think it's a subject that we're smiling too much about.When I see 18 million by the time he leaves, I think that's going to be the number, 18 million people coming in from places unknown. We have no idea who they are, but they are terrorists. We're going to have massive terrorism. We're going to have a big problem with terrorists. We're going to have a lot of problems. We have to get the -- especially the bad ones.And remember what I said, the local police force, you have a great family right there, the Heinz family sitting in the front row. They lost their daughter to an illegal alien that came in, and we threw him out and he was gone. And he came back in, just came back in, and he -- their daughter was killed by an illegal immigrant that came in during the Biden administration. So sad.So, I just don't see that much humor in what we're doing. This is a very serious charge and this is a very serious thing I'm doing. And I don't want to be, you know, if I start talking with a smile, they'll say he smiled because the fake news is just terrible.He smiled. What was he smiling about? And I don't really want to smile. There's not -- I want to smile when we complete the task and make America great again. I'll smile.(APPLAUSE)INGRAHAM: You face a lot of internal opposition in your first term. Individuals who you believed really didn't have your same agenda, were not advancing your agenda, whether it was pulling troops out of foreign countries or other programs. So, how would you guard against that in a second term? And would there be any people you would pull back from the -- your former term in office who you might bring back to the Cabinet?TRUMP: We had a lot of great people. Lighthizer. I mean, there're so many because you talk about our trade. We would just kill it on a trade. We had a lot of great people. I won't mention, but I could mention 20 names just right off the cuff.But we also had some that I wouldn't have used. The difference is when I was elected, I was in Washington 17 times in my entire life and I never stayed over. I wasn't a Washington person. So, I had to rely on, in some cases, rhinos, in some cases, well-meaning rhinos. But they were recommending people. And some of the people I had, I wouldn't have used again.And now I know everybody. I know the good ones, the weak ones, the strong ones, the incompetent ones, the very smart ones that people don't know this, how smart they are. You know, those are the ones we like the best. But the fact is, I know the people now really well.Because, you know, I did. I won. I was a businessman. If you ever look at the charts, 92 percent of the people that became president were politicians. The other 8 percent were generals. So, I was neither. I was neither of them.INGRAHAM: Could you work with Mitch McConnell if he's still in office? Obviously, you've butted heads, have different views on a lot of issues. But could you work with him in a new term if he was still in the Senate and still had a leadership position?TRUMP: A lot of his so-called people have endorsed me, as you know, over the last little while. A lot of them have. Tremendous people like Steve Daines is a great guy. And actually, John Cornyn gave me an endorsement, which shocked the hell out of me, to be honest with you. But I was endorsed by a lot of people.And almost, you know, getting close to the entire Senate, he'll probably end up endorsing me also. I don't know that I can work with him. He gave away trillions of dollars that he didn't have to, trillions of dollars. He made it very easy for the Democrats. When I wanted to build a wall, I ended up building the wall. You know what I did? I took it out of the military. I said, this is an invasion of our country. That's how I built the wall.I said, this is an invasion. I'm taking it out of the military because you couldn't get it out of Congress. So, I don't know what his status would be. I think he probably, at some point, will pull over if I win.INGRAHAM: Now, you're getting a slam from some of your old adversaries about your NATO comments. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Why is Donald Trump so enamored of Putin? Well, part of it is he's a wannabe dictator. He even said the other day, let's basically get out of NATO and, you know, encourage Putin to do what he wants.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: All of us should reject the dangerous statements made by the previous president that invited Russia to invade our NATO allies if they weren't paying up.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, does this mean you're not going to defend NATO countries if they haven't paid their 2-point-whatever-percent?TRUMP: Well. Yeah, sort of. It does. We have -- we have 28 countries.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: We have 28 countries and they were taken advantage tremendously. You know, look, the European nations, I happen to be, a long time ago, my parents, my grandparents came from a place called Europe. So, I love it. But they are very smart and they get advantage. They've taken advantage of us on trade and they've taken advantage of us on NATO.And what happened, what I did is I told them, if you don't pay up, I'm not going to defend you. And they said, I can't believe it. Nobody else ever said that. Bush came in, he made a speech and they left.Obama came in, he made a speech. We were supporting almost 100 percent.In my opinion, we were paying for Europe's military almost 100 percent, not 40 percent or 20 percent. They weren't paid up. And a question was asked by the head of a country, very strong question at a big meeting, one night, 28 countries, sir, does that mean that if we don't pay, you will not defend us from Russia or whoever? I said, you say you didn't pay? You were delinquent? He said, yes. Let's say we were, I would not defend you.Now, if I said I would defend them, they wouldn't have paid. As soon as I said that's right, that's exactly what it means. The money came pouring in, billions of dollars. And the secretary general, who couldn't believe it because he went through Obama, he went through Bush, he went through all of them, they never paid up. Everybody owed money. Of the 28 countries, eight had paid almost up.INGRAHAM: Eleven -- eleven or twelve have now paid.TRUMP: Very few. Well, maybe.INGRAHAM: But do you think Article 5 should be amended as it's currently written?TRUMP: I think a country should have to pay. If you don't pay, why should we. Look, we have a bigger purpose than that, but they will pay. It's like Ukraine. They're not paying. We're paying. We're paying for the Ukraine much more than they are. They should be paying at least on an equal basis. They should actually be paying more.And the reason they're not is that nobody's asking them. I guarantee you, Biden, do you think Biden is calling these guys and say, listen, fellas, you got to pay up, pay up, get your ass moving, pay up. I'm not going to do that. He'll go, huh?INGRAHAM: Right now --TRUMP: The guy doesn't know he's alive, OK?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And if Trump wins, will he work with some of the same Democrats who tried to sabotage him the first time? More of my exclusive town hall and the bonus round with President Trump after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now, more of my exclusive town hall, the bonus rounds with President Trump from Greenville, South Carolina.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mr. President, Tammy is in the audience. She has a question. Tammy.UNKNOWN: Good afternoon, President Trump. First of all, I'd like to say we miss you.TRUMP: Thank you.UNKNOWN: And we are truly -- we are truly sorry for the scrutiny that you are under on a daily basis, which leads to my question. How do you keep the demeanor that you do and keep your spirit so high when you're obviously being attacked by the other side all the time?TRUMP: Well, thank you very much for that. I really appreciate that. Because I do get it. I'll tell you, Tammy, I get two questions the most. Will they do it again? That's number one question. Will they do it again, sir? Will they do it again? We have a lot of checks. We have a lot of things. And, you know, last time I campaigned, I did great. And then I went home and I saw bad things happening, and we all know that. But that's number one.The second thing is, how do you take it, which is your question? And I don't know the answer to that, except I must be wired in a certain way, because I have a lot of very, very -- not even friends, friends and enemies. But I have a lot of people come up to me like Wall Street tycoons, big, tough, smart people, and they say, how the hell do you take it? You got indicted four times.These guys, if they ever got indicted once, I mean, they'd crawl into a corner and say, Mommy, take me home, I can't take it. It's true.INGRAHAM: Do you pray regularly?TRUMP: I pray.UNKNOWN: Yeah.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: I pray.INGRAHAM: I mean, if you don't mind me asking, because I know this is a very faith-filled audience here, and I know there are people across the globe who pray for you and your safety. They're worried about your safety.TRUMP: I know they are.INGRAHAM: And they want --TRUMP: Can I be honest?INGRAHAM: Do you feel that? Do you feel the power of that?TRUMP: I do. But can I be honest? I worry about their safety, too. These people, everybody in this room is in great danger right now. We have a nuclear weapon that if you hit New York, South Carolina is going to be gone, too. I worry about their safety. I think it's the reason I'm doing this. I'm worrying about this country. This country is in such trouble.We have incompetent people running our country right now. The only thing they're good at is being vicious. They're vicious, horrible people. And that's what they're good at. They're good at doing the election stuff and demeaning people. We want to get together. I think we can get together --INGRAHAM: Will you work with Democrats in cities that I know you love because you spent so much time in all these cities.TRUMP: So sad --INGRAHAM: You said after Iowa you would work with any Democrat in any city or state to fix their problems.TRUMP: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Will you?TRUMP: Well, I went a step further. You know, the top 25 worst cities in terms of crime, they're all run by Democrats. I mean, virtually every one of them is Democrats. I'm going to work with the Democrats. We're going to rebuild our cities. We're going to rebuild those 25-plus cities. And we're going to make our cities great again.We're also going to make our capital, our capital. Last night, two people were killed again. We have people going in from South Carolina. They want to go and see the Washington Monument or something, anything, and they end up getting shot in Washington, D.C. You know it better than anybody. It's dangerous.I just lost somebody who was killed last week, who was a phenomenal young man. He was -- his car -- he was carjacked and the man shot him. This thug shot him through the head right in front of his wife. His wife was coming out and he was killed almost instantaneously. And a great guy. This should not be in our capital. We will run that with such -- I want to federalize it. I want to take it back. We want to clean it. Fix the roads. The roads have potholes.I just -- I can imagine these leaders coming in from other, you know, the United States, they come in from other countries. They look at roads that are filthy, dirty, with dirt, with paper and cartons and garbage --INGRAHAM: Fentanyl and homelessness, all of it.TRUMP: The homeless, the tents all over the parks. No, we're going to take over Washington, D.C. We're going to federalize. We're going to have very powerful crime. And you're going to be proud of it again. We're going to take the graffiti off the beautiful marble columns --INGRAHAM: Awful.TRUMP: -- the swastikas off the column. And we're going to make it beautiful and safe.INGRAHAM: I hear a lot, this question. I'm asked a lot. That Jill Biden is everywhere. She's campaigning everywhere for Joe Biden than she did in 2020. Will we see more of your secret weapon?TRUMP: Yeah.INGRAHAM: For those of us who know your wife, Melania, will we see more of her this time around, given her ability to speak so many languages, her ability -- she was so wonderful with children and everyone. And I think a lot of people here want to see more of her.TRUMP: They love her. I'll tell you. So -- and you know her. She's a very brilliant person. She speaks many languages, the whole thing. She's done a beautiful job in raising my very tall son. He's very tall, Baron. He's seriously tall, right? But he's a very good athlete, but he's smart. And her life revolves around that boy. It's so important to her.At the same time, it also revolves around our country and the success of our country. She's raised a lot of money for charity. She's a private person. It's funny, she was a very successful model. Very, very successful. And yet she was a private person. She's going to be out a lot, not because she likes doing it, but she likes the result. She wants to see this country really succeed. She loves the country.You know, when I do rallies, I have so many signs. We love our first lady. The people love it. They love the fact that she's not out there so much. You know, a lot of first ladies, we go out, they want to be everywhere. They get angry at their husband because he's not introducing them. If I didn't introduce Melania, she'd be very happy about it. She's just a different kind of a person.And she loves the country. She's going to be out a lot. But she does it for the good of the country, not for her. She's somebody with a lot of confidence. She doesn't need that. You have a lot of people. And I'm not only talking about first ladies, but other politicians' wives. And I see them all the time. And they're constantly out there. And they're waving in front of the husband. You know, they're in front of the husband waving, or vice versa. No, she's going to be out quite a bit. And she loves this country and she wants it great. And she says hello.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: On Monday, we spoke to a group of undecided primary voters in South Carolina, and they all came to our town hall last night to hear from President Trump directly. So, did he say anything to sway their decisions? We find out, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: After hearing what President Trump had to say at our Ingraham Angle Town Hall, did that sway the minds of the undecided voters that we spoke with on Monday?Now, Raymond Arroyo is here, and we brought back the five undecided voters from South Carolina. And on Monday night, Jason, Tracy, Erick, Dakota, and Matt, were all with us. So, did the town hall sway any of you?UNKNOWN: Yeah, I guess that it did.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Tell us how?UNKNOWN: You know, Donald Trump, if I could summarize what he said in one word, it was just strength. He had a way about him that just, you know, demanded attention. And he really sounded like the kind of leader that I would want to vote for.UNKNOWN: He said one line that really stuck with me, Laura, and that's this. My success will be my revenge. That right there is the line I've been wanting to hear from Donald Trump this whole election cycle. Is he running again to get revenge, to pay back? Who do we have to attack? The vendetta? No, it's my policies, my platform, my results, that will be the revenge.ARROYO: Tracy was really concerned about how Donald Trump was going to deport the 10 million aliens he promised to deport. Did he satisfy you with his answer today?UNKNOWN: A little bit. He said we need to get the bad ones out. He said he's going to use law enforcement. But I'm wondering how that's going to go down in states like New York and California or other sanctuaries.INGRAHAM: They don't want to get rid of them there. They don't want to get rid of them in New York. They don't want the migrants in New York.UNKNOWN: That's my point. He won't be able to deport in all cities and all states. In fact, where they need it the most, he'll probably be the least effective.INGRAHAM: Jason, what about you?UNKNOWN: He answered all of my questions about getting the fentanyl and all the drugs out over the border. You know, and I think he'd be great to strengthen the homeless and try to help solve that.ARROYO: And Eric, you were concerned about the tone that Donald Trump has had in the past. Did this allay those fears at all for you?UNKNOWN: Today, he was so likable. Guys, when he walks into a room, he owns the room. It is obvious. Everybody liked him. I couldn't help myself but cheer for him. I'm standing in front of a president, and it's very exciting for me. But at the same time, I just think that he owns the room. Everybody likes him, and it was evident. It's hard to not like President Trump.INGRAHAM: Yeah, Dakota, he didn't, you know, use any, you know, nicknames of Nikki Haley. He kind of went just right over Nikki Haley, didn't spend a lot of time. Was that something that you think would be attractive to younger voters and women voters?UNKNOWN: I think it would. I think a lot of young people kind of see that, and they're a little turned off by that. And I think that what I saw was a very intelligent town hall. I think that he did a great job just sticking to it. And he, you know, he didn't go off and call names. I think that honestly helped them.ARROYO: Wow. So, did this change the way you consider, not only who you're going to vote for, but the president's candidacy here?UNKNOWN: Yes.ARROYO: Yes?UNKNOWN: Yes.INGRAHAM: Matt, did you react, you know, did you think to yourself when I asked the question about humor? Because again, I've known him for a long time, and as I said, I'm not trying to say that I'm cool or anything, but I just happen to know him. And he's super funny.ARROYO: Oh, he's hilarious.INGRAHAM: Right? He's super funny. But I actually got a, I got like a kind of chills when he said, it's not funny what's happening to the country.ARROYO: Yeah.INGRAHAM: And I thought maybe that's just me. But did you feel that too, that that was kind of the right answer?UNKNOWN: That was a very good answer by President Trump, that it's not time to make jokes. We've got a country to save. And for him to -- he could have gone down the 2015, oh, he'll let you keep name calling, making jokes. But he said, I'm concerned about this country, and that's why I'm back on this stage.ARROYO: Why don't we do a show of hands --INGRAHAM: Yeah. If any of you change your votes.UNKNOWN: Yes.UNKNOWN: I was leaning Trump. I'm definitely going to vote Trump now.ARROYO: How about you guys?UNKNOWN: Same.UNKNOWN: Yes.UNKNOWN: I went to both the Nikki Haley town hall, and now the Donald Trump town hall, and I can safely say that I think I'm going to vote for Donald Trump.ARROYO: Matt?UNKNOWN: Well, like you said last night, I was 50-50, you know, kind of riding the line, but Trump really pulled pretty hard today. I really enjoyed just -- we didn't have to talk jokes. Let's just talk policy. And for once, we got that out of Donald Trump today.ARROYO: I think what we've seen here, though, yesterday, at least three of you were very undecided. Donald Trump really flipped this. And now we have a unanimous panel of Trump supporters. Did you expect that's where you'd land --INGRAHAM: Erick.ARROYO: --- Erick?UNKNOWN: Well, when he read that thing about the Eighth Amendment, because my biggest fear also was the legal challenges. And to me, even though it was simplistic, it showed me he had at least a strategy. Like, he has a plan to get out of these troubles.And for me, when he said that he was doing it for America, I believed him. And so therefore, I felt to myself, I owe him that, at least to give that vote to him on that --INGRAHAM: Yeah.UNKNOWN: -- on that reason.INGRAHAM: Matt, when I said to him, you know, you could just say I'm done. Like, I can't -- this is too much. For most human beings, it would be too much. I mean, my heart breaks for him, for what has happened.UNKNOWN: I forget who asked it today, but you could see it in his eyes when he said, I'm not worried about my safety. I'm worried about the safety of this country and its people. That was a very powerful remark by the president.UNKNOWN: I think so, too.UNKNOWN: That was a clever remark.INGRAHAM: That's it for us tonight. Thank you so much for watching. Don't forget, set your DVR, so you always stay connected with us. Follow me on social, X, and, of course, Instagram. Thank you so much for watching again, especially for the town hall. Judge Jeanine Pirro is in for Jesse Watters, next.