NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, indeed, we are focused on the South Carolina primary, et cetera, tomorrow as you indicated, Martha.And, right now, the focus seems to be on the two primary, the two surviving, only candidates in this race. Getting ready to hear from Donald Trump. He is going to be making an address and speaking to supporters in Rock Hill, South Carolina. It's about an hour north of Columbia, I am told -- 50 delegates at stake in this contest, winner-take-all.Nikki Haley says she's going to fight on, no matter what happens tomorrow. Polls show that she's got quite a bit of ground to cover, but anything can happen, and probably will.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto.So let's get right to it right now with Alexandria Hoff in Columbia, what's at stake and how they're planning to spend these next 24 hours -- Alexandria.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Neil.Yes, we're coming at you from a very windy Columbia, South Carolina. And this is just the third, maybe fourth time in two weeks that former President Trump has been here in the state, but we have been talking to voters who tell us that even if he didn't come at all, he still would likely win tomorrow.Meanwhile, Nikki Haley has been crisscrossing the state, hoping to make a dent in Trump's commanding lead. A loss tomorrow would be her first in her home state. The former governor said this afternoon:(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Tomorrow is Election Day.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)HALEY: Anybody can vote in this election as long as they didn't vote in the Democratic primary on February 3. I need you to get out and vote.In a general election, you're given a choice. In a primary election, you make your choice.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOFF: So this is a winner-take-all state with 50 delegates up for grabs.After winning Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, Trump has 63 delegates allocated. Haley has 17.Neither is close to the 1,215 needed to win the nomination, but Trump could quickly get there.South Carolina Senator Tim Scott has been among the former president's surrogates campaigning here in South Carolina. He was asked how much Trump has to win by tomorrow to show that Haley can't compete.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I think a win would be sufficient, but I would expect a 20-point-plus win in the home state where she was the governor and a state representative. If that doesn't send a clear message, I'm not sure what does.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOFF: So, right now, Trump's holding a rally in Rock Hill. That's followed by an event here in Columbia this afternoon.And his remaining opponent, as you mentioned, Neil, has vowed that she's seeing this thing through, arguing that only three states so far have voted, and she feels that voters elsewhere deserve a voice -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Alexandria, thank you very much for that.We will be covering this. Of course, we have knee-deep in all this stuff, the entire network has. I hope you will join me tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time when we look at this all from all facets all angles, and the economic impact of that.I always like the kid we will always have bond market reaction to any contest, just to scare people off. But, in all seriousness, the big, grand kahuna after all of this, of course, is when Bret and Martha get together 7:00 p.m. tomorrow night to sort of take a final look at what happened and where those 50 delegates went.In the meantime, what's at stake and who's at stake. This is as we're learning that Donald Trump was formally ordered by a New York judge a few short minutes ago to pay more than $454 million after being found liable for manipulating his net worth, so says the civil fraud case and the court and attorney general there.Now, what's unusual about this is, it includes the $354.9 million dollar penalty that Justice Erdogan had set, but now adds back interest and all of that. That brings it up to $454 million, obviously making it much more of a Herculean task to raise that, though, some say as collateral against this that he has to put up while he continues this appeal.You are looking right now Rock Hill, South Carolina, where he might just be referring to this and a shifting system that is working against him. It has certainly made him popular within the Republican Party. In a general election, should he be the nominee, anyone's guess how that would fall out.Let's get some thoughts from Daniel Lippman, the Politico White House and Washington reporter. We have Francesca Chambers here from USA Today, the White House correspondent, last, but not least, Lee Carter, GOP pollster.Lee, within the Republican, Party Donald Trump remains a prohibitive and intimidating force, so much so that few in the party buck him or challenge him on pretty much anything. And that is expected to repeat itself in South Carolina.Could you see anything that could disrupt, anything that you're noticing in early numbers might be telling you to say, maybe not so fast?LEE CARTER, REPUBLICAN POLLSTER: No, I think we're going to see him run away in South Carolina, and I don't think we're going to see Nikki Haley go anywhere either.I think she's in it not to win it, but in it to win it in 2028. I think she's really running for the long haul. I think she wants to run and be able to play all this back in 2028 and say, I told you so, if Donald Trump doesn't win, or try to run again in 2028.But I think that we're going to see a clear runaway from the president. It might not be over the 30-point spread that we're seeing in some of the polls, but I think it'll be over 20.CAVUTO: You know, Daniel, I mean, we have done the math on this many, many times. You need 1,215 delegates to get the Republican nomination. Donald Trump now has around 67 delegates I believe, Nikki Haley about 17.Both are still a long way. I understand the momentum argument. I understand the significance of Nikki Haley maybe losing her home state by a lot. But she's indicated that she wants to stick in this race for as long as it takes, at least through Super Tuesday, about, what, 10 days away.What do you make of the back-and-forth on that,whether that's wise for her?DANIEL LIPPMAN, WHITE HOUSE AND WASHINGTON REPORTER, POLITICO: Well, it's almost -- I agree with Lee that she's building that 2028 infrastructure, where she is getting to meet the elected officials in all of these states,reintroduce herself to the voters of South Carolina.But at the same time, it's having the effect of raising her unfavorable numbers with Republicans who think she should get out of the race. I think in -- a number of months ago, it was only 17 percent, her negative approval rating, for Republicans. Now it's up to 36 percent, and according to NBC polls.And so that's -- that -- it could -- she has to figure out those numbers for 2028, because, in 2024, she is facing a Republican Party that is not a country club Republican Party anymore, not filled with lawyers and businessmen, but it's a working-class party. And that is Donald Trump's party.CAVUTO: That might be a very different party, though, four years from now, Francesca, should Donald Trump lose in a general election. I guess he could always run again. I'm getting way ahead of my skis here, but time can change a lot of things.But she's obviously pooh-poohing talk about running for a No Labels candidacy. Some say the sore loser laws on a lot of books in a lot of states would make that impossible, that someone who quits a race at this stage can't all of a sudden reappear on another independent stage. I'm simplifying here.But I take it that is not an option for her or is, and she's just not saying it?FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT, USA TODAY: Well, her campaign today, Neil, saying that they're focused right now on winning the Republican presidential primary and South Carolina tomorrow.And Nikki Haley herself said earlier this week in her Greenville speech that she's not looking ahead to 2028. Right now, she's got her eyes on the prize both in South Carolina and around the rest of the country. But it is an uphill climate, as her campaign admitted themselves today, for her here in South Carolina, where she is behind by 28 points in our polling.And now the South Carolina primary is tomorrow. Now, early voting is already taking place. I have heard from people who early-voted for her, but I'm sitting outside of the Trump campaign headquarters in the North Charleston area. And he's got a lot of supporters who have come out to vote early for him too.CAVUTO: So, Lee, back to the polling -- and you get a good sense of the Republican sentiment among Republican voters. And this notion that Nikki Haley, her negatives are building up among those voters, presumably because she's sticking in this race.I'm not sure the logic of that, but I don't question it. I'm just saying that, are they taking it out on her that she -- that get him coordinated, get him nominated right now. We might think about you down the road. But is it actually hurting her among that base sticking in this race beyond tomorrow?CARTER: I think it's certainly hurting her among the solid Trump supporters.And you know that that floor that Donald Trump has that are going to vote for him no matter what, that are fighting for him as hard as they believe that he's fighting for them, that's about 35 percent. So that's about that unfavorable rating right there.The thing that could happen, right, is, if Donald Trump doesn't win, Nikki Haley could come back and say, we're going to have to reinvent this party and I'm here to fight for you in a different way, and prove that she's a fighter, because what the American people are looking for in this moment, 80 percent of Americans right now say that they want someone to fight for them; 78 percent believe the system is rigged and that there is a two- tiered system of justice.So there's a lot of people out there who want this idea of somebody who's going to fight for them. Right now, Donald Trump represents their best -- their best take at who's going to be the fighter. But by her staying in this race over the long haul here, she's going to be able to say, I fought for you. I told you this was going to happen and we need somebody who's going to be able to win and I'm that person.So I think that's really what she's focused on, whether or not that's what she's saying explicitly.CAVUTO: Yes.Daniel, to that point, she's often referred to as the broken glass candidate. In case something happens to the front-runner, Donald Trump, shatter the glass, she's there, she's the backup, she's the last candidate standing. It isn't a given that the party or the delegates, many of them very loyal to Donald Trump, would welcome that anyway.But what do you make of that whole argument, her as a backup default?LIPPMAN: Well, of course, she's going to say that.But the issue is the timing of courts and our great justice system means that people don't go to jail immediately, that, if Trump gets convicted of a couple cases, if he loses to Jack Smith in the next few months, then he's going to appeal this for a long time and he's not going to be thrown into jail, where you would need to break that glass.CAVUTO: Good point.LIPPMAN: And so if the -- if we're talking about 2028, of course, Republicans need a good nominee who is potentially not behind bars, but November is not that far away, and Trump has millions of dollars to spend on lawyers to keep him out of jail.And so I don't think that the Republican Convention would say, hey, Trump is convicted. I would say, hey, this is a party that embraces his convictions almost as a two-tiered justice system, in their view.CAVUTO: You know, Francesca, for those who are just joining us right now, we're looking at -- this is Rock Hill, South Carolina. Donald Trump is expected to speak there very shortly.And there's been a lot said about his tone and what kind of approach he takes to Nikki Haley still being in the race. He's not too pleased that she still is. He can get pretty explicit about it, some argue pretty mean about it. Others commend him for constantly mentioning.But it's his tone and tenor. And he often sort of goes free thought on a lot of this. What do you expect to hear from him to close the deal? What do you think the party expects to hear from him, the folks in that room expect to hear from him?CHAMBERS: Well, most certainly, he will push people out to vote in South Carolina's primary tomorrow. They just heard from his son Donald Trump Jr. giving the same message, that basically telling voters not to become apathetic because he is so far up and then not show up to vote for -- themselves in the South Carolina primary.And it's notable that Trump, this is his first rally that he's done here this week. He did do that town hall with FOX News in Greenville earlier in the week. But his first rally in South Carolina prior to this was Valentine's Day last week. So he's already looking ahead, his campaign says, to the battleground states.He hosted a rally in Michigan over the weekend, while Haley does crisscross the state and really try to reintroduce herself to voters and try to turn out maybe some of those retirees who've moved to the state since she was governor and who might not have been as familiar with her record. She has to win over all of them as well.CAVUTO: All right, we will be waiting, any minute now, the former president.Guys, I want to thank you.In the meantime. I want to draw your attention to the corner of Wall and Broad today. Two market averages hit records yet again, the Dow and the S&P 500. The Nasdaq did not. It had gotten very close. It was well into record territory for a good chunk of the day. On the week, all the averages advanced.The big story again today, Nvidia, even though it had been up in excess of 10 percent, it finished up by about three bucks or so, I believe, just under $789 a share. But the fact of the matter, this stock has continued to defy expectations here, on the week up 9 percent. And some people are saying it's just a matter of time before it hits $1,000.Again, it has sort of legitimized and given street cred to artificial intelligence, as I was saying yesterday, and all the companies heavily involved in that. Other beneficiaries have included the very folks who are buying a lot of those chips from this company. And they include the likes of Microsoft and Amazon. And we can go on and on about Alphabet and Meta platforms.But, for Nvidia, it's been north we go.Now to Congressman Chip Roy of Texas.I'm not asking him to comment on the markets, although he's quite good at that too. But I did want to get its take on, politically, where things stand.Congressman, Donald Trump was not your candidate when the race started. He's looking increasingly like the candidate now. Nikki Haley is in this race for the long haul, she says. What do you say?REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Well, Neil, great to be on.I mean, look, what's clear is that the nation is hungry for leadership. And I think that former President Trump has started to lean into that. You heard the other day he used the phrase when somebody asked him about -- quote -- "vengeance," he said, look, I'm going to get revenge by what I'm able to do, right, or something along those lines.Success is going to be...CAVUTO: Success. That's what it is, success.ROY: And...CAVUTO: Do you believe that?ROY: Yes. Well, I think so.CAVUTO: OK.ROY: Like -- like, I think that if the former president can reinvigorate the base by showing up with what he did in 2016, right, taking on Washington, draining the swamp, building the wall, that's the President Trump that the American people want to see, because they're tired of what they're seeing out of Washington.And, look, I -- you know me. I will point and point in both directions, on the other side of the aisle, radical progressive Democrats who want to remake America, wide-open borders, the Biden administration, what they're doing, inflation, spending, all of the things that they're doing, their woke agenda.Meanwhile, Republicans come in and they say they're going to change things, and they don't. Right now, Republicans are holding the golden ticket in their hand, that if we will just pass a C.R. for the remainder of the year, we can trigger a 10 percent cut to nondefense discretionary spending.You know and I know we are now spending more in interest than we are on the national defense. In two years, in 2026, we will crack $1 trillion in interest. Think about that. I mean, Neil, I mean, you do markets. Can this country sustain that level of debt piling up?And Republicans always run on this, but we don't deliver. And right now, we literally have in our hand, because of the hard work we did last year putting caps in place, the caps will trigger a 10 percent cut to that massive bureaucracy that Biden has been siccing on the American people, the very bureaucracy that President Trump rightfully is starting to run against.So, Republicans should set the stage for the president. We should put that continuing resolution in place, trigger the caps. Then we can debate Ukraine and the border and Israel. We can debate defense supplemental spending. But let's just do our job. Let's trigger the caps, reduce nondefense spending.Let's set the stage for President Trump. President Trump can run on it.CAVUTO: But when you trigger the caps, Congressman -- I'm sorry, sir.ROY: Yes.CAVUTO: When you trigger the caps, other people say you're going to trigger a shutdown, that that's inevitable, that the support for there -- for this just isn't there. And it's going to lead at least to a temporary shutdown. What do you say?ROY: Well, what I would say that is, those caps that we just described, those are in law, a law that was passed by bipartisan majorities in both the House and the Senate.Now, I voted against them because I didn't think they were vigorous enough. I thought we should lower caps -- lower caps, cut more.CAVUTO: Right.ROY: But you know what? They're law.So, what is it exactly? Joe Biden signed the law. You know what? And my Democrat colleagues supported it. So what are they going to say? If we Republicans would send that across to the Senate, I would love to see what Chuck Schumer and Joe Biden would say. We could reclaim the mantle of fiscal responsibility.We could help markets by saying we're going to be actually responsible about what we're doing. We could stop having a bureaucracy that gets funded, because guess what? If Republicans vote for all that stuff, they're going to be funding the LNG bans. They're going to be funding the attacks on our gas stoves in New York.They're going to be funding all of the E.V. mandates that are going to cripple our economy and make the cars more expensive. They're going to fund the open borders that Mayorkas is siccing on the American people. So let's not do that. Let's restrain that bureaucracy.And I think that will be better for markets, better for Trump, better for Americans, better for prosperity. We just need Republicans to lead.CAVUTO: But Republicans are not leading. And no offense to you, sir.ROY: Yes.CAVUTO: I mean, you guys look like the Keystone Cops. You can't agree on anything.ROY: Yes.CAVUTO: And there's -- now everyone wants the speaker's head. I don't know where you stand on that.But to add insult to injury, then, the president comes out to say, on the border, he's got some ideas ahead of the State of the Union address where he might take executive actions, executive orders, maybe undoing some of the ones that he signed the day he became president.Now, some of your colleagues are going after him and say, you can't do that, even though they said you have the power to do this. So he is going to do this. It's confusing because he said he wasn't going to do it. I'm just wondering, is he getting the better of you on the P.R. front?Not that should matter, but it seems to matter.ROY: Well, of course he's going to head into election season and try to constrain the numbers. But it's all going to be a fiction.What he will do is move numbers through the One app and through the abuse of parole authority at the ports of entry.CAVUTO: Right.ROY: You know Bill Melugin. Yes, you have done reporting on your show and others.Bill's been all over this about what they're actually doing at the border. And so he will come in with some orders. He will move the numbers around, so that there aren't big groups of people sitting down in Eagle Pass or Del Rio, or he will drop the numbers down in California.But, meanwhile, they will keep running a whole lot of people through the ports of entry. Yesterday, Bill Melugin reported -- and you probably know this -- that of the 330,000 Venezuelans that have been apprehended, 200,000 were then apprehended by Border Patrol once they were in and across the line.Only 800 and something like 91 have actually been returned. They're using - - 130,000 those came through the ports of entry through the parole app. That's the problem. This is all purposeful. Biden is doing it on purpose. Now he's going to try to message against it.Republicans need to hold the line. The only way to do that is to keep shining the light on the problem and demand that we secure the border through the actual policy changes that need to be adopted. We know what they are, and we need to force his hand on it and not let him somehow change the message.We're winning that message. The people overwhelmingly blame Biden for the border. The polls all show that, and that's one of the reasons why President Trump is ginning up more support.CAVUTO: But do you feel that if the president -- I understand what you're saying, sir.But do you feel that the president is doing this because he knows he's got the shorter end of the stick in who the public blames for what's happening at the border, but that you had a chance and a plan?And it wasn't a perfect plan, but a border plan, that he turns around, the president turns around, apparently echoed this with some 34 or 35 governors who are meeting at the White House with him, that you had your chance to work on a plan that might have done something. Wasn't perfect. Both sides had their problems and doubts.But you botched it. You let it slip through the cracks, some saying you kowtowed to Donald Trump, who didn't want that to happen because this issue is a big election issue, and he didn't want it to hurt. Do you think that went too far? Do you think Donald Trump hurt you in this regard?ROY: Well, let's be perfectly clear. None of the conversations I had with conservatives on Capitol Hill had anything to do with whether or not President Trump thought this was important to stay alive politically.Now, let's be clear. Is anybody going to accuse me of kowtowing to President Trump?CAVUTO: Well, not many of them challenged -- not many of them challenged Donald Trump on this, Congressman.Now, you -- to be fair to you, and you have the bruises to prove it, you have taken on the former president on a variety of issues. But it seems like everyone in your party just is afraid to say boo to the guy. They either suck up to the guy. You don't want to challenge the guy.ROY: Yes, but the fact is...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: He didn't like it. He didn't like it. He made it clear he didn't like it, right?ROY: Well, Neil, but he didn't like it because it's a bad bill.Neil, look, that bill, it's not about it being perfect. The president, the current president, President Biden, opens up our borders, endangers the American people, floods the zone with fentanyl, empowers cartels. People die. We had 10,000 a day in December. They come in and say, oh, don't worry, we will let you have 5,000 a day.And we're going to make permanent mass migration policies that we have adopted. And we're going to say thank you. We're going to tell you to say thank you. That wasn't a good bill. President Trump was right to say that was a bad bill.I will gladly applaud President Trump when he's correct. He was 100 percent correct on this. It's not about politics. It's about doing the right thing. We couldn't cement bad policy. The current president could actually secure the border if he wanted to.(CROSSTALK)ROY: ... from Congress.CAVUTO: Well, right now, we don't have any -- but, sir, we don't have any policy right now.I absolutely see what you're saying.ROY: Yes.CAVUTO: And you're a man of great integrity. I know where you're coming from.But the fact of the matter is, there is no policy right now. There's nothing right now. This was at least something. Shaky and holes in it though it might have...ROY: Well, Neil -- Neil...CAVUTO: ... it was something.And couldn't that have provided the wind at Donald Trump's back, should he become the nominee and get back in the White House, that we could start seeing that improvement, and then he can do some of the other things you want him to do?ROY: No, the wind at the back of President Trump in his path to getting back in the White House is standing up and fighting for the American people to get the policies we actually need.Look, you just said, oh, well, Biden, we have no policy. This is because he doesn't care about the law. Just yesterday, he stood up at the microphone and he said, the Supreme Court said I couldn't bail out student loans. I did it anyway, because he doesn't care about the law, Neil. You know that.My wife is still paying her student loans. Yet he yesterday said, I'm going to pay these off. I don't care about you truckers or you people, blue- collar workers who never took out student loans, or all of you who paid your student loans back. I'm going to defy the Supreme Court. I'm going to take money. I'm going to pay off student loans, and I'm going to do it just because I can.That's what he's doing with the border. He's flooding the zone. He is making it to where our borders are wide open because he sees that as electorally beneficial for him and Democrats. He's trying to transform our country, and he thinks he can get away with it by clamping down an election season the border.We're trying to stand up for policies and changes that will actually secure it.CAVUTO: But, Congressman, isn't that a little inconsistent? You're raise - - but isn't that a little inconsistent?Because you're saying he shouldn't go ahead by an executive fiat and authority start forgiving loans.ROY: Sure.CAVUTO: But many in your party, I don't know about you, Congressman, so forgive my ignorance, are saying, when it comes to executive action, you should take plenty of such actions when it comes to the border, because you undid a lot of stuff that Donald Trump did.You can't have it both ways.ROY: Because the law -- but, Neil, because the law actually requires him to do that.The Supreme Court and, frankly, existing law says you can't go just forgive these loans, but law requires him to maintain operational control of the border. The law requires him to...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But the law says nothing about him doing what he's doing on the border. The law says nothing about what he's doing on the border either.ROY: Sure, it does. Neil, it does.CAVUTO: So, I'm just thinking, for consistency's sake.ROY: Neil, Neil, no, no, no.CAVUTO: Well, he's -- but he's going to undo the things that -- well look, he's undoing a lot of the stuff that he did early on that you demanded, right?ROY: Sure.CAVUTO: It's not perfect. So, which way is it?ROY: Neil -- Neil, the parole policy -- the parole policy that Bill Melugin is reporting on right now for FOX, that parole policy is an abuse of the law, which says it should be case by case.CAVUTO: OK.ROY: The asylum policy, it's abuse of the law. He's doing that on purpose.He overturned remain-in-Mexico and all of those executive orders by former President Trump. He has the power to fix that right now under the law. He could follow existing law, maintain operational control of the border, tighten parole down, tighten asylum down, and he could stop the flow.Now, we need better laws so that we can stop a future President Biden. We need better laws to help a President Trump do it the right way. But at the end of the day, this is a president who doesn't care about the law. He didn't care about it on student loans. He doesn't care about on this. He's ignoring the law because he wants to advance a radical progressive agenda for the Democrats, because radical progressive Democrats want to remake America.That's what's happening. And we're trying to push back on it. But I don't think Republicans are doing enough, so we should start next week.CAVUTO: Right.ROY: Let's do the C.R. Let's trigger the caps. Let's restrain the bureaucracy. Let's help Donald Trump in the election season by doing that.CAVUTO: Do you think Donald Trump cared about the law or cares about the law?ROY: You know, I do.And, look, I obviously disagreed on the electors in January of 2021. But I do think that the president believes that we ought to follow the law. I think the United States of America is built on the rule of law. But we also need to -- we need to save our country.And our country is hanging on by a thread. It really is, Neil. If we keep spending the way we're spending, we're not going to have a country left to stand next to Israel or Ukraine. If we keep allowing our borders to be open, we won't have the rule of law. We won't have a country that we can actually have stand next to Ukraine or Israel or anyone else.If we don't stand up and have a strong military, instead of it being woke and ill-defined, and we're in endless wars and conflicts, rather than a strong military, peace through strength, we're not going to have a country that can stand up to China, stand alongside Ukraine.I think the former president gets that. I think the former president wants to stand alongside the hardworking, blue-collar American family that's getting steamrolled by corporate cronyism and by a government run by Republicans who haven't caught up.And I think Republicans need to actually do the job that they were sent there to do, limit spending, get our energy freedom back, fight for us to secure the border, instead of just backing away and saying, you know what, we're going to shrug our shoulders and say, sorry, we don't have the Senate and the White House.We should actually fight for the people that sent us there.CAVUTO: I guess -- and I mean no offense to you, Congressman.ROY: Yes.CAVUTO: But this advice on the part of Republicans talking about getting spending under control would be like me telling someone to eat a salad. Probably not a good idea, right?So, I'm just telling people, when debt under the prior president grew by $8 trillion...ROY: I know.CAVUTO: Now, half of that, to be fair, was COVID-related, but it was still huge. It was huge, right?So, when he comes out or Republicans come out and say, we will show you how to do this right, are they the ones to say we will show you how to do this right...ROY: Neil...CAVUTO: ... any more than me telling you to get on the Life cycle.ROY: Well, Neil, that's funny.And, look, you know I agree with that point, right? It's one of the reasons -- when I was campaigning for Governor DeSantis, one of my main criticisms was that the former president shut the economy down and we racked up $8 trillion of debt.However, it doesn't change the principle. And Republicans could actually reclaim the mantle of fiscal responsibility. We spent all last year.CAVUTO: All right.ROY: We fought. We got caps. We fought. We passed appropriations bills. Chuck Schumer refuses to pass them.We can right now trigger the caps, constrain spending, set the table for a real conversation about the debt that we're amassing. I think Republicans can reclaim that mantle and we should.CAVUTO: All right.Thank you very much, Chip Roy. Sorry to go on and on with you, but I enjoy going on and on with you. You're a class act.We are watching and waiting for the president of the United States, the former one who wants to be the next one. Right now, the South Carolina governor is talking on his behalf. We're going to go to that. Take a quick break first, right, guys, and then come right back to this.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, want to take you right now to Rock Hill, South Carolina. Donald Trump is about to address some enthusiastic fans there as he gets ready for the big primary tomorrow.Some polls have him up by as much as 30 points. He hopes to keep the momentum going and try to push Nikki Haley out of this race. She says she's in it for the long haul, or that will at least include Super Tuesday on March 5, about 10 days from now.The former president.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)(MUSIC)CAVUTO: All right, I thought he was at the podium. I'm sorry, guys. It looks like he's making his way to the podium right now.Fifty delegates at stake in the Palmetto State. The winner takes all. He is polling well enough to be looking at those, and that would put him over 100 delegates in the quest the 1,215 you need to be the Republican nominee for president.Donald Trump in South Carolina.(MUSIC)(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Wow. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. Thank you. And there are a lot of people outside that can't get in, but would anybody like to give up their space?AUDIENCE: No!TRUMP: I was going to say, see, there are too many seats here. We have a full house times maybe three, because outside you have another couple of houses full of people. We love them. And we're providing audio for them outside. But I think you have a better location, in all fairness.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Hello, South Carolina, I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible, beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking, God-fearing American patriots.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: That's what you are, American patriots.The last time I was in this arena was a time, very good time in a sense. The country wasn't doing well, by the way. Compared to today, it was doing great.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: You know, we had a border problem, but that was like a peanut. We solved that problem pretty quickly. That was like a peanut problem.Remember, I came out, I said, the border, they're having problems, they have got rapists, they have got thugs, they have got this, and everybody said, what horrible things. We were right about that one too.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: What we said was nothing by comparison to the fact, but what we have now is a total disaster. This is far, far worse.And we solved that border problem. We solved that border problem. And, in 2020, where we got millions more votes, by the way, just for those that are interested.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: But we solved that border problem.And I said, let's talk about the border. They said, sir, nobody cares about the border because you have solved the problem. I said, no, don't they want to listen? I talked about the border. Nobody cared about the border because we solved the problem.But we were in here at the beginning of 2016 in the same arena, in January of 2016. Think of that. And so I guess it's a lucky arena, and we're going to see if it's lucky or not.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: We're going to see if it's lucky or not.Because they steal and they cheat and they do a lot of bad things, but we're going to win this. We're going to win it bigger than ever before. There's never been a more important time.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Tomorrow, you will cast one of the most important votes of your entire life.And, honestly, we're not very worried about tomorrow. We want to aim toward a time called November 5. That's what we need, November 5.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Got to beat crooked Joe Biden, if it's going to be him. I don't know if he's going to make it to the starting gate(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: I don't know about that, Henry. Is he going to make it to the starting -- Henry would know.Has he been a great governor, by the way? He's been great.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: That was a big part of the equation. I said I'm going to move her out, make him governor. I like that. And I did you a big favor.But we're going to have a gigantic victory here in South Carolina. We're going to show crooked Joe Biden and the radical left Democrats that we are coming like a freight train in November.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Right?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Nikki Haley is relying on Democrats and liberals.(BOOING)TRUMP: You know, Democrats are financing her campaign.(BOOING)TRUMP: Crazy. It's called the crazy world of politics.No, the Democrats are financing her campaign. One of her biggest supporters is a radical left Democrat who made some money with the Internet, a very bad guy, actually. But he's a Democrat. And those are the ones putting up money, because they damage us.The biggest supporters -- you see Scott right now -- are the Biden supporters, the Biden bundlers, the Biden cheaters. They're the ones that are doing it for Nikki.(BOOING)TRUMP: So, if you don't want the ultra left to meddle in this primary -- and I think they're going to try and end it. Who the hell wants Democrats voting in a Republican primary? What is that about? What is that about?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Don't worry. You're going to swamp them. You're going to swamp them.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: It's important that we do. By the way, it is. It's important. We're going to do great tomorrow, but it's really important you get out and vote, because we want to send a signal to the real -- the real hard-line people, the people that are destroying our country.Joe Biden, we're going to send them a signal that we're coming. We're going to send them a big -- so, get out tomorrow. If you don't feel well, don't worry about it. Get up, get out. If your husband's not feeling good, darling, I'm just not -- just get him out of bed. Don't worry about him. He will be OK.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Get out and vote.Tomorrow, we're going to win this state, and then we're going to tell crooked Joe Biden, you're fired. Get out of here. You're fired.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!TRUMP: You know, it's amazing. There is more spirit now than at any time anyone has ever seen in any campaign. We're nine months away. It's not like, gee, we're going to vote tomorrow. Tomorrow is your big day. You're going to vote in a primary tomorrow. But the big day is November 5.Nobody has ever seen spirit like this. This is like -- for some people...(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Think of it. Nobody would have a crowd like this anyway, even if it was the day before the election.But this is like the day before the election stuff. The saddest thing is, we have nine months to go, and the kind of stupidity and destruction that they have and can cause is just mind-boggling. So we have to just hope that this time flies, because we have to take over. They're going to destroy this country. We're going to end up in a world war.We will end up in World War III. They will destroy our country. We have to get out. We have to win. Under the Trump administration, you were better off. Your family was better off. Your neighbors were better off. Your communities were better off.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And our country was far, far, far better off. That's for sure.America was stronger and tougher and richer and safer and more confident. Think of it. We have lost our confidence as a country. How about that? You know, I have said that in a lot of speeches. We have lost our confidence. What a horrible thing to attribute to our country that we have lost our confidence, and we will.We have no leadership. We're not respected any place in the world. But I'm more confident than ever that we will soon be sitting behind that beautiful Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, and we will bring it back quickly.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Because, together, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. It was the greatest economy in history. Nobody's ever seen anything like it, with the biggest tax cuts ever recorded, bigger than the Ronald Reagan.And we like Ronald Reagan, but we beat him out on the tax cuts. The biggest regulation cuts, the record energy production like never before, and rising wages for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Never did so well. We never did so well.Under crooked Joe Biden, it's been three straight years of total economic warfare and welfare and stagnation on working American families. Think of it. They had essentially 39 percent increase in inflation, 39.So think of this. No matter how well you did, you didn't do that well. That means you fell behind the eight ball, because the inflation that he caused primarily because of his stupid energy policies, windmills all over the place. Let's put up windmills all over. Let's do -- windmills, it's the most expensive energy anywhere in the world.You can't do more expensive than wind, aside from the fact that they kill - - they kill the birds, they kill everything around them. It's the green new scam. It's part of the green new scam. But they had, think of it, a three- year inflation rate essentially at about 39, if you include everything.They like to say, well, we're not including food, minor things like rent, food, energy. Under my leadership, you had virtually no inflation. Under crooked Joe, you had energy prices reached the highest level in history, the history of anywhere. That's a good idea. What -- we will be here for a while. Let's just enjoy it.Sit down wherever you can. Whoever has a seat, sit down. That's -- I'm very honored. Don't worry, you will be standing up soon. You will be standing.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Speaking of standing up, behind me, I just see them. These are incredible women. I don't know about the husbands. I don't know what's on with the husbands, because...(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: So, this is like -- I think it's about the 115th time, and they come from -- they come from a place that's not too far away.You do like North Carolina, right?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: They come from North Carolina. So it's -- they travel to Texas, California. Oh, there they are. There's some more over here. There's a husband. Finally, I see a husband.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: But these women are unbelievable. They love our country, and at least for this one they didn't have to travel very far. So that's very nice.And then over here we have front-row Joes. I think it's 125. I don't know what they do. I know they're rich. But I don't know what they do. But we love all of you. You're great American patriots. Thank you.And, by the way, the Vietnamese delegation, I don't know what it is about Vietnam, but they do like me. Thank you very much. Thank you.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And we like them. Thank you.They travel me -- they travel with me all over. I must be too soft on Vietnam, because you like me too much.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: You like me too much.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Freedom!TRUMP: Thank you. I agree. They want freedom. That's right.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Under Biden, gas prices have reached $5, $6, and even $7 a gallon. In some places in California, they have gone up to $8 and $9.Three years ago, under my leadership, we had energy independence. And we were soon going to have energy dominance. All over the world, we're going to be dominant. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country. Think of it. And we don't know what we're doing with it.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: I had gas prices at $1.87 a gallon. Wouldn't that be nice?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Thanks to Bidenomics, the three-year mortgage rate has hit a 22- year high, with the average mortgage payment at a brutal $3,322 a month. Nobody's ever had -- they have never had numbers like that.When I was president, the average monthly mortgage rate was nearly 50 percent less. In fact, we had numbers at 2 percent. We had a period of time at 2 percent, and it never veered much from that. You were saving $19,000 a year on your mortgage.And while crooked Joe likes to brag about the stock market, the stock market is up just a small percentage after you deduct and adjust for inflation, which is setting records, what we're doing with inflation. And, by the way, after the election -- and we can't say this because much bigger problems -- our country will be destroyed if we don't win this election.But if perchance they won, you will see numbers on energy the likes of which you have never seen before. They are doing -- they're pumping it as much as they can under the Trump. They're saying keep it going, let them keep going. If this election ended as a failed election or a rigged election -- and I say the only way it can end where they win is a rigged election, because what they did in 2020 is disgraceful.And look -- and look what happened. Look what happened to our country. You have wars that never would have taken place. Russia would have never attacked Ukraine. Israel would have never been attacked. You wouldn't have had inflation. It was all caused by the energy.But, by contrast, under my leadership, the stock market was up by an astounding 62 percent with inflation, almost at zero, 62 percent. With your vote, we will vanquish Bidenomics, which is a very negative term. He heard the term, he loved it. Oh, that's good.No, that's a really bad term. It didn't work.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: And we will reinstate MAGAnomics, that's right, MAGAnomics.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: you guessed it. And we will bring our country back from hell.Our country has been through hell. When you think about what happened in Afghanistan, all the things that took place, it's -- our country's been through hell. We're laughed at all over the world. Crooked Joe is now pushing a $6 trillion tax hike, $6 trillion.This will be the largest tax hike in the history of our country, maybe in the history of the world, I guess. And if he wins, that's what's in store for the hardworking people of South Carolina, a wonderful state that we work so closely with Henry and everybody. And we had it to a level that it's never seen before.And now it's never going to be quite like that. It can't be. But it's just going off. The stock market is up. Many people, some of the smartest people in the market say it's up because we're leading Biden in the polls by so much, and they expect that we're going to win. If we lose, you're going to have a crash like you wouldn't believe.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: If we lose, that's an incentive, if you have stock. If we have a tragedy happen on November 5, it would be a tragedy.In the opinion of many, and in my opinion, you will have the largest stock market crash we have ever had, because a lot of the stock market -- because the only thing that's doing well is the stock market, and it's doing well because the polls are all showing that we're winning by a lot. So we got to make sure we win.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And if we win, you're all getting the biggest tax cuts, because we're doing additional cuts and a brand-new Trump economic boom, a boom like you have never seen before, not even in our great four years.When I was president, we slashed taxes for working families. We doubled the child tax credit, not a very Republican thing to do, but I said, let's do it anyway. That was something that we wanted to do, and people are very happy about it. The mothers, the families, they're very happy. We did something that we really felt we should do.And we supported moms and dads by dramatically expanding education savings accounts, which is a big deal. Use them. Under my leadership, the Republican Party will always support the creation of strong, thriving, healthy American families. We're supporting America first, a little thing called America first.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: We want to make it easier for mothers and fathers to have babies, not harder. You know that.That includes -- and you saw this. It was a big deal over the last few days. That includes supporting the availability of fertility treatments like IVF in every state in America. You have been seeing -- you have been seeing Alabama.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: It's been a big story.Like the overwhelming majority of Americans, including the vast majority of Republican conservatives, Christians, and pro-life Americans, I strongly support the availability of IVF for couples who are trying to have a precious little beautiful baby.I support it.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And, today, I'm calling on the Alabama legislature to act quickly to find an immediate solution to preserve the availability of IVF in Alabama, and I'm sure they're going to do that.The Republican Party should always be on the side of the miracle of life and the side of mothers and fathers and beautiful little babies.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: You have to be on that side.IVF is an important part of that, and our great Republican Party will always be with you. We're always going to be with you in your quest to find that ultimate joy in life. The ultimate joy in life is a beautiful, healthy, wonderful baby. So we are with you. And I wanted you to know that.And a lot of Republicans call me. I put that message out on a thing called TRUTH Social. Has anybody been tuning in lately?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: It's hot. TRUTH Social is hot.But we put it out a little while ago, and a lot of people called up. A lot of politicians called up. Thank you, sir. Thank you. And that's the way we feel. So we're going to be with you all the way, and you're going to see things. We want to help. I mean, it's a very big subject, frankly, very complicated and very big, but we're with you all the way.And I think there are a lot of happy people in this room. Most of you know exactly what I'm talking about. But thank you very much.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Most of exactly what I'm talking about.Crooked Joe Biden is not the only massive tax hiker in this race. You also have a person. Oh, she's so bad. She said, I will never run against our president. He has been a great president. He is one of the greatest presidents ever. I will never run. I promise you. I will never, ever run.Three years later -- how about that? Three years later, he goes -- she goes, ladies and gentlemen, I have decided to run. Oh, what happened? Do you ever see the clips? We have about 12 clips. I will never run against our president. He is one of the greatest presidents ever.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Birdbrain!TRUMP: A little bit later -- no, no, don't use the name birdbrain. That's not her. Please. Please, madam. Please, madam, don't use the name birdbrain.No, we got to win this. We have to win big. We have to show -- again, supported by the Democrats, supported and funded by the Democrats. Republicans aren't supporting her. They don't like her. And they don't like her policies. She's essentially a Democrat. I think she should probably switch parties, you know?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Probably, she should switch parties.But you have a Nikki Haley who tried to double your gas tax here in South Carolina. Remember, she said that's not true. But then we put up clips.(BOOING)TRUMP: We put up clips. No, she tried very hard. And she also supports a 23 percent national sales tax, which basically equals election death. You know what that is, right? You can't get elected when this stuff comes out.And you think they treat me bad. And they do. They're horrible people. These people are sick. They're sick. I have been indicted more than Alphonse Capone, the great guy. It's true.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: I got indicted. My parents are looking down. They're saying, I never thought this could happen to my son. He's been indicted. I didn't know what the hell the word indict.And it all took place instantly. If I fly over a blue state, the next day, I get a federal grand jury notice. Please recall.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And they indicted me on bullshit. It's all bullshit.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Bullshit.But, remember, if any other person were in this position, they'd be treated the same way as they're treating me. I don't think that's harshly -- I think they truly hate me more than anybody that's ever lived. It's all because we won an election, 2016, that we weren't expected to win.Now, I expected to win it. All of you expected. We'd go to rallies. We would have 50,000, 52,000, 68,000, 101,000. We had a rally. And they'd go to rally and they'd have like -- like, in the case of Biden, he'd have eight circles, beautiful little circles.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: And they'd have to use the media to stand in them, because they had no people.And then you hear, oh, they won just by a little bit. They just ounced us out. No, that's a crooked -- it's a crooked deal. But Nikki Haley, if she were ever in this position, they'd go after her. I could tell you about five reasons right now, but I don't want to get myself in trouble. They will say, he's so mean. He's so mean.Oh, there are some reasons. I think everybody in your state knows some beautiful reasons. They would go after her the same way they go after me. That's what they do, because they're basically a party of misinformation, disinformation. They lie, lie, lie, and they say it, like Russia, Russia, Russia.Took me 2.5 years to get that one off my back. That was that was a real crooked deal. They used that as an excuse. Why beautiful Hillary -- I call her beautiful, because I have taken the name crooked Hillary off. I have given it to Biden.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: Because I had sleepy -- I had sleepy Joe Biden. I have crooked Joe Biden. I think crooked Joe is more accurate, yes?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Although sleepy is -- sleepy is pretty good.Nikki Haley is not in this race to fight for you. She's in the bidding for big donors, or maybe she wants to get a contract from CNN. You know, they - - do you see their ratings? Oh, they're go the CNN cameras off.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: What did I do?(BOOING)TRUMP: Ah, I shouldn't have done that. The light just went off. They knew what was coming, right, Tim? They knew I was coming. No, they have the worst ratings they have ever had. The thing is dying.You know why? Because they're not truthful. They're not truthful. They're really -- by the way, did Tim Scott make a great speech, huh?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Your senator.I don't know if he likes it when I say this, but it's so -- meant as such a compliment, because he's such a fine man. He ran. And he ran OK. He was OK. He was OK. He's a respected guy, but he ran, and he did fine. And then, when he got out, he endorsed me. And he's a surrogate. He's the greatest surrogate I have ever seen.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: This guy went from modest high-quality man, introducing his mother, who's incredible, by the way.But I said, Tim, Tim -- I said -- I called him up. He took everybody. He had like five of the worst human beings interviewing him trying to hit me. He said, Donald Trump did this. He did that. He did criminal justice reform. He did the -- and by the time he finished with them, they just wanted to get off the set.And I said, he's a much better representative for me than he is a representative for himself. And it's true. And that's a great compliment. And you know why? Because he's a high-quality person. He doesn't like talking about himself.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: It's true. It's true.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: I love that.I came into an arena three weeks ago, big arena. We won in Iowa in a record. Nikki -- this guy -- Nikki, she loses to Biden in virtually every poll. She has one poll that's so old now that paper is turning -- and nobody ever heard of the poll. She loses to Biden, like, in all the polls. But forget that.This guy, I want to get -- he's far more interesting. So we won Iowa in a landslide, in a record the likes of which has never been seen. In fact, we took the record, and they doubled it. We won by that margin. We then went to New Hampshire. We got more votes than anybody in the history of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire primaries, which they have been around a long time.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And I heard Nikki today said, I lost two. No, she lost four, because she lost the Virgin Islands, which she tried like hell to get. We won that too. A lot of people don't know that.But then we went to Nevada.CAVUTO: All right, we're continuing, monitoring the president's remarks.And I mean no offense to him, or some of you might want to continue to hear him, but I did have to say that, even though the former president is entitled to his opinions, he's not entitled to his own set of facts.The market has indeed been going up, but having nothing to do with him and everything to do with this aggressive cut in interest rates, or just a hike in interest rates, and stabilized inflation, and, of course, the whole artificial intelligence phenomenon that has benefited Nvidia and a host of companies that are making money hand over fist.So that -- whether you want to give Biden credit for that, it has nothing to do with Donald Trump. Furthermore, he mentioned about gas prices out of whack, $6 a gallon. The national average right now is $3.26 a gallon.He went on to talk about the 2020 election and how that was rigged. This has been adjudicated many, many times, dozens of times. It's been investigated by everyone and his uncle, no fewer than 44 investigations launched, some of them by judges that were picked by Donald Trump himself that found no evidence of that in the seven battleground states where most of them were focused.Donald Trump lost each and every one of those states. And no facts or no history that he mentions on the stump right now will change that. He lost. He is trying to win back that office. And we will continue monitoring this.But, for now, here comes "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.