BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: She's got curlers, and it's OK. We'll see you tonight for special coverage. Fair, balanced, and unafraid.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. The first set of polls just closing in New Hampshire. Of course, President Trump looking to deliver a knockout blow to Nikki Haley and take full control of the GOP nomination. But Haley says no matter what happens tonight, she's in it for the long haul. We're just minutes away from getting the first results. Plus, my Angle on what's at stake in moments. But first, tonight, we have reporters at the Trump and Haley headquarters. So, let's go right to Alexis McAdams who's standing by at Trump's watch party. Alexis, what are you hearing?ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Laura. Well, we were able to check in with the former president today on the ground in New Hampshire as he stopped at a polling location. And to put it quite simply, he is feeling very confident, he thinks he has it in the bag here in New Hampshire. He thinks the Granite State is on board. Why? Because he believes they like his border policies. And that's something that we've been talking to with voters, Laura, what do they care about, the border and the economy here really hitting home on immigration in this state.And Fox has also been talking to voters on the ground who say those are their top issues, and that's what's pushing them to the polls. How confident is President Trump, Laura? Well, he said he's already looking right at vice presidential picks. Many of those people could be here in the room tonight, like Vivek Ramaswamy, who I just saw walked by, and some other people who could be here in just a short time. So, to say the mood is upbeat would be an understatement here, as we'll have to see as those votes continue to come in and how things play out here in the Granite State, Laura.INGRAHAM: All right, Alexis, we'll check back with you. Thanks so much. Next let's go to Nikki Haley's headquarters, where Bryan Llenas is on location. Bryan, what are you hearing from the Haley camp about a number that they hope to hit or a threshold that they hope to hit tonight?BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, it's a good question. I've been trying to get them to confirm the reporting out there that they're trying to hit a 47 percent number with independents. That's not a number we've been able to confirm with the campaign. But the reality is, Laura, is that they are looking for strong voter turnout. And it appears they are getting that. The secretary of state's office tells me that they're very confident that there was very strong voter turnout today, it doesn't reach the estimated 322,000 with about 100,000 independent voters.We'll see, we'll find out shortly. But the Nikki Haley campaign knows that they need those independent voters to swing heavily their way to offset any of the gains that former President Trump is going to make among registered Republicans in this state. And you know, Laura, we've been in New Hampshire for the last week, and it has been all about retail politics for Nikki Haley. She's made about 100 stops. They'd been at bookstores and at restaurants and at schools.Her largest one was 1200 inside of a school auditorium. But it is a sharp contrast to the types of rallies and politics that Trump has been operating here in New Hampshire. She has spent more time and money here than anyone and the tone, Laura has very much turned against the former president that has been striking. She's particularly been pounding on his age, saying that he is too old and comparing him to President Biden, but it's very fascinating, Laura, because that is a tightrope to walk here.She's telling people in this state, she's told them that she is not a moderate. Yet, she says she is the candidate for everyone. And she's also walking the tightrope when it comes to criticizing the former president. There was one moment inside of -- one of her stops where a senior citizen said, hey, there are senior citizens in this room when Haley was going off on the fact that there are two 80-year-olds running in this race. And America doesn't want it. So, a lot of things to look at tonight, particularly if she can really walk that fine line between being that moderate and conservative for the voters here in New Hampshire.INGRAHAM: Bryan, thank you so much. And now apropos of this conversation, the last gasp of the Never Trump-ers. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. All right, whatever the final tally tonight is in New Hampshire, Donald J. Trump is well on his way to being the GOP 2024 nominee. Now this is nothing personal toward the former South Carolina governor as our reporter Bryan Llenas just said she's been working hard in the Granite State.But if she decides to drag this out through South Carolina or beyond, Trump will still be the nominee. It doesn't matter how many donors or paid flax tell Nikki Haley otherwise, this is not her time. Now it's funny to watch the corporate media though because they're so predictable. All she needs to do is outperform in New Hampshire, whatever that means.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Haley on the other hand, hoping to shatter expectations, telling reporters she's in it for the long run.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Nikki Haley is making what could be her last Jan betting her hopes on crushing the numbers of undeclared voters and doing better-than-expected with Republicans.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, it's nice try but guess who sets the expectations? The corporate media, so the press is so desperate to keep the appearance of a horse race that they had this banner up on MSNBC, pretty much all day. I love it. A 100 percent for Nikki Haley, 0 percent for Trump. OK. Of course, it's Dixville Notch, they had that at the bottom of the screen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All six voted for Nikki Haley for the voters who were registered Republicans, the other two, undeclared. You see Haley out to a quick six zero lead, courtesy of Dixville Notch, where all six voters have their traditional midnight vote last night.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dixville Notch obviously, just after midnight, all six votes in that place. Voted for Nikki Haley.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. News flash, you need to win in order to chalk up delegates. And as someone who spent four years and four winters in New Hampshire, I'll tell you this, if she cannot win a primary in a state like New Hampshire, where the independents can vote, where she has the governor on her side, and where social conservatives have little influence. Where exactly does she plan to win?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R) GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: As much as you all like to sit there and say Trump's going to have this. The truth is you're not acknowledging that 70 percent of Americans don't want a Trump-Biden rematch. Trump has lied on TV and spent millions saying, I want to cut Social Security, which I never said I --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I saw that aired yesterday.HALEY: Yes, but you guys haven't talked about it --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You keep saying coronate, lie, not tell the truth, what you say on the couch. I'm really wondering why you'd think we're the enemy.HALEY: Because I've looked at the media, look at the political class, all coalescing and saying everybody needs to get out.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, I understand that it has to be disappointing to learn that in most Republican voters' strongholds, they don't agree with you on some key issues. The so-called mainstream GOP has had what, about eight and a half years to convince the voters that Trump was wrong about China, wrong about immigration, wrong about foreign affairs, wrong about the deep state. But despite their best efforts, people like McConnell, Romney, Christie and Mike Pence, they couldn't convince the voters to turn away from the America First or populist agenda.In fact, if anything, the less support Trump got from the so-called moderates, the more voters views solidified in his favor. So why has this happened? Why don't the voters trust the GOP leadership and the so-called mainstream? Well, it's not hard. The Senate Minority Leader right now is working with Chuck Schumer to squeeze out more money for Ukraine and essentially keep the border open, calling it a big border deal, even though poll after poll shows that the GOP voters do not want either.No wonder they don't trust the party leadership. You can't blame them. The GOP -- the Biden administration is literally suing right now to stop Texas from enforcing the border. But somehow Senate Republicans think Biden can be trusted to enforce any new laws, it makes zero sense. And the voters know this.Now, Haley isn't asking for my opinion, and she's miffed at this network. But it's kind of obvious. If you're a Republican who has seen as standing defiantly against your own voters on key issues, you're probably not going to be too popular. Republicans want a candidate who reflects their views. And of course, they also want to win.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Vote this morning. Instead of voting for Haley, I've voted for Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You changed the vote this morning. Why?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, she did. I think the elections of primaries over. I think that Mr. Trump's going to be our next candidate.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, smart guy, even Politico yesterday called Haley's New Hampshire bid, the last stand of the Never Trump-ers and the GOP Chair in New Hampshire Jennifer Horn, just flat out said it's all over. Now, Never Trump-ers do see New Hampshire as a make-or-break moment. Right. We know that. But as I said, wishing it were different, doesn't make it different.So now what's at stake? Why is this happening? Well, we know tonight that you're going to hear a lot of chatter about continuing to go, continuing to keep this going on. But in the end, we're seeing why Donald Trump ultimately won this. He won this because he won the heart and soul of the Republican voters. And that's on issue after issue after indictment after indictment. And doesn't matter what Nikki Haley believes at this point, doesn't matter if she decides to stay in it. She'll either be part of the solution for restoring prosperity and peace to the United States or she'll be part of the problem. I hope for her it's the former. And that's the Angle.Joining us now from the Hoover Institution is Victor Davis Hanson. Victor. it was striking that even Politico called this the last stand of the Never Trump-ers, having spent a lot of time in New Hampshire, four very long winters and four years there. This is kind of tailor made for Nikki Haley style politics.VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Yes, it is, I don't know quite what the strategy is, it's got to be one of three things, either she's going to get a lot of media exposure and pose as a vice president candidate possibly to Trump and say that she'll win more independents to the Trump cause. And she will lose MAGA people who won't vote for her, or maybe she feels that she's got to be an inert candidate and just be there if Donald Trump, by some weird circumstance with his legal exposures is in trouble. And she's there as a backup, our tag along candidate.Or if she really believes she's going to come within 10 points and then be a viable candidate. It's kind of a catch 22, Laura, because to be such, she's so welcomed in people that are antithetical to the MAGA agenda, which is a Republican Party, that it's almost a suicide mission, because even if she were to win in some weird circumstance, she would have the same effect that Romney and McCain had, as you remember, in 2008, and 2012, where 8 million to 10 million people on the Republican side just didn't vote, whether we like it or not. That's probably what would happen if she was even viable.But by bringing in independents, and all this money that is on the Left, really, it's kind of a counterproductive. I think it's not viable. So, I don't know what her strategy is. I guess we'll find out when we find out how close she came. But if it's over, if she's not even within 10 points in New Hampshire, I don't see any of those three strategies working.INGRAHAM: Well, Nikki Haley is deciding to do what a lot of sorts of moderate Republicans do on the campaign trail. They kind of lean in on the gender card. So, they say, they're not for the DEI victimology, but then when push comes to shove, they're into the victimology. And so, she uses phrases like fellows, a number of times as a political ploy, kind of against her GOP rivals, Victor.And of course, then she said, but I fought to remove the Confederate flag, when I was governor of South Carolina. OK, are we still talking about the Confederate flag? Who's even talking about that, but she feels like she needs to kind of prove her establishment credentials over and over again. And I don't think that helps her ultimately.HANSON: No, I don't think so. I think the Republican party is on record that your superficial appearance is incidental, it's not essential to who you are. And we all treat people on the basis of our character, content of our character. So, you can't have it both ways. You cannot be kind of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and say, I grew up in an area where I was subject to racial discrimination, yet the south was a racist country when I was growing up, and I was treated kind of badly.And then I was first woman, this and this, and whether you like -- I can understand her logic, but what she's doing is playing right into the identity politics and that's one of the fundamentals of the Republican Party, that DEI is an abomination. And you don't touch it, it's kryptonite. And we've got to get rid of it because it's destroying the country. So, you can't just dip your toe in that water and think it's going to win you independent votes, or Democrats that will cross over because it's a toxic ideology. And I think everybody knows that. They want -- people won't vote, if she runs on that camp, they won't vote for that.INGRAHAM: Well, Victor, and you see other Republicans who have challenged Trump in the past, and even disagreed on key issues, but they kind of stay within a space that's considered acceptable by most GOP voters. You think of someone like Rand Paul, he went really hard against Trump, right in 2016. But then he figured out a way to be part of the solution and the conversation. And that's smart and others did the same thing. But there's just no path backward if you keep going down this road, questioning Trump's mental competence and age, really?HANSON: No, it's not going to work, because for whatever people say, this is not the Republican Party of Romney or Bush, or McCain. This is a populist movement and it's against the bicoastal elites and the subsidized very poor and it's the middle class. It's the middle, upper middle class and it has certain values about closing the border, national sovereignty, fair rather than free trade, not getting an optional military engagements in the Middle East, et cetera, et cetera.And when you try to bring in people that don't believe in that agenda even though that's what the majority now believes, it's been successful as we saw from 2017 to 2021. I don't understand, we've been there, done that, it didn't work. And it hurts the Republicans. You don't want a bunch of billionaires saying, this is our Romney candidate, or this is our McCain candidate.And I don't know what are the -- I guess she feels there's no other alternative for, but it's not -- it's not good. And it's not good for the future of the Trump candidacy. At some point she needs to either do well in New Hampshire, her idealistic primary, it's a perfect primary for her and if she can't do that, then I think she should face reality. And I know it's early in the primary, but unless she's running for vice president or set or as a backup in case something happens legally to Trump, I don't see the pathway at all for her other than just trying to -- what restructure the Republican Party that is never going to go back to what it was.INGRAHAM: Yes. Even some of the big donors today with Cavuto were saying, there's a huge sign in New Hampshire for her than time to wrap it up. So, we'll see how much they're going to open their pocketbooks after tonight, Victor, thank you. All right, the first results from New Hampshire are just now starting to come in. And it had a surprising issue at the top of voters mind that could actually swing tonight's results. Sandra Smith, Pete Hegseth, they're there and they're next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: The first results from New Hampshire are coming in. It looks like we have just 4 percent of the results so far. You're going to see the numbers come up at the bottom of the screen. They'll be updating and Sandra Smith has exclusive new information from our very cool Fox News analysis of what voters are thinking in New Hampshire tonight. Sandra do tell.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS REPORTER: Hey, Laura, good to see you. Brand new information for our viewers right now, our Fox News voter analysis survey. It has been in touch with more than 1800 Republican voters there in New Hampshire. And so far, here are some of our top findings. When it comes to the top issues for voters on the ground there, it is a very similar story to Iowa. It's not the economy. It was immigration. Number one for voters on the ground there, 42 percent. It tops the list as the most important issue for them facing the country today.Fewer 31 percent feel the economy is the number one problem. All the other issues including foreign policy and abortion. Look at that, they fall in the single-digits. So why all this worry about immigration? Well, we also asked voters about that as well. When it comes to immigrants in the U.S., 69 percent of New Hampshire Republicans feel immigrants are hurting the country. 28 percent think that they do more to help.Next up, we also ask that question about U.S. involvement in other countries and what the appetite is for more or less involvement. As you can see here, 52 percent of GOP voters want the country to take a less active role. While 30 percent think our involvement around the world should stay as it is, there's little appetite as you can see for increasing our efforts around the world. That number is at 16 percent.Now closer to home when it comes to family, finances, something everybody cares about, our financial situation. On the money front, just 12 percent say that they feel like they are getting ahead in today's economy. Most nearly six in 10 say they're merely holding steady. Unfortunately, 20 percent say they're falling behind on paying their bills and saving money, which leads understandably to our next finding on GOP voters and change. This is also a really telling response from voters on the ground there. 54 percent say they want substantial change in how the country is run. Plus, another 29 percent say they want complete and total upheaval.Laura, I remember we looked at this with you with Iowa, you put that together, you suddenly have 83 percent of voters in New Hampshire who say they want at least substantial change in how the country is run today. And that is a really interesting take away from what we've seen so far.INGRAHAM: Wow. Well, Sandra, the idea that immigration in New Hampshire is the number one issue --SMITH: Top issue.INGRAHAM: -- is staggering.SMITH: Yes.INGRAHAM: That tells you how far this issue has moved into the interior part of the country. Sandra fascinating. Thank you so much.SMITH: Thank you.INGRAHAM: Now we haven't seen the text of the so-called bipartisan senator, Senate border bill, but senators who we have been talking to have no idea what's in it either. But it's obvious whenever it does come out that it's only going to make the crisis at the border worse. And Kamala Harris is now admitting that it's all about amnesty, and we should just be focusing on equity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS (D), VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The solution includes putting resources at the border, to do what we can to process people effectively, and putting in place laws that actually allow for a meaningful pathway to citizenship. Dreamers had been treated very badly. The negotiations that are happening right now, I hope, are going to be directed at solutions that are genuinely focused on fixing the problem, including all the equities.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Pete Hegseth joins us from the Goat Bar and Grill in Manchester, New Hampshire. OK, I know that place, Pete. Are the patrons at the Goat worried about the border?PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: It seems to be issue number one, Laura, you're exactly right. This is a country music bar here. It's a Republican bar here, the Goat in Manchester. And when you talk to folks, that has been a number one, because of the three years of the absolute abdication on our southern border, which they believe is clearly intentional. And that's why we've seen it at top the list. And I think Laura, that bodes very well for Donald Trump, who as you pointed out, made this a signature issue when he first ran in 2015 and 2016. The rest of the party has been playing catch up all the way until now. So, if that holds, it could be a good night for Donald Trump.Real quick, we're here with the New Hampshire Republican Party, just had a chance to talk to the chairman. They're getting unofficial results right now, just took a look at his phone. One ward in Manchester, 1200 votes Trump, 800 Nikki Haley, they said that was a center right district. Another ward had 600 Trump, 300 Nikki Haley. Again, unofficial that was more center Left. So, he said roughly three to two on exit polls internally on the party. But those are notoriously tough to read, Laura.It's going to be an interesting night; will it be a big win or a thin win? I think that's the margin we're looking at. And while everybody should be watching the channel, because I'm fixated on this screen right now with the percentages, where they move, while you're watching the channel, tune in to Fox Nation. We're having a watch party behind the scenes. I'm here with Tom Bevan and Ben Domenech, the director of the National Institute of Politics, Kilmeade might stop by Jimmy Failla. We're going to kind of watch along with you. So, we'll be watching. We'll be watching Fox, and we'll be having a conversation on Fox Nation, pull it up on your iPad or your iPhone as well.INGRAHAM: Oh, what a lot of fun. Pete, thank you so much. All right, the first polls have closed in New Hampshire and the results are beginning to come in and we're going to go check in now with the surrogates from the Trump and the Haley campaigns. So, buckle up. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Mr. President, Haley says she's staying in through Super Tuesday. Is she a threat to you?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: No, no, and I don't care if she stays in. Let her do whatever she wants. It doesn't matter.UNKNOWN: Nikki Haley wanted it to be a two-person race, right? I mean, she got that. You think it's going to go in her favor at all?TRUMP: I think it hurts her, actually. I think it's going to hurt her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Donald Trump, very gracious and sounds pretty confident as results start coming in from New Hampshire. The former president, he's looking ahead. He doesn't seem to be holding any grudges, as we head toward a likely 2020 rematch against President Biden. Now, South Carolina Congressman Ralph Norman is backing Nikki Haley, and he joins me now. Congressman, I keep hearing that if Nikki Haley outperforms expectations, that it will be a sign that she should stay in for the long haul. Could you explain that for us tonight?CONG. RALPH NORMAN (R-SC): Yeah. Well, first of all, Laura, you know, this is, we've had Iowa and this is the second primary, you know, had the caucus in Iowa and then the primary. Are we voiding every other, the other 48 states? Nikki Haley is, started out dead last, out of 13, she's now one of two that's left.And, you know, I really take issue, and I love your show, but I heard your monologue, for you to say that she's part of the establishment, for you to say that she's never Trump-er, and if she's not part of the solution, part of the problem, that's not for the media to say, Laura. Let the voters decide. It's competition.INGRAHAM: Well, first of all -- yeah, yeah. Ralph, first of all, I appreciate you, and back at you, I have great respect for you. This is nothing personal about Nikki Haley. But in pretty much every national survey, way beyond New Hampshire, a state that I know very well, because I lived there years ago, but I lived there. If you can't win big in New Hampshire when you're Nikki Haley with all the billionaire's money you got and all the money you've pour in, if you can't win in that state, then where are you going to win?And my point to Nikki Haley is, you should be part of the future of the party. There's no reason she shouldn't be. But she's just prolonging the obvious when clearly the nation wants a substantial change. And the substantial changes with the guy, it looks like, and maybe you're right, maybe there'll be this magical surge for Nikki Haley.But it seems to be that the people would like a matchup from the guy who's getting hounded by the deep state, the guy who actually took us through peace and prosperity against Joe Biden and his globalist handlers.And look, the numbers are what the numbers are. I mean, you guys can get mad. I get it. It's not fun to lose. It's not fun to put in all this time and money. I get it. But explain where she's going to win big if she doesn't win big in New Hampshire.NORMAN: Well, let's see how she does in New Hampshire. And let's see where she goes from here. I can tell you, for all the news media and the pundits, just to say that -- basically what you said, that just fires her up. Look, in every poll, Nikki Haley beats Joe Biden by a substantial amount. Donald Trump is very close, but not to the margin that Nikki Haley is.And second, let me say this, Laura. If Nikki Haley was everything you all are saying and Donald Trump is, she's a globalist and all that, he endorsed her to lead America on the United Nations as ambassador. Was he wrong? No, Donald Trump was right.INGRAHAM: He endorsed a lot of people that ended up, you know, obviously highly critical of him and they've parted ways. Again, nothing personal, but just because he endorsed her, people endorse people all the time and then they part ways, sometimes they get back together. But that doesn't -- I mean, you've been around this game a long time. You know how it goes.NORMAN: Laura, he didn't endorse her, he picked her. She represented the United States. But look, and I don't take it personally either. That's why, you know, everybody -- it's interesting the people that endorse Mr. Trump. If you look back when he ran in '16, Jeb Bush had seven huge endorsements, Marco Rubio had six. How many did Donald Trump have? He had the lieutenant governor of South Carolina who's now governor.So, it's not who the endorsement says, it's the person. Nikki Haley is the only candidate that has risen and let's see how it plays out, but let the people decide.INGRAHAM: Well, of course the people are going to decide, but it's certainly not decided, Congressman, by the fact that there's national polls that show that Nikki Haley will win by a larger margin. The Republican primary is what it is. I mean, she spent more money than anyone in Iowa, right, and she came in third. she could even beat Ron DeSantis, who is obviously really having struggles at that point.So, I get it. And I get the fact that all these billionaires, you know, are lining up in a big-fundraisers and that's nothing wrong with that. They should have their say as well.But I mean, at some point, if you can't win in a state like New Hampshire, the voters are sending you a message. And again, we'll see. There could be an amazing surge and it will be fascinating, and probably really, really interesting to watch. Final word, congressman.NORMAN: Can I say one other thing, Laura?INGRAHAM: Absolutely.NORMAN: You know, I watched Joe Biden in North Carolina. He can't count to one. I'm not sure he's going to be the candidate in this race. So, a lot of things could change. Polls go up and down. And I look forward to seeing how New Hampshire is, and we'll see how it works. We'll live to fight another day.INGRAHAM: Congressman, do you think that Donald Trump's too old to be the nominee? Because that was -- Nikki Haley was indicating that in various appearances.NORMAN: Well, look, if airline pilots have an age limit of 65, or you're at your top of your game at 80, I would question that versus somebody who's 52. Secondly, he's only going to get three years, 36 months in office. I know it's a four-year term, but it's politics the last year. Thirty-six months to turn the damage that this administration has done? I don't buy it. We need eight years.And she will enact so many of what President Trump was right on, which the border, you keep mentioning that, she's going to start deporting illegal aliens the minute she's sworn in and many other things to get this economy right.INGRAHAM: Well, we'll see if the voters of New Hampshire, and beyond, think that Nikki Haley is stronger on the border than Donald Trump. And sir, you know, you could be very well right and I could be wrong, but I don't think so. But it's great to have you on.All right, Joe Biden may have skipped his own party's primary contest, but a new report says that the president and his campaign inner-circle are watching tonight. We're watching these results coming out of New Hampshire very closely, because they're saying it's going to give them a much needed jolt of energy with voters and donors who don't want to see Trump back in the White House.Joining me now live from the ground, in the Granite State is Karoline Leavitt, National Press Secretary for the Trump campaign. Caroline, I don't know if you heard Congressman Norman, who's a surrogate for Nikki Haley, but he rejects this idea that Nikki Haley is a globalist, which is a criticism from conservatives of Nikki Haley compared to Donald Trump. And you, say?KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP CAMPAIGN PRESS SECRETARY: Well, that is the truth. Nikki Haley is an open border globalist who is bought and paid for, not just by the Republican establishment but also by Democrat donors that are fueling her campaign. Her campaign is run by Democrat staffers here on the ground in New Hampshire, and they've made a very vocal and concerted effort to have Democrat voters infiltrate today's primary.And with all due respect to the Congressman, Laura, he couldn't answer your question about what Nikki Haley's pathway to victory is. That's because she's never had a practical pathway to the nomination. Never has, never will. We are 100 percent confident that President Trump will have a big victory here in New Hampshire tonight just as he did in the great state of Iowa.Don't forget, Laura, this is the first state in the union that propelled President Trump to his historic epic defeat over Hillary Clinton in 2016. The voters here have a long and deep connection with President Trump. And our campaign is fueled not by Democrat operatives and donors, but by grassroots patriots across New Hampshire and across this country who believe in President Trump, love this country, love this state, and want to make America great again.INGRAHAM: Well, we're going to see what happens by the end of this hour. We'll see where we are. And Karoline, thank you so much. All right, next, Bill Hemmer is at the big board, standing by with the latest results coming out of the Granite State. Don't go away.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Families of immigrants that are terrified tonight. This was a white lash. This was a white lash against a changing country.UNKNOWN: That's a pretty extraordinary thing to say. If you have a son in the Marine Corps and that you don't trust the commander-in-chief, the people in the military defend the Constitution.UNKNOWN: We never knew this would befall us. This has never happened before to our country. This is history. God bless America.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh man, that still makes me laugh from 2016 election night, but not much has changed for the liberal media. Now, that was the meltdown of now almost eight years ago. But let's fast forward, eight years or so, and the talking heads are worried about what will happen again if Trump starts winning again.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You've got to question the Trump supporters about their incoherence, Willie Geist, on how to win an election.UNKNOWN: What he's offering is what he both, sort of, inherently offers, and now more and more explicitly offers, which is, if you pick me, that will be the end of politics. And you won't have to deal with politics anymore. He's going to act like a dictator.UNKNOWN: He's got a team of weirdos and wackos who thought this thing through. You thought that last ride was bumpy? This is going to be insane.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Chris Bedford, Common Sense Society senior fellow, joins me now. Chris, they were dumbfounded by the populist spirit in the United States. People say enough, middle-class wages aren't going up. The borders open. We want America first. They were dumbfounded. People actually wanted to have a country. And now, almost eight years later, apparently, they haven't learned anything.CHRIS BEDFORD, COMMON SENSE SOCIETY SENIOR FELLOW: They haven't learned a darn thing, because they haven't tried to. But I was initially surprised eight years ago when I went to New Hampshire where I was at exactly for this night and talking to different working people who are saying that they're in between Donald Trump, who was considered a kind of a conservative Republican, and Bernie Sanders, the left-wing of the Democratic Party.But this seems to make sense until you realize that there's so much pressure building in the United States amongst people who felt like neither the GOP -- nor the Democratic Party was listening to them. The uniparty was is going on as normal, was a lot of pressure building. And I don't think any of that pressure released.In those couple years you'd hope that people start to act -- who do this for a living would try to figure out why that where the anger is coming from. Where that resentment is coming from. Where the popular surges coming from. Why are people upset? But there's been no even attainment. And you see it not just in the left, on the right.I was going to National Review top articles today and they're complaining with the voters aren't always right, there are on all the time, it's an absolute meltdown over there. Just like you see an MSNBCINGRAHAM: Oh yeah, I remember the Never Trump entire issue that National Review put out. The collector's edition, yeah, the purple one. But you know, we noticed in the Fox voter analysis, which is fascinating, it's 1,800 New Hampshire primary voters, and it tracks with what we've been seeing from other polling outfits over the last year or so.People want less foreign intervention. They want more border enforcement. And, you know, they want to be back on the trail of peace and prosperity, and it's not really changed. But this has been the case for years and years and years, has it not, Chris Bedford?BEDFORD: It has, but the noise was so much between 2016 and 2020. The distractions were so common and the flip out so insane. But it was kind of easy to lose track of just why Donald trump had brought so much more hatred on him then Mitt Romney or George W. Bush or other people really had.You look back in retrospect with the noise behind you and say, what did he do? Until COVID, the economy was doing great. The United States was actually -- he's the first president and many presidents who had launched the United States into any kind of wars abroad. The border was actually, he proved that D.C. was lying. You could actually secure the border. It wasn't just an impossible thing to do.He pushed back against the elite classes, but I think it's because he was the first Republican to not just be controlled opposition. Now he certainly had his failings and they were on display, but hopefully his team may have learned from some of those because what America needs is no more controlled opposition and that's what the left hates.INGRAHAM: All right, the results are coming in. We'll get to an update in just a minute. But I want to play something from MSNBC where they're really trying to grapple with this idea of whether they should cover Trump at all. So, Chris Hayes is kind of going back and forth on this. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's kind of an unsatisfying attack line, just to put my cards on the table here.UNKNOWN: In her stump speech she says, he's chaotic, fairly or unfairly. The unfair stuff, she says, are the politically minded cases that he's defending in court. Some of them. Anyway, she points out Manhattan, for example, but that's a pretty unsatisfying answer too.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yeah, well, of course, you know, the MSNBC hosts want Nikki Haley to attack Donald Trump more. But that serves their purposes because they want to help Biden. But of course, it leaves Nikki Haley and John Kasich and Jeff Flake and Liz Cheney land, does it not?BEDFORD: It does. And a lot of these folks, they're able to justify completely breaking from their jobs to be informers, or their jobs to be statesmen, their jobs to report the news. They justify all kinds of things because they think of themselves as some kind of historic soldiers in their little fantasy book. They're fighting the Nazis in Normandy.But, you know, when it actually comes down, we've seen since 2020 that these are the people who call for your churches to be shut down and your priests to be arrested. These are the people that separate you from your children and your wives and your parents in the hospital. These are the people who try to keep your children out of school.So, they think of themselves as part of the resistance. And Donald Trump and all of his supporters are something evil. They use that to break down every single ethical guideline there is. But at the end of the day, they're cowards.INGRAHAM: Well, and just for the record, Chris Hayes, it wasn't a sound bite, it was a quote. He said, the feedback I get from viewers is, why are you covering Trump so much? Because he's the most singular threat to the American constitutional order since the Civil War. That's my answer to that question, which is, I think, absolutely true.So, they're going to be in a pickle here, right? Because are they not going to cover him at all? But then they're like, well, he's a big threat to democracy. There's never going to be another election. He's a dictator. I mean, so they're caught between a rock and a hard place. Anyway, Chris, I had to get that. Thank you so much.All right, the last polling stations are just about to close in New Hampshire. Bill Hemmer joins us now at the board with some early results. Bill.BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hey, Laura, good evening to you. Just going to glance at this now. It's too early to call. As you mentioned, some communities are still up in about 20 towns throughout New Hampshire. Some large, some medium, some small will close at 8 o'clock. And then maybe we'll see when we get to make a call.Here's where we are right now. Just before 8 o'clock East Coast time, Donald Trump has about a -- just under a 10-point lead at 9.6. Raw vote total there is more than 5,000 votes. So, we scanned the map here at 17 percent of the estimated vote in.You move down here to Hillsborough County, Laura. This is right along the border with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It's the largest most populated county in the state, one out of ten, thirty percent of the state population here. Donald Trump with an eleven-point edge there in Hillsborough County. His campaign is going to like that a lot.We're looking at some of the individual towns right now, trying to find out where Nikki Haley right now is showing some strength. The capital city of Concord in Merrimack County, there are some numbers coming back favorable to her in that town. Concord is the third largest city in the state of New Hampshire. Pop out here for a moment just trying to gauge. These numbers kind of flip right now, Laura, and sometimes they change quickly without noticing, so will keep a track of that.There is another race happening tonight, right? There are 22 delegates on the line, the Republican race, there is zero delegates on the line in the Democratic race. But here's what's happening right now and this is how we're tabulating this. We've had our voter analysis team out in New Hampshire for seven days trying to figure out what the strength is for Joe Biden. He is not on the ballot, but there are 21 Democrats who are on the ballot. If you support Joe Biden and you're a Democrat or undeclared independent, and you show up at the polling station today, you have to physically write in Joe Biden's name.We believe, among the votes tabulated so far, that Joe Biden is just shy of 60 percent when compared with the other 21 candidates, including Dean Phillips and Maryann Williamson, some of the better known there. Here's the process, Laura. When you write in a name and you submit that ballot, it's considered unprocessed. But in each community, in each town, in each county, once that name is confirmed, it's moved to the process section.As of right now, we have just shot, well just flipped again here, 13,262 processed ballots for Joe Biden. That's the way we're tabulating this tonight. I'm going to go back to a second, but let me just flip it back to the Republicans side, just where we were, 17 percent, too early to call, a difference of about 9.4 percentage points between Donald Trump and Nikki Haley. A couple minutes away, they'll all be closed, Laura. Back to you now.INGRAHAM: Wow, Bill, thank you so much. And we are moments away from the last polls in New Hampshire closing at 8 P.M. Eastern. Katie Pavlich, Byron York, are here, both are Fox News contributors. Byron, you know, we don't know where this will end up tonight. But your take on this idea that no matter what happens tonight, this is a long battle ahead for Nikki Haley, and she's in it to win it.BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Nikki Haley spent the whole day saying that because she was asked why. You know, how long she would stay in the race. But candidates always say that. A lot of it does depend on the result tonight. Not whether Donald Trump wins, because Nikki Haley has not been claiming lately that she's going to win. She only claimed that she would do better than she did in Iowa, where she lost by 32 points. Kind of a low bar there.But if she does come in a way, in a place where we all think it's kind of close, like a double, excuse me, a single digit result, then she probably will have some support among her donors to keep going.INGRAHAM: Now, by all indications, Katie, the voters of New Hampshire are rejecting the Biden economy, the Biden border policy, foreign policy, even what Biden and Harris were touting at what they billed as the first joint campaign event of 2024 today. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I ask the people here in Virginia, are you ready to make your voice heard? Do we trust women? Do we believe in reproductive freedoms?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Don't mess with the women of America unless you want to get the benefit.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Don't mess with the women of America, Katie, unless you want to get the benefit. I'm not quite sure what that means, but it's going to be abortion and democracy is ending if you don't vote for Joe Biden.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Joe Biden also gave a shout out to who he said was the real governor, which is Terry McAuliffe, who of course lost to Republican Governor Glenn Yonkin, who is currently the governor of the great state of Virginia. But it's clear the Democrats are going to run on abortion. They've been successful in a number of ballot initiatives. It's something that does get their base out.But overall, with independence and the issues that are coming to the top of polling are immigration, illegal immigration in particular, and the economy. And as we've seen all over the country, even Democratic mayors and Democrats are very concerned about the resource management problems they're seeing now that Joe Biden's open border policies have come to their cities crunching budgets, kicking their kids out of their schools, and requiring them to have their taxes increased as a result of their hospitals and public services being overrun.So, when it comes to what's happening in New Hampshire, Donald Trump is the one who's been campaigning very hard on the issue of illegal immigration. It's what brought him into the White House the first time. And so, voters tend to gravitate towards him on those issues that Republican border -- voters, in particular, see as their top issues going into the primary process.INGRAHAM: And Byron, what -- we're also seeing is that the fact that voters in New Hampshire are kind of fed up with this interventionist foreign policy. From the Fox voter analysis, again, they're saying, look, more conservative on that, tougher on the border, let's keep it close at home. Does that surprise you, given your coverage?YORK: Not at all. Actually, if you've followed Haley around on the trail, which I did for the last couple of days, she was pushing back very strong at the accusation you hear them on the net and other places that she's a warm under and that she's a neocon and that kind of sort of stuff. And she mentions that her husband is career military, is currently deployed right now, and that she would never ever -- last thing she would ever do is start a war or promote a war.That -- Trump has pushed that about her, but clearly what you see, and the reason Haley is saying that, is a lot of people in the public do oppose what they now call forever wars.INGRAHAM: They trust Trump on those issues, at least for now. Byron, Katie, thank you so much. That's it for us tonight. We're just seconds away from the last post closing in New Hampshire. Jesse Watters has the latest results at 8 P.M. Hey, Jess.