BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: We have another big Fox News Sunday planned for you. Shannon Bream's guest will be Florida's Republican Senator Marco Rubio, Maryland Democratic Senator Ben Cardin, plus Delaware Democratic Senator Chris Coons, Florida Republican Congressman Byron Donalds. All fair, balanced, and unafraid. Have a great weekend. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE. Thanks as always for joining us. The fears of women across the country are heightened this week after 22-year-old Laken Riley was murdered, while she was on a morning run.Tonight, two of the world's leading self-defense experts from the legendary Brazilian jujitsu Gracie family will be here to teach you how to defend yourself. Plus, famed LA Dodgers first baseman Steve Garvey wants to help lead a California turnaround. He wants to take down Adam Schiff, boy, could really get in the Hall of Fame for that. That's of course right before Tuesday's primary in California and it'll be right here on the Angle. But first, Jack gets smacked. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.It's been a wild week in lawfare land. The Get Trump Express may be headed for a derailment. First, the Supreme Court announced it was taking the Trump appeal on presidential immunity at the end of April. And you wouldn't know this. But guess what? Those who claim that these cases will protect the legitimacy of elections, the legitimacy of institutions are now attacking the legitimacy of the High Court for its decision.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON JOHNSON, POLITICS PROFESSOR: It's absolute partisan. This is garbage. This is an absolute disgusting abuse of power.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They're putting nine weeks of days, and they are burning them for Donald Trump in Donald Trump's interest so as to protect Donald Trump from the possibility of being held to account. Everyone needs to understand that is what they are doing.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: This is BS. You are doing this as a dilatory tactic to help your political, your political friend, your partisan patron. That's disturbing about the future legitimacy of the court.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Rachel's rule, when the court doesn't go our way, I mean, in her way, it's illegitimate. They're flailing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): Once again, Donald Trump trying to run out the clock. We have to hope and pray that voters reject him when they have a chance to vote this November, so that if the Justice Department and justice has not been served, that it will be served after the election.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Adam still mad that that Mueller report didn't go his way. And that is kept getting worse for the democracy defenders. At a morning hearing in the classified docs case against President Trump, Federal Judge Aileen Cannon signaled that Jack Smith suggested July, a trial date would be a no go, because the trial timeframe for all the motion work that has to be done would be far too compressed. That totally makes sense.Of course, Trump's lawyers want this travesty to be postponed until after the election. Or I have an idea, how about holding off until and unless Joe Biden is brought up on charges for his own concealment of government records. All right, meanwhile, not a good idea to keep digging when you're already sinking. But that's what Smith's office did when his associate intimated that the judge wasn't moving quickly enough to which she tersely replied, I can assure you that in this building, there's a good deal of judicial work going on.Now, our reporters David Spunt and Jake Gibson are reporting that if they had to choose a date for the Federal appeal, Trump's legal team said, they could do August 12 to avoid running right up into the election. Of course, if a trial takes, let's say, six weeks, which is what they're projecting, keeping Trump in a courtroom. Now that's the ultimate in election interference, isn't it?But clearly, this guy just doesn't care. He's willing to dispense with the DOJ manual that highly discourages bringing cases against candidates that would impact the election because of the timing. It's a so-called 60-day rule, even though it doesn't mention 60 days.Of course, Smith's office says that they're in compliance. But really, they're willing to skirt the recommendations because after all, there's always a Trump exemption. Now, regardless of when the trial starts, Trump's legal team has played this smartly so far. And Judge Cannon's concern about the unfairness of a rushed schedule.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHAN WU, DEFENSE ATTORNEY AND FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: When you look at that calendar, I mean, you can really see what the judge was referring to, which is, if Jack Smith tries to find a path for the federal cases, it's a very narrow path. Everything has to go exactly right. There can't be any winds that blow them off course.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now keep this in mind, Smith brought the indictments last year, but Judge Cannon and Chutkan control their own calendars. The DOJ manual doesn't cover in their scheduling final decisions at all. And Merrick Garland will become, I think, pressured to push these trials off until after the election, if it turns out they're rolling over into the campaign.But how twisted this all is, they wage a multi-front campaign of lawfare against a leading presidential candidate interfering with the election, because again, they alleged he interfered in the 2020 election.Now Americans are seeing this for what it is, which is why Trump's numbers remain strong through this multi-layered legal charade. He's still up over Biden by six points and that's the Angle.Now, it's not just the timing of the federal trials that's up in the air. They may be taking the load off Fani permanently, as in removing Fani Willis from the case she brought in Fulton County against Trump for election interference. Closing arguments took place today and lawyers for the Trump co-defendants, well, I think they trounced.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RICHARD RICE, ATTORNEY FOR ROBERT CHEELEY: Ms. Willis is telling everyone in that church and everyone that's going to hear that in media afterwards that these defendants are guilty. The uncontroverted evidence shows that Mr. Wade lavishly spent on Ms. Willis, the uncontroverted evidence shows that the money that he was spending on Ms. Willis came from this contract. There is a direct financial benefit that Ms. Willis received from this. I believe we've shown an actual conflict.HARRY MACDOUGAL, ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY CLARK: That conflict is not just financial, it can be any conflict that impairs your independent professional judgment that's really embedded in the prosecutors of to act impartially. That's the original sin from which all of the other problems flow. There is no boyfriend exception. Think of the message that would be sent if they were not disqualified. If this is tolerated, we will get more of it. This office is a global laughingstock because of their conducts.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's an understatement. I love there's no boyfriend exception line. That could have been my favorite. All right, of course, the state of Georgia rejected the idea that Fani Willis's conduct with Mr. Wade or her church tirade amounted to any ethical breach. They even dismissed the idea that 12,000, I saw this 12,000 who has that much to say of texts and calls between her and Mr. Wade was in any way significant and indicating the depth of their relationship. The judge said that he would try to have a decision about the disqualification issue within two weeks.Joining me now is Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel, Fox News Contributor, and Mike Davis, Founder and President of the Article III Project and former law clerk for Justice Gorsuch. Sol, let's start with this, get the load off Fani saga. Is Fani falling? Oh, the puns are so bad tonight. I'm sorry. They're just -- it's Friday. You know. This is what you get.SOL WISENBERG, FORMER DEPUTY INDEPENDENT COUNSEL: Are you going to like -- are you going to apologize to Robbie Robertson and the other members of the band? That's, that's pretty good. That's a pretty, that's a pretty good one.INGRAHAM: Yes.WISENBERG: I think it's been a very bad week for the Trump bashers to get Trump crowd. And it was a very bad day for them, the parts that I saw in the courtroom there in Georgia, and I thought that argument by Harry MacDougal there that you had at the end was just very, very good, very strong. So, I don't see how she -- I mean, even assuming that she isn't kicked off the case, which I think she should be, the damage is to her has really -- has really been severe and to her case.INGRAHAM: Mike, why do you think the judge is taking so long to decide whether Ms. Willis should be disqualified, but then I was thinking about, isn't that delay just more good news for Trump in any event?MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: It's a very good question. He's going to -- he said he would rule in two weeks. There is a deadline over the next two weeks on filing to run for the Fulton County Superior Court judgeship for, for the election in 2024. I don't know if that has anything to do with it. But look, I would say to the Democrats, you should probably pick better Democrat operatives to run your lawfare next time. Instead of people like Alvin Bragg and Jack Smith and Fani Willis and Tish James, this whole house of cards is collapsing on the Democrats.INGRAHAM: Yes, I just wanted the closing arguments to include these people are trying to take down a guy who has 74 million people voting for him in the last -- these people. I mean, this is America. This is like insane that these people are even anywhere near a courtroom. But by the way, one of the defense attorneys, Sol, laid out in part I watched this devastating argument for the conflicts that do exist. Watch(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MACDOUGAL: There are six different factual conflicts of interest in this case. First, the financial conflict, that's already been covered. Second, the personal ambition, political ambition. Third, there's a dovetailed or complementary pattern of deceit and concealment of the relationship and the money. Fourth, the speech at the church. Fifth, the motion for protective order that the DA filed. Sixth, the way the state has conducted the defense.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sol, I mean, six different ways you could see this conflict and six different ways that Fani Willis acted and conducted herself. What do you think should happen here?WISENBERG: Oh, I think -- I think the entire office should be taken off of the case. And that was one of the points that Harry MacDougal was making there, that how many of the members of the DA's office there signed off on statements and on pleadings that they had the know were not accurate. I think he was -- I think he was devastating there.You know, Laura, I -- no offense to my many friends who've done really good work in state prosecution offices. But I expect this kind of stuff from a elected partisan DAs like Fani Willis and like Alvin Bragg. What's really shocking to me is, is what Jack Smith is getting away with, because he's doing things. I mean, he's making filings that said, you've got to -- we must have this case decided before the election, just appalling that somebody from the Department of Justice would be doing this and that nobody is reining him in.INGRAHAM: And Mike, to that point, the -- again, the non-binding but usually followed, quote, 60-day rule in the DOJ manual. Smith just waives that off and the Left has been pushing this rule to not apply to Trump for two or three years at this point, but just waives it off and say, oh, no, no, this doesn't apply to us. What's your response? That again, it's not a binding law. It's not a hard fast rule. But what of that?DAVIS: So, the Biden Justice Department, including Jack Smith, and these Democrat prosecutors waited 30 months to bring these bogus criminal charges. Four different criminal charges against President Trump and they timed these trials back-to-back-to-back to interfere in the presidential election. This is about election interference and lawfare because these Democrat prosecutors don't trust American voters.INGRAHAM: Well, and they see the polls. Sol and I were talking about this the other night, I mean, if the polls weren't looking like they're looking. I mean, I don't think this would be such a four-alarm (ph) fire for them. But they're really, really worried even though the betting odds still has Biden winning. Sol and Mike, great to see you both. Thank you.All right, up next, I'm going to expose all the freebies for the newcomers. Who are the newcomers? I'll tell you, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Joe Biden wants you to enjoy the fantastic economies policies created. Well, a majority of Americans are living paycheck-to-paycheck. Consumers are doing so well. They cut their spending in February, Joe and Americans don't even have the savings to cover $1,000 emergency or unexpected expense. But it's not just anxiety about their finances. More people are living in fear for their personal safety, with criminals running free to commit horrific crimes and while many Americans are struggling, our leaders are handing out freebies for the newcomers.Well, newcomers is how the Biden administration prefers to refer to illegal aliens. They don't even call them illegal immigrants. But newcomers, as if they have a right to be here, should be welcomed with a cake or something. And the several million probably close to 15 million are getting quite the warm welcome. Free healthcare in cash strapped California, by the way it includes sex changes.Free hotel rooms and meals in cities across the United States. Free rent and others. And as the illegals get catered to, Americans get shafted. In New York City where $53 million is being spent on prepaid debit cards for illegals. 23 percent of residents are reportedly living in poverty. In Chicago, one Democrat leader says schools were closed due to lack of funding. But now, illegals are living in those schools.And in Denver, city officials are cutting some workers hours down to zero in order to get more funding to support illegals, sorry, newcomers. But the Biden campaign wants you to know this is all a net plus.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. VERONICA ESCOBAR (D-TX): It is impossible to deport every undocumented person in this country. There simply are not the resources nor is it advantageous to us. It has been immigrant labor, the immigrant workforce that has actually propped up our economy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's all good. Joining me now Jessica Jackson, Chicago Community Organizer. Jessica, you heard that and also Governor Pritzker in your state announced $250 million in taxpayer funding is coming to Chicago to house, feed, and provide other services to illegals living in your city. But now they're just calling them newcomers. Your reaction to all this?JESSICA JACKSON, CHICAGO COMMUNITY ORGANIZER: Well, they've been using that term newcomers for a while now. The phrase goes from migrants to asylum seekers to refugees to newcomers. And the reality is, is a group of people that have come into the country illegally, for whatever this bigger picture is and there are different theories on what that may be, to just spend a lot of money and to take away from the Americans that are already here, working hard, like you say living from paycheck-to-paycheck in a lot of instances, holding on by a thread, and only thing that we hear from one day to another is the millions of dollars that are just pouring down to go for illegal immigrants.INGRAHAM: Jessica, a member of Biden's campaign had a comment about the newcomers. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ROBERT GARCIA (D-CA): This immigrant crime narrative is racist. It's not true. Donald Trump is out here saying that we're poisoning the blood of this country. And the facts actually don't bear that out. Immigrants, by and large, are committing less crime. So, whenever this narrative comes forward, it's just an untrue narrative.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So now, they're just immigrants. They're not illegal. They're not even illegal immigrants, Jessica, but they're always jumping to the defense of people who came here, violated our laws and claimed asylum for which 98 percent of them aren't entitled?JACKSON: Well, that's absolutely true. And the only reason why they can say if the numbers are down is because there's not as many illegal immigrants in the country as city it's the overall population. So, if you look at it that way, of course, they will say that the numbers are down. But the reality is, it's not. They're bringing their share of crime. Just what was it, last week, I went to Home Depot on 87th off the damn (ph) right here, very popular Home Depot, where you have a lot of illegal immigrants that hang there to pick up work.It was a quiet story, but somehow, we get out that about 100 illegal immigrants beat up a security guard that works over there.INGRAHAM: What?JACKSON: You know, a lot of things are going on that don't make them -- that don't make the news.INGRAHAM: Jessica, you just brought me news that I thought I read everything about this type of crime. You just told me something I hadn't seen. I hope we can find a video of that. Jessica, thank you so much for speaking out. There are good people in Chicago working really hard. They can't even save money for an emergency, and this is what Pritzker wants to spend money on. Jessica, we need an awakening in this country. Thank you.A daring rescue caught on camera. Fox's Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin, we're not in the same studio tonight. So sad. But what are the details?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Yes. I miss you, my friend. But quite a scene and I want to just say this, Laura, for the folks at home. If you have not seen this video today, take a moment and come look at the television and take a look. We're talking about a crash involving four vehicles total sending a semi tractor trailer careening over the edge of a bridge with a person stuck inside the cab.Now this all happened in Louisville, Kentucky this afternoon. The truck was left dangling from the side of the Clark Memorial Second Street Bridge after a crash involving several vehicles. Officials tonight say at least one person has life-threatening injuries.Now rescuers were able to get the driver, a woman out of the truck after about 40 minutes and here's how they did it. They repelled a rescuer down and then the two of them were pulled up by rope and pulley. Local fires (ph) said the woman of military veteran was grateful, relieved to be back on solid ground and while shaken, seemed to be OK.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHIEF BRIAN O'NEILL, LOUISVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT: She held it together amazingly. I've got to tell you, it was obvious she was shaken up, obviously that she was scared. Firefighter Cardin did an amazing job of keeping her calm. She held it together like a champ.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: All right, now I don't book this show but I'm telling you I want to give that guy on your show, Laura, he just did such an amazing job. By the way, there is a bit of bad news, I have to share with you tonight. Yes, we have the dramatic and great rescue. However, this bridge carries about 24,000 vehicles each and every day, which means quite the traffic nightmare. But listen, all things considered, it could have been a lot worse, and all is well tonight for most involved and for that we can all be very thankful Laura.INGRAHAM: Kevin, you do such great reports. Number one. Number two, don't ever leave me hanging.CORKE: No, I will not leave you hanging.INGRAHAM: Such a bad joke.CORKE: You got it.INGRAHAM: And no dangling participles. OK. Kevin, great to see you. Have a great weekend. Oh, aren't we terrible tonight? All right, the liberal push to get America hooked on pot could have deadly consequences. Dr. Marc Siegel takes on a psychedelic educator. Oh boy, I can't wait for that one, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: You've heard of weed whackers? Well, these people are weed wackos.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I grow cannabis because I really love it. I like to consume it. I like to be around it. It's something that provides my being and consciousness with tremendous love and support.UNKNOWN: Be proud of cannabis use. And being part of this community definitely has that layer of, be proud of your cannabis consumption.UNKNOWN: There are zero deaths attributed to natural cannabis use. Some would argue that getting high every day is potentially safer than getting drunk every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Heard that before? Well, that's false, unless you want everyone to be as numb and dumb as you are. Because if misery loves company, so does stupidity. Because the evidence is mounting. Not only is violent psychosis and schizophrenia more likely among regular pot users, especially the young, so was your likelihood of early death.A new study published in the Journal of the American Heart Association shows that marijuana use increases your risk of heart attack or stroke. Doesn't matter if you smoke it or you eat it or if you do it as infrequently as once a month, it could kill you.Joining me now is Dr. Marc Siegel, professor of medicine at NYU and a Fox News contributor. Also with me is Ashley Troxell, a psychedelic educator and a spiritual guide, joining us from Denver. Ashley, now you still maintain, after all this evidence is coming out, that cannabis is a health plus for your fellow Americans?ASHLEY TROXELL, SPIRITUAL GUIDE: Thank you so much for having me on tonight, Laura. I also read that study and was very alarmed as a cannabis consumer. But reading the study, I saw that it's based on self-reported user data, which does not prove causation, only correlation. Those cannabis users might engage in other risky behaviors, like eating an entire bag of Doritos in one sitting.External factors must be considered, like the fact that during this period of the study, Americans increased their overweight, increased overweight by 5 percent.INGRAHAM: Just a quick question, Ashley. Did you use before you came on tonight?TROXELL: I did not. No, Laura.INGRAHAM: You didn't? OK. Well, I was thinking you want to relax for a live television hit. I mean, at that point, you know. Dr. Siegel, 25 percent higher likelihood of heart attacks, 42 percent higher risk of strokes. But Ashley's point, not a bad one, right? It's correlation, not causation.But there are a lot of other psychological disorders that have been documented, Harvard researchers, international researchers. But the reflexive defense is, it's not as bad as alcohol, Dr. Siegel.DR. MARC SIEGEL, NYU PROFESSOR OF MEDICINE: First of all, I'm not going to let her off the hook on the heart. There's been multiple studies in the past that have shown toxicity of marijuana on the heart. We're talking about tar. We're talking about carbon monoxide. We're talking about THC itself, which increases heart rate, and she knows this, and it increases stress on the heart.This study looked at 430,000 people, Laura. And you could say it's observational, but it follows several studies, including one out of Baltimore, that was not observational. This drug is toxic to the heart, period. Even if you took out the THC part. We know tar is toxic to the heart. We know carbon monoxide is. We know it's toxic to the lungs. We know it causes lung cancer. We know that it's correlated with emphysema.And by the way, what Ashley is doing, with all good intentions, is doing what's already happening in the society, is people think, oh, it's becoming legal, it's good for you, it's fine. So, the awareness of what I'm talking about now, developmental delays in children, effects on pregnant women, early term birth, psychological damage, all of that is being obscured. Oh, it's legal, it must be good for you.And the idea, what you just said, well, other things are bad for you, so why not this one be legal since alcohol is legal? Well, Laura, alcohol is legal because I can't stop it. But that's like saying let's make fentanyl legal, right? Why don't we make fentanyl legal, while we're making marijuana legal? Why don't we make no speed limit at all? Let's all go 100 miles an hour while smoking weed.INGRAHAM: Well, Ashley, I have to say one of the more concerning things when I'm in a place like Denver or Washington, D.C., or Miami, wherever you are almost today, you're driving on the highway and you literally can smell marijuana in your car.So, the person somewhere in front of you is driving. Oftentimes you see it at pretty high rates of speed while smoking marijuana. Do you also endorse that or --TROXELL: Oh, absolutely not. We have laws against driving under the influence of cannabis or alcohol. And what this conversation is dismissing are the many potential benefits of cannabis, like relieving pain to help people avoid opiates.INGRAHAM: OK. Where is the study? And maybe I'm wrong about this. Is there any real study that shows any documented benefit of regular marijuana use? Ashley.TROXELL: So, I'm not promoting regular marijuana use. I am promoting the use of an intoxicant as opposed to alcohol. I much prefer to smoke a joint at the end of a very stressful day, and data shows that that's a healthier decision.A 2010 Lancet study showed that cannabis is less harmful than alcohol or tobacco. And I am grateful for the freedom to make that choice.INGRAHAM: Well, I think that emergency rooms across the country of young people, flooding them for psychosis and other violent destructive behavior speaks volumes. But Ashley, we really appreciate you coming on. Dr. Siegel, thank you.Now, by the way, we looked into that story mentioned by our previous guest about 100 illegals attacking security guards near Chicago. We haven't been able to confirm it. But if we do, we'll bring it to you.Now, coming up, shifty shift in a statistical tie with a Republican. Steve Garvey, the man who could disrupt that dopey Dems Senate run, is next. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: When I first saw California, Southern California, for the first time in the mid-1980's, it looked like it was like what the Beach Boys wrote about, surfing USA. All right, the people were happy. The streets were clean. The stores were bustling. But that was then.And after many years of progressive pro-criminal policies, this is now.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Break-in in San Fernando, smashing through the window, crashing the display stand. Four suspects, one even packing, cocking a handgun.UNKNOWN: They came with trash bags, masks, gloves and everything, and they completely destroyed the store.UNKNOWN: They hit the store, drive off, and then they come back minutes later to steal even more.UNKNOWN: It's turning into the Waldo's West. Something's, like, definitely got to change.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And change it might. A new poll ahead of Tuesday's primary to fill the late Dianne Feinstein Senate seat is in a statistical tie. Republican Steve Garvey, yeah, that's Steve Garvey of L.A. Dodgers fame, is leading Democrat Congressman Adam Schiff by 2 percent. But that doesn't mean if Garvey wins on Tuesday that he's in. California has a non-partisan primary system.So, whichever two candidates get the most votes Tuesday move ahead to a runoff in November. And joining me now, Steve Garvey, former Dodgers first baseman, businessman, Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in California.Steve, have we reached a tipping point? Because I'm still looking at 19 percent for that horrible Katie Porter, and 8 percent for the anarchist Barbara Lee. And then you're at 27, and Schiff's at 25. Can you find a way to win this?STEVE GARVEY (R-CA), U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE: Laura, it's an honor to be with you. We are finding a pathway. And, you know, this isn't California. This isn't, you know, this country. You were right. I came here 50 years ago, put on a Dodger uniform. My dream came true.I got to the starting line. Spent 20 years of entertaining the people of, not only California, but this country. Back when it was the heartbeat of America. It's not the heartbeat now, but it can be. Because we have to look in the people's eyes and talk to them directly. Not talk down to them like our career politicians are doing.Telling them, California's fine. You should be honored to be here. You should pay more taxes. You should accept crime in the streets. High inflation. Oh, just look at the homeless. They'll be fine. They'll be gone again. And what I'm doing is providing a commonsense campaign with compassion, building consensus.But it's also founded on grace and civility. We have to get back to that. We've got to get back to, we the people, telling Washington what to do. And now they're listening to me. The polls in less than five months, we've gone from zero to 27. Six points in the partial term.And people are saying to me, Steve, thank you for running. God bless you. We're going to stand up. We're going to give you the liberty to use our wings.INGRAHAM: I was thinking about you. You know, you're a little bit older than 70. You could just be kind of hanging out. You could have moved out of California like a lot of people have. Gone to Florida or Tennessee or somewhere with no taxes.But, man, you decided to -- I have a huge amount of respect for you. You decided to stay and fight for the state you love. And I love California. I told Trump he should campaign up and down the coast of California, if not in the courtroom, because we've got to save that state.GARVEY: Well, that's my voice. For all those that feel that this once great state can bring back the vibrancy, it can make a difference, not only in the west but back east in Washington. And that's what I intend to do. Sure, you're right, a wonderful life, great family, love of my life.By the way, when I woke up five months ago and looked at the TV and it was a dysfunctional Washington, the snarkery, and I said to myself, you know, I'm better than this. And I tapped her on the shoulder and I said, honey, let's run for the Senate. And like a good wife, she turned over --INGRAHAM: And she said, bye. I'm joking.GARVEY: And then she looked back at me, Laura, and she said, don't you think you're a little young? And it reminded me of Ronald Reagan who said, I think I can overcome my youth and inexperience. And that's what I'm doing now. The people are speaking. Great momentum.INGRAHAM: Steve, we're watching this. Yeah, we're watching this closely. The media are desperate to try to tear you down. But we're going to be watching this closely. And we look forward to covering this all the way through to November. Thank you so much.All right, up next, women living in fear after the brutal murder of Laken Riley. So how do you protect yourself? Two of the world's leading self- defense experts from the famed Brazilian jiu-jitsu family are here to show us. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Nursing student Laken Riley was laid to rest today, eight days after her horrific murder. An illegal alien in the country, courtesy of Biden's open border policies, is in jail, charged in her homicide. Fox News correspondent Danamarie McNicholl is live from Atlanta with all the details. Danamarie.DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Laura, it was a somber day in Woodstock, Georgia. That's the hometown of Laken Riley. We saw hundreds of people gather to celebrate the life of that passionate 22-year-old nursing student.Now, Laken Riley's obituary says her smile was infectious and she spread joy everywhere she went. Now, this tragedy deeply affected the community of Athens.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: She did everything right. It just really is a tragic situation. I hope that we make some effective changes so that something like this doesn't occur again in the future.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCNICHOLL: And today, the lead pastor at Woodstock City Church says that she was a gift to anyone who knew her, smart, kind, compassionate, and thoughtful, doesn't even begin to scratch the surface. Now, there was a GoFundMe created for Laken Riley. It has raised $178,000 and growing. That's five times the amount of their original goal. The page says that's all going to help start a foundation, the Laken Hope Riley Foundation, to drive homicide awareness and safety for women. Laura.INGRAHAM: Something good out of something horribly tragic. Danamarie, thank you. Now, in Joe Biden's America, more of you are afraid, and for good reason. Thugs commit crimes, then they're released. Add to that the millions of illegals that Biden let in, most unvetted, which means more crime. Imagine the terror that Laken Riley felt.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: She had an awareness that this individual was coming after her. If he was lying in wait for her, something gave him away. So that -- she had an awareness that she was about to be attacked, and, more importantly, she was in fear at that moment in time.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: When Laken Riley was murdered, she was enjoying her usual morning run. And at some point, she sensed she was in danger. She tried to call for help, but it was too late. The animal was on her.So, what can any of us do to stay safe, especially young women and other people who are vulnerable? How do you protect yourself? Joining me now are Rener and Eve Gracie, self-defense experts from the famed Gracie family of Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Rener, it's great to see you tonight. Thank you for coming on tonight.What's the most common way that women are attacked, and how can they fight back?RENER GRACIE, SELF-DEFENSE EXPERT: Well, first of all, thanks for having us on, Laura. When it comes to self-defense, a problem well understood truly is a problem half solved. And for that reason, every woman must start by understanding the four phases of an assault.EVE GRACIE, SELF-DEFENSE EXPERT: Phase 1 is to identify an unsuspecting target. Phase 2 is to subdue and isolate the target. Phase 3 is to control and exhaust the target. And then Phase 4 is to carry out the assault itself.R. GRACIE: So, when we talk about Phase 1, identify an unsuspecting target, their goal, Laura, is to catch you off guard. And what that means is we have to be vigilant, aware of our surroundings, and most importantly, we have to trust our intuition.What the attacker wants, if Eve is minding her business, what the attacker wants is to creep up, get as close as possible, undetected, and even go hands-on, undefended, so they can carry out the assault with the lowest level of resistance. We want to avoid that at all costs.So, I'm moving in Eve's direction.E. GRACIE: Stop right there.R. GRACIE: OK, I have a few questions.E. GRACIE: I said get back.R. GRACIE: I know, but please.E. GRACIE: Back up.R. GRACIE: All right, OK, OK, we're good to go. So, what happened right there is preemptive boundary setting, Laura. The first boundary was clear. Stop right there. The second boundary with her hands up was confident. She doubled down. And the third one was crazy.At that moment, I knew she was willing to go to war. And for me, the potential attacker, I realized that she's not the easy target I anticipated she would be.So, at this point, I have two options. I either retreat or I ambush and I attack further. And at this point, if I attack and she doesn't know what to do, she's going to be struck at the end of my punches.So, I'm striking at her. She's at the full range of my punches where they have the most power, and this is very problematic because she could be knocked out. So, instead, when Eve is backing up with her hands up, if I ambush her, she's going to step in and close the distance. Completely counterintuitive.But now she lands in what's called the clinch. She's wrapping my waist. Her head is buried in my chest. And here's what's wild, Laura, is from here, even though I can reach her, I have no power in these punches, so I can't knock her out.She'll stay here until she feels an exit opportunity. Then she pushes off. And the best part is that exit is on her timing. I can't control that, so it's going to catch me off guard.Of course, there's also the possibility that during the scuffle, we fall to the ground, which is worst-case scenario, right? And if I land in the top position, this is called the mount, and the reason why this is so bad is she can't reach me, Laura, but I can reach her. I can strike her. I can strangle her.And if she's bumping and pushing me off, she's burning energy in the process, exhausting all her resources without any effective escape, and we don't want that.So, check this out. Instead, as soon as I step over, watch what she does. One. Two. Beautiful. And now distraction strikes, and she's out. We've got to do that again because it was too fast. Eve is back down.This is called the mount, Laura, and the technique is called the trap and roll. As soon as I mount, she hugs my body as soon as I mount. Check this out. And here's what's crazy. It looks kind of familiar, I'm sure. It's the same as what we did standing up, but she's doing it from the ground. Because in a fight, Laura, whoever manages the distance, manages the damage that can be.She pulls me down. She climbs up. She traps my arm, traps my foot. Look at the foot over there. And now she bridges and rolls in that direction so that I cannot stop from falling. She strikes. She gets up, and she's able to disengage and get back to her knees.And all of this, Laura, is derived from the Women Empowered Program, a 20- lesson program that is based on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu that my family has been working on now for 100 years. And, of course, is perfect for women because it's designed for smaller, weaker individuals against larger opponents. And it has to be said, Laura --INGRAHAM: Exactly.R. GRACIE: -- in a situation like this when a woman is attacked, it's never her fault. Women should be able to wear whatever they want, drink whatever they want, jog wherever they want. And the only person to blame is the criminal who perpetrated the crime against her. And in this sense, in a perfect world, people would not perpetrate these crimes --INGRAHAM: Can you do one other move?R. GRACIE: Yes.INGRAHAM: I'm sorry to interrupt, but we've been at it for an hour, which I know we're going to do.R. GRACIE: Look, what's that? One other technique. Show us another move.INGRAHAM: Yeah.R. GRACIE: Check this out. If someone's inside the legs right here, check this out, and someone is strangling you from the guard, you may not know what to do. Watch. All she does is she changes her angle right here, and she's able to break my arm. OK, OK, OK. Full hyperextension. Go again. So, if I'm strangling, even though this is worst-case scenario during a potential sexual assault, look at this.With my hands on her neck, if Eve just pivots 90 degrees, Laura, and puts her legs over my head, she's able to bite, squeeze, and hip up and break the person's elbow from here.So, this is what's possible with Jiu-Jitsu. Even though you're in a bad -- even though it looks like a bad situation, the reality is, if you know how to use your legs and the rest of your body, you're good to go.And for this reason, anyone who wants to learn more self-defense, Women Empowered has taught at hundreds of certified training centers all over the world. And for anyone who wants to learn from home, it's also available online at gracieuniversity.com. And what we've done for the next 48 hours, we've unlocked the program for anyone who wants to take that next step with us.INGRAHAM: Well, Rener and Eve, when we have you back, we want to see the come-from-behind move, because that's one of my favorites. I learned that in Krav Maga, which uses a lot of Jiu-Jitsu, Krav Maga does. So, we're going to do that next time you come on. But thank you for these tips. Women across the country, you can defend yourself, you can protect yourself. Don't be afraid. Be strong.Have a great weekend. Jesse is next.