JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Larry noticed that Levi was not his regular self on the bus and he told the driver he didn't have PJs for school pajama day. Larry took him upon himself, went to the store, show up with the pajamas. And he left the classroom and Levi was happy. God bless the bus--JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening, and welcome to Washington. I'm John Roberts in for Bret Baier.And breaking tonight, new information on the 11-year-old girl missing since leaving home to catch a school bus last Thursday in East Texas. Chief Correspondent Jonathan Hunt has got the latest for us this evening. Jonathan, unfortunately, it's bad news.JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, good evening, John. 24 hours after saying he still hoped Audrii Cunningham would be found alive, it fell to Sheriff Byron Lyons to deliver heartbreaking news late this afternoon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BYRON LYONS, SHERIFF, POLK COUNTY, TEXAS: I sadly announced that Audrii's body was located at the Trinity River on the U.S. Highway 59. My heart aches with this news, and I express with my deepest sympathies and condolences to everyone who knew, who cared for, and loved Audrii.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: Police have been questioning 42-year-old Don Steven McDougall as a person of interest in Audrey's disappearance. McDougall has a long criminal record and lives in a camper van behind the home where Audrii lived with her father about an hour north of Houston. Police say McDougall admitted he left the property with Audrey to take her to her school bus stop just before 7:00 a.m. last Thursday, something he apparently had done on several previous occasions.Audrii never got on the bus and never made it to school. McDougall, officials say, will now be charged with murder.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHELLY SITTON, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, POLK COUNTY, TEXAS:" Based on all of the evidence that law enforcement has collected, they are in the process of preparing the appropriate arrest warrants for Don Steven McDougall. At this time, we believe the appropriate arrest warrant is going to be for capital murder in the death of Audrii Cunningham.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: And the district attorney says that if the evidence in this case supports it, prosecutors will seek the death penalty. John?ROBERTS: Jonathan Hunt with the latest on that sad tale. Jonathan, thank you.The Republican presidential front-runner's lone serious challenger is reiterating her commitment to the campaign ahead of a crucial primary election in her home state. This comes as the incumbent Democratic president makes a major foreign policy move and returns to one of his most consistent bases of support to raise money and momentum for his re-election drive.We have Fox team coverage tonight. Alexandria Hoff in Greenville, South Carolina where former President Trump will participate in a Fox News Town Hall meeting. That's coming up at the top of the next hour. We begin, though, with Correspondent Mark Meredith. He's at the White House tonight on President Biden's travels.Good evening, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: John, good evening to you. President Biden is going to spend the next three days out West raising money for his presidential campaign. But tonight, questions still linger. If he can have the support he needs from the Democratic base for his second presidential bid.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nikki Haley or Donald Trump?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Oh, I don't care.MEREDITH (voiceover): President Biden shrugged off his Republican rivals before jetting off to California for a series of fundraisers. Tonight, Democratic California Governor Gavin Newsom says he's glad the 81-year-old incumbent is still top of the ticket.GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): President Biden's coming out to California tonight. He'll be in the Bay Area tomorrow. And I hope to be invited to his inaugurals.MEREDITH (voiceover): Newsom's praise comes as the Biden campaign touts new fundraising totals, showing last month alone, it raised $42 million. The President's war chest totaling $130 million cash on hand.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's the best that we've seen in this quarter ever.MEREDITH (voiceover): But surveys show voters aren't as enthusiastic. A new Monmouth poll has the President's job approval rating at near record lows, 38 percent. And a majority of Americans, 69 percent, believe the country is heading in the wrong direction.The President also faces dissent from Progressives within his party. Many still furious over his continued support for Israel. Today, the mayor of Dearborn, Michigan joining Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib calling on primary voters to rebuke Biden by voting uncommitted in next week's contest. The mayor writes, "I, like many of my fellow Americans, cannot in good conscience support the continuation of a genocide."Other Democrats are sitting on the sidelines too. West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin says it's too soon to throw his support behind Biden.SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-WV): I'm hoping Joe Biden would come back to what he said he was in 2020, the person I've known forever, and be more centrist, center left maybe, but center.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): Well, Senator Manchin has ruled out a presidential bit of his own. He says he's still waiting to see if somebody else may jump into the race between now and November. And we had a chance to ask the president today, John, as he was heading out of town, do Democrats need a Plan B for November? He kind of laughed off the suggestion. So, it's all on him at this point. John?ROBERTS: All right, there is no Plan B. Mark Meredith for us at the White House. Mark, thank you.MEREDITH: You bet.ROBERTS: Nikki Haley says she is staying in the Republican Presidential Race. The former South Carolina Governor and U.N. Ambassador under then- President Trump is desperately trying to win support ahead of her home state primary this Saturday. The former President will take part in a Fox News Town Hall in Greenville at the top of the hour. And that is where Correspondent Alexandria Hoff is tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm not going anywhere.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): In a state of the race address today, Nikki Haley confirms she is not caving to calls to drop out.HALEY: People have a right to have their voices heard. And they deserve a real choice, not a Soviet-style election, where there's only one candidate and he gets 99 percent of the vote. We don't anoint kings in this country.HOFF (voiceover): The former South Carolina governor vowed to continue her campaign for the Republican nomination passed her home state's primary this Saturday. According to the latest Suffolk University-USA Today poll, Former President Trump holds a commanding lead, 63 to 35 percent among likely voters in the state.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'll say this about Haley. I think she's a true politician. And I think she's a true patriot. But I don't think anybody can touch the President Trump. He doesn't even have to show up and he's going to get elected.HOFF (voiceover): Well, Trump did show up this afternoon. A large crowd gathered to see him in. The former President was last in South Carolina Wednesday, and tonight will sit down for an exclusive town hall in Greenville with Fox's Laura Ingraham.Today, the Trump campaign released a memo titled The End is Near for Nikki Haley. Predicting that within three to four weeks, Trump will have earned enough delegates to secure the nomination. Among the next steps outlined in the memo, "The Republican National Committee becomes one with the Donald J. Trump for president campaign."(END VIDEOTAPE)HOFF (on camera): And Nikki Haley has been highly critical of the former president's efforts to gain control of the RNC, saying that she fears it'll be used to help fund his legal defense rather than working to help Republicans across the country win elections. John?ROBERTS: Alexandria Hoff in Greenville for us tonight. Alex, thank you.And just in case you missed the last three mentions, join Laura Ingraham tonight at 7:00 p.m. Eastern for the town hall with Former President Trump. We will have it for you live from Greenville.Breaking tonight, two men are facing murder charges in connection with last week's shooting at the Kansas City Chief Super Bowl celebration. Correspondent Matt Finn has got the latest for us tonight on that. Good evening, Matt.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, John. Prosecutors say the two men being charged with second-degree murder got into a fight with at least one other person after the Kansas City Chiefs parade last week. That's when the pair pulled out their guns and started firing, ultimately killing one woman and injuring 22 other people.This afternoon, a Kansas City prosecutor announced that 18-year-old Dominic M. Miller and 22-year-old Lyndell Mays have been charged with second-degree murder and unlawful use of a weapon. They're being held on $1 million bail. Investigators say it was Miller's firearm that hit Lisa Lopez-Galvan, killing her. And today, the prosecutor said even more people might be charged.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN PETERS BAKER, PROSECUTOR, JACKSON COUNTY, MISSOURI: We seek to hold every shooter accountable for their actions on that day, every single one. So, while we're not there yet on every single individual, we're going to get there.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: That prosecutor declined to comment on just how many shooters might be involved. Of the 23 people who were shot last week, half were under the age of 16. Two minors were charged in juvenile court last week on gun charges and resisting arrest. They have not been identified, but they could be charged as adults. John.ROBERTS: Well, keep watching this. Matt Finn for us with the latest. Matt, thank you.Up next, the funding fight in Congress and a new analysis of Ukraine aid allocation. First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.WFXT in Boston, there's a flight from San Francisco to Boston makes an emergency landing in Denver after the wing of the plane was damaged while it was flying. United Airlines tells the station there was an issue with the slap on the wing of the aircraft. Passengers were put on another one and made it to Boston three hours late.Fox 12 in Portland is a man accused of kidnapping a woman and keeping her in a cinder block cell faces new federal charges. Negasi Zuberi is now accused of trying to escape from jail and kidnapping a second woman.And this is a live look at Philadelphia from Fox 29, one of the big stories there tonight. A horse is captured after galloping on to Interstate 95 this morning. It's always I-95. Several law enforcement vehicles cornered the animal at the bottom of the Allegheny Avenue off-ramp. It was loaded into a horse van and taken away.And that is tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ROBERTS: "BREAKING TONIGHT", the White House says it will announce a major sanctions against Russia on Friday. It says the penalties are in response to the death of opposition figure Alexey Navalny and Moscow's invasion of Ukraine. National Security Council Spokesman John Kirby would not provide specifics on the sanctions.The Biden administration is blaming congressional Republicans for the breakdown in funding for Ukraine.Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie is on Capitol Hill tonight. Good evening, Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening to you, John. Well, right now, House Republicans are hitting back at the White House, after President Biden's national security Spokesman John Kirby, basically blamed Congress and congressional inaction for Ukraine losing territory to the east.Republican Congressman Chris Smith tells Fox that blame game won't work. Instead, he says the president should get in a room with Speaker Mike Johnson.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: What do you think he should say at this point, where --(CROSSTALK)REP. CHRIS SMITH (R-NJ): Well, I do think, he should say, Mr. President, why haven't you made the case? And you don't think just glibly saying that oh, you guys are to blame carries any weight, because it doesn't.HASNIE (voiceover): Yesterday, the Speaker spent time with former President Trump in Florida as the Senate's $95 billion foreign aid package sits on ice.There is a slimmer alternative making the rounds in the House right now. That bipartisan package brings back the Trump-era remain-in-Mexico policy, while also sending $66 billion in defense only aid to Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan.Now, co-author Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick just met with President Zelenskyy this week. He says he is going to be talking about this bill with the speaker tomorrow.REP. BRIAN FITZPATRICK (R-PA): We've been texting back and forth. I'm actually going to have a call with him tomorrow. People are very interested in this concept, Aishah, they are. We have a very pared down. It is expandable. It's open to amendment. But what we wanted to do is have an airtight products that deals with all of -- all borders.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Now, moderate House Democrats are also working on their own border plans and provisions. But John, all of this is going to be stalled at least for a while because the first order of business when Congress gets back next week is the Senate taking up the impeachment of DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. John.ROBERTS: All right. Well, we'll see if they can get anything done when they get back. Aishah Hasnie for us.HASNIE: You got it.ROBERTS: Aishah, thank you.Republican moderates in the House are advocating for a slimmed-down alternative to the Senate-passed foreign aid bill that would provide money for Ukraine, Taiwan, and Israel. And would include a resurrection of the Trump-era Remain in Mexico border policy.Tonight, our chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin looks at another reason, many Republicans are in favor of spending more taxpayer dollars on the Ukraine effort.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SABRINA SINGH, DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: We need the supplemental immediately. And we've been saying that and sounding these alarm bells since October. And so, we are going to continue to urge Congress to do its job.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: The Pentagon, again urging the House to act.Republicans who support more U.S. military aid to Ukraine are now making an America First argument for sending ammunition and weapons.Their analysis shows 90 percent of the money already given to Ukraine stayed in the U.S. supporting American workers modernizing an atrophied U.S. defense manufacturing base.MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's not a jobs' program, but we need to have a strong defense industrial base in order to protect America.GRIFFIN (voiceover): Senator J.D. Vance opposes Ukraine aid and refuse to meet President Zelenskyy at the Munich Security Conference. His voters stand to benefit from the Ukraine aid bill because the factories were Abrams tanks, Stryker vehicles and guided multiple launch systems are manufactured in Ohio.SEN. J.D. VANCE (R-OH): I don't think spending another $61 billion dollars of American money actually helps the Ukrainians that much because again, our munition supplies are fundamentally depleted. There is only so much that we can do with additional dollars.GRIFFIN (voiceover): In fact, Ukraine aid helped to increase U.S. production of 155-millimeter shells, up from 15,000 shells a month before the war to 100,000 shells a month by next year.THIESSEN: What if we had gotten into a conflict in Taiwan and discovered that we didn't have the ability to produce these weapons, because the defense industrial base have fallen apart?GRIFFIN (voiceover): The Ukraine a bill held up in the House includes $20 billion to revamp U.S. weapons stockpiles like these Stinger missiles made in Tucson, Arizona, which have not been manufactured since 2004.CHROSTOPHER CALLO, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, RTX: That production line went dry so many years because of the lack of orders. In fact, we had to bring people back out of retirement to kind of help us reconstitute that line.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (voiceover): The Pentagon signed a $624 million contract to replace the 1,400 Stinger missiles sent to Ukraine. And now, that production line is active again, helping modernize U.S. military stockpiles. John?ROBERTS: A lot more work because of all this agenda.Houthis are not letting up either.GRIFFIN: That's right, John. We now have video from the Houthis of the downed U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone. The Iran proxy shot down the American drone using a surface-to-air missile.And since our report last night, we've learned that two U.S.-owned vessels in M/V Sea Champion and Navis Fortuna sustained minor damage in separate Houthi attacks near the Gulf of Aden, involving anti-ship missiles and drones. U.S. and partner warships shot down 10 one-way attack drones during a 4-1/2-hour relentless attack by the Houthis, Monday.And the USS Laboon defended itself against a Houthi anti-ship missile, a challenging day for the U.S. Navy. John.ROBERTS: Keeping the Navy on its toes. No question.Jen Griffin for us at the Pentagon. Jen, thank you.The U.S. has vetoed an Arab-backed U.N. resolution that demanded an immediate humanitarian ceasefire in the embattled Gaza Strip.The vote of the 15-member Security Council was 13 to one with the United Kingdom abstaining. It was the third us veto of a Security Council resolution, demanding a ceasefire in Gaza.Up next, will former President Trump have to sell off his real estate holdings to pay for his penalties from civil litigation? We'll have a live report from New York.Plus, the homelessness crisis at the world's busiest airport forces a major crackdown.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ROBERTS: Elon Musk says the first human patient implanted with a brain chip from Neuralink is able to control a computer mouse using only their thoughts. Neuralink implanted a chip in its first human patient last month. It says the implant could help treat conditions such as obesity, autism, depression, and schizophrenia.Stocks were down today. The Dow lost 64. The S&P 500 fell 30. The NASDAQ was off 145.We have an update tonight on the former FBI informant and key player in the Hunter Biden investigation facing charges of lying to the bureau. Correspondent David Spunt is at the Justice Department for us tonight. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: John, good evening to you.Alexander Smirnov is the former FBI informant. There is a detention hearing underway right now in Las Vegas, where special counsel David Weiss and the government is making a case to keep him in federal custody.Smirnov was charged last week with making up a story that Joe Biden and Hunter Biden, each accepted $5 million from Ukrainian officials. The Special Counsel David Weiss, who is also prosecuting Hunter Biden, dropped a new document today in this detention hearing, arguing that Smirnov has ties with Russian intelligence operatives.He met with those operatives just a few months ago in November and planned to meet with them again soon in an attempt to affect this year's presidential election.The Special Counsel writes in part, "The misinformation he is spreading is not confined to 2020. He is actively peddling new lies that could impact U.S. elections after meeting with Russian intelligence officials in November. In light of the fact there is a serious risk he will flee in order to avoid accountability for his actions."Weiss says Smirnov has access to millions of dollars and by that statement is a flight risk. When asked last week about the Smirnov indictment, President Joe Biden said Republicans should drop the impeachment investigation. That's not happening.Tomorrow morning, the president's younger brother, Jim Biden will be on Capitol Hill as part of that probe, and Hunter Biden, the president's son will be there next week. John.ROBERTS: All right. Looking forward to all of that ahead. David Spunt for us. David, thank you.Tonight, we examine the possibility that former President Trump may have to sell off some of his real estate properties to pay the hundreds of millions of dollars in penalties from his civil litigation.Fox Business correspondent Kelly O'Grady is at Trump Tower in New York this evening with that story. Hi, Kelly.KELLY O'GRADY, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, John. That's right. Now, some members of the New York Business community are growing concerned following a ruling that requires former President Trump to pay nearly half a billion dollars and lose control of his real estate empire.Now, the decision doesn't have much of a historical precedent. And it's elicited a striking response from business owners, investors, and developers in the Big Apple, who worry they might be next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: Why take the risk? Who is next is what everybody is asking. Why would I even take a one percent risk with what's going on in New York? Why don't I just go to where the governors are pro-business?O'GRADY: Now, the monster fine is a big part of what's worrying companies. As it stands, the former president owes close to $450 million when including interest. Now, the bill will keep ticking up by more than $87,500 per day until it's paid.And there's growing speculation Trump's New York real estate assets could be on the chopping block to foot the bill. Properties like golf courses and Trump Tower which could be valued at over $300 million. If he doesn't pay within the 30-day deadline, the state could even seize those assets and sell them for pennies on the dollar.Now, the former president has vowed to appeal the ruling but will still be required to surrender the sum for the entirety of the process. He'll either have to put up the full cash amount in escrow or post a bond, which could allow him to deploy a mix of cash and other assets. Trump's legal team is adamant he has the funds to cover the fine.ALINA HABBA, TRUMP ATTORNEY: Within 30 days even if we choose to appeal this, which we will, we have to post the bond which is the full amount and sum, and we will be prepared to do that.(END VIDEOTAPE)O'GRADY (on camera): Now the judge did reserve the right to putting dissolving Trump's New York businesses back on the table pending an investigation by a court appointed monitor. So what's known as the corporate death penalty is still a possibility. John?ROBERTS: The Troubles just seem to keep plaguing the former president. Kelly O'Grady for us outside Trump Tower. Kelly, thank you.Authorities at the world's busiest airport are taking tough measures tonight to deal with a surge in homelessness, correspondent Jonathan Serrie reports this evening from Atlanta.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): In recent months, the world's busiest airport had become one of Atlanta's busiest homeless shelters with as many as 300 people camping out at any given time and police limited in what they could do.BYRON AMON, ATLANTA CITY COUNCIL: This is a public space but it is a city owned public space as well. It is for people who is coming and going from the airport transacting business at the airport.SERRIE (voice-over): The Atlanta City Council approved an ordinance to close the airport to the general public 24 hours a day, seven days a week with violators facing potential arrest. Drastic as that may sound, the fine print allows exceptions for airport personnel, ticketed passengers and those meeting them or seeing them off. Council members say it won't affect the typical airport visitor.AMON: No you're not banned. Come on down, pick up grandma, pick up, you know, put it back and win a flight. Everyone is welcome that is, you know, transacting business at the airport.SERRIE (voice-over): But some advocates for the homeless say the growing numbers of people sheltering at airports across the country are a symptom of problems in the communities they serve, including a shortage of affordable housing,STEVE BERG, NATL ALLIANCE TO END HOMELESSNESS: The criminalization arresting people I mean that may help the airports problem, it's not going to help communities problem, it's going to make communities problem worse.SERRIE (voice-over): Atlanta officials say the city is working with local homeless service providers to find housing for those in need. But they say that new airport policy is needed to allow police to keep the airport operating safely and efficiently.(END VIDEOTAPE)SERRIE (on camera): City officials say arrest is a last resort. The revised ordinance requires police to first ask suspected loiters to explain why they're there to inform them of the new restrictions and then give them the opportunity to leave voluntarily. John?ROBERTS: Jonathan Serrie at ATL for us tonight. Jon, thank you.Up next, Bret Baier takes a deep dive into the importance of this Saturday South Carolina primary.First, beyond our borders tonight, Julian Assange's lawyers in England opened a final legal challenge to stop the WikiLeaks founder from being sent to the United States. He is facing espionage charges. His attorneys say American authorities are seeking to punish him or exposing serious criminal acts by the U.S.And this is a live look at Budapest from EarthCam. One of the big stories there tonight, a vote in Hungary's parliament on ratifying Sweden's bid to join NATO. It could come as early as Monday. That is according to a senior member of the country's governing party. It would bring an end to more than 18 months of delays by the nationalist government that are frustrated Hungary's allies. Just some of the other stories beyond our borders tonight, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ROBERTS: We are just four days away now from the very first presidential primary in the south. Former President Trump and former Governor Nikki Haley are in their final push to sway voters in South Carolina. Tonight, Bret Baier takes a look at the impact of the primary and what voters are hoping to hear from the candidates. Bret?BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks, John. South Carolina's presidential primary race is the fourth key early state race for Republicans. President Joe Biden already won the Democratic primary there earlier this month. On the Republican side, former ambassador, former Governor Nikki Haley needs to win her home state as former President Donald Trump hopes he'll solidify himself as the presumptive nominee. Tonight we take a look at how the first in the south primary has helped narrow down the Republican field in past elections.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GEORGE H. W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: South Carolina is on the cutting edge.BAIER (voice-over): As history shows.GERALD FORD, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Thank you South Carolina.BAIER (voice-over): Almost every winner in South Carolina --GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I can't think of a better place.BAIER (voice-over): -- has gone on to become the Republican presidential nominee.DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This is a special state.BAIER: Is this Nikki Haley's last stand?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's your home state and winning your home state is so important. South Carolina has a really strong history of picking the Republican nominee. Only in 2012 when they voted for Newt Gingrich did they not do that.BAIER (voice-over): Smaller less populous states such as Iowa and New Hampshire give lesser known candidates the opportunity to compete against those with high name recognition.BOB DOLE, FORMER MAJORITY LEADER OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE: I waited eight years to say, thank you South Carolina.BAIER (voice-over): State has often ended and unlikely candidates momentum and instead boosted establishment politicians who may have fallen behind.BAIER: Why do you think that has been the case in years past?DREW MCKISSICK, SOUTH CAROLINA REPUBLICAN PARTY: Well, you know, I've said before, kind of jokingly, and it's true and a lot of folks who work in politics down here know that South Carolina is sort of the graveyard of presidential campaigns. South Carolina tends to be very representative of the Republican coalition at large throughout the country.BAIER (voice-over): In 2016, it was Donald Trump, who was outside the establishment inner circle.TRUMP: I've never been a politician before, but I see how incompetent they are.BAIER (voice-over): He was able to break through the South Carolina firewall and secure the Republican nomination.TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you.BAIER: As you look at it now, was Trump considered an outsider in 2016 and he's more of the establishment kind of pick this time?MCKISSICK: Whether you consider somebody establishment or not establishment, I think you can certainly look at President Trump as definitely being not an establishment pick and '16 and, you know, more of the establishment pick now.BILL GAROFALO, COMPETITION CARS OWNER: With Trump, here comes a guy that is speaking the things that we want to hear.BAIER (voice-over): We spoke with Competition Cars owner, Bill Garofalo in 2016.BAIER: You're 100 percent you're not changing?GAROFALO: No, I'm not changing. No, sir.BAIER (voice-over): Eight years later, Bill still thinks former President Trump is the best choice.GAROFALO: All this policies. I mean, he just needs to go back and do what he did before.BAIER (voice-over): His car dealership has undergone changes in the last several years.GAROFALO: They, I'm coming to you from the third row seat of this 1970 old Vista Cruiser.BAIER (voice-over): Shifting away from selling late model used cars to selling classic automobiles.GAROFALO: When COVID kicked in, we had the supply chain issue going on. New cars were difficult to get. So the new car dealers were scooping up all the used cars.BAIER (voice-over): Bill believes the former president would have handled the supply chain issues differently.GAROFALO: Trump wouldn't put up with that, he would have had solutions. It takes common sense and reason to deal with a lot of the problems that we had with COVID. And what the Democrats did in the way they're running things right now, it's just ridiculous.BAIER (voice-over): Criticism of President Biden and his party is not reserved solely for Republicans. Elizabeth Ballard has voted Democrat for decades.ELIZABETH BALLARD, SOUTH CAROLINA VOTER: I don't want to vote for Biden. I think he's honestly getting senile, and I'm really disgusted with the Democratic Party for not coming up with a better candidate.BAIER (voice-over): She backed Biden in 2020. Now she's changed her tune.BALLARD: I'm saving my vote for Nikki Haley. It's been coming the past couple of years, my husband is Republican and so I've been listening to what he has to say.BAIER (voice-over): Elizabeth and her husband, Steve, had been married for three years. They voted for different candidates in past elections. This time around the couple is backing Nikki Haley in the primary. While Steve is keeping his options open for the general election. Elizabeth says she will not be voting for Biden or Trump.BALLARD: I'll probably look for an independent they may not get in, but I can't in good conscience vote for either of them.BAIER: What are you hearing from voters about what's important to them in South Carolina?MCKISSICK: You know, honestly, I don't think it's very much different than what you're seeing nationally in polling of Republicans nationwide. And the key issues that are -- that you're hearing about at the national level, immigration being at the top and the economy certainly. You know, those are all things that are definitely resonating here.BAIER (voice-over): With two major candidates left in the Republican race, some voters are undecided, after their top picks ended their campaigns.PAUL HUNTER, SOUTH CAROLINA VOTER: I'm going to try to make up our mind. I think it's going to be between Trump and Haley.TERESA HUNTER, SOUTH CAROLINA VOTER: We weren't DeSantis gung ho and he dropped out. And so now we have to decide whether Haley's going to give us some answers to what we want to hear.NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This town is as sweet and beautiful as it's ever been.BAIER (voice-over): Paul and Teresa Hunter attended Haley's event in Newberry and hoped to hear how she would address illegal immigration.P. HUNTER: I feel that if you're going to come into the country, do it legally. Now our politicians need to get together and figure out a nice, comprehensive immigration plan.BAIER (voice-over): While they hold the same top issues of the economy and immigration, the couple could vote for different candidates when they head to the polls in coming days.T. HUNTER: I want to say that I would go for Nikki Haley and pray that I'm not throwing away my vote.P. HUNTER: and I would probably go for Trump and pray he calms down a little bit. The guy is brilliant. He's got all the right ideas, but sometimes he has to fight around his own foot in his mouth.(END VIDEOTAPE)BAIER: Former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley says she will stay in the race through Super Tuesday. She'll have to overcome a significant deficit in the polls to win in South Carolina and a deficit in delegates to eventually win the nomination. It is an uphill battle but she says she's still in it. We'll send it back to you.ROBERTS: And we'll keep watching that race very closely.Up next, the panel on the Ukraine funding fight. And later, a chance for cool cats to strut their stuff.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: There is no other magic plan that we can unveil to support Ukraine. It's the facts on the ground that will continue to make the case to members of Congress why they need to act.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Joe Biden is prepared to see Russia win in Ukraine because this could have been solved months ago. House Republicans have been very clear, we just want to secure our nation.NANCY PELOSY (D-CA), FORMER HOUSE SPEAKER: In the House of Representatives, there's a Putin caucus. Something's wrong there. And they do it at the behest of one Donald Trump.(END VIDEOTAPE)ROBERTS: The battle continuing over the supplemental spending bill for foreign aid and whether or not money for the border should be in there. Let's kick it around with our panel. Fox's senior political analyst Juan Williams is here along with Jeff Mason, White House correspondent for Reuters, and Katie Pavlich, news editor at townhall.com. Big development in the Ukraine war over the weekend, Russia took the town of Avdiivka. John Kirby saying, we warned you that this was going to happen. Listen to what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: We've been warning Congress that if they didn't act, Ukraine would suffer losses on the battlefield. And here you go. That's what happened this weekend. And that's what's at stake here in Ukraine if we can't get the supplemental funding and get the kinds of arms and ammunition into the hands of Ukrainian soldiers as soon as possible.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: Well, Katie, the big question is, even if Ukraine got those weapons, is it in a position to beat back Russia? Or is Russia inevitably going to win this fight?KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: When you have the State Department saying they need -- that lawmakers on Capitol Hill need to look at the facts on the ground. Well, the facts are that the frontline has not moved for a year. A number of analysts who said that there's a stalemate going on, there's a big question about whether continued funding would allow Ukraine to win. When you had President Zelenskyy here in Washington in December, he met with Speaker Johnson, he met with a number of Republicans, including Republican Michael Waltz, who has been a very big supporter of Ukraine who said there has been no strategy laid out about how Ukraine can actually win.And so the President was given a choice. They're trying to set up this fall of Ukraine to be on Republicans. But they went to the President and said, look, we want border security, and we will vote for Ukraine funding. The President rejected that in terms of reimplementing executive orders, they put a bunch of poison pills into the bill that they wanted Congress to pass, and therefore the Ukraine funding is no longer available as a result of him not agreeing to that double passing of funding for border and Ukraine.ROBERTS: I think Jeff has got something to say.JEFF MASON, WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT, REUTERS: Well, I just, they had a bill, they had a bill with a lot of measures to fight to help bolster the border, a lot of things that Democrats didn't like, and a lot of things that Republicans had called for. They -- it wasn't a grab bag of everything. But it was in there. And it was in a got bipartisan support. And it's the house that I mean, in the Senate after president -- former President Trump said, let's not do this. But there was a lot of bipartisan support for that.ROBERTS: Yesterday, I talked to Brandon Judd from the National Border Patrol Council. He said, yes, there were some good things in that bill. There were also some bad things in that bill.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, they supported the bill. And don't forget that. And it's not just them, it's the Chamber of Commerce supported the bill. The Wall Street Journal editorial page, conservative editorial page supported the bill. A lot of people said this is the best deal on immigration that we've seen in some time. But let's not get away from Ukraine. You know, Katie makes a point, I was listening closely what you're saying. She's saying there's no real way that's been strategically laid out for Ukraine to win this war.ROBERTS: It never has.WILLIAMS: Right.ROBERTS: -- since the beginning.WILLIAMS: But I would say that, you know, I would frame it differently in my thinking, and my thinking this is about the United States, as much as it is about Ukraine. We need to stop Russia. I don't think that if Vladimir Putin is able to claim victory in Ukraine that he's going to stop in Ukraine. I think he keeps going. And I think if he keeps going, what it means for us as Americans is that American young people will be on the battlefield, supporting NATO allies in the future. And I think, you know, we have to understand it's in our strategic interest right now as global leaders to stop Vladimir Putin.ROBERTS: One of the other big arguments that's made against this bill as well, we're going to throw another $60 billion into Ukraine. But Biden points out that a lot of this money is going to go to places like Arizona which manufactures Patriot missiles, Alabama, which manufactures javelins, artillery shells are made in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Texas, stinger production now, they haven't built the new stinger missiles since 2004. The company that makes those is bringing people back out of retirement to do it. So a lot of that money is going to stay here.PAVLICH: Well, certainly much of the money that is being sent to Ukraine is benefiting the manufacturing base here in the United States. But the United States also needs to work on replenishing its own stockpiles. And it doesn't matter how much you produce here in America and sent to Ukraine if there is no strategy for them to win. And again, the President has not done a good job of outlining why it's in the benefit of the Americans to continue this funding.The President of Ukraine has had a lot of corruption problems when it comes to how the aid that does get to Ukraine is being spent. And you're also seeing that these -- the frontline is not moving and they're having a really hard time making sure that they're taking back territory and almost a delusional idea of doing things like taking back Crimea from Russia when they can't even get past the line that's been studied for a year.MASON: I think those concerns outweigh the concern of President Vladimir Putin taking over the whole country. I guess that's kind of a question that the Democrat --PAVLICH: Well, that has not been laid out, right? I mean that's --MASON: Well, that's the risk.ROBERTS: Well, nobody is --PAVLICH: Republicans from the beginning have said and laid out a strategy that the Biden administration needed to give Ukraine what they wanted at the beginning, in a hard hitting fashion. Joe Biden was very slow to respond. And now they're seeing the results of that. This much into the amount of aid --ROBERTS: And no one has yet laid out what an off ramp could be out of this whole thing. Let me just switch gears and go to South Carolina because that's a big one coming up on Saturday. Nikki Haley today, saying she is going to stay in the race. Donald Trump, of course, continues to be the front runner there. Listen to what both of them said today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HALEY: I refuse to quit. South Carolina will vote on Saturday. But on Sunday, I'll still be running for President. I'm not going anywhere.TRUMP: The great capital Washington, D.C. is under siege. I will always defend Medicare and Social Security unlike birdbrain. You know, Nikki Haley, have you ever heard of her? You don't hear her name too much anymore.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: So conventional wisdom would dictate that if you're a former governor, popular former governor of a state and you go into an election and you lose by 30 points, which the polls suggest she will that you're done politically? What do you think, Juan?WILLIAMS: I don't think she's done politically. I think it's very telling to me that the donors continue to stick with Nikki Haley, and that she intends as she said today, to stay in the race, even beyond Super Tuesday, not just talking South Carolina, but beyond Super Tuesday. And I guess --ROBERTS: Michigan, Georgia, she's got --WILLIAMS: Right. So my I guess is, and I think John Roberts told me this, that she may just be hoping that Donald Trump stumbles. And that if he stumbles, either because of legal problems, or for some other reason that she's there and that people will say, wait a second at the convention who has the second largest number of delegates.Now, I will tell the viewers, she's not going to get any delegates if she comes in second in the state like South Carolina the way -- it's the way it's organized is the donor, the winner gets all.ROBERTS: Yes. And she won't get any in California and Texas either if Trump goes over 50 percent. I mean game this out, why is she staying?PAVLICH: The Trump campaign believes that they will be done with this wrapping up the nomination with the number of delegates he needs by March 12th. They say that March 19th, would be the latest worst case scenario for them. Listen very carefully to the language that she's been using. She continues to talk about the 70 percent of Americans who don't want to see Joe Biden and Donald Trump as the rematch.You then hear her in an interview today with Martha McCallum who asked specifically are you willing to do a no labels ticket and run as a third party? She said, I'm focused right now on the Republican primary. And if you look at her backers, her donors, both Republican and Democrat, she may be eyeing past Super Tuesday, past all the delegate counts to seeing what that 70 percent could look like for her in an independent round.ROBERTS: But there's a threshold isn't there, Jeff, where if she goes too far in the GOP primary, she can't suddenly switch and go to a new label?MASON: I don't think so. And I also think politically for her political future, if she wants to remain a player or a potential presidential candidate, again, jumping ship or leaving the party now would take her out of the running -- for running, again, to use the word running twice.ROBERTS: So what do you think, do you buy into this idea of an insurance policy at the convention in case Trump stumbles? I mean, he run for president even if he was convicted, I would think.MASON: I absolutely -- yes, absolutely, he would. And his supporters will continue to support him, although polls do show that a good, a chunk of them would get taken away if he's convicted of a crime. But I think she's playing a long game. I don't think that long game means she's going to get the nomination. I think as Katie rightly says, the Trump campaign has a date in mind for when the former president is going to get it and he's going to get it. But she's going to stick around.ROBERTS: Exciting days ahead to be sure.PAVLICH: Yes, indeed.ROBERTS: Thanks, folks. Good to see you.WILLIAMS: Nice to see you.ROBERTS: And finally tonight it's a special day. Watch here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVEN MESERVE, FOUNDER, LOVING CATS WORLDWIDE: They don't need to be walked in and you go outside, they can pretty much, you know, hang out by themselves for the most part. So we're seeing a lot more people interested and a lot of younger generation.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: A Florida man is putting the cat back in catwalk. Steven Meserve is founder of the rescue nonprofit known as Loving Cats Worldwide. And he hosts a Cat Stravaganza show where owners can bring their furry friends to struck down the catwalk. International judges closely examined the cats to determine the best breeds. Meserve notes that more people are getting cats since the pandemic. Katie and I are dog people.PAVLICH: I'm allergic.ROBERTS: Tomorrow our special report, Presidential brother James Biden appears before House Republicans for a transcribed interview with lawmakers. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR at 6 o'clock Eastern 3:00 p.m. on the West Coast. Thank you for watching tonight and thank you to the panel as well. I'm John Roberts in Washington. I will see you again tomorrow afternoon at 1:00 p.m. for America Reports. The Ingram Angle Town Hall with former President Donald Trump from Greenville, South Carolina.