ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: And then you factor in that the prosecutors looked at this and decided not to bring a criminal case.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Not to bring anything.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everybody, I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Martha MacCallum and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Hunter Biden bolting from the press after wrapping up a marathon day of testifying. The first son showing up on Capitol Hill for his sworn deposition by Republican investigators, just days after his pinky promise to America that he'll stop smoking crack to help save democracy.Hunter's lawyer talking to the press and blasting Republicans for daring to quiz the president's son on his shady business dealings.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABBE LOWELL, Hunter BIDEN ATTORNEY: It seems to me that the Republican members wanted to spend more time talking about my client's addiction than they could ask any question that had anything to do with what they call their impeachment inquiry.So, as I said before, there is no evidence because there is no evidence, and today only confirm that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But James Comer and other Republicans had to remind Americans what this is really all about.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): This was a great deposition for us. It proved several bits of our evidence that we've been conducting throughout this investigation. But there are also some contradictory statements that I think need further review.So, this impeachment inquiry will now go to the next phase, which will be a public hearing.REP. NANCY MACE (R-SC): Hunter Biden is being defiant, and also dishonest and his testimony, some of it is in direct conflict with other witnesses.REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): He didn't want to answer the questions directly that were related to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And lucky for Hunter, the Democratic Avengers were on hand to defend him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): What we just witnessed over the last hour was I think, a deep sea fishing expedition.REP. DAN GOLDMAN (D-NY): If this impeachment inquiry continues, then Chairman Comer and Chairman Jordan are working with Russia.REP. JASMINE CROCKETT (D-TX): They're peddling Russian lies. Basically, the Republicans have become synonymous for Russians. We're talking about someone who was an actual citizen, just a regular schegular citizen.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Republicans apparently hate parents and sons and families that talk to each other by phone often.REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): He was an expert on corporate and governance. He's a very smart and lucid guy who had a terrible struggle with addiction.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: He's just a regular schegular citizen, Greg.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I got to hand it to him. That was a diverse collection of morons. They had morons from every group, and they were all bonafide, 100 percent stupid.This is not a political exercise, as much as it is a lesson in media bias. When they exact warfare on the people they hate, it's noble, it's heroic, it's patriotic. When it's applied to them, then it becomes merely political. It's a show trial.I'm not crazy about this court stuff. But who got the ball rolling here, the marshaling of lawyers, Intel agency, political operatives against Trump, he's being hunted. And now the Republicans are finally learned how to use a rifle, right?So, anyone tried to generate sympathy over Hunter has to remember how little sympathy they held for Trump's family who exists light years away from Hunter's corrupt and sorted shenanigans. They tried to ruin their lives over nothing.This is -- by the way, this is just a deposition. And you have to remember, Hunter's a lawyer, so he's equipped. He's at home in court as much as he is in a crack den.And I -- you know, you got to -- would the media be as sympathetic if a Trump kid had a drug addiction. Ask yourself, they'd go after them if they were snorting Afrin.So, I hate the ping-pongness of court, but I understand why this has to be done. There is concrete proof through e-mails that Joe is using Hunter Biden to make it rain, but the media says there's nothing to see here. It's political.This is from the most politically driven media in the history. The media accusing anybody of being political is like "The View" calling you stupid.WATTERS: So, not a long hearing, Judge Jeanine. I would have expected this thing probably go to 7:00 or 8:00. They wrapped it up around 4:00. Do you think they got enough at this deposition?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I think they got as much as he wanted to give them and that's why it was probably short.But you know, the crazy part about all this is that you know, you've got this whole crew of Democrats and you know, a well-represented crew as Greg says. But you know, they're out there saying nothing happened. Nothing. It's just a poor guy who was drug-addicted. And the guy didn't even finish testifying. I mean, they don't even know what's going on in there.And the bottom line is this, what did the Biden's get? $24 million for. What were they in the business of? Stop kidding each other. This is influence peddling. This is corruption. This is something that is proven not just by Hunter Biden.And by the way, the fact that he's addicted to cocaine and crack cocaine or whatever it is, that's not the issue. And by the way, that's not a defense to any crime. It's not a defense to murder, grand larceny, influence peddling, or lobbying on behalf of a foreign nation, which nobody thought to charge him with. But that's a whole other issue.Joe Biden would not have gone to Ukraine and leveraged a billion dollars of our money, because he wanted to get rid of a corrupt prosecutor in Ukraine, the guy has been dealing with the highest level of crime we've seen in American for 30 years. Has he ever once said, I want to get rid of that prosecutor, he's not prosecuting crime? This guy is corrupt, I'm going to make sure we bring the power of our government to make sure that the American people are represented and are safe and secure, not at once.But he can't wait to get to Ukraine. Why? Because his son is on the board of Burisma. Burisma wants to sit on Wall Street, it can't if there's a problem in Ukraine.So, he flies over there three days after Hunter contact Sam, and leverages a billion dollars in order for them to fire the prosecutor.Look, we know in the end that Joe was brought in at the end of every deal, whether it was dinner, playing golf, a phone call, it's all there, folks, I'm not going to bore you. But these are liars. Joe said he never knew or discussed his son's business, then he was never part of the business, that he never interacted with the associates of his sons. Not to mention he flew over to China on Air Force Two to make sure they connected.And Hunter, you know, Hunter never lied either. He was just addicted when he got a gun. But he didn't know he was addicted, that he shouldn't be responsible. He's guilty.WATTERS: Some of the leaks coming out of this deposition. Harold they said -- Hunter said he went to the Burisma board to fight Russian aggression in Ukraine.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's good to be back with you.WATTERS: Yes, so good to be back at the table with you.FORD JR.: I'd say a couple of things. A lot of this is embarrassing, and I can't figure out for the life of me what the crime is.But put that aside for one moment. Whatever they think the crime is, you have to actually produce evidence to show that someone did something. I hear the judge, a judge has a very strong theory of the case and your theory could be correct. But thus far, I've not heard or seen any evidence to suggest that any of it is true.The one thing that Mr. Comer has --WATTERS: What about the bank records? The $24 million?FORD JR.: So, let's assume -- let's assume that's right. I'm not seeing --WATTERS: What was the money for?FORD JR.: Can I -- can I finish? If someone is paid $24 million, who cares if it's legal? If the art -- listen --WATTERS: Who cares if it's legal?FORD JR.: No, no, who cares -- no, no, listen, who cares, as long as it's legal, Jesse, is what I'm saying.Part of what people are saying about Hunter is that he's unqualified. OK, if he is unqualified, he's a Yale-educated lawyer that started a business. People hire consultants to do things all the time that may not do the job.People hire CEOs all the time who get fired. We don't say they're unqualified. We said they were -- they just didn't do the job right. Well, number one.Number two, if Joe Biden was a part of this, right, let's say he was receiving money. If he were not in government, it wouldn't matter. It's not -- it's not illegal.WATTERS: So, you can bribe a politician's family, you're saying?FORD JR.: Listen to me, he was not in government, when --WATTERS: He got a diamond when he was in -- the vice president.PIRRO: 2017.FORD JR.: So, no, he was not in office in 2017. Remember, your president was there in 2017? No, so you have an allegation. So, listen, I hear you two. But these are facts that I think relevant to this.I listen to Nancy Mace said he was defiant. Defiance is not a crime, nor is defiance grounds for impeachment.So, here's where I'll end it. You all could be right. And you could definitely be wrong. One thing we know, he has complied. He has gone before and sat with him in the -- in the -- and gone with -- gone with the rules. He sat in a closed-door hearing.Apparently, he's going to sit in an open-door hearing, and we'll get a chance to see it.But the only thing I've heard Chairman Comer say is this stuff about two checks in millions of dollars. Now, I'll just say this, and I don't think anything is wrong with it. When President Trump left office, he decided to do business with the LI -- the LIV Golf tournament and they have used rightly so some of his golf courses and I understand he's been compensated for it. That's not something I would do, but that's not illegal.WATTERS: OK. But Hunter is not a real businessman. He doesn't have a website. He doesn't have a real job. He's just a conduit for bribes.FORD JR.: So, Jesse, that's a lot of leaps you're making there, brother and I hear you.WATTERS: Well, it's a leap year, Harold, we got leap over to Martha.FORD JR.: You cannot like him but that doesn't mean because you don't believe he's qualified that he's done something --WATTERS: I didn't said he wasn't qualified.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I would just make a quick point, you know, a contract for using a golf course is a thing. OK, that's an asset that the company has, that someone is contracting.Where are the contracts that were written between where Biden Corporation and what the services we're going to be?And I agree with you, it's quite clear when you watch James Comer, that as much as all of this stinks, I have in 150 suspicious activity reports. I don't have that. Do you? Anybody, nobody has that here.I mean, all these shell companies to hide where this money was going, but what it smacks of more than anything, and I think this is something that the American people will have to decide when it comes to election time. How -- when you join the -- if you become a member of Congress, I'm about to say at age of 28, I think you were about 28 when you --FORD JR.: I was 26 years old.MACCALLUM: But after that -- but after that, you have, you know, you have been employed on Wall Street, you have a number of jobs that you do. Joe Biden's never had that in his life, OK?Hunter Biden said himself, I had to pay for the whole family. I had to give half of everything to pop. And the questions about how he made this money are enormous dealing with China, dealing with Ukraine, and sometimes he fell flat on his face. And maybe that's because he was addicted. Some of these deals fell through and never happened.The American people are the ones who are going to decide this ultimately. I don't think it's going to come down to a criminal issue. I think it's going to come down to what people want in terms of their leadership at the ballot box come November, but all of this is airing that I would say dirty laundry in many cases for people to decide on their own.WATTERS: We're going to have to have Martha give us the last word on that one.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: Because we have a Fox News alert. The Supreme Court has just decided it will take up Trump's immunity case at the end of April. The decision is expected in June. This will put Jack Smith's January 6th case on hold for now. Shannon Bream is in D.C. with more, Shannon.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, this is a significant delay Jesse to what Jack Smith had hoped would be a trial starting March 4th, that's clearly not happening. We weren't sure whether the Supreme Court would get involved or not. Because the D.C. circuit which has that appellate level, just before the Supreme Court had a very lengthy detailed decision, saying that the immunity case would not be a winner for President Trump, they gave him a big loss.So, they went to the Supreme Court and asked for a stay. What the court did was go beyond that, not only stay the case, but say we're actually going to hear it. We're told the briefing will happen in the next few weeks, they will likely hear this case the week of April 22nd.That means that from that point on, we wait. And normally these big decisions come at the end of June. This one has been expedited though, so it may come ahead of that.But until then, that lower court is on hold. Jack Smith cannot proceed at all with any of this January 6th case against the former president. So, we'll wait to see how the arguments go.But remember, once the Supreme Court makes ultimately its decision in this case, then that trial court unpaused is where Judge Chutkan has had the entire thing on pause. I would imagine the Trump team is going to argue at that point.If he loses on the immunity issue, that they need several weeks, if not a couple of months before they can even begin to think about restarting the case, which would then throw it probably to late summer, early fall. And all of this, of course, right in the middle of the election, Jesse.WATTERS: So, Shannon, if he does get a disfavorable ruling by the Supreme Court at the end of June, and he does get a delay. Is that really conceivable that they would have a January 6th federal trial, like after the second debate?BREAM: I mean, it is possible. Of course, there's always so much that you do and they have been arguing there are millions of pages of discovery. What is the rush, we have all of this time? Let's go through this as we would any other federal trial.Special Counsel has argued all along, this is a matter of national importance. We think that people should know whether there's going to be a conviction in this case before this man's name appears on the ballot if he indeed is the GOP nominee as it looks like it will be.But I think even if we get this decision the last week of June, if it's one of those biggies that we get at the very end of the term again, from there, I think the Trump team is going to argue we have pretrial motions, we have discovery that puts us through July, August, maybe September before we'd even be ready to argue this case.So, the early fall is very conceivable for this.WATTERS: And you could also get a favorable ruling by the high court. Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: So, then Shannon we are beginning from square one assuming that the Supreme Court says that there is no immunity here and the -- and the trial goes forward. There have been no pretrial motions made at all in the D.C. case?BREAM: Well, there have been some things going on. There have been discovery.Remember, if you remember a couple of months ago, the government actually tried to produce some of the documents to the Trump team while this thing was supposed to be paused and the Trump team normally you'd want those documents, but they said, oh, no, no, this whole thing is on pause. You can't be giving us documents. We can't be doing any of the normal pretrial stuff.So, all of that Judge as, you know, and can very well explained to everyone that takes time. So once we have a decision from the Supreme Court, if this case goes back to the trial court and starts moving forward, you'll have all of that pretrial motion stuff that could really slow things down.PIRRO: And do you attribute anything to the Supreme Court agreeing to take this on an expedited basis?BREAM: Well, Judge, you know, they made clear to say in this order without expressing a view on the merits, so they're saying we're not taking any position. There's no vote breakdown in here. There's no dissenter. So we don't know how anybody voted or what happened here. You know the former president had asked for estate to put this whole thing on hold for a bit, that would have taken five votes.But what the court did was say, we basically converted the stay into your writ for certiorari, meaning you formally were requesting an appeal. That's how the special counsel wanted this to be treated. That only takes four votes.So, now we're left to just play games, parlor games about guessing who voted how because there's no breakdown in this order.WATTERS: All right, Shannon, thank you so much.BREAM: You got it.GUTFELD: I'm confused. Could somebody remind me what we're talking about? Because what is he being charged with again? This is about obviously immunity.WATTERS: Whether or not you can be charged as a president for acts of January 6.GUTFELD: Well, I know, I want to know what he's being charged with.PIRRO: Well, not insurrection, that we know.MACCALLUM: Obstruction of justice on January 6.GUTFELD: I'm just trying to figure out what it is, what we're going back to that started this whole thing.PIRRO: The underlying crime is obstruction.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: But would this also apply, Judge, to the documents case as well?FORD JR.: It does.PIRRO: You think it does?FORD JR.: Well, I think the president -- the former president said that he could not be charged with anything because of actions he took as president. So, Jack Smith has the tools, the documents and I believe, the January 6.PIRRO: Yes, I mean, they're both federal cases. The question is whether or not the government would argue that his possession after he is president separates it from his having immunity from the time he was president.MACCALLUM: The Supreme Court could divide those two things in their decision.PIRRO: Yes, they might.FORD JR.: Here's the issue. I think also, I don't disagree with the speculation of what we're talking about here. And Greg raises a central point, which will -- which we should get the answer to here. And I think there are probably two cases here, two cases with maybe interrelationships here.This was the core of President Trump's charge or claim that he should not be charged at all.PIRRO: Yes, defense. So, if this is the core of his early defense or pre- defense strategy here, which is all part to the Judge's point. And if the court -- if the Supreme Court says that the president does have immunity, which the president has asserted, he has unconditional immunity, then all of this will go away for the president, not only will it clear the way for no trial or not a trial before the election, we will have no trial period.But if he loses on this before the court, this opens the door I believe for a quicker trial. I think one of the things that I wanted to ask Shannon, I don't know the answer to this is how many pretrial motions. I think you were trying to get at this too, Judge, how many pretrial motions have there been so far? And do we have a sense of how many that Mr. Trump's team has said they want to present?Maybe they'll come up with other ones. But without this immunity defense, I mean, to cut you off, Judge. This is a -- this would be an incredible blow to President Trump's defense to not have a trial. I'm not saying he's guilty, but to not have a trial to trial with likely I think go forward soon.PIRRO: You mean for them to agree that he is -- that he has immunity?FORD JR.: To say he does not have immunity.PIRRO: Oh, obviously.FORD JR.: Well, I think it goes more quickly. I don't think -- I think it will -- I think it will happen in the summer. I don't think they will move this. I don't think they will push this back until after the election. I don't think the judge will.PIRRO: Well, but it depends upon the pretrial motion calendar. And what Shannon was saying was, you know that the president was saying, no, not so fast. We've got this immunity issue. I got the sense that they were holding off on Discovery and on those motions until they got a decision on the fundamental aspect of whether or not this man has immunity as president.MACCALLUM: Well, they -- I mean, they're looking for ways to delay, delay, delay, right? I mean, that's part of the strategy and I just want to correct myself, I believe it's obstruction of a Federal proceeding, not justice.GUTFELD: Yes, like pulling a fire alarm.PIRRO: Oh, very good.GUTFELD: -- fire alarm. He said protest peacefully, which is always left out of the media coverage. That's why this is a bunch of B.S.WATTERS: All right. Well, we'll see from what I understand he's going to be arguing that it's -- he's not immune from everything. He can't just go out and just commit random felonies willy-nilly.FORD JR.: While he's president.WATTERS: Oh, no, no, it's a narrower scope. He's saying, while perform -- this is while performing my official duties as commander-in-chief. He's not arguing he can go out and murder people.FORD JR.: He did. Unconditional immunity.WATTERS: I know, and that will not be the case. And they will not rule on that.PIRRO: Are you saying what the law is -- President Trump is saying?WATTERS: That's a garbage argument. If that argument was made, it's a garbage argument and the Supreme Court will likely rule, no, he does not have blanket immunity. But while exercising his official duties as president, he should have immunity, whether that's prosecuting war, fighting for election integrity, or anything else he's doing.FORD JR.: Well, guess what? Supreme Court's going to decide.GUTFELD: Have you ever been injured in an automobile accident while at work? Call 1-800 Jesse Watters. 1-800 Jesse Watters for all your lawsuit needs.WATTERS: And I say that without having gone to law school, probably. And that makes me know the law better. Right, Judge?PIRRO: With two of us right here.WATTERS: That's OK.PIRRO: But I like your confidence, Jesse. I love it.WATTERS: False bravado will get you everywhere. We're monitoring this breaking news and we'll bring you updates.Coming up, uncommitted voters in Michigan giving sleepy Joe a big wakeup call in November.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Joe Biden might need an extra scoop of ice cream to sue this bruised ego. After 100,000 uncommitted voters spoiled his big victory in the Michigan Democratic primary, the far-left group of Democrats totaling 13 percent of the primary vote as a way to bully Joe into backing a ceasefire in Israel. It's sure to send a shock down the spine of Democrats who thought November was going to be a cakewalk.Keep this in mind, Democrats lost Michigan in 2016 by only 11,000 votes. And right on cue, the media is melting down over it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: We'll get to Chicago at the convention. And this thing is still going on. I don't want to think about what's going to happen there.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's a wow, this is a Vice President Biden carried big time in 2020. This is key to his chances in defeating Donald Trump in Michigan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Michigan is going to be tougher, because you got a bunch of constituencies that we need that right now are grumpy, to say the least.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: I understand that you're frustrated. But you got to realize, if you let this other one in, we're all screwed.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: The other big concern Democratic voters have about the president is over his advanced age. Joe Biden just had his annual physical, and it says the president is a, "healthy, active, robust, 81-year-old male who remains fit to successfully execute the duties of the presidency."The White House goes on to claim the Biden's doctors don't think he needs a cognitive test. But how about a push up contest?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'll bet you anything that Joe Biden could beat the daylights out of Trump in a -- in a push up contest, for example. And Trump knows it too. Although if it was a cheeseburger eating contest, it might turn out differently.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK. All right. I'll start with you, Martha, you know, this uncommitted group, they were looking for 10,000 votes, they ended up getting over 100,000 votes of uncommitted voters against Biden.They feel emboldened by this, they think they're going to go to the, you know, to Chicago when they're going to be able to make a difference in the platform. What do you think?MACCALLUM: Well, you know, I think it's interesting that we've seen over the last several weeks a number of high-profile Democrats questioning whether or not Joe Biden should be the candidate. This gives them another arrow in their quiver, if they want to continue to poke at this and say, oh, he's going to have big problems.James Carville said, I think it's a lot deeper than just progressive advocates or young people, I hope the president can get some kind of ceasefire and take this off the front burner. So, they see this as a very difficult issue for him.On the other hand, you know, he can't run the risk of upsetting Jewish voters in the Democrat base, either because they're already -- they're already, you know, aligning with conservatives and President Trump in bigger ways.So, they are in a very tight spot here. I just wonder if they're going to use this difficulty that they saw on Michigan last night against Joe Biden and try to encourage him to push up. They don't have an alternative, of course.One of the things I've just mentioned about Michigan that there was a 30 percent more Republican votes cast and democrat vote in Michigan. It's a big number 320,000 votes.So, what does that show? Does it show that Republicans turned out more for the primary, or does it show something significant for November but that's a big number in terms of turnout for Republicans last night.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, we know that Biden is not doing well with the youth vote, although to Biden, everybody's younger. Uh, but, you know, there's talk about -- there's talk about whether or not he's competing, the young voters going out to vote.WATTERS: You're the youth voters.PIRRO: Don't go there, Jesse. Now, I lost my train of thought. The issue is whether or not these young people stay home on the couch. You know, if they're not fired up about him to begin with.WATTERS: So, not only did he lose a lot of Arabs to the uncommitted, he lost Ann Arbor and East Lansing, which is University of Michigan and Michigan State.GUTFELD: Go Blue.WATTERS: Go Blue. So, you're seeing the college students also not show up to be uncommitted. And the question is, if Trump's on the ballot in November, and Joe Biden, are they going to come around to go home with Joe, they're not voting for Trump. So they're going to either do third party, or they're not going to vote at all, or just go down ballot.And if I were Biden, I'd be scared because Wayne County where Detroit is, 25 percent of that vote was uncommitted. That's a lot.And so, he has to bank on peace in the Middle East Judge to bring back the uncommitted. He has to make a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians in order to consolidate his base. That is a tall order.And we don't know if RFK Jr. is even going to make the ballot, if he does, that's even bigger problem for Joe Biden. They gave the president a clean bill of health. That must mean then he could stand trial for the documents case.PIRRO: Yes, good point.WATTERS: And debate Trump.PIRRO: All right. I'm going to go to you next, Harold. You know, they say that -- I think it was Karine Jean-Pierre who said that, you know, President Biden is -- he doesn't need a cognitive test. And they gave us his current health issues that he's being treated for apnea and reflux and a bunch of other stuff. Are you comfortable with this president?FORD JR.: Look, I really feel youthful when I talk about President Biden. I think a couple things. First, there's a history of protest votes in Michigan. Obama in 2012 for re-election, he lost 20,000 of vote. 20,000 people voted uncommitted. Now, it's 101,000. This go around so let me -- now, I'm not naive nor am I trying to downplay the fact that this is a serious issue and I hope that the campaign takes it seriously. I thought my old friend James Carville had it -- had it largely right. If we find ourselves um going to Chicago as Democrats and this issue -- these issues continue to percolate and continue to be high on people's and voters minds, it's going to be a challenge.Two things. I think -- I think that -- I'm saying Sandra. I think that Martha raised -- because Sandra was here yesterday. I think Martha raised - -PIRRO: They all look alike.WATTERS: Come on, Harold.FORD JR.: Well, you do. But Sandra was sitting there yesterday. It's a joke. The -- Martha raised a point that if I were in the White House, I'd be slightly more concerned about, as concerned about. I think the enthusiasm gap was even higher than what you attributed. I think it was almost 35 to 40 percent more Republicans showed up.Now, some will argue because you had Nikki Haley and you -- and -- in the race and you have these two parties going at one another, and that certainly is a plausible explanation. But if you're serious about politics, you got to look at that seriously and be mindful of that.Finally, two-thirds of the country -- more than two-thirds of the country does not want a rematch between Joe Biden and Donald Trump. Is age a part of it? Maybe. I haven't seen all the polling data, but I think there may be some fatigue around other issues as well. So, if I'm President Biden, you have to figure out ways in which we bring about peace and security even if we have to use force and even massive force to the threat of it at times to secure it.And I hope that the White House does not back down in our support for releasing the hostages and I hope we don't back down in our support for ensuring that we try to weaken Hamas in every which way that we can. And we ought to say that in a way to unite our party and unite people who believe that peace and security in the Middle East is the future. But it can't be if we allow Hamas to be a central and important part of it.PIRRO: Well, I guess they're recommending a two-state solution. I don't know if that works. Greg, wrap it up.GUTFELD: Well, you know, if this uncommitted voting thing is about Israel and Hamas, I don't think that's good news for Americans in general when you have a large segment of society that looks at a response from one country to a horrific attack of rape and dismemberment as somehow worse than the attack itself. That kind of frightens me. It's not a Democrat-Republican thing. I would prefer a different outcome that would be favorable to Biden even if it helps Trump because, I mean, I get the enemy of my enemy is my friend, but Biden is not my enemy, Hamas is, right?So, I don't think these folks that are doing this protest vote are suddenly going to embrace make America great again over Joe Biden. Michelle Tlaib -- is that her name? What's her first name?WATTERS: I don't know if it's Michelle.PIRRO: Rashida.GUTFELD: Rashida Tlaib, right, voted against condemning Hamas as a terrorist group, right? That's the hero in this. That's not good. I think the problem with the Dems is they cultivated identity separatism and now the chickens come home to roost. They have one large identity faction who see themselves as a certain nationality before they see themselves as Americans. I don't like that outcome.PIRRO: I don't either. Good analysis, Greg.GUTFELD: Thank you.PIRRO: You're welcome. Coming up, an explosive moment over the murder of Laken Riley by an illegal immigrant. The mayor of the sanctuary city getting raped over the coals. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Liar!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Liar!KELLY GIRTZ, MAYOR, ATHENS, GEORGIA: We're here to listen.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Liar!PIRRO: More on that next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Who's this?MACCALLUM: Willie, Willie Nelson. So, some Democrats and the media trying to portray the horrific murder of young Laken Riley by an illegal immigrant as just one instance that Republicans are seizing on. But it's not true. There are many terrifying cases that are adding up across the country. In Maryland, a 25-year-old illegal Salvadoran migrant was arrested in connection with the shooting and killing of a 2-year-old child. In Virginia, a Venezuelan migrant charged with sexually assaulting a 14-year- old girl. In Louisiana, a Honduran migrant was arrested for allegedly raping a 14-year-old and stabbing a man during a robbery.Americans are taking notice. And today there was a stunning moment in Athens, Georgia where Laken Riley was murdered. Now, the town's Democratic mayor is getting shouted down by residents who are furious over the sanctuary city -- sanctuary city policy there. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Who voted to make Athens, Clark County a sanctuary city, sir? Who? What's their name?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're a liar.GIRTZ: We here to listen.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Liar.GIRTZ: There will be time for question.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're a liar. You are guilty and got blood on your hand. You need to go, sir. We don't want to hear from you no more. You're not defending us. You're not upholding your oath of office, sir. You are lawless.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, he then asked for that man to be taken out of the room. Jesse, I watched this this morning and I thought to myself, he came out, he talked about how much money they were spending on safety initiatives now in Athens in order to, you know, make people feel better about this problem looking into the future. And then he went through a bunch of statistics saying, you know, when you look at college towns, we're actually safer than other college towns. I don't know how this makes anybody feel better about what happened to Laken Riley. And shortly after that, you heard people basically lose their minds in that room.WATTERS: Yes, because the country is sick and tired of being lied to. They tell us there's no inflation, there's no crime wave. They say there's no evidence Biden is corrupt. They're sick of it. And they're just going to start yelling at politicians. It's the only way you can get their attention.One of the reasons he can state that there's no correlation between illegal immigration and crime is because all of the cities in the country are sanctuary cities so they don't report any of the illegal alien crime to the FBI. So, at the end of the year, they don't have the statistics. Not only that, most of the time they label all of these illegal aliens as white, so it still doesn't show up in any of the data.This guy's a liar. Two years ago he was on T.V. talking about ICE is bad and Trump is demonizing aliens because of his comments at Charlottesville. And we're going to protect the illegal immigrant population of this town. I looked up his little law on sanctuary city, it's riddled with loopholes. There's -- this is a sanctuary city county. They popped a guy for shoplifting, didn't tell ICE. Same with New York, popped them for illegal endangerment of a child, didn't tell ICE.Again, they caught him, released him at the border. Georgia and New York, this is destroying the Democratic Party.MACCALLUM: You know, Harold, you look at a lot of cities across the country run mostly by Democrats who basically told ICE they had no agency in those cities. They weren't able to deport people, not able to take them out. Now, mayor Adams is saying we have to go back to the way that it was. Because if it was that way in New York when this -- per this individual who is suspected of killing this young woman, endangered the life of a child, he could have been deported immediately. Your thoughts on that.FORD JR.: Well, I couldn't agree with you more. I think what Mayor Adams is trying to do, he should be supported on. I'm not a big believer on you go to town meetings and you just yell at people and yell at politicians. I understand what you're saying you want to get them to listen, but the way you yell at the politicians, you un-elect them, but that's beside the point.I think what you're saying is absolutely right. If I were in Congress and the majority, I'd probably be doing something a lot different than what people are doing now in the Congress. And if they don't want to pass the bipartisan agreement that's been reached in the Senate, why not pass a law and send it to the Senate saying that any city that adopts sanctuary -- a sanctuary law poster, we will deny you federal funds for law enforcement and other things if you don't do this.If they feel that strong -- because I feel strongly about it. I mean, I'm passionate about this. I think this issue -- the story that I hear here in New York City from friends, both parties -- party is not really the issue at all. The fist fights and the knife fights -- I had a friend that told me about a knife fight as she was going to work on the subway yesterday early in the morning between two people whom she believed were migrants. No one should be subjected to that.So, I think that -- the idea of yelling is great, but we have an opportunity to bring about some answers here. The White House could sign a reinstatement of some of the Trump border policies that were executive orders, and the Congress should pass laws that give more money to how more cops law enforcement and change the asylum process at the border. If we do that, we'll get closer to not allowing more of these awful human beings into our country.MACCALLUM: But Jeanine, Harold is acknowledging what's happening in cities. President Biden came out today and did not acknowledge it. He was in the room with a whole group of police chiefs from around the country and talked about how much better things are now, that the homicide rates are down, didn't mention Laken Riley.PIRRO: Joe Biden comes out and he gaslights us again. He said today, and I wrote it down, he said that violent crime is down. He said that we should be happy basically and feel good that they're bringing all these police chiefs together and you know, violent crime is down, and that police are able to confront the violence. That's a bunch of hogwash, OK. It's more lying to the American people.We are in a very dangerous intersection right now in this country, the intersection of crime and immigration. And what we are seeing in all of those cases that you identified, Venezuela, Honduras, El Salvador, and what was the other one? Honduras, Venezuela, El Salvador. The one guy from El Salvador, there's an MS-13 gang member. And I used to prosecute these people. I know them well, OK. What this guy had was a red alert on him. The red alert is when El Salvador issues a national, international alert saying anyone who finds him, hold him, we will come and get him. That's El Salvador saying that.Well, where is he? He's in the United States committing crimes. We deport them and they come back. This one guy came back four times in one of those cases you talked about. We deport them even if we get to the point where we can and then we let them right back. We're like a bunch of wimps who don't know how to run a country.And you know, the idea of feds denying federal funding, we -- there was talk of this during the Trump years, and the problem with that is whether it's a burn grant or any other grant that I got when I when I was D.A. is you can't deny funding and say you're a sanctuary city because that funding also involves protection for children, it involves fighting car theft, it involves child abuse, it involves violence against women, it involves all kinds of things. So, it's not --MACCALLUM: But then, doesn't that force that city to say, OK, we're not a sanctuary city? That's the idea, put the pressure on.PIRRO: But here is the point. The problem is some of these places are sanctuary cities not because of the federal government, not because of the governor. New York City is a sanctuary city. You know why? Because Koch said it was a sanctuary city, and then DeBlasio came in and said it was a sanctuary city, they were going to make it even more loose, OK.So, Mayor Adams, you know, I don't buy a thing he says, all right. He comes out and he says well, we can't help it we're a sanctuary. And someone says to him, well, what are you going to do about it? He says, I don't know. Can we? He was interviewed. He said he didn't know. Now, he's all out against it. No. Put it on the city council's calendar and get rid of New York City as a sanctuary city and allow them to come in. The -- and the American people have a right to fight this and they have a right to be angry.MACCALLUM: And I think that's why they're emotional at that meeting and standing up and saying so. Greg, what do you think?GUTFELD: Well, OK, I'm just curious how the A.P. is going to report these other crimes. An illegal alien rapes a 14-year-old girl. Are they going to talk about the risks of reaching puberty? It sounds gross right but that's exactly the mentality. It's that it's on you for living your own life. I love how whenever you listen to Liberals, they always begin each conversation with one sentence, we need to have a conversation, it's time for a conversation. And then when you have the conversation, they accuse you of pouncing or seizing. But if you don't pounce or seize, you never ever have the conversation.In terms of crime rates, if you never talk about crime until it's immigration, that's a bit odd. I would call that political. But Republicans talk about crime all the time consistently whether it's citizens, illegal aliens, mass theft, looting, arson. Man, it's our wheelhouse. We scream it every day and the media doesn't listen. It's not pouncing or political if you're passionate about both illegal and legal crime. Who's not passionate? Biden.He's going to the Border tomorrow not because of bad people but because of bad polling. That's the only reason why he's going there. It's disgusting that we have to come to this and that because you care people question your mindset. Go F yourself.PIRRO: I'm with you.FORD JR.: But she still should go, right?GUTFELD: Who?FORD JR.: The President.GUTFELD: I would --MACCALLUM: But not to Brownsville. If he wants to see what's going on, don't go to Brownsville. Go somewhere where you can actually see what's going on.FORD JR.: There's no need to yell at me. We need a policy.GUTFELD: I want to yell at you, Harold.MACCALLUM: I'm not yelling at you. Everyone is yelling, Harold. All right, coming up --GUTFELD: Let's have a conversation.MACCALLUM: Straight ahead, a ridiculous Willy Wonka scam had children in tears and parents calling the cops.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Parents calling the cops over a nightmare Willy Wonka experience that left children in tears. Moms and dads getting lured online by a phony A.I. generated imagery. But instead of a lush technicolor wonderland, folks got a sparsely decorated venue in a creepy warehouse. Organizers have apologized and claim they're going to issue refunds.Interesting story. Exclamation Point, do you have a strong opinion about this?GUTFELD: They totally screwed up. They should have just changed the movie. No, it's not about Willy Wonka. If you look at it, you can say, you know, it's really about Soylent Green, you know, or the Matrix. Just change the movie to fit the atmosphere. This reminds me of the local fair side shows. You know, they'd say the world's tiniest man and it's just a short guy in a diaper. Or the lizard lady and it's some chick with a skin condition. And the world's fattest man, they show you a picture of Brian Stelter.It's like so -- it's just -- you know, you got to be skeptical. Don't be first. Be skeptical.MACCALLUM: You know what? This is the fire festival for kids, right? They were hyped. Everybody thought they were going to something really fun. But my message for our parents is don't sign up for these stupid things. Kids are very easily entertained. You know, take them outside, go to the playground, go to the library, have a little fun. You don't need to spend $45 on this kind of garbage.FORD JR.: If Gigi and Jesse Jr., you showed up at this, what would you do?WATTERS: Oh, I'll pretend like it's phenomenal. And so, we're going to the circus on Saturday.MACCALLUM: Nice.WATTERS: Barnum and Bailey and Ringling Brothers, no relation, and if I showed up to the circus and it was like a squirrel running through like a two by four, I'll be like, look at that squirrel Junior. And I'd be like, yes, I'll have a drink please, actually two. Just make it fun.FORD JR.: When you said no relation, what did you mean?WATTERS: Bailey.FORD JR.: Bailey, got it.PIRRO: Bailey, OK. All right, when I'm with my grandson -- well, I just bring him in the kitchen. I cook for him. He sits there in his old chair.MACCALLUM: He loves it.PIRRO: He can't -- he can't move. He's very happy. I give him ice cream. And the more ice cream -- the more ice cream, my daughter's very --MACCALLUM: And you're making good memories.FORD JR.: And you are -- and you're a great cook.GUTFELD: We'll be right back.FORD JR.: Judge is a great cook. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg?GUTFELD: Oh, tonight, we got another great show 10:00 p.m. We have Jamie Lissow, Nicholas Giordano, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus, 10:00 p.m. Watch it. Hey, let's do this. Greg's How Many Nuts. Who's going to win this beautiful squirrel statue made in Taiwan by the National Artcraft Company? All right --PIRRO: All right.GUTFELD: What -- guess how many nuts.PIRRO: Nine.FORD JR.: 11.WATTERS: Eight.MACCALLUM: Seven.WATTERS: Oh, come on, Martha.PIRRO: Who's going to win?GUTFELD: Roll it.WATTERS: One.PIRRO: It doesn't have a big mouth.MACCALLUM: Three.GUTFELD: Look at those nuts.PIRRO: Seven is going to be it.GUTFELD: He can take his nuts.PIRRO: Oh, God.MACCALLUM: Five, six, seven.PIRRO: Seven.MACCALLUM: Uh-oh, here you go, Jesse. Eight, nine -- that's hilarious.PIRRO: I said nine.GUTFELD: 10. Judge (INAUDIBLE).FORD JR.: I said 11.GUTFELD: Yes, but you're over.PIRRO: You said 11. You can't go over. I won it.WATTERS: Reigning nut queen.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Stop it. OK, so, here's something you don't see every day. A bunch of goats were brought in to clear the underbrush to help prevent fires. Well apparently, they got out through a Texas neighborhood, but dozens of goats managed to escape. They went for a stroll. Police helped wrangle them back in their pen. Can you imagine that coming across your front lawn? They're in a rush too. Come on, Greg, say something funny.GUTFELD: That's the goat.WATTERS: There it is.GUTFELD: The greatest of all time.WATTERS: All right, you guys want to see a jet suit race? Finally, we have some high-tech sports. Look at these two guys in Dubai obviously zipping around 1500 horsepower, 80 miles an hour. Why can't we have these in America? Come on, Joe Biden.PIRRO: Is it safe?WATTERS: That's it for us tonight.GUTFELD: They're probably illegals, Jesse.WATTERS: Probably illegals. That's probably how they crossed. Have a great night.