MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That does it for us. You can catch me tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. Eastern time alongside John Roberts on "AMERICA REPORTS." Thanks again for joining us. For now, here is "THE FIVE."GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, I'm Greg Gutfeld, along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, and she goes sledding on a beer coaster, Dana Perino. THE FIVE.Kamala is ready to assume if Biden's campaign meets its doom. The V.P. telling the Wall Street Journal, she's primed to be president whenever the big guy is deemed no longer fit for office. She said, "I am ready to serve. There's no question about that." But you'd have to fall out of a coconut tree to believe that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You think you just fell out of a coconut tree? You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you.The significance of the passage of time. So, when you think about it, there is great significance to the passage of time.Who doesn't love a yellow school bus? Right? Can you raise your hand if you love a yellow school bus? Right?My love in diagrams. Always ask, is there a Venn diagram for this? I'm telling you. It's fascinating when you do.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: But one Venn diagram you will never see is Kamala and voters who like her. 42 percent of Americans say they have a very negative view of the V.P. Even the White House can't stand her. One senior official trashing Kamala for being a lousy border czar saying, "She's been at best ineffective and it were sporadically engaged in not seeing it was her responsibility. It's an opportunity for her and she didn't fill the breach."Speaking of filling breaches, man, the President looking confused and seemingly having no idea where to stand behind Jordan's King Abdullah II yesterday. So, is it time for a cognitive exam?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Does the White House think that the idea of the President taking a cognition test, a cognitive test as a part of this physical is a legitimate idea?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The President proves every day how he operates, how he thinks, right? By dealing with world leaders, by making really difficult decisions on behalf of the American people, whether it's domestic, whether it's national security. And so, he shows it every day on how he thinks, how he operates. And so, that is how -- that is how Dr. O'Connor sees it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Jesse, you, like me, must be enormously conflicted because we know a president Kamala Harris would be great for our shows, but lousy for the country. And you're -- I mean, what comes first? You're a patriot, but you're also a self-serving monster. So, how do you feel about that?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, first of all, happy Easter, Greg. Thank you. I love that sweater. I feel I'll be just fine, even if Kamala Harris is president, because of the deep state.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: And -- but I just want reporters to keep asking Kamala this question. Because every time they ask her, are you fit to serve? And she says, yes. We're reminded that Biden isn't fit and that she will never be fit. So, keep asking this, reporters. I love this question. And every time now the reporters ask them anything, is he going to take a cognitive test, why doesn't he do more press conferences, will you agree to the release of the video with a special counsel interview that showed that he didn't know when he was vice president?If they say no, we're not going to do any of these things, it looks like they're covering up the age factor. And if they say, sure, release the video where I didn't know when my son died, it looks like he didn't know when your son died. So, they're caught and tickled by it.It looks like the media -- permission to make an analogy.GUTFELD: Absolutely.WATTERS: -- has been given their learners permit. Remember when you're 16 and you're just hitting the road and you're only allowed to drive to and from work or you have to get home before 9:00? The media has now been given license to cover the age factor. Before it was just a Fox News story, now it's mainstream. Everything now is covered by the lens of the age.Now, he made a verbal slip up. Well, now he doesn't have anything on his schedule. And then they keep asking these questions to Biden who's never had to face this before, except from our very own stupid son of a bitch, Peter Doocy. And now the media is divided into two camps. You have one side of the media that says, Biden is Einstein. And then you have the other side that's like, let's switch them out with Newsom at the convention.And this hurts the Democrats because when the media is divided like that, they're not on offense against Trump and MAGA. And if you can just keep the Democrats on defense like that, that's how you win an election.GUTFELD: Very good analysis, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you.GUTFELD: Judge, no cognitive test. I think that's a -- I think that might be a first since they instituted it back in the 1500s. But I've not heard of this.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What, that he's not taking it?GUTFELD: No. This is the first time a president hasn't taken it as part of their physical exam.PIRRO: Well, of course, he can't take it. It's just like he can't do the interview at the Super Bowl. What do they say, 120 million people watched that? They weren't going to let him go out there and make a fool of himself. And by the way, when you were reading the introduction, Joe Biden goes behind King Abdullah, goes to the right, and then goes to the left. And what you didn't see was he went back to the right behind the president. He doesn't even know where to stand.Here he is on the right. He'll go to the left. Now watch. Then he goes to the right again. Watch. He goes to the right. It's crazy. I mean, it really is embarrassing. But here's the thing. You know, Kamala Harris with 42 percent of the people have a very negative view of her, she comes out and she says, everyone who meets me says that I'm ready to serve and I am ready. She can't -- she can't identify anyone.But then you say to yourself, but wait a minute, isn't everyone, whoever worked for you going in the opposite direction? If you're leading, why are they all quitting, you know? There isn't anybody who wants to stick around. And what have you done for the past three years?And that's the saddest part of it all. Because I want to see a woman succeed. You know, I want -- look, the border is the biggest issue to Americans today. And by the way, kudos to Greg Abbott. Everybody trashed him. They said he was a xenophobe. They said it was -- it was a stunt. The truth is now America gets what's going on. What have you done for the border, Kamala?You had so many opportunities to prove yourself as an effective woman, as a woman who could lead. And how many times have they reshaped her? Dana, we've talked about it.PIRRO: 17.PIRRO: Yes, at least. And in the end, she, by the way, denied the Sunday shows on the Hur report, you know. And yet she claims the reason they're not popular is because of messaging. But he won't do an interview. She won't do an interview. She's not doing the Sunday shows because she can't talk about what happened with Joe Biden, because they all say he's so effective, he's so effective in private. Well, then in public, why isn't he effective?GUTFELD: You know what's interesting, Dana? If I -- I think the interview that we were quoting from Kamala was before, was done before the horrible week.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Oh, I don't know when -- I don't know when it was done.GUTFELD: I mean, she saw this coming.PERINO: Well, it's been coming.GUTFELD: What did you say in my year? It was two days before. Thank you.PERINO: Oh, thank you. Wow.GUTFELD: I hope that was a voice.PERINO: Wow. Are you talking to --GUTFELD: What? Kill Jesse Watters? Must kill Jesse Watters.PERINO: Got it. Got it. Got it. So, what -- in the article, it says she's sporadically engaged.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: I'm like, that's not very good. And then it's almost like she's a tourist within the White House.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: She comes in, every once in a while, you see her. And Veep was such an effective show, and it made me laugh so hard, because it's so realistic. And then you get to this administration, and you're like, whoa, this is their reality. In the show, one of the funniest things was every time the vice president, Selena Gomez, gets back to the -- her office, she says, did the president call? And they say, no. And that's exactly what's happening here.And then she does an interview, and they say, are you ready to go on? She's like, I'm ready to go on day one. Well, that's the -- that's the bare minimum of what the vice president is supposed to be able to do.The other problem is voters have eyes, Democrats, and family members of Biden saying that he's great is expected. They have no third-party validator saying I was with Biden, and he's fine, guys, he's fine. Or I saw her in a meeting, she was incredible. I mean, do you ever hear that from somebody who doesn't work that's being paid to say that? No.GUTFELD: No. Not at all. You know, Harold, I was shocked what you said in the green room. You said to me, Greg, you look great in that sweater.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I did say that.GUTFELD: Yes. And then you said, you know, if the Democrats hadn't stolen the election, Trump would have won and then they wouldn't be in this situation with a frail president and an incompetent vice president. And instead, they would have an array of strong candidates to go after eight years of Trump. I just wish they had played fair.And then you let -- you started weeping. Anyway.FORD JR.: I thought after I said your sweater looked good, I said your tie looked good, too.GUTFELD: Yes.FORD JR.: But maybe I said all that other stuff also. Look, I admire her confidence. No -- all the vice president in our --PERINO: You go, girl.FORD JR.: Exactly. Our last vice presidents, Quayle, Cheney, Pence, H.W. Bush, Gore, Biden, none of them lacked confidence. All of them thought they would be ready to serve if the opportunity presented itself. And in fact, two of them had a chance to serve. H.W. did, and Biden did. And Biden is. There's no -- there's no getting around the fact that the vice president has had some missteps. And we certainly have -- had our share of chronicling them on this show. And she deserves to be spotlighted when those things happen.For me, the most glaring challenge for the vice president is she was given I think the most important combination of a national security and domestic policy issue, which was the border. And I think, whomever that anonymous or person, didn't want to be identified in the administration who questioned her efficacy and effectiveness around the issue, I think that's a legitimate point.We've had advice. Dana and others around the table have tried to give advice. One of the things I've never quite understood is she -- was one of the most effective crime fighters as an attorney general in the country. Why you wouldn't travel around the country and get the best practices in crime fighting and figure out where the best morale is for police officers around the country and put together proposals and plans to help those police departments has always baffled -- has always baffled me.Now, when it comes to the cognitive test, I don't agree we should give a president of the United States a cognitive test. People do --PIRRO: Even him?FORD JR.: Let me just finish. I think people do stupid things all the time, and they do foolish things all the time. In fact, a lot of people who are in positions of power do foolish things and stupid things all the time. That doesn't mean that they are cognitive or not. They -- look, if you didn't have this piece of tape here, I wouldn't know where to sit every day. I sit off of it off and on, and I'm only 53. And I hope my wife and kids don't want me to take a cognitive test.But the truth and matter about Vice President Harris, she's like every other Vice President, but I would say this. You would raise those numbers from 42 to higher if the border had been a bigger part of the portfolio over the last couple of years.GUTFELD: All right. Coming up, buy some bleeping eggs. A fitness guru cracking Bill Maher's mind on inflation.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: All right, Liberal comic Bill Maher declaring on a recent podcast that he thinks the U.S. is winning economically, but his guest fitness guru, Jillian Michaels, hitting back and pointing to the high cost of pretty much everything. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: We won the pandemic economically. I mean, America --JILLIAN MICHAELS, FITNESS GURU: I mean, I don't feel that way. Explain it to me. I feel like inflation is the same.MAHER: Number. Inflation is not insane.MICHAELS: Bill. Go by a car.MAHER: There's numbers. I understand. Things --MICHAELS: A house has tripled here.MAHER: Look, I get that people.MICHAELS: Buy some eggs.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And inflation continues to take a major bite out of our pocketbook. Since Biden took office, prices are up nearly 18 percent. And today, brand new numbers came in hotter than expected for January. But President Biden's good friends over at Morning Joe insist the economy is just fine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, HOST, MSNBC: You want to know how Biden's doing? Look at your 401(k). Look at your stock app and see how much money you're making every hour because there's not a crazy lunatic in the White House. But these freaks, I'm not exactly sure what they think they're going to get from Donald Trump, but they're going to get none of that.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Trump -- Harold, when Trump was president, the Stock Market was considered not a measure of the economy. But now, the Democrats want to say the Stock Market is a measure of the economy. But that's not really reflective of what Jillian Michaels was saying, which is the price of eggs is still really high for people.FORD JR.: So, two things can be right. I hate differing with Dana, but I do think President Trump talked a lot about the Stock Market. He would say --PERINO: No, I know. He got ridiculed for it in the media.FORD JR.: I didn't. I think those of us who are -- who try to be thoughtful and think about this, Democrat and Republican alike, you have to acknowledge we're making -- we're reaching records. And I think what Joe Scarborough was saying was if you're a wealthy person in the country, you're richer than you were before.Now, the second thing that can be right is what Jillian Michaels, whom I don't know, is saying. If you don't feel like you're doing well, then you're not doing well. And no politician is going to shove numbers in front of you and say, you should understand you're doing better than you think. There are a number of politicians who are at home now, and not in elected office who believe that they could do that.I've said on the show and will say again, there are three dates prior to memorial -- prior to Labor Day, excuse me, that I think are critical for any incumbent president. One is Memorial Day. What are gas prices at Memorial Day? Two, the Fourth of July. What are food prices and gas prices like on the Fourth of July? And a week after that, because most of schools in America, we -- up here in the Northeast, we don't start after Labor Day, but most schools start between the first and third week of August. What are clothing prices? What are school supply prices during that time?Every presidential race has had some correlation to what those numbers look like. And then after Labor Day, we got a free-for-all in whomever is able to adjust to the October Surprise and has the best numbers and momentum likely wins the race.Bidenomics has not been a compelling and resonant term or package in the minds of a lot of voters. And there's no amount of telling people, even as great as Bill Maher is saying, things are better and you should understand that. Unless people fill that way, and we have a topic coming up a little later about what the -- what the minimum wage should be, if people don't have to work two and three jobs or don't believe their futures are brighter, you can't point to any amount of numbers to make them feel any better about their future.But if things are better in May, in July, and September, I hope people around the country and around the political table were able to say, you know what, maybe things are better than without. Even Larry Kudlow was able to say on his show the other day that things are -- things are different than he saw.PERINO: Yes. Well, the job -- he said it was a good jobs report.FORD JR.: Right.PERINO: Jesse, people are paying more than $1,000 extra a month for the house that they started building during COVID. We know that grocery prices are up. Home and car insurance are through the roof, and these are the things that are frustrating the middle class.WATTERS: Right. And people like Maher or Scarborough or a lot of pro-Biden pundits on T.V. are insulated from those types of price swings because they've been financially successful. So, they don't cover inflation, they cover it up, and they think they're doing Joe Biden a favor by covering it up. It's a huge disservice. Because if you look at what the media covers, that's what Democrats react to.The media always asks about Ukraine, climate, mandates for COVID, January 6, and the Democrats say, OK, and they take action on all those items. The media never asks Democrats about inflation, the border, or crime. So, the Democrats don't do anything. They sit back and they wait, and they wait, and they wait, and then they get shellacked.If you brag about 401(k), that's fine. That's a legitimate issue. But it's not the full picture because if you're young, you barely started your 401(k), so it doesn't count. If you're retired, you cashed it out, so you're now in fixed income. Who cares? White and Asians, 60 percent of them have 401(k). Blacks and Hispanics, 34 percent have 401(k). So, you're not getting a massive group of people to appeal to.PERINO: And if Biden thinks the economy is so good, then why did he do a Super Bowl commercial saying that cookies and ice cream cost too much?GUTFELD: Because that way, he could shift the blame onto the companies. That's what he does. He always blames large groups of people and the people that make the world work, Dana. I'm surprised you didn't see that. But the Dems will say prices are down and they are right. They are right. They're telling you the truth. But down from when?They always leave the context out. They leave the part that -- they're basically saying, in the last three months, it's really gone down. That's like saying, your honor, all my client did was speed, you know. Yes, but that was after he robbed the bank. So, prices are still 17 to 18 percent higher since Joe took charge. You need to have that context. You just can't pick -- cherry-pick the last couple of months.And in that Scarborough spot, he was referring earlier to like people who drive Maserati's at country clubs, you know, and then he's talking about the 401(k). And people with 401(k), the people he was talking about, usually do fine independent of politics. That's how they got rich. They do investments to weather the bad times like now. So, actually, he was ignoring the regular Joe over the richer Joes. You know, who cares about eggs when you can afford, you know, a Maserati?I like the juxtaposition of the Maher thing with Morning Joe because it kind of shows how you can actually hear real people versus talking heads, right? It's like you have Jillian Michaels on, and he says something that she disagrees with, and she has the space to say it. And he is learning in real time. Meanwhile, that can't be done on Morning Joe. That's impossible.PERINO: And that's why they call it real time.GUTFELD: Exactly. Well, actually, that's called something else.PERINO: I know. The podcast is something else.Judge, one of the things Biden wants to talk about is his accomplishments. And they point to that big extra dollar of federal spending for COVID that actually fueled inflation. So, their biggest accomplishment is actually the vulnerability.PIRRO: Yes, it created the vulnerability. And you know, the amazing part of it, and I agree, the juxtaposition of Bill Maher and Joe Scarborough, I mean, these are people who are worth, you know, millions and millions of dollars who not only can't feel the way average Americans feel, but they want to tell the average American how they should feel. When the truth is, it's very simple.The numbers are very simple. They're up 18 percent, some say higher, it depends on who you read, since Joe Biden took office. Meanwhile, wages are not up 18 percent. It's really that simple, guys. So, you can say your 401(k) is great. And as Jesse said, young people aren't buying them and young people can't even afford a house. So, I mean, all of a sudden, they want to tell us how we should feel.But the bottom line, to me, what really gets under my skin is the fact that not just they want to tell us how we should feel. By the way, when eggs are up 35 percent, gas is up 19 percent since when Joe took office. Rent is up 19 percent. Groceries are up 20.7 percent, OK. And we are now feeding 10 million illegals who came through this country illegally. OK, so food for them is taking money away from Americans.So, I'm tired of this. You should feel better. No. And we'll get to this in one of the later blocks. But I think that we're spending way too much on people other than Americans and telling Americans, you should feel good.PERINO: Coming up, team Biden just gave Texas Governor Greg Abbott a big compliment on the border.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Joe Biden and the Democrats desperately want to make Texas Governor Greg Abbott the scapegoat of the border crisis. Too bad nobody's buying it. Biden's campaign co-chair just had to admit the genius of Abbott making immigration a local issue for Blue Cities. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VERONICA ESCOBAR (D-TX), CO-CHAIR, BIDEN CAMPAIGN: What Greg Abbott has done is he's made it a local issue for New York, for Chicago.PERINO: He's been very politically successful.ESCOBAR: Yes, for Denver. He's been politically successful. But when you look at the billions, the tens of billions of dollars that Texas has spent, he's proven that even he can't control what's happening on the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And liberal city residents know the blame falls squarely on their progressive leaders. Chicago Democrats are turning on their woke mayor, Brandon Johnson, for showering illegals with public funds instead of helping the homeless. One activist in Chicago says it's time to defund the migrants.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ZERLINA SMITH-MEMBERS, CHICAGO ACTIVIST: Black children and Brown children who are born in the city of Chicago are going to bed hungry but yet and still they find money to feed illegals. These people are fleeing our country -- their country and coming to our country and taking the resources. Any more money spent is a true problem with not just the Black community but the Brown. And we are asking to defund the migrant that are coming to the city in the state of Illinois.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, Brandon Johnson is trying to make it up to Black and Latino- owned businesses by handing them $17 million to feed the illegals.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRANDON JOHNSON, MAYOR, CHICAGO: The $17 million investment for these 18 Black and Brown small businesses is really the -- it really captures what I call the soul of Chicago. It's who we are.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Is that the soul of Chicago, Dana?PERINO: So, I interviewed -- that was the interview we had on "NEWSROOM" this morning. I really love this woman. She's running for Cook County Supervisor actually, so see about voting for her. The other thing I loved about her is she said that her 14-year-old daughter understands the problem enough that she wants to move to Texas. She also said she doesn't blame Governor Abbott for what he did because she said how could any state deal with all of this.She wants the city of Chicago to resend the sanctuary city policy. And when -- the admiration that she showed for Governor Abbott in terms of leadership reminded me of something we haven't really talked about as we -- everybody sort of thinks about who would Trump pick as a possible V.P. I read a piece a couple weeks ago that said Greg Abbott would be a good choice. He's proven that he has the ability to deal with the border and the wherewithal. And if it's going to be the number one issue and he's well- liked, then maybe he would be a good vice presidential choice.WATTERS: You like that choice Abbott as V.P., Trump-Abbott?PIRRO: Yes, I do. I do. I mean, think about he's a governor. We were just talking about Kamala Harris whose charge is the border. Look at what he's done. I mean, I absolutely give the man credit. He was called everything from a xenophobe to a racist. It was a political stunt. And all of a sudden, America, the minority and the Black community, I talked about this a few weeks ago, they are taking second place to the illegals about whom we know nothing.And it's happening in Chicago, it's happening in Denver, it's happening in New York. We've got crime right now around this building in Time Square with the Venezuelans who are now hooking up with MS-13. What is wrong with us as a nation that we are looking the other way when it comes to our own people, minorities, Blacks and the Brown community who need our help and saying to them, get in line, we're taking these people we don't know ahead of you.And this guy Brandon Johnson, he's trying to buy the minority community because he's giving so much to the illegals, he's saying, well, look, we'll let them buy from your stores which I guarantee the illegals are going to try now to take over. And they'll be the next storekeepers and the next shopkeepers.So, I just think I think that Greg Abbott would be great. I think that it's time for Americans to stand up and say we don't know who these people are, we're not liking what we see, we can't afford to live right now because we are literally destroying our schools, our hospitals, our social services. We cannot -- we cannot sustain this. We just can't. And even more egregious is the growing resentment of the minority community.WATTERS: Harold Ford Jr.FORD JR.: So, I don't disagree with anything that's been said. I've said for a while, I think Governor Abbott, some of the criticism that was leveled at him by members of my party I thought was misplaced. I think the kind of burden that he was facing in Texas on border cities and what that meant for those mayors and for those communities -- put aside the political figures but just people in those communities having to withstand and to sustain the kind of influx of of people who didn't have resources and were looking to really take advantage of resources that were going to other people in those areas.So, to send people to other cities particularly when those cities were advocating for a border policy that was more lenient and more generous than those governors were, this is what happens in in a political system in a political marketplace and it was the right thing.Now, what I don't understand and some may quarrel with me on this, I don't understand -- Governor Abbott should be as passionately angry with some of his Republican friends in Congress for not drafting a federal bill to help deal with the issue that he's having to deal with at the border. I do think for some who called it a stunt, there's one percent of that, but 99 percent of what he was doing was the best policy he could come up with which was to spread the burden out across the country.Now, if we are willing to accept over the next 10 months millions of more people coming in because there's a fear that somehow another Democrats may gain some political advantage if a bill is passed to help deal with the border and deal with border security, I think we all are going to have to look ourselves in the mirror months from now and honestly reckon, did we do something or could we have done something more to deal with this.I hope Governor Abbott who's been as an effective, effective advocate for real serious border policy is able to say to Republicans in the House and the Senate, give me a border security bill. The Border Patrol Union wants it, The Wall Street Journal supports it, the Chamber of Commerce supports it. You don't get everything you want in politics. Let's advance the ball and let's ensure that we get a better border security or have better border security than we do now.WATTERS: Greg.GUTFELD: Well, finally another superstar named Greg. It's been very lonely at the top. It's just been me and Greg Evigan. But Greg Abbott has stood up and taken charge. I came up with a phrase just now. The sum is greater than its parts.PERINO: Oh, interesting.GUTFELD: Just now. Immigration is one thing, crime is another. Immigration plus crime is way bigger than them separately. Venezuelan drug gangs have married the Mayhem. Now, we have -- we have, you know -- you know, migration, crime, depletion of resources. You could probably address each one of these separately, but now it's a mosaic of misery and it's overwhelming everybody especially the people that are already have a -- having a hard time in the cities.That's why -- and it's an old thing I've talked about. You need -- you need Republicans like John Abbott to be there in the room with Democrats. It's like the good cop bad cop, mommy and daddy, you got to have a counterbalance to the Dems who refuse to acknowledge there is a downside to their delusional upsides, right? There's a downside to sanctuary cities. Now we know. There's a downside to no cash bail. Now we know. There's a downside to instant asylum.Now, it's all coming together. All these things have come together into desperation. It's like throwing a Mentos into a Diet Coke. Everything's just going like this.WATTERS: Why don't we make it a thrapple? We'll marry immigration to crime and inflation.GUTFELD: There you go. It's already happened.FORD JR.: I love it, mosaic of misery.PIRRO: I was going to commend you on that myself.FORD JR.: I'm going to use that. I like that.GUTFELD: Mosaic of misery.WATTERS: No, I was going to commend him. He's so commendable.PIRRO: Well done, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes, thank you.WATTERS: Up next, why not make it a million? Democrats push a $50 minimum wage.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: You can always count on California to cook up the most insane liberal policies on the planet. Senate Candidate Barbara Lee says she is actually considering a $50 minimum wage.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You're calling for a $50 an hour federal minimum wage. That's seven times the current national minimum wage of $7.25 an hour. Can you explain how that would be economically sustainable for small businesses?REP. BARBARA LEE (D-CA), SENATE CANDIDATE: 107 -- $27,000 for a family of four is just barely enough to get by. Just do the math. Just do the math. Of course we have national minimum wages that we need to raise to a living wage. You're talking about $20, $25, it's fine. But I have got to be focused on what California needs.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Republican candidate for California Senate and MLB Legend Steve Garvey disagrees.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE GARVEY (R-CA), SENATE CANDIDATE: Minimum wage is where it is and should be. If you look at what California has done to fast food franchises right now, increasing the minimum wage to $20, and what's going to happen? That's going to increase costs for hardworking Californians to go -- to go to a franchise.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Jesse, so Barbara Lee, she says that you've got to be focused on what Californians need and what the affordability factor is as her reason for the $50 minimum wage as opposed to worrying about why does it cost so much in California.WATTERS: She's probably the dumbest woman in politics. I researched it. It's true. She's the dumbest woman in politics, Judge. So, if you calculate $50 an hour per year, that's $104,000 for a burger flipper. Let's say the burger flipper marries the woman at the cash register those are two people working in fast food making $208,000.What's going to happen to all of the college graduates that see you can make that kind of cash flipping burgers? Everyone is going to move to California and start flipping burgers. And then all the people with high school diplomas that were flipping burgers don't have a job anymore and they can't afford to buy the burger because the burger now costs $40.And then the burger joint can't afford to stay in business because they can't sell $40 burgers and employ $50 an our employees, so then they have to go out of business. So, this Barbara Lee woman is a heat seeking missile directed right at the California economy.PIRRO: You know, Dana, Governor Newsom backed two bills, two union bills that raised the minimum wage in two industries only, healthcare industry and the fast-food industry. And the way they got that through was that they pretty much promised the unions that -- they got assurances from the unions that would make the chains, the food chains liable for labor violations. And so, the worker loses.PERINO: Right. But not only that, but consumer loses too because people are already being laid off. So, it was a -- you can get in California $20 per hour beginning April 1st. This was a compromise, so it could have been much higher. And already there's stories out of California laying off delivery workers and figuring out a way to use automation, or just shutting down your operation completely because it's not just the high cost to run a business, it's also that Prop 47 makes it that you're going to get robbed all the time, so you can't figure it out.And it's the same with Biden and greedflation. Like, they just -- if you're just dealing with basic economics, companies need to make a profit. They need to keep the lights on. He -- I wish that Biden would discuss how much more companies are paying just to run their businesses which is why they're doing what they're doing.PIRRO: All right. All right, Greg.GUTFELD: All right, let's do a head-to-head because this is an exciting Senate campaign, Barbara Lee versus Steve Garvey. Does Barbara Lee have a lifetime batting average of 294? No. Does Barbara Lee have over 2,000 hits? No. Did she ever play first base for the L.A. Dodgers? No. Does she have huge hairy forearms? No. Steve Garvey, yes on everyone. Vote for Steve Garvey.Look, you can make it -- you can make it $50 an hour. You can make it a $100. Why aren't you making it a 100? That's heartless if you don't make it a $100 or $200. The fact is it really doesn't matter because it does it doesn't make food cheaper, it doesn't make rent cheaper, it makes money cheaper.If there's no increase in supply in housing or food or energy, the cost is going to rise to what the market will bear. Everything then becomes disaster prices or what the Liberals call price gouging. And so they'll call for more price controls, and then that'll cause an industry to collapse, and then you will -- you will lead to rationing. And then of course, at the end, we're going to have to eat each other.WATTERS: I want Barber Lee.PIRRO: Yes. And you know what? California is the fourth most expensive state in the country? Why is that, because the Democrats run it?FORD JR.: Republicans have run it too and they've had but -- so, whenever I hear an issue like this or any issue, my instinct is always to figure out like everybody I hope is to solve the problem. So, I try to figure out when someone is saying something I disagree with, I want to get at what they're thinking of.Barbara Lee, she's not the dumbest politician.WATTERS: Who is?FORD JR.: There's some -- she's got some -- she's got somebody running there in the House with her, but we can come back to that. She represents one of the most expensive places in the world to live, in the San Francisco Bay Area where you have the tech giants and all the things that have happened. So, I understand the instinct.My instinct always when you're -- when you're thinking about these things is how do you ensure that you don't destroy small businesses while you're trying to also help employees? So, over the last 30, 40 years, we've tried to use the tax code to do that. We try to give businesses tax breaks in order to raise the wages or give people breaks on their taxes when they file to be able to support their families, support housing costs, etcetera. So, I get where she's coming from.The $50 an hour though is not the answer. I think you got to look at a more creative way of using the tax code because the problem is what the problem is. There are people who are trying to work in San Francisco who can't afford to live anywhere near the people who want their fast food served, their hotel rooms clean, who want to be able to buy clothes or buy things at places. But the people who work at those places can't afford to live anywhere near the areas where they are. So, I get it.The $50 an hour for a small business is not -- it's not sustainable. You got to figure out how you use the tax code in order to incentivize people working, incentivize businesses hiring people, and then give people a break on that tax. And we now have people saying, well, 50 percent of Americans don't pay taxes. These people are earning 40, 50, $60,000 a year trying to live and serve people in communities all across the country.I dare say anybody who wants to trade places with somebody who doesn't pay federal taxes, go right at it. I'm sure I can convince a guy making $60,000 a year in the Bay Area to earn $6 million a year and pay 40 percent in taxes. I'm not that good at math but that's a better math equation for the guy uh earning $6 million a year.PERINO: Yes, Steve Garvey should have said that.FORD JR.: No, no, she should have said that.PIRRO: "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. It's the ultimate perk of childhood on a winter day like today, the beloved Snow Day. But that sweet deal is getting snatched away from kids in big cities like New York and Boston. That's because schools are choosing remote learning instead of just giving students the day off.Judge, what do you think about it? Did your kids like snow days?PIRRO: This is really easy. This is really easy. I don't want my kids to be on a Zoom or remote or anything else. If it snows, you give them a day off and let them play in the snow, let them be real, let them interact with kids, let them fall in the snow. Get a pot or a pan if you don't have a sled and pull them around.FORD JR.: Did the Watters kids playing the snow today? Did Jesse Jr. get out?WATTERS: Jesse Jr. got out in the snow. He did. And we need to bring romance back to Snow Days. Remember, you cannot say it's going to be a Snow Day the day before. You have to let the kids wake up in the morning, look out the window and ask mom or dad if they found out from the school if they have to go. And then you get that jolted excitement.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: I'm for the Snow Day, not the remote learning. And I think that they should reduce teacher in service days which are just baloney.WATTERS: What is that?PERINO: It's ridiculous. I mean, I get one -- like maybe one a year, but they have like 10. So, that way you could have actual Snow Days.PIRRO: To do what?PERINO: It's teacher in service days. That's where kids get the day off so the teachers can work.WATTERS: Yes, I don't know. What is that?FORD JR.: Greg, you have a -- you have a unique story about these things.GUTFELD: Well, you know Harold back in my day, we didn't -- we didn't have snow days. We just trudged through the blizzard. That's how I lost my brother, Billy. But you know, I grew up in California. We didn't have snow days. We didn't have -- we didn't even have earthquake days. The only time you got a day off is when you were kidnapped. Chow chill the bus, remember?FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: OMT. Dana.PERINO: Talk about Snow Day, dogs got to have a snow day. Check out Percy in the snow today, Central Park. He was having a great time. Go through the pictures fast because Greg has got to go. He got to go.GUTFELD: Look at that.PERINO: Fun little dog. Beautiful.WATTERS: Oh, that's great shot right there.PERINO: That's enough. That's enough.GUTFELD: Sponsored by the farmer's dog. Free kibble.PERINO: He'd be a great model for you, guys.GUTFELD: Anything else?PERINO: Nope.GUTFELD: All right, tonight 10:00, oh, this is going to be good. Brooke Goldstein is back. Joe DeVito, how did he get there? Kat Timpf and Tyrus tonight at 10:00 p.m. Let's do this. Greg's Sexy Ostrich News. Roll it, baby.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: There we go.GUTFELD: Yes. That's at -- that's at the Cincinnati Zoo getting ready for Valentine's Day. Yes.PIRRO: Spread your wings.GUTFELD: She used to -- she used to dance at the pool down in Columbus but went out on her own. She's putting a way through orthodontic school. Yes. Botanical Gardens, Cincinnati. All right, that's probably enough.PIRRO: OK.GUTFELD: Judge.PIRRO: All right, today is National Pancake Day. And to celebrate we have some tasty pancakes on set. What does everyone like to put on their pancakes? There's syrup, butter, fruit caramel, peanut butter, Nutella chocolate chips, or whipped cream. I'm eating banana with heated syrup.WATTERS: Syrup.PERINO: I'm a maple -- I'm a maple syrup.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: I'll go banana.PIRRO: Can you want to pass those down because I'm eating this whole dish.GUTFELD: OK. I can't eat it.PIRRO: Bye.GUTFELD: I would eat -- that looks delicious.FORD JR.: Orlando Magic retiring Shaq's number 32. The first Magic player to have his number retired. Shaq is the original superman in basketball. My man.PERINO: My man.GUTFELD: Well done, Harold.PIRRO: Who's retiring?GUTFELD: Have a great night! Hey, Bret!