(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JAMES LANKFORD (R-OK): Changes the asylum laws, builds more wall, adds more detention beds, adds more deportation flights, changes this 10- year backlog that we`re currently in now to weeks before people are actually deported.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): The bottom line is that everyone who looks at our bill says that it will greatly reduce the flow of illegal immigrants into this country.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): The American people are done with this. The border has to be secured. The president has the authority right now. He doesn`t need another act of Congress. He could do it right now, but he`s unwilling to do it.SEN. CHRIS MURPHY (D-CT): There`s a clear choice for Republicans, fix the border or keep chaos at the border because it helps Donald Trump.REP. KAT CAMMACK (R-FL): It`s like they were trying to sell us on Gucci, but really it`s the package that the guy around the corner in the alley pulled out of his trunk. That is basically the equivalent of what this border bill is.(END VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, you are looking live at Capitol Hill, where the battle is on and the nines are out, the Senate releasing its long-awaited $118 billion spending bill with aid for Ukraine and Israel tied to border security.Leaders on both sides of the Senate say it`s the best you`re going to get, as Republicans in the House say, the border bill is dead on arrival.We`re going to talk to one of the key lawmakers who crafted the bill, Oklahoma Republican Senator James Lankford, and then get the thoughts of Nikki Haley, what she makes of this. She is here."Your World" is now.Welcome, everybody. I`m Neil Cavuto.Let`s get right to it to Capitol Hill and the battle royal that is on over this.To Aishah Hasnie -- Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Well, House Speaker Mike Johnson just spoke about this in person for the first time since the release of the text. And he is defiant. He maintains that this border bill from the Senate really doesn`t fix the border and it doesn`t address the needs of what Border Patrol agents have been telling him.Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)M. JOHNSON: They said you have to fix asylum. You have to fix parole. You have to end the catch-and-release, the mass release of immigrants around the country, illegals around the country, as has been happening, and you have to restore or remain-in-Mexico.You also need elements of the wall being built. I just don`t believe that the Senate bill, as I have explained in all of our statements, meets the criteria that`s necessary to solve the problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So here`s the problem, Neil.Moments after he said that, the Border Patrol union endorsed the deal. They say it`s not perfect, but it is a step in the right direction. So here`s a look at what`s inside this bill. It ends catch-and-release. It expands attention capacity for families. It raises asylum standards. It fast-tracks asylum claims, adds $650 million to expand the border wall, and it includes a mandatory shutdown of the border when we hit a rolling average of 5,000 encounters in a single week.Now, we have been keeping a whip count here on the Senate side, the FOX Hill team here, and you can see here a lot of no`s, as opposed to the yeses. In fact, there`s a couple of three different on the left that are no as well. SoLeader Schumer has a problem with the numbers here. And I asked GOP lead negotiator James Lankford how much just politics have to play with this? Because the NRSC chair, Steve Daines, also just said that he`s a big no.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Is this a big blow?LANKFORD: Well, it`s looking at the political aspect of it. Steve Daines has a particular job. He`s looking at the politics of it nationally and where things actually land on this. My job is to look at the national security side.HASNIE: You think that`s what`s going on now, that people who are opposed to this bill, it`s not really about the text of the content of the bill, but it`s really about the politics?LANKFORD: I have some people that have approached me just point blank and said, it`s a presidential election year. Don`t do anything that helps Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: President Biden just spoke a few moments ago and says he`s hopeful the Senate can pass this, Leader Schumer planning on teeing up a vote for this Wednesday -- Neil.CAVUTO: Aishah, thank you for that.I want to go to Bob Cusack right now, The Hill editor in chief.This doesn`t look like it`s going very far in the House, Bob, so my next obvious question is, then what?BOB CUSACK, EDITOR IN CHIEF, THE HILL: Well, yes, it`s got to first get through the Senate. And there are some critics on the left and the right of this. And that was expected.CAVUTO: Yes.CUSACK: But this is going to be very difficult, Neil, to do, especially in a presidential election year, where Trump is already criticizing it.So it`s going to be very difficult. And at the same time, there are a lot of senators who worked a long time on this and say, hey, this is something, and this is something that`s good. Let`s at least pass this.But, Neil, I think the other factor is, remember, who is going to be enforcing this law, at least in the short term? Of course, that would be President Biden. That`s where Republicans have a problem too.CAVUTO: President Trump weighed into all of this, saying that Republicans supporting this should be ashamed of themselves. That`s a lot of pressure from a powerful, very influential person telling you essentially don`t even think of it.CUSACK: That`s right.And most of the congressional primaries haven`t happened. So, if you`re a Republican who has endorsed this -- and Senator Lankford is not up for reelection until 2028, but Trump has also said it`s not going to be good for his career that he`s done this. So this is definitely the fear factor is in play on the left, but mostly on the right, especially with Trump leading the party.CAVUTO: Now, Democrats are going to counter, if it goes up in flames -- too soon to say -- that Republicans had it in their power to do something, and they didn`t.CUSACK: Yes.CAVUTO: How is that going to play out?CUSACK: I think that remains to be seen, but that is definitely the argument.And Chuck Schumer, if this gets through the Senate, he can blame the Republican-led House. If it doesn`t get through the Senate, most Democrats will vote for it, and most Republicans will not. So he can blame Republicans either way. And I think that`s what he`s going to do.CAVUTO: All right, we will see what happens.Bob, thank you very much, Bob Cusack.Before we take a quick break here and go on to Nikki Haley, the presidential candidate, want to let you tell you right now we had a sell- off at the corner of Wall and Broad having everything to do with confirming what we already knew, that the Fed chairman wasn`t inclined at this point to at least start cutting rates as soon as many had thought.He was on "60 Minutes" last night, said that. They sold on that. They came off their worst levels here. But again, the interest rate cuts are coming. The message seems to be, just not as quickly as some would like.All right, as I said, of course, so much going on right now, not only with the security measure that seems potentially up in flames, but the economy that so far maybe not. We will get the read on things with a woman who`s been raising money hand over fist in startling numbers, Nikki Haley.She`s next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, "SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE")JAMES AUSTIN JOHNSON, ACTOR: Nikki Haley Joel Osment, we call her. "Sixth Sense," remember that one?(LAUGHTER)J. JOHNSON: I see dead people.(LAUGHTER)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Yes, that`s what voters will say if they see you and Joe on the ballot.(LAUGHTER)J. JOHNSON: Oh, that`s not very nice, Nikki.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, that was a funny moment, Nikki Haley making an appearance on "Saturday Night Live." She`s got a lot of good laughs over that. Some people even zinged for it. You can`t win with these things.Nikki Haley joining us right now, the presidential candidate.Governor, very good to have you.That was brave of you to do that. Sometimes, it`s mixed rewards. Would you do it again?HALEY: Oh, it was a lot of fun.The whole point of what`s happening in our country is, we have got to remember how to laugh. We have got to remember that everything doesn`t have to be so serious. And so, look, it was a lot of fun. It was making fun of myself. It was making fun of Trump. It was trying to get him to debate me, because he still refuses to debate me.And so it was just a lot of fun. And I think that, if you can`t laugh at things, then that says a lot more about what`s happening in our country than anything else.CAVUTO: Now, maybe in good humor, good fun. And you have been zinging him lately on the grumpy old men theme, two old guys going at it. You have had enough of that.He comes back, as people come back, you`re overdoing it. Other party types say you`re hurting the party, and, if he`s the nominee, you will damage him. What do you say to that?HALEY: I think it`s the hard truth.I mean, you can`t have 70 percent of Americans who say they don`t want to Trump rematch -- Trump-Biden rematch. The majority of Americans dislike Trump. The majority of Americans dislike Biden. Both of those men put us trillions of dollars in debt that our kids are never going to forgive us for.And we have got a country in disarray and a world on fire. Are we really going to have our two candidates be two men in their 80s, when you need someone who can run eight years disciplined, focused, ready to get to work and get things done? That`s not being disrespectful. That`s just being factual.And then you go and you look at the fact that every single general election poll, he`s down seven points. He`s down nine points on Biden. In some, he comes in margin of error. I defeat Joe Biden by up to 17 points. The poll that came out yesterday, I defeat him by 13 points.That`s what this is about. There will be a female president of the United States. It will either be me or Kamala Harris. If -- if Donald Trump is the nominee of the Republican Party, we will have a President Kamala Harris. That`s just a fact.CAVUTO: Well, even among Republicans, though, Governor, Donald Trump beats you fairly handily in favorability among Republicans, 47 percent to 34 percent. That`s one poll you have got. There are others that show him holding on.There are others that show now, in some of these polls, that he`s opened up, that is, Donald Trump anywhere from a four-to-six-point lead over Joe Biden, again, depending on the poll. So, he is kind of close to sharing your type of advantage over Joe Biden. Again, it depends on the poll.So is that draw that you have not as much of a draw?HALEY: Well, I mean, I think, if you`re showing national polls, that doesn`t take into account the state-by-state races that we have.We started with 2 percent in Iowa. We ended up with 20 percent. We had 14 candidates in the race. A dozen of the fellows are gone. I have just got one left. We ended up getting 43 percent of the vote in New Hampshire. Think about that. The Republican incumbent, Donald Trump, did not get 43 percent of the vote in New Hampshire. That`s a problem.He`s not winning any additional people. He`s not winning independents. He`s not winning suburban women. He`s not winning many of the Republicans. But on top of that, look at what he did. The day after he talked about revenge the night of the New Hampshire election, what did he do? He said, anybody that supports me is no longer part of MAGA.If you are running for president, your job is to bring more people in. It`s a story of addition, not to go and push people out of your club. That`s not what a candidate for the president of the United States does. That`s somebody who`s making it all about himself. This is not about himself.Whether it was the night of the New Hampshire elections, whether it was after his court case that he lost, the problem that I have, at no point did he talk about the American people, Neil. At no point did he talk about the debt that we`re in. At no point did he talk about the fact that our kids need to go back to the basics in education. Only 31 percent are proficient in reading.At no point did he talk about this open border that`s out of control. At no point did he talk about the wars that are happening around the world and the fact that we need to prevent war, not start war. He`s not talking about anything but himself, and that`s the problem.We can`t go through four more years of chaos. It`s just, we won`t survive it.CAVUTO: But I know what you have been saying. I know that the polls, and they don`t look good for you in your state of South Carolina. That could change. You said a couple of days ago -- I hope I`m right about this -- "I`m not going anywhere," referring to leaving the race, that that`s not going to happen.You obviously are raising a great deal of money, $16.5 million in January alone. That`s your biggest monthly fund-raising total, like, ever. And it`s actually picked up steam post some of these races that you lost. So you have good reason financially to stay in it.But after South Carolina, let`s say you don`t win there, what`s the justification?HALEY: You guys said this in Iowa, when I had 2 percent and ended up with 20 percent. You said this in New Hampshire, when you all said I was going to be down 20, 25 points, and I got 43 percent.We moved 25 points in the last three weeks of that election. We`re now in the three weeks of South Carolina. We`re going to work hard. We`re going to do everything we can. Why don`t we wait until the votes in South Carolina?But let me say this, Neil. I`m not going anywhere. We don`t do coronations in America. Two states have voted, two. It`s 1,215 delegates to become president. Trump has 32. I have 17. We have got 48 states and more territories that need to vote. Let`s let these votes happen.This is not about, what about this? If you want to talk about something, talk about the fact that, first of all, I have 250,000 donors from all 50 states; 95 percent of those are $200 or less. That is the 70 percent of America that don`t want a Trump-Biden rematch.It is time for you all to start hearing those people. The second thing is, it just came out yesterday Trump spent $50 million of his campaign dollars on legal fees on personal cases against him? Think about that. That`s why he`s not on TV in South Carolina. That`s why he hasn`t been here yet. That`s why he`s not doing rallies, is because he`s using all the money to pay for his legal fees for his own personal cases.That`s the story.CAVUTO: Well, he could also be looking at his poll numbers, Governor, and saying, I don`t --HALEY: So, how do you defeat --CAVUTO: Well, he -- you`re right. He could be saying, that I don`t need to do that. I`m winning by a country mile.HALEY: No, what I`m saying is, how do you defeat --CAVUTO: Go ahead.HALEY: How do you defeat Joe Biden if all of your money is going to legal fees? Tell me that.He out of his own mouth said, I`m going to spend more time in a courtroom than I`m going to spend campaigning. That`s a problem.CAVUTO: All right. But let me ask you about that.HALEY: That`s a problem, because our country can`t wait.CAVUTO: Things could change if he were convicted, now, on any of these various counts. And it depends on your point of view.But there`s one poll that`s interesting, that a felony conviction gives Joe Biden a seven-point swing right now, down two points to Donald Trump. He could be up five points in the process. I guess why -- the reason why I mention that, to some voters, I don`t know how many, Governor, it`s going to make a big difference if he`s convicted.Is that why you stay in this race, just in case he explodes?HALEY: I`m staying in this race. I mean, the court cases are an issue of itself. I`m staying in this race because Republicans cannot lose another general election.We lost in 2018. We lost in 2020. We lost in 2022. How many more times do you have to lose because of one person before you say, maybe this isn`t a winning combination? That`s why I`m staying in. I`m staying in because I don`t want my kids to live like this. I don`t want anybody else`s kids to live like this.We have got to start really focusing on what matters. America is too distracted. And when America`s distracted, the world is less safe. And we`re seeing that play out in front of us. We have to wake up and say, now is the time to right the ship. Now is the time.And I have no issues with Donald Trump. I voted for him twice. I was proud to serve America and his administration. This isn`t personal for me.CAVUTO: All right.HALEY: This is personal when it comes to the future of my kids.CAVUTO: I talk to a lot of Republican operatives all over the party, Governor. And I don`t know whether I`m a glutton for punishment. They will each tell you something different.But they do, even those not supporting you, admire you greatly and your past and your record as a governor, U.N. ambassador. But they get a little nervous when you criticize Donald Trump, because they think you would make a great running mate.Now, of course, who knows how that will go. A lot of people say it would be perfect, because you could get him the independents and the kind of support he would need in a general election. He seems to rule you out. You seem to rule that out.But if he were to ask, what would you do?HALEY: I am not interested. I am not interested in being vice president. I am running to be president. I`m running because we have a country to save.And I believe that this is the time to do it. And I am determined to go through whatever pain, whatever bruises, whatever we have to do to get to that point, because I think our country is worth it.CAVUTO: But even if it doesn`t work out? Even if it doesn`t work out, Governor? And I know we`re very early.And I have mentioned that on this show constantly, because I`m pretty good at numbers. And you`re quite right. We`re very early. You need 1,215 delegates. No one`s even close to that.Having said that, though, if the lineup of matches is such that it doesn`t favor you, and it`s looking like an impossible battle, and smarter, cooler heads maybe start saying Trump/Haley, that makes sense, that`s a winning ticket, what do you say?HALEY: This is what I will tell you, Neil. I will let you know. Maybe I will give you a tip or a first heads-up when I pick my vice president. How about that?(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: I had a feeling you were going to answer that way.While I have you -- still have you, Ambassador, I do want to get your take on this border bill. Donald Trump has famously said that Republicans who vote for it should be a shame to themselves.We`re going to have Senator Lankford with us shortly, who`s amazed at the response it`s getting and wondering if maybe that could be because Republicans might feel that they`re in a better position not to have something like this, that it could help Joe Biden, and it wouldn`t help them.How are you on this?HALEY: There`s two things going on here, and we have to speak hard truths.First of all, everybody`s tired of a do-nothing Congress. I mean, can they do anything? Because we have seen nothing out of Republicans or Democrats. They have an inability to get anything done. The second thing is, you can`t have Trump sitting there saying, don`t do anything until the election.We have a completely open border. America`s acting like it`s September 10, and we better remember what September 12 felt like, because it only takes one person across that border to create a 9/11 moment. We need this fixed now. We need congressional members to stay in D.C. and not leave until they figure this out.When I look at the border bill --CAVUTO: Does that mean this measure? Does that mean this measure, Ambassador? Now, I know you said it has warts and some issues like that, but if this is all it`s going to be, with maybe slight variations, better this than nothing?HALEY: Well, I think, first of all, we do know what Congress does. When they pass something, then they wipe their hands and say, we already did that.If they`re going to do this, they need to do it right. The one part I like about this bill is, I like that it strengthens the asylum charge -- the asylum requirements. That`s very important. We haven`t had that, and we need that.The part that I don`t like about the bill, it doesn`t require a remain-in- Mexico, which is very important at keeping them from coming on U.S. soil in the first place. And I don`t like the 5,000 limit. We don`t want anybody to come in. We can`t say only when 5,000 people have crossed the border. They need to stay there.They need to figure this out. They need to adjust it, amend it in any way that they can, and they should not leave D.C. until they get us a border bill. And, no, we are not waiting until the general election to do this. And it`s irresponsible to say that Congress has to wait until a general election because Trump is worried that he`s going to lose.There`s a lot of reasons we got to worry Trump`s going to lose, but you don`t sacrifice national security to do it.CAVUTO: All right, we will see what happens.Governor, Ambassador, always good seeing you. Thank you for taking the time.HALEY: Go to NikkiHaley.com and join us.CAVUTO: I had a feeling you would add that.Nikki Haley on all of that.In the meantime, Senator Lankford tried desperately to find common, cooler ground here. Good luck with that, but the fight goes on, and he`s not giving up.He`s next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: King Charles has cancer, and he is already receiving treatment for that cancer.Only one question. What kind of cancer?After this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, 370-plus pages long, so a lot of people would have had a chance to read this today, especially if they`re quick readers.Senator James Lankford on the thing that he helped craft to try to draw Republicans and Democrats together. He`s gotten a lot of guff for it, regardless.He joins us right now.Senator, great to have you.LANKFORD: Thank you.Hey, just to be clear, I only help write 280 of those 370 pages.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: OK.LANKFORD: The others were the appropriations part.CAVUTO: That`s fine. Well, it`s good to know.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: But having looked at it, a lot of people who didn`t have already torpedoed it, even before you released any pages of it.LANKFORD: Yes.CAVUTO: And many are in your own party. In fact, much of the criticism is coming from your own party, even within your own state.What do you think?LANKFORD: Yes, it`s been interesting.This has brought out a lot of Republicans that say this is not enough. They want a whole lot more. It`s also brought up a lot of Democrats. As you know, there have been Senate Democrats and House Democrats that have also come out strongly opposed to it in the far progressive side as well.The focus of this bill from the very beginning is, how do we fix asylum? How do we actually deal with the out-of-control use of parole authority that`s literally giving work permits out to people as they cross the border? How do we actually fix what`s happening right now? And then, long term, we have got a 10-year delay until a consequence.How do we get that to days or weeks, rather than years, and actually putting consequences down? That`s what this bill actually does.CAVUTO: Did Donald Trump kill this for you? He said Republicans who even consider voting for this should be ashamed of themselves. What did you think of that?LANKFORD: Obviously, he`s got a campaign that he`s running. He`s focused in on trying to be elected president.Again, my focus is a national security focus. I`m the ranking member on border management for Homeland Security. That`s my main focus, is to get that. We have a wide-open border, and we have got to find a way to be able to stop it, because we have very real risks that are coming across our southern border.So if there`s anything that I can do to help shut down that border and to help secure the nation, that`s what I`m going to focus in on.CAVUTO: Senator, have you talked to the former president?LANKFORD: I actually haven`t. And it`s interesting enough. I have not called him because I knew every reporter, everybody would ask me, have you talked to him and what did you all say back and forth on it?(LAUGHTER)LANKFORD: So I have stayed away from that entirely.CAVUTO: All right, got it.LANKFORD: By the way, if he was president right now, we wouldn`t have the border chaos that we have right now. There`s no question about that.But, quite frankly, the way Biden has run this is different than not only how Trump ran it, but also how Obama ran it before. Biden has six times the number of people illegally crossing even President Obama did. So it`s a big issue. And, definitely, presidential leadership matters.But we also have loopholes in the law. Those have got to be closed. Even President Trump asked for those to be closed while he was president, and Congress was unable to get it done. We would get it done in this.CAVUTO: You have run across some, not all, in your state, conservatives, who don`t like what you`re doing here. Some have even raised the possibly, when you run for reelection, assuming you do, sir, a couple of years out, they`re going to primary you.LANKFORD: Great. I had a primary before, so we will engage on the issues, and we can talk about the issues and try to be able to resolve things.I have also had a lot of Republicans reaching out to me in the state and saying, finally we`re making progress to try to get something done. People are really frustrated that they`re got people that are all-or-nothing, folks, because we have had nothing for so many years. People are just angry at the thousands of people that are crossing the border, saying, who will do something about this?We`re actually trying to be able to actually make a change and to be able to get something done.CAVUTO: Well, you are to commended for a lot of that.But I do -- when I talk to those who are dead-set opposed to it, even when you -- this whole 5,000 average today who come in and all of that, the fact of the matter is, that eight million got into this country illegally last year. At a minimum, this would reduce that to two million. So it`s a hell of a lot better than eight million.LANKFORD: Yes.CAVUTO: But that`s if you have --LANKFORD: It would do a lot more than that.CAVUTO: -- just looking at general numbers -- go ahead.LANKFORD: Yes.No, it would do a lot more that, because this 5,000 number has been a misnomer. It`s been either misunderstood or deliberately misinterpreted on it. It`s not counting 5,000 people in a day. It`s not like at a carnival, counting in 5,000 people. Then they stop.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: It`s actually closer to 4,000 average, right?LANKFORD: No, it actually shuts the border down entirely.CAVUTO: Right.LANKFORD: So the last four months, every single day but seven in the last four months, we have had more than 5,000 people. That means every day in the last four months, we would have turned everyone around.It doesn`t count 5,000 people in and then stops after that. When you hit a 5,000, you have got several weeks then that the border is closed to be able to regain a slower number in terms of --(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Right. Well, bottom line, no, to your math, then -- and all I`m just saying, and it`s a compliment to you, and I understand where others are coming from, that the numbers, even allowing for that, would be dramatically lower than where they are.LANKFORD: Right.CAVUTO: I`m just wondering what the fallout would be, or if you have tried to talk to some Republicans who are against it, saying, this isn`t perfect, but the throngs coming in will still be throngs coming in if we do nothing.What do you hear on that?LANKFORD: Right.What I hear on it is people say, the right number is zero, and if we can`t get to zero, then I don`t want to do anything on it.CAVUTO: Right.LANKFORD: And, to me, if we can change it from having a million people crossing to 200,000 people crossing, that`s a huge difference on it. And I`d like to be able to have those people that even cross go through a higher standard for asylum, and so the vast majority of those folks will actually be deported as well.This bill doesn`t focus on just limiting the number of people crossings. It dramatically increases the standard for asylum, so that we identify people that don`t qualify, which is the vast majority, and we deport them immediately. That`s the biggest change of this.The 5,000 number is an ancillary piece on the end as an emergency backup. The real focus is the change in the asylum law.CAVUTO: This doesn`t look like it`s going to happen, Senator.LANKFORD: We will see in the days ahead. Everybody`s flying back in today. They will get a chance to be able to talk about it. We will talk about it again tonight on it.And my hope is that we can actually talk about how we`re going to amend it, how we`re going to go through the process on it. This is the opening salvo on it, and we will have the real dialogue to be able to go through it. Worst-case scenario, we do nothing, and another two million people cross this year, and we have even more national security issues than we even have right now.CAVUTO: Senator, thank you.James Lankford of Oklahoma trying to craft a middle ground here. Easier said than done.In the meantime, we`re going to keep you up to date on these latest counterstrikes to our strikes. Can`t keep track of the groups we`re targeting and the groups who are responding -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: It`s not done. More strikes are coming at a time and a place of our choosing, as they say.Jennifer Griffin at the Pentagon with more.Hey, Jennifer.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Neil.Well, there have been at least two new attacks by Iranian proxy groups in Syria since Friday night`s airstrikes. Clearly, the Iranian proxies in Iraq and Syria did not fully get the message. Just hours after U.S. warplanes hit 85 Iranian proxy targets at seven locations in Iraq and Syria Friday night, the Houthis in Yemen decided to test America`s resolve.Late Friday, the Houthis launched seven attack drones. All were shot down by the USS Laboon and F-18 Super Hornet launched from the USS Eisenhower. On Saturday, British warplanes joined the U.S. Navy in taking out 36 Houthi targets, including Iranian anti-ship missiles on the launchpads preparing to be fired.The U.S. continued those preemptive airstrikes on Sunday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAJ. GEN. PATRICK RYDER, PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: They have a finite amount of capability, and the question is, how much of that capability do they want to sacrifice to a doomed cause?(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: The most recent attack in Syria involved a single rocket fired this morning toward a U.S. base. No damage or casualties, we`re told.Yesterday, an Iranian-made drone killed six allied Syrian Kurdish forces near a U.S. base in Northeast Syria. The drone landed a few kilometers from the U.S. base. This weekend, there were reports of several targeted assassinations of at least one Iranian proxy leader in Eastern Iraq and several Afghan commanders funded by Iran`s Revolutionary Guard Corps in Syria.No one has taken responsibility for those attacks. Neil, the administration is walking a fine line between sending a message to Iranian proxies and not finding itself in a regional war with Iran. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin in a statement said the president has ordered additional actions to hold the IRGC and its affiliated militias responsible -- Neil.Jennifer, thank you very much.The focus right now isn`t so much on what we do next, but how Iranians and other various groups are responding.Leon Panetta here to give us his take on everything, the former U.S. defense secretary, CIA director, White House chief of staff. He`s done all those jobs.Anyway, let me ask you, Leon. It`s an interesting comment from Ebrahim Raisi, the Iranian president, who said, we will not start any war, but if anyone wants to bully us, they will receive a strong response.So they`re more or less saying, if you follow up, we`re following up. Or is it just threats?LEON PANETTA, FORMER U.S. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: Well, lots of threats in the Middle East these days.But I think the United States has to continue to send a strong message, both to Iran and to the proxies, that they have to stop any attacks against U.S. personnel. And they obviously haven`t heard that message yet. We`re going to continue to go after them and make sure that they do hear that message.CAVUTO: So let me ask you about that. Iran had warned the U.S. not only to attack, but two ships in particular caught their fancy that they don`t want to touch, this Behshad and Saviz. I`m probably mispronouncing it, and I apologize, but that they do not want them targeted.We say that they might be behind some of these Iranian command attacks, bottom line, the back-and-forth. So what if we attack them? What if we took them out? What do you think would happen?PANETTA: Well, let me put it this way.I don`t think you remove anything from the target list, including those ships.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: It`s odd that they went out of their way to identify them, though, these specific ships.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Yes.PANETTA: Of course. Of course, they identified them, because they`re important ships to their efforts to basically help the proxies. And that`s exactly the kind of target we ought to keep on the table, because if they continue to make these attacks --CAVUTO: Yes.PANETTA: -- then they`re going to continue to see that the United States is going to go after whatever targets we think are important to stopping them.CAVUTO: So, let me ask you this here. The U.N. Security Council is looking at the U.S. airstrikes in Syria, saying, those pushing this meeting, that they violate the U.N. Charter.Do they violate the U.N. Charter?PANETTA: Well, I find it interesting that the U.N. hasn`t investigated the fact that these proxy forces have conducted 165 attacks or more now against U.S. personnel and U.S. bases.So I don`t -- I don`t regard the U.N. as being credible right now in terms of what they`re investigating.CAVUTO: There`s been a lot of criticism, maybe without knowing where this goes, from Republicans who say we are loath to get Iran where it hurts or even go into Iran or even go directly after Iranian assets themselves, not the assets of some of their followers or sycophants or proxies, whatever you want to call them.How do you feel about that? The last president who went into Iran or tried to was Jimmy Carter. Didn`t go well for him. And maybe that`s something that Joe Biden is aware of. What do you make of that?PANETTA: Well, I -- look, I don`t think the United States wants a war with Iran, and I don`t think Iran wants a war with the United States. But in terms --CAVUTO: But why would that automatically be the case if we went in there? That`s the reason I`m making it. We have had a number of people on to say that, if we`re so anxious about going on that third rail and extending this war and causing World War III, Iran knows that and is laughing its you- know-what off.PANETTA: Well, I think Jake Sullivan over the weekend took the right position, which is to not take Iran off the table.I think the president, frankly, should not have said that we are not going to attack Iran. Iran ought to be a potential option here.CAVUTO: So, you think -- I`m sorry. You the Jake Sullivan line is in the present administration thinking and not the commander in chief`s line, his boss, who said that that was not happening? So they have revised that now to say an attack in Iran is among the possibilities?And you`re OK with that? You think Joe Biden`s OK with that?PANETTA: I think they have taken the position not to remove any potential targets from the table.And I think that, frankly, that`s the right position to take, because, look, if Iran or the proxies keep going after Americans and suddenly, instead of three Americans, we lose 25 Americans, then I think all targets are on the table.CAVUTO: All right, you know Joe Biden well. Apparently, he`s fond of using -- I don`t want to make this an adult and a family show -- he`s fond of using the F-word a lot in campaign speeches and like, but he applies it apparently to Netanyahu, Benjamin Netanyahu.Is he snapping?PANETTA: Say that again. I`m not sure of the question.CAVUTO: I`m not going to repeat the F question.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: I`m just saying he uses that a lot.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: And I`m wondering if you think he`s snapping, if he`s losing it.PANETTA: No, look, I think he knows the Middle East, I think he`s been making some pretty good decisions with regards to our response.Look, the politics of the Middle East are crazy right now.CAVUTO: Sure.PANETTA: It`s tough to figure out who`s on first. There`s a lot of moving parts here.Not only are we attacking. Not only is there an effort to try to find a cease-fire and exchange hostages. Not only is there an effort to try to see if we can find a Palestinian state. There`s also an effort to try to see if we can make a deal with Saudi Arabia. Who knows whether that all moves in the right direction or the wrong direction.CAVUTO: I just thought I`d get you to slip and do something on the F-word thing.It failed, but until I get you back next time, Leon, thank you very much, always good seeing you.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Leon Panetta.All right, meanwhile, King Charles, he has cancer. He`s being treated for it. We`re having a devil of a time finding out what type of cancer he has - - after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we know King Charles III has cancer. We don`t know what type of cancer it is. He is receiving treatment for it back at home.So, what that might mean, I have no idea. But, fortunately, Dr. Marty Makary might, the Johns Hopkins professor of public health, bestselling author, FOX News contributor, to give us his thoughts on all of this.Doctor, always good having you.So much we don`t know, and we try to read in between the medical tea leaves here. What do you think is going on?DR. MARTY MAKARY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, we know that they discovered this when they were treating him for an enlarged prostate.Now, typically, prostate cancer is not enlarged. Enlarged prostates are benign prostatic hyperplasia, or BPH. Perhaps they got a CAT scan before they treated the BPH and noticed something on the lung. Maybe it was lung cancer.Most common cancers in somebody of his age, 75 years of age, are prostate, colon and lung. Doesn`t sound to be like a skin cancer. Certainly, if he`s undergoing treatment, doesn`t sound like a procedure. We I would say possibly one of those big three common cancers that we see in men later in life, prostate, colon or lung.CAVUTO: The fact -- and I could have misread it, Doctor -- you can help me with this -- that he is being treated back at home or the palace, whatever home is for royalty these days, or which one of them, but that he`s not in the hospital, what are we to read into that?That it`s less severe, treatable at home? What?MAKARY: Yes, for now, he`s doing well. Now, the question is, are they planning something elective down the road like a procedure?Are they planning chemotherapy? They you could do chemotherapy either for early stage cancers or for a late stage cancer that`s inoperable or sometimes in preparation to shrink a cancer before you get to surgery. Now, if it`s lung cancer, there`s some better chemo agents out there that are a little more targeted, as opposed to the blanket chemotherapy, but there`s been a general disappointment.We haven`t seen improvements in chemotherapy for the $100 billion investment a year that we spend on cancer research. Prostate is so common, It`s almost part of normal aging. One in eight men will develop prostate cancer. The biggest advancement there is, we`re operating on fewer people, recognizing we can observe them and follow them closely better.And colon and pancreatic cancer, it`s still the same old treatments and we have made minimal progress with those types of cancers. But the overall five-year survival even for colon cancer that has spread is now at about 80 percent. That`s pretty good.CAVUTO: If it is any one of the ones that you mentioned, if caught early, right?MAKARY: That`s right. Now, skin cancer is still arguably maybe the most common cancer out there. It depends how you classify skin lesions.CAVUTO: Yes.MAKARY: Sarah Ferguson, somebody in that royal immediate family, announced just a month ago that she had both breast and melanoma. So perhaps it`s that time when people realize none of us are going to be here forever and cancer is common.And you start hearing about friends that develop cancer diagnoses.CAVUTO: All right, we will see what happens. Hopefully, early treatment, detection combined all help.Doctor, thank you very much.In the meantime, I don`t remember how many of you remember that iconic scene at a devastated World Trade Center after the 9/11 attacks, President Bush. And that fellow to the right, he was iconic himself.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I can hear you.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)BUSH: I can hear you. The rest of the world hears you.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)BUSH: And the people -- and the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon!(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)CROWD: USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: I think you know that fellow on the left.You might not know the fellow on the right. His name was Bob Beckwith. He was a retired New York firefighter. He was just there in the rubble as the president was getting ready to address folks only three days after the 9/11 attacks.Karl Rove, as Martha MacCallum might have shared in her wonderful hour just before, had said, you are the guy I want to be standing around here when the president comes by. Of course, Beckwith didn`t know who he was talking about, that it would be the president, in fact, himself, and that famous moment that, of course, is recorded in history, and for Beckwith and his family, well, something they would never forget, particularly Bob, a modest fireman who had told me some years after that how special this moment was.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BOB BECKWITH, FORMER FDNY FIREFIGHTER: He was going to talk at this command post across the street. So I figured all the microphones are there. That`s where he`s going to be.So I had a nice place on the command -- on the truck to see him. And this guy comes over. And he dusts off next to my foot. And I didn`t know who he was. But he let me know later it was Karl Rove.CAVUTO: Sure.BECKWITH: I didn`t know who Karl Rove was.And --CAVUTO: The name rings a bell.BECKWITH: Yes.CAVUTO: Yes. Go ahead.BECKWITH: And he says, you know, that: "Somebody important is coming over here. When they do, you help them up and then you get down."I said: "OK."And he -- the president is coming over. And he stands in front of me.(LAUGHTER)BECKWITH: I thought, wow, this is -- I pull him up. I turn him around.And I said: "You OK, Mr. President?"He said: "Yes."I start to get down. He said: "Where you going?"(LAUGHTER)BECKWITH: I said --CAVUTO: Well, you know, they have that fire truck, they have some of the rubble from that scene, and they have that bullhorn.So you are part of this history in this museum. How do you feel about that?BECKWITH: OK. Very good. Very -- they should. They should put part of George Bush`s, you know --(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: No, but you`re there too, young man.BECKWITH: I just happened to be the guy with George Bush. He was the president, and I just happened to be the guy next to him. That`s it in a nutshell.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: You know, he was there at the rubble site and had been a couple of days before just helping out where he could. He was recently retired.But like so many firemen and so many heroes that day, whether they worked or not, were supposed to be in or not, whether they retired or not, everyone wanted to help.Bob said: "It`s just what we did. It`s just what I did, the best I could do."