NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Well, the big labor showdown could be on.President Joe Biden in the key state of Michigan teaming up with the United Auto Workers who only last week endorsed him for president of the United States. Now what are the Teamsters going to do? After meeting with Donald Trump, could the influential union maybe back him?Teamsters President Sean O'Brien is back with us.But first:(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): You, if you want to get on a commercial flight in this country, you got to get a -- basically a cavity search. You got to show I.D. You got to go through all this. These illegals don't even need photo I.D. They can fly on our planes without photo I.D.You talk about putting the American people last. What the hell are we doing in this country? It is a total farce.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Fed up and now fighting back, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis stepping up the fight against illegal immigration, sending up to 1,000 National Guard troops to Texas to try and help stop it. We are all over it.Welcome, everyone. I'm Neil Cavuto.Let's get right to it. Matt Finn, he is in Eagle Pass, Texas, ground zero in that fight, and a relentless fight, at that.Matt, what do you have for us?MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Neil, over the past couple of weeks, our crews have noticed a substantial drop of those large migrant groups arriving here in Shelby Park.And now we have some fresh numbers to reflect what we're seeing. According to CBP sources, in the last week of January, 71 percent of the illegal apprehensions along the southern border happened in the states of Arizona and California, not Texas. Now you may recall here inside of Shelby Park in December, there was that huge crush of migrants, 3,000 to 4,000 a day.Now that has plummeted to just a few hundred a day. Texas officials tell us we are in the historically slower colder months, so let's see what happens in the spring, but there are some other elements at play. Since that December surge, Texas has seized this property, as we have been reporting, and put up the massive razor wire barrier.Our crews are witnessing Texas National Guard now telling migrants who approach to turn back to Mexico. And Texas is also now criminally arresting single adult migrants who illegally pass into this park. That is new. Also, Texas DPS and FOX sources tell us that Mexico is now conducting meaningful enforcement, in part intercepting groups of illegal migrants and sending them south.Now, Mexico's cooperation seemingly came after Biden Cabinet officials met with the Mexican president in December for what was described as productive talks on illegal immigration, now the bulk of illegal immigration happening in states like Arizona and California, where shocking new video from La Joya in San Diego shows a boat of suspected illegal immigrants driving their boat ashore and then taking off running.It's not clear if that group of about eight or so was ever caught. And some of the latest numbers we can report from the San Diego Sector, earlier this week, on Monday alone, there were more than 1,300 illegal crossings there, with more than 160 Chinese nationals -- Neil.CAVUTO: Matt, thank you for that.Matt Finn in Eagle Pass.Want to go to Congressman Chip Roy right now, the House Freedom Caucus policy chair, House Judiciary Committee, House Budget Committee. He's on a lot of important committees.So, Congressman, what do you make of this and the governors who are now pitching in to help Governor Abbott in Texas any way they can?REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Neil, great to be on.And, yes, it's super to have the support from these governors across the country, at least 25, right, that have offered their at least verbal support to Governor Abbott, who is doing a great job trying to stand in the breach when the federal government is refusing to do its job.Governor DeSantis, obviously, and a friend of mine, as we have talked about before, great that he is sending almost 1,000. I think it's about maybe 800 or 900 of the National Guard and then 100 of their own state Guard. That's actually a change, that's a big difference. These are not your traditional National Guard guys. This is your local state Guard in Florida.So he's trying to send resources to help. We need that in Texas, but it's great to see the result, where we're seeing the numbers that have now plummeted. I think we're now down to like 200 a day, rather than the thousands that we have seen sitting there in Eagle Pass.But there's another factor in all of this, not just the great efforts of the governor, the legislature to pass laws being -- allowing us to be able to arrest people. But also I think what's going on is a political play. We know that there's been reporting that Obrador has met with the Biden administration, with somewhat of an agreement that is not fully clear to lower the numbers.They're now trying to pull people off trains. They're making changes down to Mexico. They know they need to decrease those numbers electorally this year for election purposes. So that's another factor. And now you're seeing, because of Texas enforcement, and because they -- Mexico concentrated on Coahuila right across the border, now you're seeing the numbers move to California.So I think that's part of all of this puzzle.CAVUTO: Congressman, we're told Senator Lankford of Oklahoma says that border deal measure should be released some time tomorrow. I think you guys will have 72 hours to read it. He says it's about 200 pages.So you will finally get a chance to find out what's in it. What you have heard about it, what do you think about?ROY: Well, first of all, I mean, look, I don't want to disparage anybody. I mean, Senator Lankford has tried to work to do something here.But, look, bottom line is, this is a bill that we know is dead when it comes to the House, in terms of any of the provisions that we believe are in it. We have not seen the text. We will see the text hopefully tomorrow or Saturday. The Senate's going to move to it next week.I mean, Mike Lee, a senator, has been going around saying, guys, I don't even know what's in the bill yet. And they're talking about filing cloture next week. That is the tool in the Senate to move to the bill, as you know. So that's a problem.We know that it's setting sort of a floor, instead of a ceiling, of like 5,000 a month. We're not going to do that, OK? We're not going to do that in the House. Speaker Johnson has been very clear of that -- clear about that. So we're going to need to do our part to make sure we push to get actual border security, not this effort by the Senate to do another deal.Whenever the Senate starts coming together to do a deal, man, run away from it, because it's never going to work out well for the hardworking people out there. I'm happy to go sit down and have a conversation. But we passed a bill last year that would actually do the job. We know what we need to do, and it's enforce the law.And that's what we have got to do is hold the administration accountable. And I hope we actually impeach Mayorkas on the floor of the House next week as well.CAVUTO: We don't know all the details. Some of them that have leaked out say that President Biden likes what's being worked on. He said that he would shut down the border as soon as he gets something like this.But there is a caveat on it in there, and we don't know for sure if it's true, Congressman, that up to 5,000 is the ceiling that could be allowed staying in here every day. Jeh Johnson, the homeland security secretary under Barack Obama, had said anything over 1,000 was crazy.ROY: Right.CAVUTO: So, if that's true, is that a definite no-vote from you?ROY: Oh, it's not just a no-vote. I mean, it's a -- as they say, like fix bayonets and like take the magazine out and throw it at them, whatever it takes, right?It is an absolute throw everything I can to stop it, because this is what happens. Republicans try to take the goalposts. They move. They open up the floodgates to 5,000, 10,000, whatever it is today. We have been running at 10,000 a day. They then want to come back and say we will agree with you. We will cut a great deal for the American people. We will set the new standard at 5,000 a day, as you just noted, five times worse than what Obama's secretary said, Jeh Johnson said was an actual problem.Why would we do that? Now, they will push back and say, oh, no that's not actually the standard. It will be lower than that at times. But that's crazy. The fact that they're setting it at 5,000, the reforms they're putting in place on asylum and parole, they won't do the job.By the way, those numbers, they don't deal with the family units, right? They're trying to say, oh, you will detain the single adult males and single adult people, but we won't actually touch the family units. Well, guess what? You will just encourage more family units, which encourages more sex trafficking of kids, abuse of kids, empowers cartels further.We cannot do that. We need to go back to what our current law states, which is secure the border, detain, do our job. Yes, you can have asylum claims, but only if you detain. That should be the rule. Zero people should be released into the United States. That's our position. The Senate has a weaker position. We're going to fight it.CAVUTO: Well, that's the one area where you and Donald Trump agree. He's not a fan of this, what's been out there.I am curious, if you don't mind my asking, sir, how you and the former president are getting along, whether you talk with each other. Your support for Ron DeSantis sort of chafed at him.ROY: Yes.CAVUTO: But maybe bygones are bygones? What can you tell us?ROY: Well, first of all, let me say it's not the one area I agree with former President Trump on. I agree with hundreds of areas of former President Trump, I mean, a lot of different policies, I mean, some tax policies, his positions moving the embassy to Jerusalem.I could go down a laundry list, I mean, appointing justices that were at least in the ballpark.CAVUTO: Well, that really didn't matter to him as soon as you supported Ron DeSantis. You were persona non grata.ROY: Yes. Well, but that's because...CAVUTO: That's politics, I understand.ROY: Yes, but that's the sort of kiss the ring mode.CAVUTO: Right.ROY: And, like, I don't do that. He knows that. He respects that.And, by the way, Rick Perry called him a cancer, and, like, the next year, he was the secretary of energy. I think we will be just fine. Politics...CAVUTO: So you haven't talked to him since all of this, Congressman? I just wanted to be clear.ROY: No, he's got things he's got to do.CAVUTO: Right. All right.ROY: He's got to go get elected. He's got to go get his delegates, and we will proceed. I'm going to -- I'm doing my job here. He knows where I am, and we're going to keep advancing conservative policies.CAVUTO: All right, well, you do speak your mind.Chip Roy, always good seeing you. Thank you very much.ROY: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, the political fallout with Julia Manchester right now, The Hill national politics correspondent.Julia, where is this sort of stacking up as political red meat, actually, you could argue for each side, I guess. But how do you see it sorting out?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: On the campaign trail, look, I think it's huge, Neil.I mean, covering Iowa and New Hampshire and even South Carolina, you go up to voters and ask them what their top priority is on -- when they go to the ballot box and they say immigration. And there is certainly strong feelings about immigration and what's in this legislation and what a deal is ultimately brokered.Now, I don't think voters are necessarily into the nitty-gritty, into the weeds of this, but -- and like how us in Washington would be. However, they're certainly concerned about this. And I think it has Democrats right now on the defense.But going back Capitol Hill, Neil, I think it's interesting, because you have Congressman Roy, who is definitely skeptical and bullish on -- or pushing back on this Senate deal from what we have seen of it so far, but you also have House Democrats pushing back against this, particularly progressives.House Republicans -- some House Republicans say it doesn't go far enough. Well, some House Democrats say it goes too far. So I think it's certainly a sticky situation on Capitol Hill, but voters are certainly paying attention.CAVUTO: There has been division even among some Republicans, Julia. And you and I have talked about this before. But I know Dan Crenshaw, who was with us yesterday, was slamming a lot of Republicans who are criticizing this security deal that's really just going to be formally released tomorrow site unseen, and that that was a pretty stupid thing to do.What do you make of that and the tension even within conservative members in a conservative House?MANCHESTER: Yes, look I mean, we have seen this tension for a while.And I think the fact that this deal that has to do with border security, the fact that it's tied to Ukraine is huge, and the U.S. interest in Ukraine is very big, because we do know that there has been divisions among House Republicans and also between House Republicans and Senate Republicans on this issue of Ukraine.And there are certainly concerns among some members of linking those two issues together in this deal, when they are very, very different issues. So I think we can expect to see those differences level up and continue on.CAVUTO: Julia, always good chatting with you.Thank you very much, Julia Manchester, the Hill national politics correspondent.I want to draw your attention to the mirror opposite of what we saw yesterday at the corner of the Wall and Broad. Now, the fact of the matter is, we made up all the ground we lost yesterday, and, in so doing, we hit another record on the Dow Jones industrial, all the major averages up, as interest rates came collapsing down, convinced right now that the Federal Reserve might put off cutting interest rates.But the markets took matters into their own hands, convinced it's steady as she goes and earnings are looking good. And speaking of which, Amazon after the bell out with earnings that look better than thought, both revenues and earnings, and apparently on both counts.Now, in Amazon, what they do in terms of advertising on the Web, that's a very, very important number. And the estimates right there were going to be for about $14 billion. Turns out it was more like $24 billion. Bottom line, the stock is up 4 percent in after-hours trading. This is Amazon.Meta, much the same story. It's up right now considerably in after-hours trading after revenues and earnings, again, handily beat Street estimates. I say this is important, because we complete this troika of earnings in about 15 minutes when Apple comes out with its earnings.And the focus on Apple is not only how many devices it sold, but how business is going in China. You might be seeing lately from companies -- and we have been reporting this on FOX Business -- there's nothing going on in China. There's no activity going on in China. It's put a chill on a lot of tech companies that do business there and have a lot of workers there and a lot of exposure there.So, if we can complete this hat trick of a predominant Internet companies and tech companies and show that the Magnificent Seven, as they're often known, are even more magnificent than we thought, and they weren't beaten down too much, well, that will be a big development.Focus on that, after-hours new, good for the markets. You don't want to put a permanent stamp on this, because it was just the mirror opposite yesterday.In the meantime, finally, we had a chance to see and here for a long time Lloyd Austin. The defense secretary apologized for probably not communicating as well as he could have. What he said and especially regarding a war with Iran that he didn't quite say was a war with Iran.We have got Senator Mark Warner, among others, joining us on the significance of that -- after this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LLOYD AUSTIN, U.S. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: We're not at war with Iran.And, yes, the Houthis continue to do some things that are very irresponsible and illegal.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we got to see and hear and get a sense of his physical health from Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin today.Jennifer Griffin was there, joins us in the Pentagon.Hey, Jennifer.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Neil.Well, facing pointed questions for the first time, the secretary, who is in the nuclear weapons chain of command, was contrite and took responsibility for keeping the president and his national security team in the dark about his prostate cancer and time in the ICU at a time of rising tensions in the Middle East.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LLOYD AUSTIN, U.S. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: I want to be crystal clear. We did not handle this right, and I did not handle this right. I should have told the president about my cancer diagnosis. I should have also told my team and the American public.And I take full responsibility. I apologize to my teammates and to the American people.(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: Defense Secretary Austin walked gingerly up to the podium, still rehabilitating his leg, a post-op complication from prostate surgery, acknowledging his lapse in judgment.He apologized for missing an opportunity to be a role model for the one in six black men diagnosed with prostate cancer and others who often are too embarrassed to talk about their prostate and getting screened.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AUSTIN: The news shook me, and I know that it shakes so many others, especially in the black community. It was a gut punch.And, frankly, my first instinct was to keep it private. I don't think it's news that I'm a pretty private guy. I never liked burdening others with my problems. It's just not my way.(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: The questioning soon turned to the looming us response to Iran and its proxies killing three Americans.The Pentagon briefed Congress of its plans in a classified session Wednesday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AUSTIN: We're not at war with Iran. And, yes, the Houthis continue to do some things that are very irresponsible and illegal. And so our goal is to make sure that we take away -- we continue to take away capability from the Houthis to do what they have been doing.(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: And the attacks keep coming.CENTCOM says it shot down a Houthi drone over the Gulf of Aden today. The Houthis also fired two anti-ship ballistic missiles from Yemen targeting the Liberian-flagged vessel Koi in the Red Sea, which fortunately missed.U.S. defense officials tell us that they have completed forensic work on the remnants of the drone that killed the Americans and assess it was manufactured in Iran -- Neil.CAVUTO: Jennifer Griffin, thank you for all of that.Senator Mark Warner with us right now of Virginia.Sir, very good to have you.SEN. MARK WARNER (D-VA): Thank you, Neil.CAVUTO: What do you make of the defense secretary's explanation for his delayed response, his apology for that, the whole thing?WARNER: Well, Neil, I think it was pretty straight up. He screwed up. And he apologized to his team. He apologized to the American people.And I think it should never happen again. But I think he didn't try to avoid responsibility.CAVUTO: There are some of your Republican colleagues, sir, who still want his head, that he should step down, that this was not the way it should be handled. They appreciate what he was going through, but that he made some serious errors in judgment.WARNER: Listen, I think he said he made a mistake. I agree. Any behavior like that again, as a former governor, as a former chief executive, you wouldn't get a second shot with me if you screw up again.But I think the president said he still has his confidence, so he's the guy in charge.CAVUTO: Senator, he kind of intimated here, actually said it outright, that he drew a fine line between taking on Iran and being at war with Iran, that we're not at war with Iran. Many people think Iran certainly is at war with us. Where are you on this?WARNER: Well, Neil, first of all, let's look at what you just reported on when he talked about the Houthis.One of the things -- I was just in the region, bipartisan intelligence trip, where we heard repeatedly, yes, Iran helps the Houthis or helps some of these groups, but they don't control them. As a matter of fact, we heard that the Houthi leaders think that he is higher in ranking, religious ranking, than the Iranian supreme leader.That doesn't absolve Iran, by any means, of the responsibility, but the idea that they are directing act by act. I do think so far our pushback on the Houthis has not been near enough. We have been trying to take out some of their launching capacity. I think we need to go to command-and-control.And I think we have got that capability. And I think with the Houthis, we don't want to restart a civil war there. Frankly, you have got half the country in refugee status already, literally starving in certain cases. But punching back harder is something I think that I would urge the president to take on in terms of the Houthis.As we go to the Shia groups that took out and unfortunately killed three of our service members, I think we need to step up as well. I would point out -- and I was in the room with then-President Trump when he told a group of us he was going to strike inside of Iran, and thought better about it, and then said he would choose a time and place.And when he then acted efficiently against General Soleimani from the Iranian military, he took that general out, not in Iran, in Baghdad. So I think there are Iranians in region. I think it would not be in America's best interest to go into an active war at this moment with Iran. I don't think American people want that.But I do think, again, there needs to be a price paid for the three American soldiers killed.CAVUTO: We will probably come up with that price paid and whether the president announces it when he visits Dover Air Force base to meet the families of those three who were killed in action tomorrow.I am curious, though, why are reluctance to take this on more directly, that there's nothing indirect about Iran or its proxies and the repeated attacks on us. I think we're up to close to 170 attacks to which we have responded, I think, less than a dozen times, Senator.The American people have this perception that the president is overly cautious here, inviting still more attacks.WARNER: Well, I would, first of all -- I don't want to get into intel, but the number of these attacks that go back even before October 7, and there is -- I think there are some where the -- they are trying to pinprick, but not directly hit Americans.I would argue as well -- and that's obviously changed what happened in Jordan, but I think taking out that militia leader and -- in Baghdad a few weeks back, people seem to have forgotten that. I think that was a sign against the groups themselves. I think we need to show a more dramatic sign and punch back against Iranian forces in region.That is different, though, then, even as President Trump came to the conclusion, of striking inside the territorial borders of Iran. I don't think you take that off the table. The president ought to choose the time and time in place. Doing this right is better than doing it quick.And, again, you and I and the American people will be a judge once he once he takes that action, was it enough?CAVUTO: All right, well, you know that intelligence far better than I, sir. So we will see what happens.But, Senator Warner, very good seeing you again. Thank you.WARNER: Thank you, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, in the meantime here, we know where the UAW went. It stacked its political chips on one Joe Biden. We still have not heard from the Teamsters union.But we will hear from its head, Sean O'Brien, who's had the opportunity to meet at least with President Trump, I believe twice. Where he stands on all this?After this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Getting ripped for not being ripped?Patrick Mahomes is getting the dad bod treatment, as if there's something wrong with that. I thought he looked fine, but a raging debate that is tearing down our society -- next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, want to show you what's going on in Detroit, Michigan, right now.President Biden will be meeting with the UAW. It's the first big event that they are planning together since the UAW came out last week, remember, Shawn Fain saying, he's our guy for president. That did not shock people.We're still waiting to hear from a number of other big unions in the country, perhaps no more closely than the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. Sean O'Brien, its president, kind enough to join us right now.Sean, good to have you.SEAN O'BRIEN, GENERAL PRESIDENT, TEAMSTERS: Thank you. How are you doing, sir?CAVUTO: I'm fine.Let me get your take. We know where the UAW stands. We're still waiting to find out where you and your union stands. So where are you on this?O'BRIEN: Well, I think, as I have stated publicly is that we are doing our due diligence. We have reached out to the -- President Biden's campaign staff. They have not given us a date as of yet.We met with former President Trump yesterday. We're doing our due diligence, and we're going to continue to do that. And we are not going to be pressured by anybody to make a decision. This is going to be one of our most important decisions that we are going to have to make. And we're going to be inclusive, especially with our rank-and-file members.And we are going to be thoughtful about the choice we make.CAVUTO: So, when could we expect that decision?O'BRIEN: Well, historically, we don't do anything until after the conventions, respectful conventions.CAVUTO: OK.O'BRIEN: But, in the meantime, look, we are meeting with as many people as we can to try and come to this conclusion. We have got a lot of polling that we're doing, and that polling's important, because, look, we have got members on both sides of the aisle, both Democrat and Republican and independents.And we owe each one of those buckets the opportunity to gather as much information and be as transparent as possible. I don't control what other unions do, what their policies are.CAVUTO: Right.O'BRIEN: I'm focused on the 1.3 million Teamsters and what's in the best interest of their families and themselves.CAVUTO: So, you and Shawn Fain know each other. You have high respect for each other. He's no fan, when I talked to him, of Donald Trump, didn't even bother to meet with him.You have met with Donald Trump twice. What do you think of that?O'BRIEN: Well, listen, again, he has his own opinions, and I have my own directives and motives.CAVUTO: But he didn't even meet with him. You might not flip -- I don't know who you like personally or not. I don't mean to intrude.O'BRIEN: Right.CAVUTO: But he didn't even bother meeting with him.O'BRIEN: Yes, look, I -- the one thing that I have prided on myself on as a leader is to try and have conversations, whether I like a person or I don't like a person.And the conversations for me and my organization are important whether we like someone or we don't like someone. And, again, I can't speak for anybody else. I'm willing to meet with anybody. I mean, look, you're trying to broker a meeting between Senator Mullin and myself.(LAUGHTER)O'BRIEN: And that's probably going to happen at some point in the next five or six years.CAVUTO: All right.O'BRIEN: So, we will see what happens.CAVUTO: Well, remember, I'm always playing that role to negotiate a settlement. I have upped it to like an Olive Garden or something like that.But...O'BRIEN: Well, I will tell you...CAVUTO: Go ahead.O'BRIEN: ... you're very good at it, right?So you might have the Don versus Shawn settlement coming up, not -- the other Shawn, not this Sean.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: I hear you. I hear you.So, let me ask you a little bit about where this whole process goes. You mentioned the rank and file. And what's always fascinating me over the years and decades I have covered this -- I know I don't look that old, Sean -- but that the rank and file generally is more inclined to like Republicans than the leadership is.And in many, many occasions, that's what's happened. They have gone overwhelmingly, let's say in the '80s, for Ronald Reagan, and after that for George Herbert Walker Bush. So, I'm just wondering whether you feel that kind of pressure that your members might feel very differently than you and might push a different candidate, because many of them really like Donald TrumpThey like his message. They like his blunt delivery. And they don't flip over Joe Biden.O'BRIEN: Well, that's why we're being very thoughtful and meticulous about how we go through this process. And we're going to do a lot of polling.We have started some polling. I believe we will be starting some polling next week. And it's not just going to be...CAVUTO: Polling what? What are you polling about?O'BRIEN: We're going to be polling our members about the issues that affect our members and the potential issues that will be affecting.We're not polling...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Does that poll then go to, all right, between Donald Trump, Nikki Haley, if that's the case, if you met with her, and Joe Biden, who do you like the most? And let's say Joe Biden is tops on that list. Do you go Joe Biden?O'BRIEN: No, we are going to go -- this is not a popularity contest.We want to get the person that is going to address our members' major concerns, just like what we have been doing in these roundtable meetings with our rank and file. It's not going to be about whether you like someone personally or not. It's whether this person is going to do the right thing by our members. And that's what the polling is going to dictate moving forward for us.CAVUTO: All right, now, I know the president's a busy guy, you're a busy guy, but, normally, for something important, like getting the support of the Teamsters, I might be inclined to open up my schedule to meet with you and find a time to meet with you.Did any of that bother you, that he's obviously taking his time for such a meeting? And maybe that's perfectly well and good. I'm not here to judge it, but did you take offense to that?O'BRIEN: Look, we are one of the most -- no, I didn't take offense to it. I'm a little perplexed by it.We are one of the most powerful unions in the country, and our 1.3 million members vote. I have had conversations with the president via phone several weeks ago.But I will say this. If you truly want -- anybody that truly wants our endorsement should come to the table sooner, than later.CAVUTO: But he's not done that.O'BRIEN: He -- there's been conversations. He hasn't committed. You're correct.CAVUTO: All right, how many phone conversations?O'BRIEN: I have had two phone conversations.CAVUTO: Two phone conversations over what period?O'BRIEN: Probably over the last three weeks.CAVUTO: All right, and you had two in-person meetings with Donald Trump, I think, over the last few weeks.O'BRIEN: Yes, sir, that's correct.CAVUTO: So, Donald Trump seems to want you a lot more than Joe Biden wants you.O'BRIEN: I don't know that I can't answer that.CAVUTO: Sure.O'BRIEN: But, again, like I said earlier, I think on the last broadcast I was in, there is no guarantee for anybody to get an endorsement.There might be a guarantee that no one gets an endorsement.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Really? That's a possibility, that you don't endorse a candidate at all?O'BRIEN: Anything's possible at this point.I mean, look, there's -- the media is doing a great job of speculating on whether both will be running for different reasons. So, we have got to keep our powder dry to see what actually is going to happen. I think our strategy to be methodical about it is going to be in the best interest of our members and our organization.CAVUTO: All right, you got a very generous deal for your members when you negotiated the UPS settlement. And, of course, it was a preview of coming attractions for what the United Auto Workers were able to get with the big automakers.Do you think this -- there's a sweet spot for unions here, but you're worried that it could be short-lived?O'BRIEN: No, I think we have made great strides. I know the UPS agreement you referenced was historic, and I know that the United Auto Workers took pages out of our strategy and achieved a contract for their members as well.No, I don't believe this is short-lived. I think -- and that's why we're doing a lot of this work. We're meeting with people that we never met before. We're having conversations with people we have never had conversations before, trying to obviously show them how valuable we are to this country and how important unions are to rebuilding and maintaining a strong American.CAVUTO: If you don't pick Donald Trump -- and he has been very complimentary of you -- sometimes, not all the time, Sean, he gets -- he can get nasty in his response. Are you prepared for that?O'BRIEN: Look, I'm prepared for anything, as you know.Look, my goal is to respect the position, whoever that may be, and if we have differences of opinions, we have got to come to some sort of middle ground.CAVUTO: OK, we will watch very, very closely.Sean, very good seeing you again.O'BRIEN: Great. Always a pleasure, sir.And, listen, it's going to be the other Shawn versus Don you're going to be mediating next.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: All in a restaurant, Italian restaurant. It's going to be like a bad "Sopranos" episode, but with Irish guys, with Irish guys.O'BRIEN: Absolutely. Yes.CAVUTO: Thank you very much, Sean, Sean O'Brien.We will be following that very, very closely.In the meantime, when we talk about how much Americans are willing to spend, you really have to commit big dough to go on the world's largest cruise ship. It's already set sail and its missions and its main sailings are booked solid for the rest of the summer into the fall.You and about 9,000 of your closest friends can try it out. Take a look at it -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, Apple stock is down a little bit more than 2 percent in after-hours trading, not doing what Amazon and Meta did, reporting earnings that handily beat estimates.In Apple's case, the earnings weren't the big issue. Revenue was growing there for the first time in about a year. But China continues to show weakness. Now, I mentioned this earlier in the show, because China seems to be the big bugaboo for some companies that are widely exposed there. Alphabet comes to mind, a host of others. And they're just not generating much attention, sales activity at all, Apple among them.That was one of the more closely watched aspects of this earnings report. I could go into other features here. Bottom line is the fact that China's continue to show weakness means that Apple is continuing to show weakness, especially in after-hours trading. So we will keep an eye on that.In the meantime, I want to go to Joseph Lieberman. You remember him, the 2000 Democratic vice presidential nominee and 2004 presidential candidate himself, No Labels founding chairman, Joe an illustrious life, continues it right now, trying to find that middle ground with a candidate that could be an alternative to, let's say, a Trump-Biden race.That's what it comes down to, right, Senator, that you don't want, or No Labels doesn't want someone at all if there's a repeat here of what we had, that that's what's driving this, right?FMR. SEN. JOE LIEBERMAN (I-CT): Yes, I mean, what's driving it really is the same purpose No Labels has had for the 12 years we have been around, which is to break the partisan gridlock and ideological extremism in Washington, so both parties will start working together again and solve some problems for the American people.And we think if it's Trump and Biden running again, which it sure looks like it will be, the campaign will be partisan, divisive. And, honestly, which ever one of them gets elected the next four years will be as partisan as the last four or eight have been.So that's what drives us and why we're working so hard to get on a ballot, across ballots for a third choice for the American people across the country.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But how does that look? The names I have seen, Senator, no offense, they're all fine men and women.LIEBERMAN: Yes.CAVUTO: You talk about Joe Manchin, Nikki Haley, if she doesn't make much progress in the Republican Party. Chris Christie's name has come up, Mitt Romney.LIEBERMAN: Right.CAVUTO: For a lot of people looking at those names, it's the Island of Misfit Toys and it's just not going to connect. What do you say?LIEBERMAN: Yes.Well, we're coming to a decision time, and we have said all along we would make a decision by -- after Super Tuesday, which is -- will be about six weeks from now, one, whether we think we can play a constructive role based on that data by offering the third lines we have to a bipartisan unity ticket, and, two, whether we can get top-tier candidates to run.So we're talking to a lot of people now, including...CAVUTO: Are those the top-tier guys?LIEBERMAN: Well...CAVUTO: Because -- and they're recognizable names. I take nothing away from them, Senator.LIEBERMAN: No.CAVUTO: But are they really going to move the needle or more take votes away from the established candidates?LIEBERMAN: Well, I think you look at the polls, and 60 to 70 percent of the American people say they don't want to have to choose between Trump and Biden again. They want a third choice.CAVUTO: Right.LIEBERMAN: And I think they want something different, a bipartisan choice.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But, by bipartisan -- I want to be clear. By bipartisan, you mean a ticket, a split ticket, where you have a Republican and a Democrat?LIEBERMAN: Exactly. And that's what's unique, and I think exactly the kind of rebellion that Washington needs right now.But we're talking to a lot of people, including some that are former elected officials, current elected officials, but some that nobody's mentioning that are retired military leaders, business leaders, people who are citizens who are motivated to even think about running on a bipartisan unity ticket.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Who are those military leaders? Who are those military leaders?LIEBERMAN: Oh, I wish I could give you the scoop. You know how I love you. But...CAVUTO: Why don't you just whisper it to me and I won't tell anyone?(LAUGHTER)LIEBERMAN: Yes, you, me, and your 1.5 million people watching.CAVUTO: So, bottom line, bottom line, you think that there's an appetite there.And you're quite right. I mean, oftentimes, you just have to get one more vote than the other guy, and most of our states are winner-take-all electorally, when -- in an electoral battle here.LIEBERMAN: Right. That's the key.CAVUTO: But the last guy to grab any substantial votes was Ross Perot, 19 percent. Didn't get a single electoral vote.You can go back to 1968. George Wallace got 48 electoral votes.LIEBERMAN: Right.CAVUTO: But he really tipped it to Richard Nixon back then, because he took those largely from Hubert Humphrey.So, again, even when you get a lot of electoral votes, you're taking them away from someone else. Isn't that what this comes down to?LIEBERMAN: Well, we're not going to give our alliance to a ticket if we think they're going to be spoilers.But our polling -- and we're doing a lot of polling and focus grouping now -- says that a bipartisan unity ticket would take from both parties, and particularly from a lot of registered independents, which is by far the largest group of voters in America.And you said something important, Neil, which most people don't know, which is every state but Maine and Nebraska gives their electoral votes to the ticket with the most votes. And that means, if you're in a three- or-four or five-way race, you get a third of the votes or a little more, you have got the electoral votes.CAVUTO: Interesting.LIEBERMAN: And that's one of the judgments we're going to make.CAVUTO: All right.LIEBERMAN: Because we think a strong bipartisan ticket could actually get elected this year.CAVUTO: All right. We'll watch closely.Senator, always good seeing you. Thank you very much.LIEBERMAN: You too, Neil. Take care.CAVUTO: Joe Lieberman on all of that.It's called the Icon of the Seas. Let's say it is just the world's biggest cruise ship, bar none, nothing bigger. You can cram almost 10,000 people into this, every single room, suite sold out.The guy behind it and saying it's going to continue for a long time -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: The ship has hit the span, and this is one heck of a span, the largest ship by far to ever launch on the high seas.I say largest for now, Royal Caribbean's Icon of the Seas booked solid not only for this opening maiden trip, but literally right through the end of the year.Jason Liberty of Royal Caribbean telling me why.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON LIBERTY, CHAIRMAN & CEO, ROYAL CARIBBEAN: People are buying a lot less stuff and they're really focused on creating memories with their friends and family and building experiences. We happen to be in that experience business.And so we see a very heavy wave of quality demand coming our way for each of our brands. You take something like Icon of the Seas, which we have been working on for seven years, dreaming and innovating based off of what we believe, based off of the research, what the consumer is looking for, and how do we compete directly with land-based vacation, and we design the ship, we build this ship.And what's happened for multigenerational family travel, we think we have really hit the target on what our guests are looking for.CAVUTO: The guests, you're a higher end. People forget that you have got Celebrity under your umbrella, Silversea. I mean, you cover a wide activity there.But people commit a lot of money when they go on these cruises, and they want a lot of service. So are they more demanding as a group when they're all crowded together, all 9,000 or 10,000 of them, on a ship?LIBERTY: Well, I think our guests always expect excellent service, and we're heavily committed to waking up every day and delivering the best vacations in the world and doing that in a responsible way. So they're always seeing that.But I think, just to address your point on what they're paying, I think it's -- whether it's on the Royal Caribbean brand, Celebrity or Silversea, they're still paying a pretty -- there's still a large gap to land-based vacation. And so it is still a value play, whether you're focusing on ultra-luxury or multigenerational travel.CAVUTO: It's pretty much going to be making tours in the Caribbean area.Is there any move afoot to have it cross the Atlantic or to do anything like that?LIBERTY: Yes, so this is the first in the class of the Icon series. And as more ships come out, the ships tend to then broaden their deployment.So this ship is in a seven-night eastern and western -- well, eastern and western product. But, over time, ships like Icon or the Icon class will also find its way to other parts of the world, especially places like the Western Mediterranean.CAVUTO: Real quickly, if I could, Jason, you know your stuff, obviously.But Royal Caribbean seems to avoid all-inclusive cruise pricing, in other words, where everything is under sort of like a one-check system. And I always wonder why that is, why shore excursions, or most of them, most drinks and all that, they are separate fees, that you don't combine them all or have all-inclusive.Maybe you do now, but that's something you're known for. Why?LIBERTY: Yes.Well, I think it depends on the customer, right?CAVUTO: OK.LIBERTY: So, on the Royal Caribbean brand, our guests, when we talk with them in terms of how they want to buy, they want to have choice.So, they don't want everything all included in bundle. They want to be able to select what fits best for their -- for them or for their families. But when you move up the line up to, for example, like Silversea, Silversea is an all-inclusive product.And even in our Celebrity brand, it's a little bit of a mix of choice, as well as all-inclusive. So it depends on who the customer or the segment is and how they're looking to buy and their expectations.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: It is an expensive cruise, though.You have to have Patrick Mahomes kind of money you got to do that. And he might want to escape on a big ship right now, given all the grief he's getting on this shirtless locker room picture that's been going viral. Some people are ripping him for not being ripped.And I'm thinking of myself, he's one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time. He looks perfectly fine to me.But Kat Timpf, "Gutfeld" co-host and Alli Breen, the comedian, radio personality are going to weigh in on this. They might know better than I.Alli, I will end it with you, begin with you, what you make of the reaction that he's getting. I think he looks fine, but this is the same guy who says in these before-and-after diet ads, my goal is to be the dude the way he looked before. That would be fine for me. But what do you make of this?We just lost her.Kat T., what do you make of this?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Sure.I think it's a lot of what we see when it comes to hate that people spew at other people on the Internet, right? Who are the people who are telling this, as you mentioned, amazing star quarterback that he's fat, right? What are these people doing in their lives that's better than going to the Super Bowl, right?I think that sometimes people have the view of, OK, if I can't be a star quarterback, then maybe I can call one fat or bring them down in some way.CAVUTO: You know what's weird about it, though? It's not the first time we have seen something like this where people are poking fun at someone. I remember Lady Gaga got some grief at her half-time Super Bowl show from people who were no position to judge her. She looked beautiful. She did a great job.But this comes up a lot. There are people who even send me nasty stuff, Kat, and I tell them the camera. It's 50 pounds. And, unfortunately, I see them outside in person. They say, no, it doesn't.But what do you make of that?TIMPF: Yes, I mean, I definitely get it myself.For me, if people are going to attack my appearance, it doesn't really matter to me as much.CAVUTO: Yes.TIMPF: Because it's changing every day. People are like, you're getting older. It's like, well, what else am I going to do, die, right?So that doesn't really affect me. And I'd be surprised if it affected him at all. I think he probably has bigger things on his mind right now. At least, I hope, for his sake, that he would have bigger things on his mind right now.But one thing that I always do is I remind myself what kind of person you would have to be to go after somebody like that, because, look, I have plenty of people who I'm not a fan of who I maybe see on TV, but I never feel the need to pull out my phone and let them know that I don't like them, let alone to comment on their body or their appearance in some way.CAVUTO: Yes, and more often than not, it's done anonymously or through some sort of a name. I mean, that's why I think all the nasty e-mail I get -- I get one or two pieces. Anyway, I think they are just nasty people.Anyway, but having said that, here we are, this guy, like I said, one of the greatest quarterbacks every. He could rival Tom Brady in terms of Super Bowl appearances and wins. If you could talk to him and he might be feeling down about this -- I hope he doesn't, because he shouldn't -- what would you tell him?TIMPF: Yes, I would tell him to remind himself, who are these people who are reaching out and doing these things? They probably -- they clearly have nothing better going on with their time or their life.I'm a little upset overall, though, because I decided to become a Lions fan finally.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I'm from the Detroit area -- after they made it to that game, and they did what they always do, which is get everyone's hopes up and then blow it in the second half.CAVUTO: Yes, and they lost, again, at a time when all this gets this attention...TIMPF: Yes.CAVUTO: ... to now we're looking at two premier quarterbacks in the best shape of their lives. And I extend that Mahomes and others.The fact is, it's a big game, a big moment, and the people who are picking him apart, they're not in the Super Bowl, are they?TIMPF: They wouldn't -- yes. No. And they would also never say it to his face.CAVUTO: No, no.Keep fighting on, Patrick. You're doing a fine job.Here's "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.