(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The issues are immigration, the economy, kind of getting America back to what it was before.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think another Biden/Trump rematch would probably be easy game for Trump, I think. I think a lot of stuff is swing in his favor.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When it comes down to Trump, I'm never voting for him. But I would consider Nikki Haley over Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I will be voting for Joe Biden, like I did four years ago.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump, because I like his personality. I think his personality is what makes him a very effective politician.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're issue voters, young people. And I think, as much as Joe Biden doesn't look like us, he really thinks like us.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: At this time, I'm seriously looking at an independent like Robert Kennedy. I think the two-party system is failing us miserable.(END VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Well, it is indeed the biggest day of the presidential calendar to date. And it's on right now; 15 states are holding contests today; 854 delegates are at stake.Donald Trump leads Nikki Haley in virtually all of these states, although she does have a striking chance in states like Massachusetts and Minnesota and Virginia and Vermont. In the meantime, the voting goes on in these and many more states.We have got the very latest now from Aishah Hasnie in Palm Beach, Florida - - Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Well, former President Trump certainly hopes and believes that he's going to win every single state tonight, he's going to sweep all of these states tonight. He certainly does not think that Nikki Haley really has a path forward. He thinks that campaign will end tonight.As to whether he will ask her to step down, he will not say, but he's accusing her of really dividing the Republican Party now by staying in this race. Listen to this.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: There's no path for her to win. Whether she likes hearing that or not, there's no path for her to win, no matter what. Now, today, I should win hopefully every state.(END AUDIO CLIP)HASNIE: Now, yesterday, Trump called that historic, unanimous Supreme Court ruling a unifying decision for the country.Out at the polls, we're hearing from the reluctant Trump supporter all the way to the ride-or-die Trump supporter.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARBARA GARDNER, CALIFORNIA VOTER: Well, I was a Nikki Haley fan, but when I saw that was going down the tubes, I voted for Trump. Things were better. Personally, I'm not a big fan, but he was good for the country, and that made it good for us. And I hope he wins.PRESTON HILL, NORTH CAROLINA VOTER: As long as he's mentally capable and keeps the same positions that he has been running on for the last close to nine years now, that I will still support him.FREDERICK ELLIS, CALIFORNIA VOTER: I would vote for him if he was sitting in a jail cell, period, because it's all political.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, Neil, Trump and his campaign really do believe that they have got this in the bag, that they will clinch this nomination as early as next Tuesday.And to give you an idea of how they're moving forward already, really pivoting, trying to pivot the narrative to the general election campaign, that general season, they're already planning an event in Georgia for Saturday -- Neil.CAVUTO: Thank you very much, that beautiful backdrop there. I envy your challenging assignment there, Aishah.Let's go to Bill Melugin, meanwhile, in Charleston, South Carolina, with the latest on how Nikki Haley hopes not to make this necessarily her last stand -- Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Neil, good afternoon to you.Nikki Haley's camp tells us they expect her to be competitive tonight. They point out that she's had 15 different rallies over the last 10 days, and they feel that this process is not a coronation for Donald Trump. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The problem is, right now, everybody's saying, if you don't support Donald Trump, you're a Democrat. That's terrible and that's not unifying and that's not going to get anyone to win a general election.What we wanted was to give people a voice. We're going to have that today.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And this is video of Nikki Haley campaigning in Fort Worth, Texas, last night, one of her final stops on the campaign trail before this Super Tuesday.We asked her campaign, which state should we be keeping an eye on tonight? Where do they think she's going to do well? They told us, wink, wink, keep an eye on the states she visited in recent days. One of those states was Maine. And we actually met a registered Maine voter out here on vacation in South Carolina.She's an independent who told us she already voted for Nikki Haley. Here's why.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WENDY SPURIA, MAINE VOTER: She stands for everything I stand for. She's a strong female. She was a great ambassador. She was a great governor, very strong in her convictions.MELUGIN: If Nikki Haley does not win the nomination, will you support Trump?SPURIA: No.MELUGIN: Why?SPURIA: I feel he's really bad for the country. I think he alienates too many people.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And, Neil, interesting to point out, as important as this Super Tuesday is, Nikki Haley's campaign tells us on background she is not having any campaign events tonight.We even asked, if things start looking like they're going well for Haley, will they potentially pop up an event? They said probably not.We will send it back to you.CAVUTO: Got it, Bill.Thank you, Bill Melugin, in South Carolina with that.So, obviously, a lot of big money types and donors are looking at Nikki Haley closely tonight. She's got to grab more than one or two contests. She's got to look competitive. And that is an uphill battle.The battle for that money after tonight for Nikki Haley, if there is an after tonight, with Julia Manchester, The Hill national politics reporter. We have got Daniel Lippman, the Politico White House and Washington reporter.Julia, what do you think of that? We focus so much on how much a candidate gets vote-wise. But in Nikki Haley's case, it's the donors who have been pushing her along and providing all the financing, more than the financing that she needs to carry on a very competitive race when it comes to the money side of it. It's just not turning up on the electoral side of it. What do you think?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: Yes, look, Neil, I think Nikki Haley has been fueled by her donors in many ways, going back to Iowa and New Hampshire.I mean, in New Hampshire, that was probably her best showing yet. But after South Carolina, we saw that the Koch-backed Americans for Prosperity stopped funding her, and her campaign still points to some fund-raising boons they have seen throughout this primary year.However, the question is, is it enough to convince donors, not only big- dollar donors, but also her grassroots supporters, that this is eventually going to pay off? You know, it was interesting, Neil. I was in Northern Virginia covering Nikki Haley last week, and I was chatting with a number of her supporters.And the majority of her supporters who I spoke to in Northern Virginia, when I asked them, do you think she will win Virginia,they said no. And when asked why they are supporting her, they essentially said, look, in case something were to block former President Trump from being on the ballot or running in this in the convention or the election.So it's going to be difficult, I think, for Haley to continue to make this case, especially after yesterday's Supreme Court ruling that showed that Donald Trump would not be barred from the Colorado ballot. We have seen other states sort of follow suit in deciding not to bar him.CAVUTO: It's interesting what Julia says, Daniel, because if she's right - - and she's been pretty good at this for the long time I have been talking to her -- then we're looking again at a Trump/Biden rematch.And that is not exciting. A lot of Americans, regardless of their point of view, that in a country of 340-plus million people, we come down to the same two we had last go-round. How much of that do you think is going to affect poll participation, voting in a general election?DANIEL LIPPMAN, WHITE HOUSE AND WASHINGTON REPORTER, POLITICO: Well, I think there's a lot of enthusiasm on the Republican side. It's double what it is on the Democratic side in terms of voting for their candidate. So I think it's 48 percent for Republicans who were enthusiastic about Trump. Only 23 percent are enthusiastic about Biden.So I would not underplay the progressives who are concerned about Biden's policies on Israel, about student loans that they have not gotten through, about climate change that they feel like Biden should get tougher on. And so I think Biden really has an opportunity after the State of the Union to reassure people that he is up for the task and can travel and do the job for four years.He -- there was a great New Yorker story yesterday about how he thinks because he was the only person to beat Trump last time, he kind of has this golden key to defeat him this time. But there's a lot of Democrats who don't think that's the case.CAVUTO: Guys, if I could veer off this particular contest on the presidential side to bring folks up to date on some developments, someone who might have been, or at least some Democrats had hoped to see as a possible presidential candidate, Michelle Obama.She's apparently not interested in the job. And I'm just wondering the significance of that, Julia, because there's always this fear among Democrats that they're going to lose with Joe Biden there. But time is a wasting and unless they pull something off at a convention, the opportunity is a wasting and sort of dying on the vine here.What is your take about the search, among some, for a Joe Biden alternative?MANCHESTER: Look, in terms of Michelle Obama, that's something that a lot of Republicans have actually brought up to me, Neil, that they think, oh, Michelle Obama would be the perfect alternative. And in many ways, she would be. She's a great asset.However, when talking to Democrats, they continue to say, look, it's going to be Joe Biden. They seemed locked and ready to go with him as their candidate and Kamala Harris as his running mate.I thought it was interesting, and to Daniel's point about the State of the Union tomorrow night and how pivotal of a moment that could be and the turning point in Biden's reelection campaign. We're going to see that this week. But, last Sunday, when we saw Kamala Harris in Alabama addressing voters, I thought it was interesting that she chose to call for a cease- fire in the Israel-Hamas war, one of her starkest calls for that yet.And I think that comes just -- that, what, came days after the Michigan uncommitted vote, which was not insignificant. I think right now Democrats are really realizing they need to change their strategy around to fix that coalition, whether that coalition involves bringing back Muslim or Arab American voters, Gen Z voters, African-American voters who haven't been as enthused for Biden.They're trying to repair that coalition and sew up any cracks. And I think we could start to see that at the State of the Union. And I think we started to see that on Sunday.CAVUTO: I'm wondering too guys about the Senate now in play. Senator Kyrsten Sinema says she won't want for reelection in Arizona. She's a Democrat-turned-independent. But now she's not going to be running at all.I don't know where that tips the scales in that state. We do know that the Democrats have a precarious hold on, a tiebreaker hold on the Senate. Is it your sense, the way things stand now, Daniel, that that's the one that Republicans have a chance at tipping?Of course, Democrats are hoping to do the same in the House, where the lead for Republicans is dwindling fast. I'm just wondering what's your sense of both the Senate and the House and how that could be playing out.LIPPMAN: I think Democrats are pretty happy today because this news about Sinema helps Ruben Gallego beat Kari Lake, who has kind of a troubled history in terms of being an election denier, and so that's harder to get the swing voters.One thing about Sinema, it's just kind of astonishing that she ended her political career as a centrist who had close ties to business and Wall Street. She was hit by Democrats all the time for that. But she started her career as a Green Party activist back 20 years ago, and so she's had quite the transformation.And so she left the Democratic Party in the last year or so. But you don't often see many Green Party to Wall Street type big business politicians out there. That's a kind of a rarity.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: It is. And that's Arizona for you.But, guys, thank you both very much here.LIPPMAN: Thank you.CAVUTO: Before we go to quick tease here, I do want to draw your attention to the corner of Wall and Broad, a big sell-off there, particularly in the Dow and in the Nasdaq.A lot of this has to do with stocks that have run up too far too fast, particularly technology stocks with Magnificent Seven and all of that, and then growing concern -- and this is why you saw a lot of people buying bonds today, that some of the latest data seemed to confirm we are indeed slowing down a little bit.And that's good news for those worried about inflation. But you know how this goes in the topsy-turvy Wall Street. Any news like that might bring down interest rates raises questions again about whether that's going to bring down the economy and a preview of coming attractions. Remember, these are market rates having nothing to do with the Federal Reserve, even though they are influential in the thinking here.And the thinking today, things are slowing down, interest rates coming down, and stocks really coming down. But, again, we are up significantly on the air for all the major averages. Some of them have already hit multiple records just this year, eight for the S&P 500, three for the Nasdaq, so fear not for those trying to make money at the corner of Wall and Broad.In the meantime, taking a look at developments on Capitol Hill right now concerning the migrant surge, and particularly the crime associated with it. Republicans have an idea to address it right now.Chad Pergram on that -- Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS SENIOR CAPITOL HILL PRODUCER: Neil, good afternoon.The GOP shines a spotlight on border security ahead of the president's State of the Union speech. More on that story next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: I keep looking for that city with the 24 in the middle of it. I -- for the life of me, I can't find it.Anyway, we want to tell you're looking live out of Dallas, Texas, where Super Tuesday voting is under way, one of 15 states going through this, immigration a top issue for the 2024 presidential primary there, actually everywhere these days.It's a top issue on Capitol Hill today as well, House Rules Committee gearing up to crack down on migrant crime.Chad Pergram is following that.Hey, Chad.PERGRAM: Neil, good afternoon.The murder of Laken Riley sparked the House to act. Republicans are working on a bill to prevent illegal immigrants from committing other misdeeds. There's a plan to force the detention of illegal immigrants if they have brushes with the law.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE COLLINS (R-GA): If we put a national spotlight on this thing, we will do it however we need to. If we can just prevent one of these from happening again, we have done our job. If you don't have cooperation from the local authorities, there's not much you can do anyway.I think that's where the local residents need to step in.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: That's the problem in the Riley case.Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas says the feds need help from local police if they know someone who poses a threat. But DHS was unaware of issues with murder suspect Jose Ibarra. Police cited him for shoplifting and arrested Ibarra for endangering a child.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)BRANDON JUDD, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: It's one of the problems when we can't vet these people. When we're dealing with 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 apprehensions every single day, you're not going to be able to properly vet them before they are released into the United States. And that's why we're seeing a crime surge here.(END AUDIO CLIP)PERGRAM: Democrats are increasingly vocal about border security.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. AMI BERA (D-CA): We have got to deal with this.And how I'm thinking about it and how I think some of my colleagues are thinking about it is, separate legal immigration, as well as the immigration system, from what we're seeing at our borders, which does seem to be more of a national security issue.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: The House Rules Committee is now meeting about the Riley bill. The House will vote on the bill right before President Biden's State of the Union speech Thursday night.A guest of House Speaker Mike Johnson is the mother of a woman killed by MS-13. She also testified at impeachment hearings for Mayorkas.And, Neil, before we go here, we just have some news coming in here. Bob Menendez, the Democratic senator from New Jersey, he has been charged with obstruction in a superseding indictment -- back to you.CAVUTO: My friend, thank you very much.Chad Pergram on that.Well, the Biden administration acknowledges that inflation might still be a problem, but it's not taking the blame. And when I talked to a top economist of the White House, he certainly wasn't taking the blame. There's a lot of blame, though, for companies with shrink packaging and all the rest, that they are saying, no, no, no, no, no, no. This has nothing to do with us.Well, now that's raising some hackles -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, Greensboro, North Carolina, one of the 15 states today holding primary elections, where a lot of delegates, about 854 of them, are at stake.We're told, in some regions, voting is very busy. We will see how it sorts out.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: You know, now and then, I might have mentioned my weight on this show, and a lot of people think that there are outside forces that are making me gain five or seven pounds, where I appear slightly, slightly chunky.The fact of the matter is, that's my fault, my doing. I overeat. Now, let me go to the administration, because, when it comes to inflation, it has nothing, nothing to do with them, but they can blame a whole host of characters and a whole host of other players, just not themselves.I don't know if that's good, but it is food for thought.Peter Doocy, a very thin and fit Peter Doocy, at the White House with what's going on now.Hey, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Any weight gain is the fault of corporations. That's what they would say here...(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: That's right. That's right.DOOCY: ... in the Briefing Room, Neil.But President Biden's got this State of the Union address on Thursday and they got to figure out what they're going to talk to the American people about with this huge audience. So, today, he gathered some aides to test out some lines about so-called shrinkflation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I will tell you what -- I will tell who did notice. The Cookie Monster.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: He pointed out cookies are -- his cookies are getting smaller, paying the same price. I was stunned when I found out that's what actually happened.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: So efforts to cut costs are going to be a centerpiece of Thursday's State of the Union and of the reelection effort broadly.There was a mixed bag of news on that today. Michelle Obama's team is telling NBC she is not getting in. She endorses President Biden for reelection. That's Taylor Swift posted an Instagram endorsing nobody. It was a political post, but she was just urging followers to vote the people who -- quote -- "most represent you into power."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: President Biden said a possible endorsement by Taylor Swift is classified.(LAUGHTER)DOOCY: How disappointed to see that she's telling people to vote, but not for him?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Going to be very careful. We're talking about 2024. And so I can't comment on what Taylor Swift is saying or not saying.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: On the economy, though, they know that inflation and the cost of living are possibly going to be the number one issue between now and November while voters are making up their minds, and they don't want anybody blaming their policies. They want people blaming corporate structure and the way that corporations are trying to pass on higher costs for the more expensive everything -- Neil.CAVUTO: You never go wrong blaming companies. They are always evil and they are always easy targets.Thank you, Peter, for that.Peter Doocy at the White House.Gerry Baker with us right now, The Wall Street Journal editor at large.We're talking about this blame game and the Cookie Monster, I guess the president making reference to that, but that's not the way this cookie crumbles. That's on them. It's really on them.GERRY BAKER, HOST, "WALL STREET JOURNAL AT LARGE": Yes, I have a theory about politicians and governments.When they're in real trouble, they just have this tendency to do everything that makes things worse. And I think Biden, this ridiculous idea that cookies are getting smaller and this is all the fault of companies, I mean, what's actually happening, of course, is that there is some evidence of shrinkflation as they call it, but that's simply because that's a way of kind of -- it's not that companies are kind of cashing in on higher prices.It's that they're actually making -- they're trying to give people the -- the people who are facing significantly higher costs, they're helping them to find ways to afford to continue to buy the things that they want.This idea that companies are to blame for inflation has no basis whatsoever in economics. I mean, if it's the case, why did we have 20 years, Neil, of inflation at 2 percent or below? Have companies suddenly become evil and profiteering in the last few years? There's no evidence obviously in terms of significant increases in profits beyond what you would expect with the economy happening.So it's just another desperate attempt really by Joe Biden, facing these really bad poll numbers, facing a real crisis I think in his presidency with the State of the Union this week, we're just eight months away from the election, trying to find someone to blame, trying to deflect the blame that voters generally assign to him.CAVUTO: Yes.Yes, I guess -- and you're right. You have followed numerous administrations, Gerry. It's easier to blame someone else for your travails than yourself, but I did have a chance to catch up with Jared Bernstein, who's the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers at the White House, but he is sort of saying the same thing his boss is, that this is not on us, that what's happening right now is on all of these other factors.I want you to respond to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: When I hear the administration crowing about more spending that got inflation under control, it's the mirror opposite of what happened. Rising interest rates got it under control or more control than it was. It's like you guys are taking a bow for something the Fed did.JARED BERNSTEIN, CHAIR, WHITE HOUSE COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS: The Fed has absolutely contributed to these outcomes. We're not going to get into monetary policy, because we very much respect...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Well, they eased that demand. No, no, but they eased that demand by raising the rates, not enough to kill it off, but enough to adjust it to the point where the trend is more the friend right now.BERNSTEIN: Raising...CAVUTO: But that's their doing.BERNSTEIN: I don't think it's particularly contentious at all to say that much of the disinflation we have seen has come from improvements on the supply side and that, yes, our administration's fingerprints are on that.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, he's obfuscating there. And I respect the heck out of him, but the fact is, that's just not the way it works. Economics 101, it does not work that way.BAKER: Yes.CAVUTO: What we were seeing on inflation, that their spending did produce -- that we were also coming out of COVID, I get that, and we were going to see an uptick in prices regardless.BAKER: Yes.CAVUTO: Having said that though, Gerry, you might as well own up to it and then own up to the fact, well now it's improving and you want to take a bow for that, even though it's not on them, it's really the Federal Reserve raising rates, fine.BAKER: Yes.CAVUTO: But you can't have your cake and eat it too, a dumb line, I might add, because if the cake's there, you might as well eat it too, but I digress. What do you make of this?(LAUGHTER)BAKER: And it's got to be a smaller cake than it would have been otherwise.CAVUTO: Indeed. Indeed.BAKER: ... so that people are able to afford it.Yes, of course, what you said to Bernstein is exactly right, Neil. Of course, the -- look, this is like the arsonist who sets fire to the house and then takes credit for calling the fire -- calling out the fire trucks.It's -- they were -- that initial stimulus that they did, they were warned about back in 2021 by people who were friendly to the administration like Larry Summers, who you know very well, Jason Furman, other Democratic economists who served in the Biden -- in the Obama administration, said to them, this is a dangerous thing you're doing, handing out this massive stimulus to people at a time when the economy is supply-constrained.It's going to be inflationary. Guess what? It was enormously inflationary. Inflation was -- we know, went up to 9 percent. Now, of course, yes, Neil, as you say, some of that inflation, a large part of that inflation was global. It was coming from the supply side, from the supply chain constraints that we saw after COVID.CAVUTO: Right.BAKER: But they added fuel to that fire at an absolutely critical time. We saw that. They increased demand, demand in a way that couldn't be met by the supplier that was out there, and what you get when that happens is an increase in inflation.And now that -- so -- and now -- so, the Federal Reserve belatedly had to raise interest rates to deal with all of that. So, now, I mean, having -- again, having really contributed to this firestorm of inflation in the first place, they're now claiming that the credit for having put it out, when, in fact, they did create that most of the firestorm.And they -- and it's the Federal Reserve that's put it out. And, again, the key thing here, Neil, from the political point of view is, nobody buys this. Nobody buys the idea that the Biden administration is not responsible for inflation. Nobody buys the idea that they have been incredibly successful in putting it out. Nobody buys this silly idea about shrinkflation and Cookie Monsters.CAVUTO: Right.BAKER: And it's just an indication, again, of how desperate I think this administration is.CAVUTO: Yes. And you think of shrinkflation, the whole impetus and the rationale for it was so that Americans wouldn't feel the pinch of the higher food cost. So we will give you kind of what you were getting, just fewer pieces or fewer parts of that.But, again, it was born of this environment where prices were out of control, so companies were dancing that line. But it is what it is, Gerry. It is what it is. Thank you, my friend. Great seeing you again.BAKER: Thank you.CAVUTO: All right, Gerry Baker on all of that.In the meantime, following on Donald Trump as he campaigns on what could be a huge night for him.Alicia Acuna has the latest -- Alicia.ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Neil.Yes, more than 800,000 people had already turned in their ballots before polls even opened here in Colorado. And for those Trump supporters, he is on the ballot and those votes will be counted. We're going to talk more about that when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, a lot of fascinating states in the mix of those having primaries and/or caucuses today.To Colorado, where the Supreme Court just put Donald Trump back on the ballot. Now voters are heading to the ballot box.Alicia Acuna in Denver with more.Hey, Alicia.ACUNA: Hi, Neil.Yes, polls here in Colorado are going to be open for about another four- and-a-half-hours. And, as you mentioned, former President Trump is on the ballot thanks to his Supreme Court win yesterday. Colorado's secretary of state, Jena Griswold, has expressed deep disappointment in the justices' decision, but assured in a statement that votes for Trump will be counted.And here's what some Denver area voters had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRAEDEN MAYER, BIDEN VOTER: I think giving states the power to be able to remove presidential candidates from either party from the ballot is a really, really slippery slope.STEVEN REESE, NIKKI HALEY VOTER: That sets a weird precedent that one state could decide for the rest of the country who can and cannot be president, which I think could hurt anybody from any political persuasion down the road.(END VIDEO CLIP)ACUNA: And then there's Cindy Sheehan. She's a voter here in Denver. She's a Democrat who says she appreciates what President Biden has done for the country, but she's not supporting him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CINDY SHEEHAN, VOTER: Uncommitted, noncommitted. I think that we need somebody a little stronger right now. And I'm disappointed that Trump's even on the ballot.(END VIDEO CLIP)ACUNA: One of the biggest issues for Coloradans, the border crisis, with migrants being bused here from Texas.Nikki Haley was here last week campaigning and talked immigration. Trump has not visited this state lately. Biden was here in late November. Now, every voter received a ballot by mail. Registered Democrats and Republicans each receive one, but unaffiliated get two, a Democrat one and a Republican.Of course, they can only send back one, but if someone sends back both, neither gets counted. Unaffiliated voters make up 48 percent, nearly half of the registered electorate here, Democrats at 26.5 percent, Republicans close to 23.6.Neil, that's a really big change from 10 years ago, when that breakdown was a third, a third, and a third. Things are changing -- Neil.CAVUTO: That didn't take long. Thank you, Alicia.Alicia Acuna in Colorado with all of that.Now, in the meantime here, a lot of people tell you that if Nikki Haley doesn't win at least one or two contests tonight -- and she's polling in all of these states pretty poorly -- then it's over. But she does have options, we think.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: I'm still looking for that city with this 24 in the middle of it. I will find it, America. Welcome back.We are talking about the big 15, 16 states, isn't it?, the U.S. territory, if you include that, having primaries and/or caucuses today, 854 delegates at stake. And to hear a lot of people tell it, Nikki Haley has to pick up a win too, maybe three or four, where she's at least polling closer to Donald Trump than in other states.Those that look good for her could be Massachusetts, Minnesota, Virginia, Vermont. But it's an uphill battle. So a lot of people think, if she doesn't do it tonight, it's over for her maybe in the Republican Party for the nomination.But there are options potentially for her.On that, Pat McCrory, the No Labels national co-chair, former North Carolina governor, joins us now.Governor, Chairman, very good to have you.FMR. GOV. PAT MCCRORY (R-NC): Thank you.CAVUTO: Nikki Haley is saying she is not interested in anything else but being a Republican, running for the Republican nomination. She couches it a bit, but if she has a bad night tonight, as some suspect she will, what do you do? Do you call her up? What do you do?MCCRORY: Well, first of all, I voted for about two hours ago here in Charlotte, since North Carolina is in play on Super Tuesday.CAVUTO: OK.MCCRORY: And I'm going to respect her right and her public comments to participate in the Republican primary.And up until she decides not to any longer, we're not going to be in touch with Nikki. But I do respect her. I respect all the other 14 candidates that ran in the Republican primary.My biggest concern is, according to the polls, we will find out tonight confirmation that I think the Republican Democratic Party are failing American people. They have failed us on immigration. They have failed us on the economy. They have failed us with controlling the debt. They have failed us with Russia and China.And here we are. We're about to reelect in the primaries the two people that were given a chance to fix these issues and they didn't do it. And 65 to 70 percent of the American people said we do not want to rematch. But the parties in their kind of arrogance are saying, well, this is what you got to choose from.And now we as No Labels have got to make a decision. In fact, this Friday, former Mayor Rawlings from Dallas is going to lead 800 delegates as we promise to make a decision as to whether No Labels will now get into a race and have a third-party slate as No Labels.And after Super Tuesday, if anyone's interested in maybe being considered on that slate, we will welcome them, whether they were in the Republican primary or other people from the military or business community or currently or past politicians, whether they're governor or senators.CAVUTO: So, you're still looking. You're still looking around. You're still looking, bottom line.MCCRORY: Yes. We will...CAVUTO: But you don't have any interested takers, it seems. What's happening there?MCCRORY: Well, right now, what we will do is, we have to decide whether or not we will do it or not.We will have over 800 delegates make that decision. And we made this promise over a year ago that, if the two candidates end up being Trump and Biden or rematch of 2020, we will then ask our delegates whether or not, OK, should America deserve another choice? Can America do better?And I personally think right now it's a sad commentary that so many Americans are, frankly, having to hold their nose and go, which is the worst of the two? I think America is better than that.CAVUTO: All right.MCCRORY: So if the delegates OF No Labels decide on Friday to have No Labels participate, then we will announce a process on how we will seek out a potential slate.And if we then continue to think we get good candidates, then we will continue to move forward. No Labels is a problem solvers organization, and that started the Problem Solvers Caucus, and now, more than ever, this country needs problem solvers.CAVUTO: Well, now your problem seems to be finding some.I want to ask you about Senator Kyrsten Sinema, who is announcing her retirement after one term, Democrat-turned-independent, and she left. I guess she's kind of like a free agent. What do you think of her?MCCRORY: I have nothing but positive words to say to her. She was a Democrat, had the courage to work across party boundaries.And, sadly, this is where the two parties have failed us. If a Republican works across the line to try to pass a bill, like on immigration, or like on the deficit, or like on the Middle East or Russia or Ukraine, they get punished by their own parties.CAVUTO: Yes.MCCRORY: And this is part of the duopoly that is failing America.And I think we're going to lose a valuable voice, a problem solver in the center deciding not to run for reelection. She was kind of purged from her own party.CAVUTO: Real quickly, real quickly, though, are you going to be -- or is there a good shot you have to be on all 50 state ballots? That looks highly, highly unlikely?MCCRORY: Right.CAVUTO: Maybe that chases off potential candidates. What can you tell us?MCCRORY: Well, I disagree with that comment.CAVUTO: OK.MCCRORY: I think there's a very good chance we will get on all 50 ballots, if we continue to proceed based upon our 800 delegates this week.So we're way ahead of where Ross Perot was at the time he was getting on ballots. And I feel very confident that the American people want an alternative. We're having no problems getting the signatures. The problem we're getting are operatives from both parties trying to stop voter access and voter choice.CAVUTO: Right.MCCRORY: And it's just amazing the people who talk about voter choice are the ones trying to stop it.I'm a Republican who believes in competition, not just in the private sector, but also in government and elections. And that's what America is all about.CAVUTO: Got it.Governor Pat McCrory, the No Labels national co-chair, a lot of options there. We will see how that all goes. Very good seeing you again.MCCRORY: Thank you very much, Neil.CAVUTO: In the meantime, he served as his health and human services secretary.There's a possibility one Ben Carson, an early, very early backer, of one Donald Trump, could be serving in a very different capacity -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, I want to go to Ben Carson, the 2016 presidential candidate.And I misspoke before. And I apologize to you, Ben. You're the former housing and urban development secretary. You know, Ben, I'm just getting old. So that is on me and I apologize for that.Your name is coming up for something a little higher, as maybe vice president. Donald Trump likes you a great deal. You were an early supporter of his. You backed him through a lot of controversies. You're obviously smart as a whip and one of the nation's top neurosurgeons. You have the qualifications.Are you interested in that job?DR. BEN CARSON, FORMER U.S. HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT SECRETARY: Well, interestingly, Neil, in a week or so, we will probably have the primary candidate.And at that time, it becomes very incumbent to start talking about who the vice presidential candidate should be. But I think it's very important that it be somebody who aligns very well with Donald Trump and someone who isn't necessarily running for office themselves and just setting themselves up.Our nation is in a very precarious situation right now. Benjamin Franklin said, when he came out of the conference in 1787 and was asked what do we have here, a monarchy or republic, he said a republic if you can keep it.Neil, we're as close to losing that republic right now as we have ever been. And we have people who want to fundamentally change this nation to something else. This is not about Democrats or Republicans. This is about those who believe in a nation that is of, by and for the people and people who believe it should be of, by and for the government, who want to rule and mandate what we should be doing.And Donald Trump will have to choose someone who believes those things. He believes those things. But it's so vitally important to have a team around him. And I think he's learned a lot from the first time he was in office in terms of the right kinds of people to put in place.I am extremely interested in making sure that our country succeeds in whatever capacity that seems to be..CAVUTO: So, you have been a big supporter. You fit a lot of those descriptions. But, of course, he felt that way about Mike Pence before he didn't. And, of course, Mike Pence's biggest sin was to disrupt the -- not disrupt the January 6 electors and the formal naming of them on that day. We all know what happened that day.It might be a moot point now, Secretary, but would you have done what Mike Pence did?CARSON: Well, first of all, people should know that Mike Pence spent a lot of time laboring over that.I talked to him the night before. And he was really torn in terms of what was the appropriate thing to do. And he prayed. And he did everything possible. Mike Pence is not a bad person.I think it would have been appropriate, perhaps, to look at all of the alternatives very seriously, because there was significant controversy about what had happened in the election. We want to have an election process that all the people believe in. That is absolutely critical.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: So you believe -- just to understand, sir, that you believe what Mike Pence did, ultimately, the decision he made ultimately was right or not?CARSON: Well, I believe he tried to do what was right. He tried to do what he felt was the right thing to do.I don't think he allowed any kind of political philosophy to rule what he was doing. Did it turn out to be the right thing? I think the right thing would have been to try to focus us on having a process that is legitimate.It's what we need to be worried about right now. We can't have a situation again where people say, you can monitor what's going on, but you have to do it from way over there, where you can't see what's going on.You couldn't have a situation where...CAVUTO: So you want to make sure it's -- the process is legitimate. I understand that.Are you saying then that what happened in the last election was not legitimate, that Donald Trump was illegitimately robbed of reelection as president of the United States?CARSON: I think what happened in the last election was worthy of investigation, shine the light on what's going on, so that this was not something that...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: And we didn't have enough investigations? We didn't have enough of those court cases and everything looked at and examined and the voting and the revoting and all that?CARSON: Not open.CAVUTO: OK.CARSON: And people would always say, yes, these things happened, but it wasn't enough to affect everything. But if you add all those things up together, maybe it was enough to affect it.But, regardless of that, we don't want to go back and relive that. What we want to do is learn from that and make sure that we, going forward, put together a process that is very transparent and open and that everybody can have confidence in.CAVUTO: Real quickly, Ben, do you think Nikki Haley, if she doesn't do well tonight, she should quit, she should bow out?CARSON: I'm not sure that she fully recognizes what is happening with her candidacy...CAVUTO: OK.CARSON: ... and how it's causing division at a time when people really need to unite behind a candidate, because we're talking about whether this country moves in one direction or another. And it may not be possible to reverse the direction.CAVUTO: But if you advised her yes or no, you would tell her to quit?CARSON: I would say, quit and get behind who is actually going to be the candidate.CAVUTO: OK.CARSON: We all need to combine our efforts, because the country is at stake.And I can't...CAVUTO: Got it.(CROSSTALK)CARSON: ... that strongly enough.CAVUTO: Got it. Ben Carson, thank you very much.That will do it here.