MARIA BARTIROMO; FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Good Sunday morning, everyone. Happy new year to all. Welcome to "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Maria Bartiromo.Today: the policy train marching straight into politics, as election year 2024 begins, and election interference appears from all sides. Congress is back this week facing critical deadlines, as the battles over border security and spending resume and an impeachment inquiry against President Biden remains.Coming up, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan on getting back to work amidst a new threat of a government shutdown in weeks.Then: interference in the upcoming presidential election, with Democrat states looking to ban Trump from the ballot, Biden's DOJ prosecutors looking to keep him off of the campaign trail and in court, and communist China working its own heavy hand of propaganda.Coming up, the CCP and Biden's operatives in election 2024 and Taiwan's election now one week away with former Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe on the many forces, domestic and foreign, trying to stop Trump from returning to the White House.Then: Trump is fighting back, appealing to the Supreme Court on his immunity, asking the courts to hold special counsel Jack Smith in contempt. The 45th president's lawyer Alina Habba makes his case.Then: shut down the border or shut down the government. The battle over spending impacts cities and citizens across the country. 2024 Arizona Senate candidate Kari Lake, with former White House senior adviser and president of America First Legal Stephen Miller, on Biden's dangerous open border.Plus it is on, 303 days until Election Day in America, the Iowa caucuses now in a week, followed by New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina, and the list goes on. Will Biden and Trump lock up their party's nomination by the middle of March? Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich tracks the road ahead.That's all right here, right now on "Sunday Morning Futures."At a very warm, happy new year to all.We begin this first Sunday morning of the new year kicking off a critical month of January in Washington and the start of primary season in this election year. Congress returns to work tomorrow morning facing two government funding deadlines to pass a budget for the fiscal year, or face a government shutdown within two weeks' time.Republicans are pushing for a stand-alone bill to secure the Southern border, while Democrats want to attach aid to Ukraine as one of the conditions for any new border legislation, as the U.S. national debt surpasses $34 trillion, with interest on that debt alone at nearly three- quarters-of-a-trillion dollars.Meanwhile, a world away, Taiwan will hold its presidential election next weekend on January 13, amidst the start of the U.S.' election season as well, now eight days away from the Iowa caucuses happening on January 15. Will the Chinese Communist Party interfere in these elections?Former President Trump is on the campaign trail in the Midwest this weekend looking to secure his third Republican presidential nomination, as the 45th president continues to hold a commanding lead over the GOP field in primary polls.The House will also resume an impeachment inquiry against President Biden in the coming weeks over allegations of influence peddling and bribery, as the House Judiciary Committee begins the process of holding his son Hunter Biden in contempt of Congress this upcoming Wednesday for failing to appear for a closed-door deposition last month. Hunter Biden is also set to make his first court appearance this Thursday in Los Angeles on federal tax charges.A busy week and a busy month.Joining me right now with all of that at stake for the nation this month and this year is House Judiciary Committee Chairman Congressman Jim Jordan.Mr. Chairman, good to see you this morning. Happy new year and thank you for being here.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): You bet. Good to be with you. Happy new year to you as well.BARTIROMO: So you're back at it, and you have got a busy session here.JORDAN: Yes.BARTIROMO: Talk to us about the priorities.And let's first get into the budget issues, where we could see a government shutdown within two weeks.JORDAN: Yes.BARTIROMO: Are you prepared for that?JORDAN: Well, I think the number one priority is the border. I mean, we're on pace to get to 12 million illegal migrants coming into the country and the Biden presidency. I mean, that's equivalent to the entire population of the state of Ohio.And we're not a small state. We're the seventh largest state. So that's the magnitude of this problem. So I think that's priority number one. We have got two funding bills you indicated, January 19, February 2, when government funding, those are due.And then, of course, we have got the impeachment of Secretary Mayorkas and the impeachment inquiry into President Trump, so -- or -- excuse me -- President Biden. So we have got a busy, busy month coming up and we're going to tackle all those.But I do think the border situation, it's why we were down there this past week with over 60 members there this week. I do think that's priority number one. When you have something of this size, this magnitude, and it's been done intentionally -- I always say this is willful, this is deliberate, this is intentionally done with the policy changes the Biden administration put in.So we're focused as Republicans on getting that fixed. And if Democrats think it's more important to have an open border than to fund the government, that's their problem.BARTIROMO: So you're willing to take this to the mat and allow the government to shut down unless he has some new border legislation then?JORDAN: I think we have to, because I think that's what the American people demand.I mean, right now polling shows eight out of 10 Americans know that this is a crisis on our Southern border. So we have got to deal with that. And that's, again, why Speaker Johnson took the largest delegation ever to the border this past week. We saw firsthand how serious it was.And we heard from everyone, sheriffs. We heard from Border Patrol agents about how bad this problem is. And they want us to go to the mat to solve this now, instead of continuing on this pace that will get us to, as I said, 12 million illegal migrants coming into the country, being released into the country under the Biden presidency.BARTIROMO: Yes, it's pretty extraordinary. And we will talk with Kari Lake and Stephen Miller coming up about this.But let me get your take on where you are on all of the other business at hand. Congressman, you're only at a two-seat majority right now. Your majority is dwindling.JORDAN: Yes.BARTIROMO: And it is dwindling fast. Do you feel you have the votes for an impeachment of Mayorkas and an impeachment inquiry of Biden?JORDAN: I do.I mean, we will see. Again, it's all driven by the facts and the evidence. That's how we have played this, much different than what the Democrats did when they impeached President Trump. They just -- they just -- they decided on that before they even examined any evidence. And, of course, there was no evidence there.But we're going to look at the facts. We're going to look at the evidence. We do think, on the impeachment inquiry into President Biden, we do think the key witnesses are going to come in this month. We think we're going to have all this, Rob Walker, Eric Schwerin, Jim Biden, Kevin Morris. We're going to -- we think we're going to talk to all those individuals this month.And then we will make a decision. And then, when it comes to Secretary Mayorkas, again, multiple times he has misled the Congress. We know how bad the situation is. Chairman Green and the Homeland Security Committee is committed to moving forward with that. I think they start hearings on Wednesday.And, of course, on Wednesday, both in the Oversight Committee and in the Judiciary Committee, we will mark up the report on contempt for Hunter Biden's failure to appear for a deposition last month.BARTIROMO: Yes. And that is a lot that you're dealing with.I guess the question becomes, what does contempt of charges -- contempt of Congress charges mean for Hunter Biden?JORDAN: Well, if we pass it out of the committee, then pass it through the full House, which I think we can do, then it goes to the Justice Department. That will be the attorney general's decision whether he's going to press charges.But if he does, I mean, it could be up to a year of jail time for failing to come and comply with a deposition for subpoena, a subpoenaed deposition to be interviewed by Congress. So this is serious stuff.And, again, remember, Merrick Garland has prosecuted Steve Bannon, Peter Navarro for failure to show up in front of Congress when they were requested for, subpoenaed for a deposition. So, we will see what happens if -- when that goes to the attorney general. But that will be his call.But I do think there was support in the House, certainly in the House Judiciary Committee and the House Oversight Committee, to pass that contempt resolution. And then it'll go to the House floor, I think, quickly thereafter.BARTIROMO: So you believe you will get all of these depositions done by the end of January, some of the people you just mentioned?Give us your sense of what the most damning evidence is that you have so far on Joe Biden regarding bribery potential, money laundering. These are the terms that you and your colleagues have been using. Where's the evidence? And do you believe you're going to find more from these depositions by the end of January?JORDAN: I do.To the last question, the most, I think, damning evidence thus far is what we got from Devon Archer, when we -- Hunter Biden's business partner, because he says what they were selling was the brand. Remember, there was never -- there's no business here. They're selling access to the brand. The brand is the Big Guy. The brand is Joe Biden. Devon Archer said that.The best way to tell this story is through Hunter Biden's interaction and Joe Biden's interaction when Hunter Biden was on the board of this Ukrainian energy company, Burisma. I always say there are four fundamental facts.Fact number one, Hunter Biden gets put on the board of this company. Fact number two, he's not qualified. He said so himself. Fact number three is that he's asked by the leaders of this company to weigh in with D.C. and his father to help them deal with the pressure they're under. Fact number four, Joe Biden goes to Ukraine and conditions the release of American tax dollars to Ukraine on the firing of the prosecutor who was applying the very pressure to this company, Burisma, that Hunter Biden set on the board of.Those are the facts. And then you have -- then you have the -- probably the biggest concern is the cover-up, I think, that took place at the Justice Department and that we, frankly, wouldn't have known about but for two whistle-blowers coming forward and telling us what was going on.So this is really an old story, Maria. It's a politician does certain things that benefit his family financially, and then there's an attempt to sweep it under the rug and hide it. And that's what we have here.BARTIROMO: Yes.JORDAN: And we continue to gather evidence. I think we're going to get more as we talk to these key guys, these key individuals this month.BARTIROMO: All right, we will be watching all of that, a key month, for sure.Mr. Chairman, thank you. We appreciate your time.JORDAN: You bet. Thank you, Maria.BARTIROMO: House Judiciary Committee Chairman Congressman Jim Jordan, thank you.And now this:(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: And our country's dying, and there's no time to waste.You vote. You have to get these establishment politicians out of there, because they're bad, whether it's Democrat or Republican.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Unlike every other candidate in this race, with me, you know in your heart that I will always put America first, which I will. I think I have proven that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that's former President Trump in Iowa yesterday just eight days before the Iowa Republican caucuses take place.In a new poll for Morning Consult, President Trump holds a commanding lead over the field with a 55-point advantage over both Ron DeSantis and Nikki Haley right now.Joining me with analysis is the former Speaker of the House and FOX contributor Newt Gingrich.Mr. Speaker, always a pleasure. Thanks very much for being here.NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, listen, happy new year.And you look at those numbers, it's really hard to imagine in the next week how Trump is going to do anything except sweep Iowa. He's built his lead. He's actually worked the state. Ron DeSantis gets 200 people. Trump gets 7,000. That sort of tells you something.And Iowa is a caucus state where people have to care enough to turn out. And I have no doubt that the Trump system has identified over 100,000 people who have committed to turning out for the president. So you have to assume -- and we will be talking -- I'm sure you and I will talk about it after it happens, but I think we have to assume that next week is going to be a huge victory for Donald Trump and a big step towards the nomination.A week later is probably the most dangerous state in the country for him, because independents can vote there. The Republican governor is opposed to him. And he may only carry -- but my prediction is, he will probably carry New Hampshire by a significant margin.When you add that in, that means, for all practical purposes, the Republican nomination race will be over sometime in January or February, and he will be the nominee, for all practical purposes, and will be in a general election choice between a failing, amazingly destructive incumbent who every single month gets weaker and a president who reminds us that we had better gas prices, better inflation, better employment, better international relations when he was president.BARTIROMO: Yes.And when you look at the politics calendar, the way the primaries are set up, I'm wondering if, in fact, Trump locks up the nomination and Biden locks up his nomination the Democrat side by the middle of March.GINGRICH: I think that's very likely true.I know there are a lot of Democrats who would like to get rid of Biden, but they can't figure out a way to do it and I don't think they will. So I think the fact is, our primary choices this year are going to be between former President Trump and the current president.And given the economy, given the 12 million -- I mean, think about what Jim Jordan said, 12 million illegal immigrants. Those are Biden's illegal immigrants because it's Biden's illegal immigration policy. It's deliberate. That's going to be a big issue. Crime is going to be a big issue. The economy is going to be a big issue.On every one of those issues, Joe Biden is going to lose.BARTIROMO: Well, what about all of these challenges, Newt? I mean, you have got the spending deadlines, January 19 and February 2. We could see a government shutdown.And then, of course, you have got all of these legal attacks against President Trump. Do you think that any of this has -- will matter.GINGRICH: Well, let's divide the two.Government shutdowns is Joe Biden's problem. He's the president. It's his job to figure out how to keep it open. If it doesn't stay open, it's Joe Biden's failure. He won't negotiate. He won't talk. He won't confront the border. He won't do the obvious, easy things. So, in the end, the country is going to say the Biden administration failed once again, because the House Republicans will have a proposal.They will get it through. I think that the speaker, Mike Johnson, is doing a pretty darn good job of unifying his conference. As you pointed out to Jim Jordan, I mean, with a two-vote margin, I can't imagine, as a former speaker...BARTIROMO: Right.GINGRICH: ... trying to get as much done as they're going to get done.So, first of all, any failure will be Joe Biden.BARTIROMO: Well...GINGRICH: Second, I think, when you get to these court challenges, they are a perfect example of Venezuela or Russia or any other place that has totally phony systems, when you look at the attorney general of New York asking for $375 million in a fraud case in which there are zero people claiming fraud.BARTIROMO: Yes.GINGRICH: Not a single person came in and said that Donald Trump defrauded them.But the politicians of New York want to destroy him.BARTIROMO: Yes.GINGRICH: When you look at the case in D.C., you have a radical left-wing judge who is openly contemptuous of the president.You have, I think, a totally out-of-control prosecutor, and you have a district area where the voters were 19-1 against Trump.BARTIROMO: Yes.GINGRICH: You're not going to get an honest jury.BARTIROMO: Well, it's...GINGRICH: You're not going to have a chance to have a jury of your peers.BARTIROMO: Yes.GINGRICH: And the American people know that.BARTIROMO: All very...(CROSSTALK)GINGRICH: So I think, every time the Democrats use the law to try to destroy their opponents...BARTIROMO: Yes.GINGRICH: ... they actually increase the strength of Donald Trump.BARTIROMO: I think the Democrats have figured this out at this point, and they are looking for their next move.What about this rumor that has been floating around that the Democrats are going to kick out Joe Biden for Michelle Obama at the convention? Do you see that happening?GINGRICH: How do you do that? I mean, you have a president in the United States who's spending trillions of dollars paying off all of his friends. It's the most corrupt administration in history.He's going to have all the delegates. They will have voted for him. He's gone through the primaries, gone through the conventions. How do you -- how do you show up suddenly and say, gee, why don't we dump the guy that every single one of us is committed to?And, furthermore, how do you do that and jump past Kamala Harris for somebody else? I think that the part of the black community that's deeply Democratic would explode if they saw Kamala Harris being dumped for somebody else.BARTIROMO: OK.GINGRICH: And so I just don't see how they do it.BARTIROMO: All right, we will see.Newt, great to see you. Thank you so much, Mr. Speaker.GINGRICH: Good to see you. Great. Thank you.BARTIROMO: All right, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.Quick break, and then: President Trump fighting back, asking the courts to hold special counsel Jack Smith in contempt, while battling New York Attorney General Letitia James and her plans to end Trump's real estate empire in the Empire State.Alina Habba, attorney for former President Trump, is here with his response.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Well, welcome back.President Trump is fighting back. The Supreme Court will now weigh in on Trump's eligibility to run for president. The court agreed to take up Trump's appeal to the Colorado Supreme Court in an expedited track. Oral arguments are expected by February 8 and then a ruling soon after, as Democrats in Colorado and Maine are seeking to keep former President Trump off of the election ballot, as New York Attorney General Letitia James is stepping up her pressure in Trump's civil fraud case.In a filing on Friday, James is demanding that Trump be banned for life from the state's real estate industry, as well as he and his business associates be fined $370 million. That is, of course, an increase from the $250 million that she was originally seeking.Joining me right now with the reaction and response to all of this is Alina Habba, attorney for former President Trump.Alina, thanks very much for being here. A lot to handle here.First, I want to ask you about the special counsel, Jack Smith. What is President Trump's reasoning for wanting him to be held in contempt?ALINA HABBA, ATTORNEY FOR FORMER PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Because he is in contempt.He has clearly ignored the court's stay of that decision. The decision is completely disregarded. Just like anything, these radical lefts are really pushing their own agenda. What happened was, there was a stay in the proceeding. That means that all actions, all activities on that case must stop until the issue of presidential immunity is addressed.That means that the president would have immunity during the time as he was sitting president, the same immunity Biden and Obama and everybody else gets. He should be afforded that immunity. That decision needs to be made before there can be any activity on this case.Jack Smith has completely disregarded the Washington court's decision to stay pending the immunity decision and has continuously filed motions to inundate our team and disregard the law. It is a clear contempt case. I know that, if I was sitting as the counsel doing that and filing motions, I would be in contempt very quickly. I would be sanctioned.So let's see how they hold the cards on this one. But, to me, it's a clear -- clear-cut contempt motion.BARTIROMO: And, of course, Jack Smith is responding to this, saying that they did not violate a court order by providing discovery ahead of deadlines and that Trump's -- quote, unquote -- "recycled allegations of partisanship and prosecutorial misconduct remain baseless."Where is this going? These issues are headed right into politics, as we are now just eight days away from the Iowa caucuses.HABBA: Yes.And they're not heading into politics. They started with politics, Maria. This is all rooted in politics, the fact that you look at the lawfare that we're going through and if you look at the timeline of these cases. These activities happened while he was sitting in president -- as president, most of them.So they waited, investigated for years and years and years. And then they say we are in a rush to get to trial. Why are we in a rush to get to trial, Jack Smith? Because you can't win the election. So this is how they have to do it. It's called election interference. It's political lawfare. It is 100 percent political.And what they're doing is doing it at critical times. I have a trial coming up. I have closing arguments this week, all while Iowa is going on, so that the president is taken off the campaign trail and into the courtroom. It's so obvious and pathetic.BARTIROMO: Well, let's -- yes, I mean, right. When you're in a trial, you have got to be there. So he can't be on the campaign trail.HABBA: That's right.BARTIROMO: It's a very important point that you make.What about Letitia James and her stepped-up activity? How are you handling that?HABBA: So, Ms. James has, in my mind, always been a bit of a fame-hungry human being that has put her politics, again, in front of the interests of the New York state like she should be.She decided, after a trial where we had experts say that statements were undervalued, where we had experts who were on the Nobel executive committee reference team tell the judge that he did nothing wrong, that his statements actually gave too much information, and there were no victims, and Deutsche Bank said, hey, we loved working with Trump, he actually paid his loans off early in many instances, if not on time, we all made money and he overinvested in the properties, the assets related to the mortgages, and he was a great client.After that, she thinks it's time to up the ante on how much he should pay. She wants to completely wipe clean the bank account of the Trump Organization. She wants to hurt individuals who have done nothing wrong. She wants to disgorge them of their severance pay.Imagine, imagine the length she is going to, to personally hurt Trump because she ran a campaign on going after Trump and she has to keep her political promise. It is so, so sick and sad, honestly, for New York. I love the state of New York. I should say I loved the state of New York, but I have real concerns for any business that is doing business right now in the state of New York under Letitia James.BARTIROMO: Well, it's pretty incredible that Trump built his empire in New York, and now she wants him banned from the real estate industry in New York. It's pretty extraordinary.HABBA: That's right.BARTIROMO: What is the president expecting, President Trump, from all of this?I mean, he's still campaigning. He was obviously campaigning in Iowa just over the weekend. What is he expecting in terms of all of these legal issues and how he's going to make it to the finish line in November?HABBA: He's remained positive, sometimes more positive than I am.I think that he would like to think that judges still have the ability to take politics out of their state of mind when making decisions on these cases. Ms. James, for instance, on Thursday will be closing and giving summations. The judge there, we have seen put a gag order on me, put a gag order on the president, all the lawyers.We hope that he will see through this. Sometimes, when they push so hard, they make it obvious that their agenda is really not about law and justice. It's about politics. And, hopefully, these judges, I really do hope these judges will see through that.In the meantime, he's going to continue campaigning, like he always does. The man really barely sleeps. He works so hard for the country. He now, more than ever, with all of this has seen how important it is for him to get back in 2024.BARTIROMO: All right, Alina, we will be watching all of it. Thanks very much for being here.HABBA: Thank you.BARTIROMO: All right, Alina Habba, attorney for President Trump, joining us this morning.Quick break and then: Shut down the border or shut down the government, the Republicans' call for national security, dangerous drug cartels running Americans open border, with no fear of the Biden administration, as the cartels carry out billion-dollar businesses of human smuggling and drug trafficking at the U.S. border.Arizona Senate candidate Kari Lake and former White House senior adviser Stephen Miller on the lasting impact Biden's border crisis has on America.That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, U.S. SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY: We have increase in authoritarian regimes. We have more extreme weather events that are driving people from their homes. We have poverty. And America is proving to be prosperous, with more than eight million jobs that need to be filled.REP. MARK GREEN (R-TN): We're going to have about three or four hearings in January and then we're going to mark up the impeachment articles that have been written.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Well, that was House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mark Green with me here last month promising to bring impeachment articles against Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, who then appeared on "Special Report," as you heard, with Bret Baier, attempting to explain away why millions of migrants from over 150 countries have been crossing the southern border illegally into America under Joe Biden.The -- there, he's partly blaming extreme weather events. That's what Mayorkas just said, yes. Customs and Border Protection sources telling FOX News, for the month of December, more than 300,000 migrants were encountered at the southern border, a new monthly record. And for the fiscal year, which began, by the way, just in October, nearly 800,000 migrants have been apprehended at the border.All in all, it's about eight million people, we're told, coming into America on Joe Biden's watch.Joining me right now in this "Sunday Morning Futures" exclusive is Arizona Senate candidate Kari Lake and former White House senior adviser Stephen Miller.Great to see you both. Thank you so much for being here.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Thank you.KARI LAKE (R), ARIZONA SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: Thanks for having us.BARTIROMO: Yes, I want to talk about the impact of this open border.But, Stephen, first, let's take on the calendar here, because, when Congress gets back to work, you have got two major deadlines. January 19 is a funding deadline, and then February 2, which you say is the more important one.Walk us through what's about to take place here.MILLER: House Republicans have only three weeks from the day they get back into session from the holiday break to put together and execute a plan to force Democrats to surrender on the open border.This will be, by any definition, the most difficult task House Republicans have had in modern history. They are now operating with a two-seat majority, soon to be a one-seat majority. So they have to break Democrats. They have to channel all of the frustration and rage and anger the American people feel over the border cataclysm.And they have to direct that against the opposition of congressional Democrats to any form of tangible security. Here, in my opinion, is how you do that. Every single day you come back in, you vote on a different element of border security, hour after hour, through the day, through the night, through the weekend.And you expose vote by vote by vote how extreme, how radical, how insane, how deluded and dangerous the Democrats have become in their open borders obsession. And then, by the time you reach and you have informed the whole country, you have laid bare just how out of control the Democrat Party has become, as you reach the beginning of February, then you push through the bill that shuts down the mass migration crisis.And then you draw that line and you hold that line, and whatever happens next happens next. But at least you will be remembered by history, by your children and their children as having stepped up and done what the republic needs of you in this hour of greatest need.BARTIROMO: And you don't think that the Republicans will be remembered for the party that shut down government?MILLER: They will be remembered, not just now, but they will be remembered for generations to come if they make this stand of having realized that Joe Biden's open border is the end of our republic.Our republic cannot survive with this pace and this scale and this speed of uncontained mass migration from all of planet Earth.BARTIROMO: Yes.MILLER: The very social fabric that stitches us together will be ripped apart and not repaired.BARTIROMO: Kari, you're feeling it firsthand in Arizona. Tell us what you're seeing.LAKE: Oh, it's -- I was just in the airport the other day, and it looks like a refugee encampment. I'm not kidding. There's that many people who are here illegally in the airports right now.They have got their Ziploc baggy full of papers, their brand-new phone, gift card with a little cash on it, and they're heading to a city near you. This is the largest human smuggling operation I think we have ever seen in history, and our U.S. government, our tax dollars are funding it.And we need to immediately -- I agree with Stephen. We need to get our Republicans together. And we can't lose a single vote. And we need to hold the Republican Caucus together and let these people know, send a loud-and- clear message that we're not going to take this invasion at our border any longer.The people are counting, they're counting on the House of Representatives to do the right thing. They're counting on Washington, D.C., the Republicans to do the right thing. I don't believe we can count on the Democrats to do the right thing. They're the ones who have facilitated this. They're the ones, like my opponent Ruben Gallego, who's voted numerous times against the wall.I mean, for goodness sakes, Joe Biden, we had $300 million of materials to build the wall, ready to go. It would have taken just a few weeks. And he stopped that whole process and basically gave that material away for pennies on the dollar.BARTIROMO: Right.LAKE: The American people are desperate for help.BARTIROMO: Do you think, Kari, this is resonating with people, though?There is a real opportunity for the Republicans to take the majority in the Senate. You are running for that seat in Arizona. Is this the issue that is going to turn that?LAKE: I think it is the issue. I think it's been the issue. I think the Republicans and a lot of the politicians are now just finally catching up.The American people have been watching this horrified seeing the video. Last week, we saw a bunch of politicians go down and take a look at the problem on the border, as if they haven't known how bad it is? Have they not been seeing the same videos we're seeing?Glad they did it, but I'd rather them back in D.C. getting to work, like Stephen said, immediately, working every single day, every single minute of the day to stop this invasion.BARTIROMO: You know...LAKE: It's taxing our hospitals. It's taxing our social services. Our schools are going to be busting at the seams. And it's going to be hurting our children trying to learn.The American people, the poor and middle-class American people, are the ones struggling the most with this.BARTIROMO: Yes.And, Stephen, President Trump came out with a whole list of items on his list of rigged and stolen election back on 20 -- for 2020. Very few people want to go back and investigate what 2020 looked like and what happened here.My question to you is, what are the Republicans doing now to ensure that the 2024 presidential election is fair and free?MILLER: Well, that is the most important question, isn't it?And all I can say to you on that is that I hope that every state Republican Party, every Republican official, all the way up from the very top down to the bottom of the party, is investing seriously in the legal resources that will be needed to file challenges in real time as any state in every state is manipulating, violating, breaking, bending, bruising, damaging, or simply ignoring election laws and rules.At the same time, it's essential that Republicans in states that have completely stacked courts, completely stacked legal systems -- the legislature and the governor's mansion are hopeless -- they also need to develop world class ballot harvesting operations, understanding, understanding that there is going to always be an enormous amount of cheating and fraud in a system where there's no I.D. checks, no citizenship verification, no domicility verification, no meaningful verification of any kind on anything.So you have to do both of those things. And I am confident that people realize now that, if they don't do those things, that you're going to continue to see the kinds of horror shows that we have seen with election manipulation in the past.BARTIROMO: Wow. Well, President Trump writes about mail-in ballots. He writes about Zuckerbucks swing states.Same question for you, Kari.LAKE: Well, I would caution that we start looking at the money we're pouring into these NGOs that are processing all of these people pouring across -- illegally across our border, because I noticed, when I saw some of the names of these NGOs, many of them were also the same NGOs that take part in that ballot harvesting.So how do we know the money is really going to process these people?, Frankly, the money should be going to building the wall and stopping people from coming over. But this is just an awful lot of money being poured in by Democrats to the NGOs and these organizations to process people coming across illegally.And we know that they're going to, in some states, get these people signed up to vote. That's illegal. It's going to happen. So we have a perfect storm kind of starting up right now. The Democrats realize they can't win with their dead-end, disastrous policies. The American people don't want it. They can't win. They can't beat President Trump, so they're trying to tie him up in court.They're up to the highest level of shenanigans I have ever seen as we go into this election.BARTIROMO: Well...LAKE: And the people have to start demanding more of their elected officials to do something about it.BARTIROMO: And, Stephen, the rumor is, is that the Democrats are going to pull Michelle Obama out of the hat during their Democrat Convention this summer.MILLER: Well, look, I have no idea what the Democrats are going to do when they are incapacitated by a frail, aging, severely cognitively eroded Joe Biden.But we do know is that we are witnessing election interference now in real time on two fronts.BARTIROMO: Right.MILLER: They are trying to imprison, bankrupt and destroy Donald Trump using the awesome power of the state, like something out of a failed Third World country.BARTIROMO: Wow.MILLER: And they are leaving our border wide open to import a new generation of voters that they believe will be more favorable to big government and top-down control.That's their plan.BARTIROMO: Yes.MILLER: And so I will tell you, what is happening on the border every single day is one of the greatest crimes in human history.And Joe Biden and the entire Biden administration are guilty of leading an insurrection the southern border against the laws, Constitution and sovereignty of the United States of America. And it's happening every day.BARTIROMO: All right, we are tracking it every day, and we will continue to do so.Thank you so much for being here both of you, Arizona Senate candidate Kari Lake and former White House senior adviser Steven Miller.MILLER: Thank you.BARTIROMO: Thank you so much.Quick break, and now it is in the hands of the Supreme Court, the High Court agreeing to hear former President Trump's appeal to Democrat-led Colorado banning the 45th President Trump the state's ballot, with oral arguments set to begin on February 8, as a former CIA analyst warns of potential election interference from the intelligence community this November.Former Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe, who has exposed both domestic and foreign election interference right here on this program, with analysis when we come back.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. JOHN GENTRY, FORMER CIA ANALYST: And my guess is that the proverbial deep state within the intelligence community will reemerge, because, presumably -- presumably, a Republican candidate will again be seen as a threat to the internal policies that many intelligence people like.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that is former CIA analyst John Gentry speaking with FOX News Digital on the potential for election interference this upcoming November, due to the now-politicized intelligence community.As former President Trump appeals rulings from Colorado and Maine to remove his name from those states' ballots, Georgetown's Law Professor and FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley sounds the alarm, writing in The New York Post: "It's not just Trump. Democrats are moving to bar Republicans from ballots nationwide."Joining me right now with more on all of this is the man who first warned of potential election interference this November on this program, former Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe.John, it's great to see you this morning. Thanks so much for being here.JOHN RATCLIFFE, FORMER U.S. DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE: You bet.BARTIROMO: I want to get your take on the intelligence community interfering in the election and these prosecutors. First off, take on Jack Smith.The last time we spoke about the special counsel, you said he had a Mueller moment.RATCLIFFE: I did.So, Maria, we expect foreign adversaries like China to interfere in our elections, but what we don't expect and what we should never tolerate is for our own government, for our own agencies and own entities within our republic to interfere in elections.And that's exactly what is happening on a number of fronts. You mentioned the intelligence community and that analyst. And we have talked about that a great deal, about how the politicization has come into play. But, here, leaning into 2024, there's a couple of things that are happening.One is an effort to keep Donald Trump off of the ballot. And you mentioned what's taking place in Colorado and Maine and blue states and officials there. But then there's also the effort to keep Donald Trump off the campaign trail. And that's what Jack Smith is doing in what I think is just a nakedly political and partisan prosecution.The Department of Justice expressly says that a prosecutor may never take actions, the timing of which would put a political candidate at an advantage or a disadvantage. That's election interference. And yet that's exactly what Jack Smith is doing.Maria, what people don't understand is that, as Jack Smith pushes for a trial date in Washington, D.C., in March, and then another one in Florida in May, is that a federal defendant must by law attend every day of his trial. So, essentially, even if Donald Trump is not kept off the ballot, he can be kept off the campaign trail for the entire summer by Joe Biden's Justice Department.And it just reeks of political partisanship, especially, Maria, when you consider the fact that the only reason to do this is relating to the election in November.BARTIROMO: Yes.RATCLIFFE: This is the same Justice Department -- this is the same Justice Department that said six years is plenty fast to bring charges against Hunter Biden.And another -- it's now been a year since the prosecutor investigating Joe Biden, and he's done absolutely nothing.BARTIROMO: Yes.RATCLIFFE: But yet Jack Smith says this has got to move forward now.BARTIROMO: It's a good point.And we put up the protection of government integrity from the Justice.gov Web site showing federal prosecutors and agents may never select the timing of any action, which it appears is what Jack Smith is doing.Stay right there, John.More with former DNI John Ratcliffe right after this.And join me this Tuesday on FOX Business, "Mornings With Maria," for my exclusive interview with the chairman and CEO of J.P. Morgan Chase. Jamie Dimon will be my special guest Tuesday on FOX Business. Join us on "Mornings With Maria."We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back.I'm back with the former Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe.And, John, you have talked a lot about election interference, both foreign, as well as domestic. We talked about Jack Smith.I want to get your take on how the Supreme Court is going to rule on this immunity case. But, also, there's China. China, you say, did meddle in the 2020 election and will do it in 2024.RATCLIFFE: Yes, they very clearly did.The intelligence community has assessed that and said that they will intensify. And one of the concerns that we have is, they will do the same things they did before. But, Maria, there's been a 1000 percent increase in the number of Chinese nationals coming across our border; 5,000 were caught just in the month of November; 85 percent of those are single men of military age.So, the real question there is, what percentage of those are here on PLA or PRC orders to intensify, as the I.C. says...BARTIROMO: That's right.RATCLIFFE: ... efforts to interfere in the election?BARTIROMO: Good point.RATCLIFFE: With respect to -- yes.With respect to what's happening with Colorado, look, Jack Smith, who's the most aggressive prosecutor, as I talked about, even he couldn't bring charges for insurrection against Donald Trump.So, when a federal grand jury passes on it, but the state of Colorado or Maine or anyone else says, we're going to come up with our own process, make our own determination, that's why the Supreme Court took this up and why the Supreme Court will strike it down.BARTIROMO: All right, we're going to be watching that. This is important.John, good to see you, John Ratcliffe joining us. Thank you so much.That will do it for us this "Sunday Morning Futures." I will see you tomorrow on FOX Business.Stay with us right here.