NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The interest rates are coming, they just won't be immediate, so everyone take a chill pill today, they did. They were buying again. Markets weren't at records or near them, but they were once again flirting with them. Kind of. Here's THE FIVE.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, I'm Greg Gutfeld along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr. Jesse Watters and she rollerblades on a coffee table, Dana Perino. THE FIVE.He's getting impeached for a border that's breached. The House gearing up for a vote on the impeachment of DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. And we could get that very soon. Republicans accused Mayorkas of failing to enforce the law and lying to Congress.While Republicans blamed Mayorkas, Joe Biden is now trying to place the blame for his border disaster on, you guessed it, Trump. Joe is pushing Congress to pass the proposed Senate deal for border security, that as of right now is deader than a hair follicle on Jesse's scalp.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: All indications are this bill won't even move forward to the Senate floor. Why? A simple reason, Donald Trump. Because Donald Trump thinks it's bad for him politically.He'd rather weaponize this issue than actually solve it. Frankly, they owe it to the American people to show some spine.Republicans have to decide: Who do they serve, Donald Trump or the American people?Every day between now and November, the American people are going to know that the only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump and his MAGA Republican friends.Folks, we've got to move past this toxic politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: He's worse than Tom Shillue. They do. So, letting loose on KJP on whether Dems bear responsibility for an action on the border while they control the House.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: You guys talk a lot, including today about how the border wouldn't be such a big deal if Congress would have just passed your immigration bill on day one. Who was in charge of Congress on day one?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We have said is that Congress has to act, right? Congress -- Democrats, Republicans have to act. But in those three years, it is true that Republicans have gotten in the way. I mean, they voted -- they've actually voted --DOOCY: The Democrats were in charge for the first two years, no response from you?JEAN-PIERRE: It has. I'm not saying that Democrats have not been in control the first two years. That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying House Republicans have gotten in the way.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And House Speaker Mike Johnson is holding the line that the border bill is DOA.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): It was supposed to have a border security set of provisions in it. That is not what we got. We got a supplemental funding proposal with immigration provisions. It's not a border security bill. It doesn't do anything of the sort.Republicans simply cannot vote for the bill in good conscience. And that is why I declared it dead on arrival. And it looks like right now it may be in some jeopardy, it may be on life support in the Senate. We welcome that development.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Jesse in this process, this impeachment inquiry and so on, when do we find out that Mayorkas isn't really incompetent at all, it's just that he's fought for he's good at following orders.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Following orders from who?GUTFELD: Exactly.WATTERS: Taylor Swift?GUTFELD: Maybe, she's behind everything, you know?WATTERS: Or the cartels.GUTFELD: I would say the cartels and Taylor Swift working in conjunction with the space aliens.WATTERS: Congrats, you're booked on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" a block.So, we looked it up. Any president since 1952 can shut down the border, says it right here. Whenever he finds the entry of aliens is detrimental to the United States, he can shut the whole thing down like that.So, he's asking Congress for powers he already has, and 20 million -- $20 billion. So, what's the money for? Well, it's just basically to hire an army of lawyers, nonprofit, and asylum officers to just continue to facilitate the open borders. And then, he locks into D.C. District Court rubber stamp, which is far left to just say whatever anybody wants to challenge is either bogus, or legit.Now, the border never closes. That's not Jesse Watters saying, that's the coauthor of this bill, the senator from Connecticut.This whole 5000 thing, OK, here's how it works. 5000 come in for a week, right? An average is that, they don't shut the border down, they just funnel all of the entries into the port of entry. And they bring him in that way.And then what happens if you show up at another part of the border? If you claim that it's an emergency, they still have to let you in. They don't actually even detain anybody in this bill, because they only asked for 15,000 additional beds.So, if you can't detain, how are you going to deport and how is Bush and Obama and Trump deporting hundreds of thousands of migrants a year with less money than Biden, and Biden needs more money?And this is the tough screening process. Are you scared? Yes. Did you find a place to Mexico that you can stay, no, you're in. It's a joke.And they only have $25 million to fight cartels, but they give $400 million to lawyers. That's how you know, they're not serious about this.This whole thing is designed to keep the status quo. They've legislated the status quo. Nothing in here is going to stop a single person from coming in. And they're just doing this so Joe Biden can claim credit to solve a problem that he created in the first place. This thing makes it worse. I'm glad it's DOA.GUTFELD: Well done. You just basically killed the bill yourself.Judge, you know, it's interesting to hear Joe Biden blame Trump. Trump won in 2016 on the border, he was the toughest person on the border. And now it's all going to hell and of course, Biden, who has Trump derangement on, you know, anabolic steroids. Do you think that that's going to sell?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: The truth is that Joe Biden is one who reversed the border policies where we had some of the lowest number of immigrants coming through by immediately on day one indicating his intent to the American people that he wanted an open border policy. That's what he did.And for him to blame Trump. I mean, he's got Trump derangement syndrome. Trump said that in spite of the fact that for four years the Democrats fought with Trump, Trump fought with them, built a wall, had all kinds of restrictions. And the last month he was there, there was 70,000, who came in in December of that year.And now, Joe Biden has over 300,000, and we've got known and unknown gotaways.But this bill is not a border bill. It's an immigration bill. Jesse's right. This is all about making sure that we have enough people to be able to process the illegals, to get them through the legal ports of entry. All the things that Trump didn't have, Trump didn't have this kind of money. Trump had the law that Jesse just referenced that I have too, you can arrest them, you don't need to do anything else.And you know, Biden is talking about money to close the border. He doesn't think about the fact that what is it costing us to not fix the border, it's costing us in terms of deaths of Americans. It's costing us -- we just found out $23 million in credit cards in New York City alone for illegal's expenses to the states, as well as hospitals going under, schools that are being overrun. And it's all about willpower. Texas has it. Biden doesn't have it.And in the end, Biden would rather weaponize this thing than solve the problem. This is a national emergency. He won't treat it as such. He's only worried about giving 20 million on the border. 60 million to Ukraine. Why is that?And finally, let me just say that more asylum officers and expediting work permits and allowing an increased numbers of visas. He says it's going to be the toughest and fairest bill on immigration ever. But to whom? Not to Americans, but to the illegals.GUTFELD: Dana, you know we're regular Americans. We get up in the morning, we have our breakfast, you know, polish our Gucci bags. Don't you feel that underlying all of this is a mistrust in the system? That it's like we can't take these things seriously anymore because they wait to the last minute when there's an election. And then they foist this monstrosity on us and say read it over the weekend. And you get back to us as soon as possible. And if you don't agree, you're a traitor, that just makes everybody say stop.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I think also it's that there's a lot of people that don't trust that even if they were to get this authority that Biden would follow through. So, there's that piece of it as well.I also thought that when Biden came out and said, the only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump that it sounded like when they tried to blame Republicans for defunding the police and nobody bought it. It was like five Pinocchios or however many Pinocchios you could get.The NBC poll over the weekend show that Republicans have a 35-point advantage of President Biden on immigration but make no mistake, the Democrats now have a messaging line, they will beat it -- that they will beat that line to death.And this bill is dead, so I -- we don't have to go over the points over and over again. The bill is not going forward.So, now the question is, will they impeach Mayorkas? Will Biden do anything? And will he be able to actually somehow say that it's MAGA Republicans, they think that they can further drive a wedge between MAGA -- whoever they're calling MAGA Republicans and someone like Senator Lankford who's from Oklahoma and one of the most conservative people in the Senate.So, I am not for animal cruelty and I will not beat this horse to death anymore.GUTFELD: All right, Harold, you know, this is a border bill but it's not our border, is it? We're spending three times as much money on Ukraine. And you got Chuck Schumer saying, you know, if we don't vote on this bill, you know, young Americans are going to fight in Europe. You know, your kids are going to croak if you don't do this. That's a bit of hyperbole. And I think you should disown it immediately, Harold.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I have a slightly different point of view. I start with the editorial board about one of our in house newspapers called The Wall Street Journal and start saying, do Republicans want to better secure the U.S. border? Do they want to keep what has become an open sore festering for another year as an election issue? I think that's a question that a lot of voters are going to answer in November.GUTFELD: They're wrong, the Wall Street Journal is wrong.FORD JR.: We'll see. We'll see what side people come down on.This bill has been endorsed, this negotiated bill, this compromise, which the word compromise in politics has become such a bad word, unfortunately, when our whole nation was founded on a compromise. But that's a different conversation. The Border Patrol union, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have endorsed this bill.Now, when I think about some of those who argue and there have been Republicans who have openly said in Congress that if they pass this bill, it's a get-out-of-jail-free card for President Biden or it will help him in the election. It reminded me of how silly and unpatriotic a group of Democrats would sound if a Republican president were to pass gun reform legislation in an election year, and Democrats in Congress and the Senate would say, we can't allow this woman who would be president of the United States, because she's a Republican to pass this bill because it's going to help her get reelected in the fall, I would be a Democrat saying, you're crazy.We fought for this for a long time. The greatest advocates for this, for border reform and border security have been around his table and have been around our country, including a lot of Republicans.I think, and for Republicans in Congress to deny their constituents and to deny the American people in open debate about this on the House floor on the Senate floor, I think is an abomination in many ways. You don't get everything you want in life, certainly not in politics.This bill here has historic -- has historic wins for those of us who want different and better and security -- different security and better security at our border. Is it perfect? No, nothing is perfect.This here, however, pushes us way down -- way down the line and I would ask those who genuinely believe -- that you can have this genuine belief that if President Trump is elected, that there will be a different kind of border bill.I don't know if that would be the case. I think the kind of negotiated -- the kind of negotiations and the kind of compromises that have been reached here by Senator Lankford and others is something that may not be attain six, seven, eight, nine, 10 months down the road.And I would say in closing, for those of us who are concerned about fentanyl, human trafficking, terrorists, all the things that happened here in New York City with cops being beat up, we're going to allow it to happen for nine to 10 more months because of politics. And to me that's --PIRRO: Biden allowed it to happen for 2.5 years.FORD JR.: I'll agree with you, let's say I agree. I'll stipulate that. So, why should we let it happen for 10 more months?WATTERS: Because the border --PIRRO: Because Joe can stop it.FORD JR.: The Wall Street Journal, the Border Patrol Unit, the Chamber of Commerce all endorses we should pass this.GUTFELD: I think -- I think we've just been burned so many times with things that are called something like the Inflation Reduction Act, and it's not inflation reduction at all, it's climate nonsense.I just say, you know, why don't we have the time to take the bill apart? You know, and follow the logic behind each decision. We don't. Instead, we are told if we don't do this, we're hypocrites.No, we have to be able to pick it up. Take a look at it. I want to see what's in the shopping cart before I buy it.FORD JR.: I don't disagree with you which is why they should bring it to the floor and let's amend it, they shouldn't make the changes that they want to it and then send it back to the Senate.GUTFELD: OK. And you're wrong. You are perfect. You said nothing is perfect. All right.Ahead, another shocking scene of illegal immigrant lawlessness, migrant moped gangs terrorizing liberal cities.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Migrant lawlessness is getting worse in liberal cities again, a moped writing illegal immigrants have been terrorizing New Yorkers by snatching cell phones right out of their hands. One horrific video showing a 62-year-old woman being brutally dragged across concrete, slamming her body into a steel pole and leaving her bruise and then stealing from her.Two were arrested and cops say it is connected to at least 62 grand larcenies. Police are still searching for the group's ringleader.Today saw a little bit of justice, come for the migrant men who were caught beating two New York City police officers and then given no bail. Homeland Security picking up some of the suspects wanted at a Greyhound bus station in Arizona.And earlier today, the one and only suspect who was actually held on bail was in court. A grand jury voted to indict him on a felon on charges he pled not guilty.And you know, the migrant crisis is bad for Democrats when Al Sharpton is using this language to describe it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REV. AL SHARPTON, MSNBC HOST: You getting migrants beating up policemen in the streets in New York, you seeing an influx of migrants all over the country that frankly have people outraged. We're looking every day at the invasion of migrants.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Oh, really? Greg? Who would have guessed?GUTFELD: I'm surprised MSNBC didn't say we need more moped control. You know, we talked about this a lot. And it's like, there has to be a punishment that sends you back to a worse place if you hadn't committed the bad act.When you send them back, it's just a reset button. You know, you have to send -- I really think that we need prisons in cold places. So, you take the violent felons who come here from sunny climates, and you send him to someplace really cold. How soon would that stream of young criminality dry up when if they have to risk five years in like Siberia West?But you know, the Dems, they're the -- they're the breaking point party, they're ignorant of incentives and disincentives, so we always end up at this spot, which is chaos.And now they care, because it looks bad, not because it is bad, but because it looks bad. I love that -- I go back to that segment from yesterday, when those CNN anchors were so shocked when John Miller explained how New York's get-out-of-jail-free card increases criminality. It was like David Blaine, you know, performing street magic to 12-year-olds, the CNN anchors were like, oh my God, how did you do that? We have no idea. What a magical -- incentivized to come to New York, you know?And also, I mean, if you got to release them, release them in the neighborhoods where the people who make those decisions to release them live, let them experience the reality of their decisions made. You know, these violent migrants aren't going to be cutting your lawns, that's for sure.PERINO: And Judge, the illegal immigrant crime spree that is the highest rising concern about the immigrant crisis after there's lawlessness of course at the border. But now you have, for example, just here in New York, there's one migrant gang linked to 62 grand larcenies.PIRRO: I've always said, Dana, that violence is learned behavior. And what the illegals are learning is that they can commit a crime, they can even assault men and women in authority and be let out of jail before the police finished the paperwork. And that's what's going on here.These -- I hear the mopeds are many of them are stolen. They're not registered. And they're going after lone females, females walking alone with a phone in their hands. I mean, I don't go anywhere without my phone or with a purse and they're knocking them over as you can see right there. Just pulling them over. She gets hit with something on the street. I don't know if it's a bicycle.PERINO: It's like a pole.PIRRO: Yes, a pole of some sort. But here's the bottom line. What Greg is right, when Jesse -- when Al Sharpton talks about an invasion, he is talking about what I was talking about yesterday, and that is the African American community who's getting the short end of the stick because the illegals are getting -- are jumping over them in terms of all of the benefits that we're giving them, whether it's schools or sports centers, or the ability to get into programs.And Adams, this guy Adams, I got to tell you, every day he strikes me as dumber. He comes out and he says, you know the city council passed the law that prevents the police from cooperating with ICE.So, if the police -- like, if (INAUDIBLE) with New York City, then what would happen is the police would say we're letting this guy out. And I would have a detective there, like two hours before to get them. They're not allowed to do that.And so, Adams throws his hands in the air. He said, you know, the city council passed it. You fool. He can't even answer the question that was asked of him, which is do you know, whether or not you can change that yourself by executive order. How can you change it? You said, well, we ever looked into that, we're going to check it out. You haven't looked into it because you don't care. And that's the sad part.And Kathy Hochul, stop talking. You know, she's one of those who are saying, you know, we have to hold these people until we can figure it out. That's not constitutional. OK, number one, and number two, wanting to increase the number of crimes in New York that we can hold people on bail for if we do have enough to hold them.PERINO: Do you think Jesse for those three that they caught, do you think they ever thought they would get caught?WATTERS: Well, they weren't caught where they lived, and they haven't been caught once they crossed, so nothing stopped them now.But when you -- when you have poor people from underdeveloped countries, violent countries who leave their families, their mothers and fathers come to another country sponsored by cartels. There's a certain percentage of them they're going to gravitate towards street crime, and perhaps even more serious gang activity.And we've just let 10 million people into the country, a small percentage, they're going to be gang members, and they're going to metastasize. And you're going to now grow a small army of foreign national gang members within the United States. And that only adds to the Latin American gangs that we have currently. And then they're going to be fighting with the mafia, they're going to be fighting with black drug trafficking gangs, over turf.This is a recipe for disaster and the fact that the FBI is just sitting by and watching this happen. Why hasn't Chris Wray said anything about this? This is the most dangerous thing we've done to the country as I can remember.GUTFELD: What about January 6, Jesse?WATTERS: Besides January 6.PERINO: Harold Ford?FORD JR.: Which is why we need a border bill, if we're letting thousands and thousands and thousands of maybe even millions of people, and we have an opportunity to reduce it by 20 percent, 30 percent, let alone 50 or 60 percent.Well, Jesse, we can different is let the American people get -- put this before Congress for vote. Let's improve the bill where you think it should be improved, because one thing we know for certain, what we're doing now is broken.PIRRO: Joe Biden.FORD JR.: Let me finish my point. I only got 30 seconds here. It's not working. We get asylum reform in this which we've always said we needed, we give the president more authority to shut down the border, be it this president or any other presidents.This bill gives the president more authority than President Trump ever had. And frankly, powers that he wished -- well, if my reading of the bill suggests, but here's the thing. I did. Put it on the floor for a vote.Mr. Johnson, Mr. Speaker, with all due respect to you sir, if you're so confident it's dead on arrival, let your caucus and let the Democrats vote on it. Let people offer amendments to it, then send it back to the Senate. And let's get our border under control. It's broken. Unless we want more stories like we're dealing with New York.PIRRO: The fact that we already have the laws on the books and Joe Biden won't let the Border Patrol enforce the laws is reason enough to believe that even if we pass something, Joe Biden's agenda is to let them in.FORD JR.: Why do you think the Border Patrol endorsed this?PIRRO: Because they didn't have a chance.PERINO: We'll let them argue in the commercial break. Up next, President Biden is going to war with Snickers, the president's bizarre new economic pitch to voters.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Joe Biden's getting desperate because Americans aren't buying his Bidenomics nonsense. Only 14 percent of Americans say they've been helped by Biden's economic policies and Trump's mopping the floor with Biden on the issue of 20 points in the latest poll. Biden needs a villain to distract Americans and convince them that his policies aren't to blame. So, the grumpy old guys now taking his anger out at greedy grocery stores for higher prices.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: From all we've done to bring prices down, there are still too many corporations in America ripping people off. Price gouging, junk fees, greedflation, shrinkflation. We're tired of being played for suckers.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But way to get to even dumber, Biden is going to war with Snickers for shrinking the bars.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: It's where -- about Snickers -- what's happening with Snickers bars. Yes, Snickers bars, you know, the candy? Well, they won't raise the price of Snicker bar, they just took 10 percent of it out. No, no, no, it's smaller. So, that's how they're making more money.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Greg?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Did you know that Snickers shrunk the bars?GUTFELD: I have a theory that he came upon the Halloween Snickers.WATTERS: The Minis.GUTFELD: Yes, the Minis. And he said, what happened to the Snickers? And then they were getting to the soup and he went to bed. You know, he's calling American suckers for paying for their groceries. Not all of us can steal. I mean, I'm not part of a gang that can smash and grab a target and steal 900 bucks worth of stuff. So, I guess we are all suckers for paying.But he has no concept of the economy. He always blames the outcome for the cause. Why would stores -- I mean, does he believe that stores artificially inflate the prices when all they do is try to sell stuff as cheap as possible? That's their strategy to compete. Does he think that they like met and decided? All the stores met. We're going to fix them. We have to fix the prices. Is that what he wants us to think? No. The reason why we're having problems is because of gas prices, theft, which is amounted to the billions, printing money to give to other countries, illegal immigrants, and student loan debt beats, Biden's voting block.I mean, he has no concept of how an economy works. And he should actually thank -- like it's weird, he always goes after stuff that keeps America afloat. Right? grocery chains, oil, a border, law enforcement, he should thank God for capitalism. If we didn't have food, if we didn't have gas, if we didn't have cheap booze, and Amazon, and Netflix, the public would have seen through them ages ago. We got plenty of breaded circuses to keep us going to not notice it.WATTERS: And it seems like there's this new strategy. They're all going to go after gouging. Here's Liz Warren, Dana.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA): From Doritos to Oreos to even toilet paper. These big corporations are shrinking how much they give us. Corporate executives thought we wouldn't notice, but they're wrong. We noticed. It's time to crack down on corporate greedflation. I'm fed up. No pun intended.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: She needs that toilet paper because she's full of what?PERINO: Crap.WATTERS: Oh, Dana.PERINO: I mean, it really works well for her in 2020, this line of argumentation. Plus, do you remember the Putin price height? That was what he blamed on gas prices. And I think the one thing that we do not talk about enough is how the Biden administration's energy policies have made everything more expensive for all of us. And that could be for years to come unless it is somehow reversed because a lot of these companies make decisions now and they look 10, 15, 20 years in the future. And if they don't think they're going to get those permits approved, they don't make the investment, which means you don't get the jobs, which means your energy prices go up and your national security goes down.WATTERS: Harold, when you open up a bag of potato chips and maybe there's like six less chips and they're used to, do you feel ripped off by big chip?FORD JR.: I feel grateful because you know me. You see me every day before the show --WATTERS: You're slim and slender.FORD JR.: But I eat a bag of chips. This is not the strategy that I would be using. I think that they're -- there are a number of other things that that I think resonate more with voters. And I've never been a believer in picking on American companies, be it -- be it all companies unless they've done something illegal. And I don't know what they're doing.I mean, the age old message of making communities safer, making our schools work better, making prescription drugs and insulin cheaper, protecting our border, and ensuring that Putin does not prevail in Ukraine. That seems to me something better to be ticking off than taking on -- taking on a local supermarket. There are a number of communities throughout America that don't have supermarkets in their communities. You have food deserts and a lot of cities and a lot of rural areas across the country. So, I would change that one up a bit.WATTERS: You know, this is a direct attack on, Judge, Uncle Giuseppe's.PIRRO: It is a direct attack on Uncle Giuseppe's and the Judge Jeanine Chocolate after. I'm glad you mentioned it and I did. OK, look, there's a reason that Trump is mopping the floor with Biden in terms of the economy. People don't believe the nonsense about Bidenomics. People have to buy bread and milk and cheese and meat. And it's just -- it doesn't matter what he's talking about in talking about Bidenomics to the cows come home. The prices are staying up.And the truth is, if he wants to blame -- remember a couple of years ago, he blamed big meat. Remember that one? There was the big meat. There are no good. And if people are price gouging, Mr. President, get your attorney general if he's not too busy going after other people to prosecute price gougers because that's a crime.And in the end, the guy knows nothing about the economy. He knows nothing about business. All he's done his whole life is cash to check that he signed on the back or that his son gave him. But I'm not going there, Harold.FORD JR.: Go Blue!WATTERS: You can go there. It's fine.Ahead, virtual insanity. People are doing really stupid things with these little apple goggles, like driving a car.PIRRO: Oh, they are?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: The future is here and it hasn't even been a week since Apple rolled out those virtual reality headsets and it's already causing a tech dystopia.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Say cheese.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: I like that music. Another stunning video shows a dude in a self- driving Tesla car while fiddling with his Apple goggles. It prompted Transportation Secretary Buttigieg to remind folks that you must remain in control of your vehicle even if it's driverless.PERINO: Well, thanks, Pete.FORD JR.: And check out this guy -- check out this fellow sitting courtside at an NBA game pretending like he's actually playing in the game.Exclamation Point, are you at any point thinking about putting these things on for the -- for one of your monologues, your opening monologues on "GUTFELD!"?GUTFELD: It's weird every time I see somebody wearing one of those, I want to hurt them. You know -- you know Steve Jobs wouldn't have made this mainly because he's dead, but also he would never make anything that made you look stupid. All of the Apple products that he brought out were cool. These make you look uncool.If you were walking down Fifth Avenue wearing one of those, the Vision Pro, you might as well read it -- wear a t-shirt that reads we'll never get laid again. I mean, imagine coming home from work and your husband is sitting on the couch in that. You just come home, there he is. How soon will you go out and bang the tennis instructor just because it's like this is not how men should be. Men should not be sitting there wearing this thing on their face.This is the difference between this and Elon Musk's robots. This is a good comparison. Robots enhance your life. They make it easier, frees up time, helps you with manual labor. It's technology for people who are living lives. Vision Pro is not for living life, it's for replacing the life you have. More scrolling, more emails, more binge-watching, more withdrawal from connection of real life. It's a perpetual emotional hibernation. This is just like it's -- we should be moving away from this not toward it.FORD JR.: It's so heck of -- I kind of agree with Greg in a lot of it. D.P., what do you think?PERINO: Call me a luddite. I'm not interested. I understand also though that it's like when we had the Walkman --PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And we got -- now we have AirPods. OK, I get it. So, maybe it'll start to look better with better design in the future. But I tried it on for half a second. One, it's kind of heavy on my head. And also, I'm like why would I do this? I don't know -- and the only thing I kind of liked about it is that I think it could help with posture because you're not like this over your phone, you have to -- you have to stand up straight --GUTFELD: That's actually a good point.PERINO: -- so you can keep it on your head.FORD JR.: But Greg's point about the hibernation from how they -- you know, it's really a way to retreat to another part or to not really live. What do you think about that?FORD JR.: Well, I tried them on yesterday. I thought I saw a dinosaur attack me. And you go in there and first you see this little baby dinosaur and it's chasing a butterfly and it's cute. And you're like oh little baby dinosaur. Isn't that so cute. Oh, he's going to catch a butterfly. Oh, he's going to catch the butterfly. And then that's like, all right, well, it's just a little baby, so what? The next thing you know, huge tyrannosaurus rex just wanders away out of the mountain and you're like whoa, dude, that thing is huge. And then you're like what's it going to do is. It going to come at you. And then so I started putting my hand out. Is the little T. Rex going to come at me?FORD JR.: What have you done before you put it on? Did you --PIRRO: Yes, what did you do before that?WATTERS: Nothing. And so, it like -- at first I thought it was going to just -- and just bite my head off. And I took a swing at it and nothing happened because it's not real, Harold, it's fake.FORD JR.: Right.WATTERS: Did you know that? And then -- but I wonder --FORD JR.: Did you?WATTERS: -- if people that weren't as smart as I am, if they put that thing on, maybe they thought the dinosaur was real and they jump out a window. So, that's where I'm worried about. We had a guest on last night said that companies might force employees to wear them at work.PERINO: Why.WATTERS: .And you'll never escape because you could multitask and you could see everything. You're just locked into corporate America that way. Now, I agree with Greg. I think they look Dopey, but they're going to get smaller. And they're just going to be contact lenses in a couple of years. But for now, all of these Latin gangs are going to just snatch goggles off weak kids faces all over the town.FORD JR.: You think that's what the gangs are going to do, Your Honor?PIRRO: No, I don't think so. But I mean, if they had the chance, of course. But you know what? This is the first model. You never buy the first one because you got to wait for the kinks to be ironed out of them. And can you hear in that thing?WATTERS: Yes.PIRRO: So, there's noise in it?WATTERS: You could hear.PIRRO: So, could you hear the dinosaur?WATTERS: I don't remember.PIRRO: What did you -- what did you take before you put that on?WATTERS: I swear to God.PERINO: No, there's --PIRRO: OK. And what's amazing about that thing is that it is too big. It is cumbersome. It looks heavy. Plus, how do you eat with that? How do you drink? I saw them drinking? I mean, are you supposed to eat with it?WATTERS: .It doesn't cover your mouth. It doesn't cover your mouth.PIRRO: I know it doesn't but how do you get a glass --WATTERS: .How do you drink?PIRRO: I don't.FORD JR.: Coming up.WATTERS: That's not true.FORD JR.: Coming up, New York -- New York City Mayor Eric Adam is blaming race for why his city is in chaos and comparing himself to Jesus.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's DEI on steroids. As a city deals with crime, illegals, and people leaving by droves, New York City Mayor Eric Adams is now blaming race as the main reason why he gets a bad rap from the press.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS, MAYOR, NEW YORK CITY: Have you ever seen this much chocolate leading the city of New York? And then go down the line. Look who's here. This is representative of the city. That's why people are hating on me. Ma'am, this is the Matthew 21:12 moment. Jesus walked in the temple. He saw them doing wrong in the temple, he did what?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He turned the table over.ADAMS: I went to City Hall and turn the table over.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Wow. All right, Harold, you know, when I was reading this line, have you ever seen this much chocolate, leading the city of New York, I mean, I didn't know whether that was offensive. Is that offensive to the people he was referencing?FORD JR.: I think he was trying to say that there's a vast amount of African-American leadership in --PIRRO: Well, he's articulate. Why do you call him chocolate?FORD JR.: He might not have had him enough time. He might have been trying to convince -- look, I would -- I would have said it differently.'GUTFELD: I think it's a compliment.PERINO: Yes, I don't think anybody in the room was offended.FORD JR.: Yes. No one in the room was offended.GUTFELD: Harold, you're like my Cadbury Egg.PERINO: He's my Snickers.PIRRO: My Peppermint Patty and Oreo. Oreo, that's it. All right, that's enough, Harold, OK.FORD JR.: You call me an Oreo?PIRRO: Yes, yes. OK, next.FORD JR.: A black coming out of --PIRRO: OK, do you like the fact that he blamed -- that he compared himself --FORD JR.: I like Snickers better. I'm Dana's -- I'm D.P.'s Snickers.PIRRO: I'm done with you, Harold. What do you think of the fact he compared himself to Jesus, Jesse?WATTERS: All right, Greg, would you like to handle that one?GUTFELD: OK. You know what? OK, in his -- in his defense, you cater to -- you cater your words to the place you're speaking at, right? And I made the mistake. I once did an evening speech at the Chamber of Commerce in the afternoon and I didn't change the subject matter. And it was a nightmare. So, you might have just -- you might have heard him tailor this.The thing is -- the thing is, you know, you've got to mention -- you also have to mention competence. You can't just say -- we like to know you're the best and not just the blackest. So, what we got was he was -- he was saying this. But I have to take -- I disagree with him on one thing. He came into office with so much good faith --PIRRO: Goodwill.GUTFELD: And goodwill because we all went through a white moron named DeBlasio. And here's a former cop and he's black. We want -- we wanted him to succeed. But unfortunately, he's not. And maybe the leftist machine that DeBlasio left behind is just too big for any one man to handle. I don't know.PIRRO: What do you think of that, Dana?PERINO: Well, I do think that anytime DEI is mentioned, if it sounds like it's fine, like, whatever. That sound like a corporate jargon. But when you actually explain it to people -- I had a friend who did some internal polling for a company, and the messaging on this from even Democrats and liberals, over 50 percent of people say they do not like this. Women in particular, 68 percent said they don't want any more of this. And Independents at 71 percent.PIRRO: Good. Jesse, do you have anything to add?WATTERS: If only we had a mayor who is also African-American who is competent, good business background, works well with Republicans and Democrats and Independent, a beautiful family --PERINO: And reads the Wall Street Journal every day.WATTERS: Reads the Wall Street Journal every day. Handsome, clean-cut --FORD JR.: Dana's Snickers?WATTERS: God, where could we find someone like that?PERINO: Harold.PIRRO: Harold, we love you. I love you.PERINO: Harold for mayor.PIRRO: Yes, you OK?FORD JR.: I'm fine. Mr. Mayor, thank you.PIRRO: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: "ONE MORE THING," Judge.PIRRO: OK. Yesterday, we lost an icon in country music, Toby Keith, after a two-year battle with stomach cancer. I had the honor of meeting him several times over the course of my career. It was a thrill of a lifetime. He was - - he was a lot of fun. He was very friendly. He was a great guy. He was a man's man and he was a woman's man. He was the epitome of what a strong and patriotic man should be, showing love and support for American troops. And he was one man who attracted millions to the country music genre. He defined the genre. I will miss him. I am overwhelmed and I'm sad as is Dana today. We're just talking -- we're country music fans. Rest in peace, Toby.GUTFELD: All right, I'll just plug my show. Tonight, it's going to be a barn burner. We got Brian Kilmeade, Kennedy, Timpf, Jamie Lissow. It's the all-stars. All right, Harold.FORD JR.: We honor Black History Month today. 31 years ago, we lost a great tennis -- great Arthur Ashe from Richmond Virginia, first Black to win Wimbledon, the U.S. Open, the Australian Open, in fact the greatest arena in tennis is named after him at the U.S. -- here in New York where the U.S. Open finals are played. His passion and love for the game overpowered all the exclusion and hate he had to encounter early in his life. Congrats to him and his family and congrats to my pal, Bret Baier, on winning the Horatio Alger Award.GUTFELD: We have 10 seconds, Dana. Say something silly.PERINO: Jesse's show is going to be great tonight. Don't miss "PRIMETIME" at 8:00.WATTERS: Thank you. Thank you very much.GUTFELD: That's it for us. Have a great night!