CLAYTON ANDERSON, FORMER NASA ASTRONAUT: They do -- they try to emulate what we do. And that's very important for me, being a United States astronaut.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Al right, well said, Clayton. I wish we had more time, my friend. Thank you and for your heroic service to this country.That will do it here, THE FIVE is right now.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDY COHEN, "WATCH WHAT HAPPENS LIVE" HOST: Have you ever seen "Veep"?DOUG EMHOFF, SECOND GENTLEMAN: We're living it.COHEN: You're living it?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Kamala's hubby Dougie Fresh saying out loud what the entire country knows by now. The Biden White House is just one big season of "Veep". And we all can't wait for the series finale.In case you haven't seen it, "Veep" is a comedy about an incompetent and vindictive female V.P., as she claws her way to the top. Sound familiar?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You know what I would like to tell people but obviously I can't?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't say it here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I should be president. Because it is my turn.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you ready to step into the role and do whatever the country would need?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm absolutely ready. But thank God, our president is in good shape, in good health.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Because words have many meanings and what we mean to say when we speak those words can mean so many different things. We can confuse our own meaning and misspeak.HARRIS: The significance of the passage of time. So, when you think about it, there is great significance to the passage of time.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And for today's episode of "Veep", Joe Biden kicking commander out of the White House, forcing the presidential pooch to live with some relatives after coup Joe turn the White House staff and do an all-you-can- eat buffet.Document show Commander Biden did and attacked Secret Service members at least 24 times. And that's just Secret Service. One incident, forcing a White House tour to stop as janitors mopped up blood from the floor.Commander also terrorizing Biden's beach house were one unlucky soul got six stitches after suffering a severe deep open wound. Commander's rage was a real treat for the media.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, ABC NEWS HOST: Listen to his name, Commander, he's in-charge.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: That's right, I'm going to bite your (EXPLETIVE DELETED).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They weren't just all little nicks, either.JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: I have been in a similar situation. It's rough. It's -- I don't mean that as -- no, I didn't mean that as a stupid pun. Like, it's difficult but the dog has to go.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Absolutely.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I'm pretty sure Dr. Jill Biden would fit right in with the cast of "Veep". The first lady who can't pronounce Bodega compares Latinos to breakfast tacos and one stood in front of the huge sign that said Hunter High. Well, she's apparently the secret sauce that keeps her husband's mojo running. Listen to this top historian.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: She is the vital part. Dr. Jill Biden is it. She likes power. She wants to stay. She wants some sense of revenge.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A lot to bite into Greg here.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I love that Doug says it's just like "Veep". I mean, does he know that in "Veep", the V.P. is an idiot. At least he didn't say his marriage is like "The Walking Dead".You know, he picked -- he could have done worse but that's really -- obviously he doesn't watch the show. I think about the dog. We need to call it what it is. It's an incise erection, it's the work of extreme MAGA Republican dog trainers. Exactly. Is the dog a German Shepherd? You can see what I'm saying?By the way, it's not just one dog, the dog before Commander was Major and it also had to be shipped out three years ago. So, it's not the dog, it's the owner. Joe takes care of pets the way he takes care of unwanted grandkids. If you ask me, they put the wrong dog out to pasture.Speaking of, he claims they sent the poor dog to a friend, perhaps out in the country upstate where he can play. What does that sound like to you? They Epstein the dog. How soon do we discover that the poor dog is found in a kennel with a bed sheet wrapped around his scruffy neck and how convenient for that?You might think it's a challenge to indict an entire administration based on this dog story. I accept that challenge. If a president can't control his dogs that attack brave Americans, how can he govern a country that's being invaded on both borders?As we know, the president has a very high threshold for other people's pain. He laughs it off. He blames others. He's OK with ramped violent crime. He's OK with merciless Venezuelan gangs, and now he's OK with a tax on the Secret Service. It's this cruel ambivalence, Jesse, that I can't stand.WATTERS: I know you can't, Greg. As someone who suffered a severe dog bite, I can't imagine what it's like to have blood dripping off of your limb onto the White House floor, Dana.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'm sorry. I was just sort of distracted to your hair.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, look at that.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: I have great hair, OK?PERINO: You have a great hair but you need a haircut.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Oh my gosh, it's all away across. It's like bangs and you just flip them up.PERINO: Now back to the story.GUTFELD: It is incredible.PERINO: First of all, on the "Veep" front, it reminds me of when Doug and Kamala kissed with their N-95 masks on. Remember that one? That was a good -- that would have definitely happened in "Veep".First of all, if any of our dogs bit somebody, they're out. Maybe you get a warning. But the second time, they take your dog, OK.So, one, either nobody told the president this was happening, that'd be a problem or two, he knew about it and didn't care.And one of the things every president should want to do is protect the Secret Service at all times, make sure that they're comfortable. Everything -- anything you need, make sure you don't leave them hanging on Christmas Day, let them spend Christmas morning with their family before you go on vacation, whatever it might be.But I wonder if the White House either keeps the truth from him, and doesn't tell him. Things like, sir, the border is not closed. And sir, inflation is actually a problem. And you know what, people are really concerned about crime.And if you think about it that way, like maybe he doesn't want to get bad news. Maybe his temper comes back at you if you give him bad news, or he knows all of it and doesn't do anything about it, making a real dog's breakfast of the policy.WATTERS: Harold, is this an impeachable offense?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's good to see you back.WATTERS: Thank you.FORD JR.: Your hair is fantastic.WATTERS: Thank you, Harold.FORD JR.: A couple things. Dogs are -- this dog is a protective dog. And we should all have a Commander in our lives that would protect us like this. And I just -- I can't -- I can't -- we all love dogs. And I can't attack dogs. And he's protecting the -- I've never heard him said that he bit Joe Biden.So, they clearly need some more training. And they've got to figure out how to -- how to make this right. But I'm not going to -- none of us would attack a dog. And I'm not accusing anybody. I'm not going to attack this German shepherd.PERINO: It's not the dog's fault.FORD JR.: And I'm not going to attack the president. I mean, my dog is -- has bitten me before.PIRRO: Well, your dog is little. What is your dog?FORD JR.: Well, I have the Jack -- you know, are you now discriminating against little dogs?PIRRO: Yes, your dog is a little dog.FORD JR.: So, we all need a Commander. Two, the vice president -- I hope we have vice presidents at all times who are confident in their abilities. She is. I hope we have vice presidents at all times who are substantive. I think people are looking, I think Vice President Harris is substantive. I think she needs to have more of it come out because it is -- I think there's a lacking on the part of a lot of Americans, even some Democrats, who don't understand how substantive what her leadership qualities are. And she's got to do that over the next -- the next several months. If the ticket is going to have a chance to win, I think she's integral and indispensable to the ticket winning.Finally, I think the president is getting some criticism today that in the last few days, it's unfair about his position about the border and other things. I would agree with those who say, look, he should have exercised some of this authority earlier.But I'm just a believer, when somebody comes around to my side, I welcome them. And even if they come around to my side a longer -- it takes them a longer period of time, I'd say this again, and I've said it several times, if we and when we have a Republican as a president, and she decides that she's going to sign a gun reform law -- set of laws that restrict those who can own guns, because we want people who follow the law and who don't break the law to do it. I would -- and if Democrats, well, we're not going to let her have that credit, because Republicans have been opposed to this. I would criticize those Democrats as critical and as repeatedly as I've criticized Republicans who don't want to accept a win that will help the country and make the country safer and hopefully make our borders safer in the process.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine, you're a dog owner, your thoughts on commander.PIRRO: OK. The first thing I want to talk about is the vice president's husband, what is he the second male? What is he?PERINO: Second gentlemen.PIRRO: Second gentleman, OK. He can't possibly grasp the meaning -- the meaning of the analogy between his wife and "Veep", because if he saw that show, he would never say we live it because she's an incompetent idiot who doesn't stop laughing. Now, maybe he thinks that there's a, you know, an analogy to be made.And one thing I disagree with Harold, although I love you is, he said -- you said we don't understand her leadership qualities. That's a quote. It's up to her to make me believe in her leadership. And it's not my fault. It's her fault.OK, which is the same scenario with Joe Biden, Joe Biden blames the victims. He actually blamed one agent who said -- Joe Biden said he lied about Major attacking him. Now, when a dog attacks 24 people or two dogs attacked 24 people, the dog is living in a dysfunctional environment. OK. There's something wrong, he's either getting involved in Hunter's cocaine, the dime bag, something's going on, or, you know, there is -- there is just -- it's just not a happy place.And, you know, it's just a reflection of the environment that he's in. And you know, the -- it's not just Secret Service. So, if you want to blame the Secret Service. It's the executive staff. It's the White House workers closing off the East Wing for 20 minutes from the tour because there's so much blood on the floor.I mean, you know, I've had -- I've had Doberman Pinschers, I've had Bouvier des Flandres, who were very serious guard dogs. I've had serious guard dogs, I've had them trained to be guard dogs, never had a problem. Never. Never had a problem with these dogs.But if I did, you can rest assured they would have -- they would have sanctioned me and I would have had to euthanize the dog.So, the bottom line is that, you know, they don't -- there's something going on in that family that's not right. They can't even train a dog and they -- you know, we're supposed to have them run the country.And as it relates to Jill, Jill liking power, what craving revenge. I mean, think about it. The woman was a teacher at a community college and now she's basically you know, with the right hand of running the United States because Joe can't do it and so, she is.Plus, she gets the Oscars and the Dolces and all that other stuff. So, she isn't giving that up.WATTERS: The Oscars and the Dolces are dresses for those men out there who have no idea what Jeanine just said.PIRRO: Oscar de la Renta.WATTERS: There you go. Coming up, rise of the woke A.I., Google shuts down a robot that was erasing white men from history.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Google is shutting down its woke A.I. chatbot. In less than two weeks, the program called Gemini facing backlash for its politically correct, but historically inaccurate responses to user's prompts.One phony image depicted a founding father as a black man. Another prompt producing images of black and female figures when asked to show ancient Roman emperors. Google addressing the criticism saying, we're working to improve these kinds of depictions immediately. Gemini's A.I. image generation does generate a wide range of people. And that's generally a good thing because people around the world use it but it's missing the mark here.Jesse, the executive seemed to be surprised that this was happening. And it seems to me it's almost like when Bud Light didn't realize that they were doing this big partnership with Dylan Mulvaney and they lost all this market share. I mean something like this, you got to be on top of it.WATTERS: Yes. When I first saw the picture of the black Viking, I immediately thought it was some Scandinavian guy in blackface and I was deeply offended. So, then, I Google A.I. the Swedish bikini team, Dana, and they were all black. And then, I Google A.I., Baywatch. And David Hasselhoff had this enormously magnificent afro. And then, I Google A.I., NHL hockey player and I got a picture of Michael Jordan on skates with no teeth.And then I started digging deeper. And I started Googling A.I. the Jamaican bobsled team, all black.GUTFELD: They are.WATTERS: And then I Googled --GUTFELD: Are you making this up?WATTERS: Terrorists and the terrorists was the Unabomber Ted Kaczynski. And then, I Googled a Fox News host and it came out to be Harold.So, I dug deeper. I Google A.I. O.J., then it was just a glass of Tropicana. So, I Googled A.I. deeper, O.J. Simpson, and O.J. was white Dana, very confused by all of this.And then I Googled A.I., Dennis Rodman, and it was a picture of Rodman with a blonde wig and a dress. And they realized that was a real picture.PERINO: That's accurate.WATTERS: But what you're really looking at here is, what's my point?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: I'm asking you guys what? This is a war on the white man, Harold, and like the war on Christmas, I am down for the struggle, OK? They have 1619 project at the internet and it's probably because of this one engineer who was some Geek Squad guy who is probably had white guilt, and they hired him to basically rewire the internet based on his insecurities. And he's basically erasing all the white men and then spreading all everything else in to the black people.And I figured why would this be happening? Because they told us that white European heritage was evil and oppressive. So, why would they be infusing black people in the white European heritage? That doesn't make any sense, so I must think to myself, Jesse Watters, is it really because the left actually does feel like the white European heritage is glorious, and they just want to spread it around to black Americans?But then, I thought to myself, why don't they just make the black history as glorious as it is? And then I thought to myself, Jesse Watters in 200 years will Jesse the fourth Google his great, great grandfather. What will I look like, Greg?GUTFELD: You'll be Sunny Hostin.PIRRO: You got it up here.PERINO: Harold, what do you make of all this? Like Jesse really paints an interesting picture.FORD JR.: I'm trying to get through the thought process. Jesse had a lot of thoughts there.A couple things. It clearly made a mistake here, I think -- and they've got to figure out how to -- how to get it right. But the history of our country is a glorious history. It's a big history. It's a sprawling history, it's sometimes a little ugly, sometimes beautiful and sometimes challenges us to try to make the present better. This and the future better.This is -- maybe they thought they were doing something to make it better. I don't can't quite put my hand on it. Maybe some more thoughts from you, Jesse will help us try to come up with something positive they were doing. But hopefully they get this right.Because this is something we're going to rely on a whole lot in the future. And Harold the fifth, I want them to know that Harold the third, my son, their grandfather, their great grandfather was a good guy. And we won't have it right if they don't get this stuff right.PERINO: I think Judge when we talk about A.I. and artificial intelligence, it makes it sound like it's just being made up like in a lab by itself making generating itself but it's not, there are people behind the A.I. like creating it. And so, there is an executive function here. And that's why -- is that why Google stopped it? I mean, could they face legal problems?PIRRO: You know, I don't know if they could face legal problems, but I think they're losing their credibility. And you know, Jesse was referencing, I think, the fact that, you know, whoever is feeding this information to Google and pretty much the world, we get our information from Google, right? Well, the guy who's in charge of providing that for Gemini A.I., if you follow his tweets, or his tweets go like this, white privilege is real, do your part to recognize bias at all levels. Jesus only cares about white kids. And this is America where racism is the number one value.Now, this is the guy who's feeding the information to the A.I. And this is the higher and so, we shouldn't be surprised that what they're trying to do is create a level playing field. But as they do that, they're erasing history. And it's very consistent with what they did with the statues, you know, that recognize history and where we were and how far we've come.But this left-leaning agenda is fake news. It really is fake news. And it doesn't show the hurdles that we've had to overcome to get to where we are.So, for example, if you had -- I wrote it down here. Right, if you say that A.I. I want a diner from 1910. A.I. according to this guy, this engineer, is going to have white people and black people just sitting at the bar in a diner. Well, that's not accurate.PERINO: Right.PIRRO: Because in 1910, they had the Jim Crow laws that were horrible and awful. But we should show it from what it was.PERINO: Right. Do you remember Greg, I'm sure you do, when Elon Musk said that A.I. has the potential to destroy civilization and he was mocked for it, but this was part of that.GUTFELD: Well, that's because -- remember, A.I. isn't racist, it's -- or bias. It's the people who create it. So, you're never going to escape it because bias is baked into the human system.I actually asked, I asked Gemini, does Jesse Watters wear toupee? I wanted to -- I wanted I picked this because Gemini is designed to be inoffensive, and to them, whiteness is seen as offensive in their brain. But this is -- they go, determining whether Jesse Watters wears a toupee is impossible to definitively answer. No public statements from Jesse Watters or reliable sources confirm or deny the use of a toupee. That's how they operate on everything except race.And then they said they were missing the mark on this. They produced black Nazis. When a guy put in World War II German officers, they got Black and Asian Nazis. That's not missing the mark. They're not sorry over the mistake. They're sorry that they got caught.This is -- these are powerful entities that have to be monitored by us because they're circulating ideas and beliefs that are divisive and the temptation for these power centric identity obsessed ideologues is too great to be trusted, because it's so much -- so power.So, it's not the system, it's the people. You can't control bias. If you look at it, I'm going to go on a little tear. If you look at the news, the news as you know is bifurcated. And that was because we came to the realization that news was always biased, but pretending that it wasn't.So, realizing that it was an untapped frustrated market, Fox arrives and then it explodes, provided balance and a highly balanced system. But the fact is, you can't change bias even in that system, because it's baked in.So, the only way you can fix it is by catching it. And the solution will be a specialization, your A.I. will be no different than any other aspects of your life, guided by preferences and beliefs.So like, for example, when A.I. melds with the robotic world, you don't want to have an artificial housekeeper that supports Hamas, right? You don't.And what if you get an A.I. brain chip? What if you suddenly want to watch Joy Reid? No, you're going to have to commit yourself.So, the whole point is, we're going to end up catering ourselves by selecting the type of A.I. that we want. It's just going to be like Fox News, versus CNN and MSNBC. It's now going to be in the A.I. world.PERINO: I'm all for bringing back the hardcopy encyclopedia for households.GUTFELD: Yes, but the point is, you're going to have to be -- you're going to have to monitor it because (INAUDIBLE). How do you know history is even --PERINO: Maybe I will publish a set?GUTFELD: A tiny set.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Dana's little encyclopedias. That is a -- that is a zillion-dollar idea. Dana's set of little encyclopedias. Kids would go crazy.PERINO: They'll go crazy for it.GUTFELD: I'm your agent.PERINO: Yes, Sean Desmond (ph), I hope you're paying attention.Coming up, soft on crime, D.A.s can't be trusted to lock up the bad guys. An Arizona prosecutor is refusing to handle murder suspect over to Alvin Bragg.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Prosecutors spar because one refuses to put the bad guys behind bars. Arizona prosecutor Rachel Mitchell is refusing to extradite a man accused of bludgeoning a woman to death with a broken iron in a New York City hotel. She's blaming Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg's lacks treatment of violent criminals and argues it would be safer to keep the criminal in custody in Phoenix.Right now, the per is being held without bail in Arizona where he's been accused of stabbing two women. And Mitchell is vowing to keep it that way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MITCHELL, MARICOPA COUNTY ATTORNEY: I'm putting the victims first in making sure that he stays in custody.Since we have serious offenses here, we have the right to keep him where he is. We're not saying that he will never be prosecuted in New York for what he did, but we're saying we're going first. And that way, when we secure a prison sentence on him, that has to be honored when he is extradited to New York City.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: But no bail bozo, Alvin Bragg, says Mitchell is just playing politics.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, MANHATTAN: Her reasoning not because that's what the law dictates, not because that's what advances justice, not because of a concern for victims, not at the request of the NYPD, but rather plain and simple old-fashioned grandstanding in politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Judge, no concern for safety. He's the last guy to provide any analysis on safety. Look, the whole country is disgusted with Alvin Bragg. He proves it every day when he allows immigrants who are illegal -- and you can say they're asylum seekers, I call them illegal immigrants -- how about this? Illegal aliens. That's what they are, OK.He lets them go after they assault police officers, and then chooses to remain silent when the press asks him about it for two days. Now -- but here's the bottom line, there is a uniform extradition code that DAs have. And basically, what you do is -- I remember -- I can -- I can relate to what the female prosecutor is saying from Arizona. She's saying I got the body, I got the habeas corpus, I want to go first. You're lax on crime. I'm afraid you're going to let him out or maybe a Manhattan jury isn't going to convict.She says, according to my state -- and she's right -- in her state apparently, they allow them to keep the body in Arizona until they try the case. And then once they try the case, without anybody being sentenced or serving out the sentence, send them to the next state, launch an extra -- launch a detainer for them to come back after they're convicted in New York.But let me tell you what's going to happen here. This is an agreement ultimately between two governors. It's an agreement between Hochul and Hobbs in Arizona. These DAs can posture all they want. Alvin Bragg, you know, he wants to talk about how much crime there is in Arizona. He should keep his mouth shut because he's an embarrassment to any real DA or any law enforcement organization.Under her law in Arizona, she can -- she can stand her ground, but neither of them have a real say. All you have to do, by the way, at an extradition hearing is say look, here's a picture of the guy, OK. I mark it into evidence. Here is a copy of the felony -- the indictment. I have to get an indictment. And my governor said we want extradite them. And then the judge says, OK, extradite them. But there's got to be an agreement between the two governors.GUTFELD: Harold, you are an attorney, some would say a lawyer. Doesn't this make sense because Bragg has pretty much lost the trust in his ability to keep people safe. She's kind of doing New Yorkers a favor.FORD JR.: She's not. Whether you like Alvin Bragg or not, whether you think that he is prosecuting crimes efficiently or aggressively or the right ones is not the point here. A prosecutor can't say we're not going to extradite here in New York to Alabama because that prosecutor doesn't like the fact that Alabama has different abortion laws than New York. You can't not extradite to a state because the state may have supported Donald Trump and you supported Joe Biden.I would agree this is an agreement between the governors. It's an abomination in many ways what this prosecutor is doing in Arizona. She seems to be a good person who's trying her hardest to ensure that the laws are followed. But we're not talking about extradition between countries. This is the United States of America. We're not extraditing a criminal to another state because the prosecutor in the state doesn't like the prosecutor in the other state.PIRRO: No, no, under Arizona --FORD JR.: She said that.PIRRO: You're wrong. But under Arizona law --FORD JR.: She said that.PIRRO: Under Arizona law, the prosecution must start in Maricopa County because they have the body.FORD JR.: No that's not what --PIRRO: That's the law.FORD JR.: OK, if it's if this is where it starts, Judge, then it's not -- it's never going to stop because you're going to have states -- the politicization of this will not stop. You yourself stated this is between the governors.PIRRO: It is between governors.FORD JR.: And hopefully the governor has more sense than the prosecutors.PIRRO: She's not just saying it based upon politics. She's saying based on Arizona law.FORD JR.: When a prosecutor says we're not going to extradite to a state because the prosecutor is Jewish and we don't like that or they -- we don't like a woman being --PIRRO: And then what about Alvin Bragg turning it around --FORD JR.: -- because the woman won't do it as hard as a man? This is wrong.GUTFELD: That's not what -- but that -- I think you're -- I think you're --FORD JR.: No, no, this is where it goes. The slope --GUTFELD: These are all fair analogy.FORD JR.: No, no, no. The slope goes there, Greg. I think it could -- look, I try to -- I just think this is wrong. I don't think that Alvin Bragg prosecutes crimes as much as he should, but this -- the voters of New York elected him. Extradite the person. Don't -- this is not -- this is a bad, bad slope.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Harold, if you want slope, I'll give you slope. Remember the movie Training Day?FORD JR.: I love that movie.WATTERS: Denzel Washington was a dirty narcotics detective who inadvertently ended up murdering a high ranking Russian mafia guy and needed to pay the mafia $1 million cash in order to take the bounty off his head. So, what does he do? He concocts this nasty search warrant where they kick in the door of this drug trafficker, steal all of his money for the bounty, and then frame Ethan Hawk, the clean cop, for the murder. And Ethan Hawk doesn't want anything to do with it because he's clean.FORD JR.: That's a movie, right? That is a movie.WATTERS: You've seen it. And what does Denzel say to him? He says, everyone in this crew has to be a little dirty so everybody else can trust you. Bragg is a dirty cop, Letitia is, Fani Willis, Weiss, Jack Smith, all of these people are dirty. And all of the good people, they don't want to touch them because they don't want to deal with them. You've seen crime scenes.FORD JR.: Then she should come here and run for D.A. if that's what she --WATTERS: You ever seen a crime scene, Harold? I have. You see the local people come in first and they want the scene. And then the FBI comes in and they want jurisdiction. And then the FBI is trying to fight the U.S. Marshals for jurisdiction because they all want to fight the crime but they all want credit.In this case, the New York jurisdiction doesn't even want to tackle the crime and they want credit for not prosecuting.GUTFELD: Right.WATTERS: How are you going to deal with people like that?FORD JR.: You come here -- she should come here and run for --GUTFELD: No, but it's a fair point. I got to get Dana. It's a fair point. It's like, if we thought New York really would prosecute, but we don't know that anymore.PERINO: I mean, how do --GUTFELD: I understand Harold's point completely but we don't -- I don't believe if the system works anymore.PERINO: But the thing is it's like, why do you believe that? Because he shows us every week.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: We just had this big story about how these guys, the migrants who beat up the cops in new -- in Times Square, where did they go? They high tailed it to Arizona, they get caught, OK. Just a point of reference in case you forgot. Rachel Mitchell back when the Republicans were looking for somebody to be a straight shooter and a professional prosecutor to look at the questioning of Christine Blasey Ford during the Judge Kavanaugh confirmation hearings, who did they go to? They went to Rachel Mitchell.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: She is one of the most popular elected officials in Arizona because she is so by the book. She's super professional and I also think that she would have declined to prosecute Daniel Penny, and that's why I love her.GUTFELD: There you go.PIRRO: Good answer.GUTFELD: Up next, Joe Biden blows up the all-you-can-eat buffet, and it's not what you think.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Biden inflation taking a big bite out of one of the most beloved bargain dinner deals. Red Lobster is scaling back its all-you-can-eat- shrimp promo. After customers ate so much, the restaurant suffered a$ 12.5 million loss. And that's despite them bumping the price five bucks. The company learning a lesson about the cost of doing business under Bidenomics, rolling out endless lobster experience but only for 150 lucky people across the U.S.All right, Jesse, how much does this endless shrimp fiasco go to show you that the Bidenomic food deal just doesn't work?WATTERS: Well, I'm not totally sure Bidenomics has everything to do with people just being gluttonous. Gluttony is a sin as you know, Judge. And there's a lot of sinful Americans out there. There has to be a moral stand we need to take when you go to a Red Lobster and you actually participate in the all-you-can-eat buffet. the all-you-can-eat buffet is just a hook to get people in. It's not an invitation to actually have people eat all they can eat.PIRRO: Well, they don't stop you.WATTERS: You should stop yourself, Judge. People need a little self- control.PIRRO: All right, Greg, Red Lobster all-you-can-eat, it went from $20 to $23 to $25 and still hasn't done the trick.GUTFELD: Red Lobster went to in the Red Lobster. I'm not a fan of buffets for some reason. An abundance of food in a tray makes it feel less appealing, less tasty. It's why I avoid orgies.PERINO: Oh, my word.GUTFELD: You know, but -- and after the food sits out for a while, what I what I find so hilarious about buffets is it that it's the healthy food that's the most dangerous. Like, it's like raw food like sushi and greens of the salad bar or sliced fruit are always the ones that get you sick. But it's the fun stuff like steak and like shredded pork that's always the safest because it's hot it's cooked. I've never been to a Red Lobster because I didn't grow up around one unfortunately.WATTERS: Greg, I think orgies avoid you.FORD JR.: Let's get off the.PIRRO: All right, Dana, Red Lobster lost $ 12.5 million and yet they haven't stopped the endless shrimp. They keep doing that.PERINO: I'm not going to blame Americans for taking them up on the deal. I'm going to blame Joe Biden and Bidenomics. To get us back on track, what have we done? OK, part of the thing is that food prices are higher for everybody across the board. That's not just homeowners or people trying to make end mean at home, this is also for restaurants. Why is that? Well, partly it's the inflation, also energy costs. Everything is up. Energy costs are up, which means the travel -- getting your goods from point A to point B. So, everything has cost more.So, people when they think about -- when they when you read that people are upset about inflation or the economy, it's about that kind of thing. If you're -- the food issue is a really big deal. I also heard about all-you- can-eat buffet thing where they only charge you extra for what you leave on your plate.PIRRO: Really?PERINO: Now, that is a good way to go about this.PIRRO: Isn't that a great idea, Harold? If you don't eat it all, we'll sue you. No, we'll charge more.FORD JR.: So, I have four things. I'm going to be very quick. Maybe the shrimp is good.PERINO: Hush puppies are good.FORD JR.: Two maybe the -- maybe the shrimp is underpriced, and that's a problem there. Or as you said, maybe we just overeat as a nation. And three or four, maybe people lose using more Ozempic, so they go out and eat more and then they do all the stuff to make themselves lose weight.PERINO: I'm not sure that's how that works.FORD JR.: Well, I'm reminded of the great colonel -- well, I know one thing. Joe Biden has nothing to do with this. I'll tell you when I think he has to do with something. In fact --PIRRO: Food is higher than it's been in 30 years.FORD JR.: Then why can't they keep food in the buffet? People are buying it like there's no tomorrow. They eat it after they up the prices.PERINO: Because if you pay one price and you go to Red Lobster, you can -- you can feed the whole family rather than --PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: It's probably less expensive than if you went home and you try to do it because people are like wow, I can't spend this much on food every week.GUTFELD: By the way, are we sure --FORD JR.: Then they should be charging more at Red Lobster.PERINO: Exactly. Red Lobster should charge more.PIRRO: Well, they did. They went from $20 to $23 to $25. They still lost 12 million bucks.FORD JR.: Then they still ran out.GUTFELD: You know --FORD JR.: Which made the people were to pay it.PIRRO: This is Joe Biden's -- this is Joe Biden's fault.FORD JR.: This story would make sense if you told me people were running out of Red Lobster not paying their bill, but they stayed, ate all the shrimp, complained, and paid their bill. This isn't Joe Biden's fault.PIRRO: Of course not.Ahead, an Amazon driver escaped certain death. "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. Is this a great opportunity or is it being taken advantage of? A mom going viral on TikTok after leaving a chore list for her toddler's babysitter and offering some extra cash for the tasks. The list depicts several chores like sweeping and mopping the floors and organizing the fridge. The chores range in pay from $3 to $15.Judge, I know you have some thoughts on this. Is this people being capitalistic on both sides or what do you think?PIRRO: This is a wonderful thing. If the babysitter wants to make money, she can make money, she's going to make the mother happy as long as the kid is sleeping. I mean, if the kid is like dragging around somewhere and you're trying to make cash for cleaning up. But some of my producer disagreed with me.PERINO: Really?PIRRO: Yes. And he said to me you know, they -- he said this is like they're saying it's really optional but they'll never hire you again. I don't think that's the case. I love this.FORD JR.: You think about this when you hire babysitters?WATTERS: I asked the babysitter to wax my car.PIRRO: What do you pay?WATTERS: I didn't pay her anything else extra because when the baby's napping, she's got free time and the car needs waxing.FORD JR.: D.P., how do you --PERINO: I think it's great that she's like getting extra credit at school or working overtime. And I would have done all the chores.PIRRO: Me too.PERINO: Absolutely, for the money.FORD JR.: Mr. Exclamation Point, what are your thoughts about this?GUTFELD: Well, I have a chore list for the babysitter but it's weird because I don't have any kids. But I need changing too.PIRRO: That's it?GUTFELD: That's it.PIRRO: I have a babysitter for my dogs.GUTFELD: I know.WATTERS: It's called a dogsitter.PIRRO: They're my babies.FORD JR.: One more -- "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Judge.PIRRO: Oh, I go first. OK, have you ever sing your heart out in a shower and performed before a make-believe crowd? Well, this security guard is living that fantasy. Check out her best Taylor Swift impression as she pretends the crowd came to see her perform, OK. I mean, she -- and you could tell what song she's dancing to. I can't but my producer could.Anyway, I'll be on "HANNITY" tonight. Thank you.WATTERS: So many people have been asking me, Jesse, when is your book coming out.GUTFELD: No one would have.WATTERS: And I just wanted to remind everybody, it's about a month away. For people that say I've been promoting this book a little too much, I say I've been promoting it not enough. So, here we are again. This book is probably my best work.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: I'm not talking about in written form, I'm just talking about my best work in general besides the physical work that I've been doing all my great years.PIRRO: What?WATTERS: Jesse Watters has written some people say the greatest book of all time, some people being me. Go out and pre --GUTFELD: You should do your blurb on the back of the book.WATTERS: Pre-order it right now. There's a QR code. Now, if you're maybe over 60, if you open up your camera and you hold it right there to the screen --PIRRO: Shut up, Jesse.WATTERS: No offense, Judge. Hold it to the screen, it'll take you to a place where you can buy it. I should probably promote my show tonight. I haven't been here in a long time.GUTFELD: That's true.WATTERS: Johnny went out in Vegas where I just was and here's a little sneak peek.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS PRODUCER: I wonder if the King of Late Night is performing here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Who's the King of Late Night, David Letterman?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Sorry, Greg.GUTFELD: I'm really losing the facial tat audience.WATTERS: You're up.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, oh, we got a great one. Jim Norton, Liz McDonald, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus tonight at 10:00. Let's do this. Greg's Itchy Marmoset News. I want to tell you something. This was originally going to be Greg's Sexy Marmoset News, but the zoo wouldn't allow me to marry sexy music to this marmoset.WATTERS: Why?PIRRO: You need their permission?GUTFELD: Yes. So, I'm going to just do it myself. Yes, baby. Oh, yes. Just like that. Yes, just getting little -- oh, don't stop. Don't stop.PIRRO: Is that a stuff animal?GUTFELD: No, it's a baby marmoset. Small squirrel-like monkey out of Brazil. Oh, yes, baby. Right there. Right there. OK. Oh, it's Barry White - -PIRRO: Barry White, sing to me.GUTFELD: Now, we're ready to go. Yes, he has soft and silky hair. They love getting scratched. By the way, you can mail order that device from various websites.PERINO: Oh, my God.GUTFELD: And it will come -- it will come in a brown box.WATTERS: All right, that is one (INAUDIBLE), Greg.FORD JR.: Happy early 25th birthday to Mary Forsythe, slash it's her 100th birthday because she's one of five million people born on February 29th, leap day. So, her community in Sand Springs got together to commemorate the big day for her. You know, I wonder what it's like not being able to celebrate your birthday but once every four years, the actual birthday itself. But happy birthday to that young lady, 25th --PERINO: I think it would be fun because then you could have like -- you could do whatever you wanted. And everybody would feel sorry for you so you could get extra like parties and presents and things. Well --GUTFELD: I'm holding back a joke.PIRRO: What?WATTERS: You've never done that before. It must be really good.PERINO: I know. I had one about a hippopotamus that wants to be the hippo of the United States called HOTUS. And I admire the San Antonio Zoo for coming up with this great P.R. idea. Vote for HOTUS.WATTERS: All right, HOTUS.PIRRO: All right.