GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: May not be available.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: The conversations have been going around in my friend group as well. Who's going to get the money for the pool to give the joke.JENKINS: We might need to do it.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: The gift that keeps on giving, all year round.JENKINS: And you can't regift a Santos greeting.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. You're right about that.JENKINS: That does it for us. We'll see you next week.LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN. Welcome on this Sunday. Thank you for being here.We have two great guests later in the program: Leo Terrell, who you know, fantastic lawyer and litigator; Richard Goldberg, one of the top experts when it comes to the Middle East and the Iranian regime, and we will get to that in a moment.But first I want to talk about impeachment. What is impeachment? What does impeachment mean? Where does all this stuff come from?High crimes and misdemeanors? What does that mean?High crimes and misdemeanors, you'll find it Section IV of Article 2 of the United States Constitution: "The president, vice president and all civil officers of the United States shall be removed from office on impeachment for and conviction of treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors."Now I want to focus in on the phrase "high crimes" because there's a lot of confusion about this, and I'm here to fix it. It has a meaning, but it doesn't have a meaning as some people might suggest. What is a high crime? What does that mean?Does that mean a president goes out and goes to a 7-Eleven and holds it up? No, that's not what it means.High crime: High in the legal and common vocabulary of the 17th and 18th Centuries of high crimes, English common law, which had a big impact on the framers of the Constitution, particularly when it came to the impeachment discussion, and that was extensive -- it is the activity by or against those who have special duties acquired by taking an oath of office that is not shared with ordinary persons.Well, that would be the president. He has certain duties and responsibilities. He took an oath of office. And so what are the high crime?Well, it's a person who violates that. Who violates what? Okay, let's take a look. Article II Section 1 Clause 8.1.Here's the oath: There is a special oath of office for the president United States. Keep in mind, again, the framers understood what I just told you about English common law: Before he enter on the execution of his office, he shall take the following oath or affirmation.This is your Constitution.I do solemnly swear or affirm that I will faithfully execute the office of the President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.And typically, it's, so help me God.He cannot become president until he recites that oath. That's what the entire inauguration is about. It's not about all the fanfare and everything. It is so the whole world can see a president puts his hand on the Bible the other hand in the air, and swears his oath, an oath that is compelled by the Constitution or he cannot become president of the United States.That's how serious that oath is.Now, one of the things you just heard is he is to uphold the law of the land, the Constitution of the United States to preserve it. So serious was this to the framers of your Constitution, they put another section in the Constitution under Article II, Section 3, Clause 3.1. "He (meaning the president) shall from time to time give to the Congress information of the State of the Union (you've seen State of the Union addresses) and recommend to their consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient." Okay."He may, on extraordinary occasions convene both Houses or either of them and in case of disagreement between them, with respect to the time of adjournment, he may adjourn them to such time as he shall think proper."Okay. Ready?"He shall receive ambassadors and other public ministers, and he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed, and shall commission all the officers of the United States."That phrase is called "the take care" phrase. "The take care" clause, he shall take care that the law must be faithfully executed. Now why is this important?The House of Representatives, every Republican voting for, every Democrat voting against -- voted for an impeachment inquiry. What's an impeachment inquiry? It's obviously an impeachment as to whether or not the president of the United States has upheld his oath of office.And the focus, at least on TV and elsewhere, for the most part has been on Joe Biden and his family's financial dealings with enemies of the United States, including the Communist Chinese, including the Russians of Moscow, including the prior Ukrainian government, which was a puppet of Vladimir Putin's and Burisma, and all the rest of it, the front corporations, the money laundering, the failure to pay taxes, Mr. 10 Percent, Mr. Big, the laptop -- got it.I want to ask you a question. Do most of your neighbors or family members follow that as closely as many or most of you do? If you were to go into a 7-Eleven today and say, hey, pal, yes, yes. How may I help you?You know, they have these front organizations, the Bidens and these companies and he is not paying his taxes. Why won't you leave me alone. I'm here to buy, you know, some M&Ms.Okay, but that doesn't mean, Congress shouldn't uphold the law, right? So what is Mark trying to say?Ladies and gentlemen, you want a successful impeachment, then prioritize it properly.When it comes to Joe Biden, he has violated the United States Constitution at least three ways. Article I: Immigration. Joe Biden has purposefully, intentionally violated dozens of federal immigration laws; federal statutes passed duly by Congress and signed by prior presidents.He has undermine them by his actions, by his directives, by his executive orders. He has undermined them through his cabinet, Department of DHS. He has undermined them by not enforcing the laws and in fact, insisting that they not be enforced.The mayhem that has been created in this country is unimaginable. The number of Americans dying from fentanyl and other killer drugs coming across the border. This is a direct attack on our citizens.The number of women being raped, the number of kids -- little kids being sold into sex slavery. What's going on, on that border is inhumane, which is exactly why Joe Biden wouldn't actually visit the border, he visited a border town, and they turned it into a Potemkin village the way they did San Francisco when Communist Party genocidal maniac, Xi, visited San Francisco. They cleaned it up for a week, you know.The president of the United States, his obligation is to take care that the laws are enforced, whether he likes them or not. The Supreme Court has even said so on multiple occasions. Why? Because if a president can do what Joe Biden is doing, then why have a Congress the laws are meaningless.Our immigration laws have been around a long time. They're very effective when they're enforced. We literally had millions and millions of people coming into this country and we don't know who they are. They're not being vetted. We have people coming into this country who shouldn't be here not being deported.We have a Border Patrol that's busy changing diapers. A Border Patrol that's busy cutting the razor wire that the State Police in Texas are putting in place.In other words, none of the things a president is supposed to do to ensure that our immigration laws are being upheld or being done, that and all the bloody disaster as a result of it is a clear, impeachable offense.Now, what's important about this? I don't need to know about bank accounts, wire transfers. I don't need to issue a subpoena. I don't need to know any of that or do any of that. It's uncomplicated.Joe Biden is by action and word, as is his Secretary of DHS, violating intentionally the Constitution of the United States, undermining the power of Congress, destroying the ability to enforce protection of the border, which he is compelled to do under federal statute. That's Article I.Article II: The power of the purse belongs to Congress and more specifically, the House of Representatives. How do we know that? Because it says so. Congress, more specifically the House, they determine on raising taxes, raising the debt limit, borrowing -- all of it.The president doesn't have that power. Can you imagine if he did? Again, we wouldn't need a House or a Congress.So when Joe Biden decided, you know what? I'm going to forgive a half a trillion or trillion dollars in student loan because they are my voters, or whatever cockamamie reason He doesn't have the power of the purse to do that. He can't, on his own, issue a fiat or directive that the Treasury won't collect the half a trillion dollars or a trillion dollars, the matter is taken to the US Supreme Court. The Supreme Court says, Joe, you don't have that power. Don't do it.Joe says, what an extremist, right-wing, out-of-control Supreme Court trying to tell me what to do, trying to uphold separation of powers, and the power under Article I, the power of the purse. I want to seize the power of the purse. I want to make these decisions.So Joe has actively gone around the Constitution, the Congress; has defied the purpose and directive of the US Supreme Court and has now given away $400 billion to $500 billion of taxpayer dollars in violation of the Constitution, that's Article II of impeachment.Article III: What is the primary responsibility of the president? We have one commander-in-chief. He is the commander-in-chief. Now why don't we have a commander-in-chief that takes steps that actually empowers our sworn enemy, that takes steps to issue waivers that allows tens of billions of dollars to flow into the coffers of say the Iranian regime, a terrorist regime, which has murdered American citizens; a terrorist regime which has taken American citizens hostage, a terrorist regime that seeks to get nuclear weapons to point them at us, that calls us the Big Satan, that makes it clear that they want to topple the United States.We have a president of the United States who not only gives aid and comfort to the enemy, he literally gives billions of dollars to them by his actions and his inactions. They take that money, in turn, they fund Hamas, they fund Hezbollah, they fund the Houthis. This is a regime that sought to assassinate a former secretary of State, a former National Security adviser.This is a regime that seeks to destroy America.Today, they're trying to kill American soldiers that Joe Biden has put overseas, they're attacking American bases overseas. You're funding our enemy. That's an impeachable offense. That should be Article III -- that Joe Biden is literally funding a terrorist regime that has killed American soldiers, hijacked American citizens, has done all kinds of things and has its intention of building nuclear weapons to threaten us, among others. That is Article III.Article IV can certainly be that you have a spoiled punk son of a vice president, son of a former senator, Joe Biden, who uses his father and his father's name and his father's office to bring over $30 million into his coffers and the coffers of his family, and nobody believes except the corrupt media and the corrupt Democratic Party that circle the Praetorian Guard, circling the wagons around their man. Nobody believes Joe Biden didn't know anything about it.What? Is he deaf, dumb, and blind? What's he? Helen Keller? No. He knows because when it comes to money, Joe knows. Joe likes money.And so his attorney general will not appoint a special counsel to investigate him even though the standard for appointing a special counsel has been met a hundred times, even though the media and the Democratic Party -- where's your proof? Where's your proof? Folks, we could show them a dead body and they would say, where's the proof that it's dead -- if it helps the Democrats.So they don't matter either. The Republicans have control. But it's a very complicated case.The average American, even the unaverage American would have some difficulty following all the steps. That doesn't mean you don't take them, but it means that's Article IV.Article I, Mr. And Mrs. America understand what the hell is going on, on that border and don't understand why it's not being secured.Article II, Mr. and Mrs. America understand when a president of the United States opens up the Treasury without authority, and gives half a trillion dollars to people who don't deserve it in violation of the law and the Constitution.Number three: The American people understand when a commander-in-chief is busy pouring money into the enemy and re-arming them, whether directly or indirectly, and taking no steps to defend American soldiers, and no steps to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon, having appointed a special pleader for Iran as our chief envoy negotiator.Those are three killer substantive reasons that Joe Biden should be impeached in addition to the other, and that's exactly why the impeachment clause is in there, and that is exactly what a high crime is, and that's exactly what's meant by a high crime.So I want to again, encourage the Republicans in the House from the speaker down from the three chairmen of the three major committees, can you please get this right and prioritize this properly?You've got a ton on Joe Biden. He should not be president. Whether the Senate acts properly or not, and mostly it won't, you should. Article I, Article II, Article III, Article IV.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Leo Terrell, I want to welcome you to the program. One of my favorite guests.Leo, we have a prosecutor that is not that smart, but the system seems to be set up to help move him along.I look at this January 6th case, I see a violation of the First Amendment, Trump's free speech rights. I see a violation of the Fifth Amendment when they took away his attorney-client privilege. I see a violation of due process there.I see a violation of the Sixth Amendment, when you have a judge that says we're going to ram this all into a five-month period -- a criminal case, they typically take two, two-and-a-half, three years with discovery and everything else. She says no, we'll do this in five months, the day before Super Tuesday.Sixth Amendment, the right to a competent counsel. The counsel says we can't get this done. She said, sure you can.Also she refuses to recuse herself, given her hyperbolic statements that she's made in other cases. But this prosecutor seems to be dragging the judiciary along with him. He's in a rush.He wants to Trump tried, and he believes convicted of four phony charges during the course of the election to try and prevent Trump from being president. So, then we're fighting over whether he does jail time or not. We're fighting over whether in fact, he committed these crimes, but he has done something really, I think, outrageous here that puts the Constitution in the office of the presidency on the line and this is what I wanted to ask you.He files a brief for the Supreme Court. He says, look, Donald Trump is arguing that he is immune, even today, even as ex-president from things he did as president. He thinks he's a king.So it's not in the public interest to let this go on and on. In fact, this needs to be resolved here and now. So Supreme Court, I want you to take an emergency appeal. I want to skip over the appellate court process because we're in a hurry here. I want you, the court, to take this argument and resolve it right now.Given the gravity of this case, given the fact that we actually want to hear from a circuit court and how they think this through and the Supreme Court should take its time. What do you think of this?LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: You're too kind to Jack Smith. You've got a prosecutor. He's a Democratic operative, an operative in a position of power to basically try to create a railroad kangaroo court scenario of trying to convict President Trump prior to the election of 2024.You're right. He is basically trying to get the Supreme Court, which I hope the Supreme Court does not take up. I mean, they're going to have some hearings, but I hope they refer this back down to the appellate court, because we have to understand, the rule of law is being circumvented because of politics.When people try to analyze this case and Jack Smith, and that judge who is also a Democratic operative, the rule of law is being dismissed, Mark, it is being ignored.Donald Trump's rights as a citizen, as a president have been violated, because the rule of law and justice is not important. What is the motivation? Thirty years of practicing law, what's the motivation for Jack Smith to say, hey, Supreme Court, ignore the Court of Appeals. Ignore looking at case law and their rulings and their decision-making and the procedure.Why are we in a hurry?Because of November 2024, because the Democratic Party is prosecuting this case, not the Department of Justice, the Democratic Party, and I find it offensive.If this case is heard by the Supreme Court, it should be sent back to the Court of Appeals. The proceeding should stay and let the process work.Donald Trump was absolutely right. What they're doing to him, Mark, they will do the anyone who loves this country, who believes in the Constitution.They want to tear up the Constitution. They want to ignore the Constitution. You mentioned all of those rights that were violated against Donald Trump. They don't care. They don't care because you know what it is all about, Mark? It's about power and control.The Democrats, the left-wing, the progressive want power and control, and if we don't keep our eye on the Constitution, they will tear it up, destroy it, and they will say, hey, where is it? We lost it.They're not interested in the Constitution. They're not interested in keeping this country unique and separating us from being a banana republic.LEVIN: Well said. Now, I want to emphasize a particular constitutional point here for the American people as well.The president is immune from prosecution, not because the Constitution says so, because that's been that position of the Department of Justice for half a century. Why? because the president is the executive branch, and if you allow an unelected prosecutor, an unelected judge, and an unelected jury to charge a president, to try a president, maybe convict a president, but even the process, where an individual, just a common individual has to spend an enormous amount of time to protect their liberty, to protect their life, to protect their career and their reputation, you know this, you can't function as a third branch of our government on matters of war, on matters of peace, on the border, and all these other things if you're having to defend your liberty.And it's been the position of the Department of Justice under Republican and Democrat attorneys general, you cannot indict a sitting president. So what does Jack Smith do when he sees this?So I'll indict the next president. I'll take the things that I assert he did while he was president. Here he is, he's not president anymore, and I will indict him on those things. That's how I get around it.And not only that, I'm going to skip the circuit court. I'm going to go all the way to the Supreme Court, and court, and John Roberts, I want a decision today.Now, let me say something about this. If he wins, then the office of the presidency is destroyed because a president of the United States cannot function looking over his shoulders all the time wondering what's going to happen when he cease to be president of the United States, because the party opposite, Leo, if they take control of the Department of Justice, then they will sit there and say, you know, this president shouldn't have done this, he shouldn't have done this, he shouldn't have done this. They'll come up with real or cockamamie charges, and they will indict him.So the office of the presidency will never be the same. You know what Judge Chutkan says in response to that? Good, well, maybe he'll be careful.No, not good.We shouldn't destroy our justice system, the office of the presidency, our Constitution and separation of powers, because this bum, phony prosecutor is in a hurry to make his case in front of a Potemkin courthouse in order to get Donald Trump.When we come back, Leo, I want your response to this.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.Millions of people in the Northeast are bracing for a messy commute tomorrow as a powerful storm system continues to push northward. It's packing torrential rain, strong winds, and the potential for major flooding. The Great Lakes region also could see some accumulating snow.The system has already brought tropical-storm-like conditions to Florida and swamped Charleston, South Carolina with near record coastal flooding. All this causing major travel headaches ahead of the Christmas rush.Happening tomorrow, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin will travel to Israel where he is expected to push officials to define milestones for their war with Hamas.Austin's visit comes as the US continues to push Israeli officials to do more to protect Gaza's civilians. President Biden has warned Israel that it is losing support due to its bombardment of Gaza.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America. I am here with Leo Terrell.So Leo, I went a little bit in the last segment about what a disaster this would be, number one, if the court takes it up and undercuts the appellate court system; and then number two, keys it up and then makes the wrong decision.I can only imagine how 80 million Americans are going to feel. I can only imagine how future presidents will feel. The disruption that it will cause to our constitutional system, in our election system would be massive, wouldn't it?TERRELL: It would be horrendous. And the key here is why would they take it up? There's no need to take it up.I think there are three Supreme Court justices on that bench, we know they are, who are solid, who believe in the law and understand that this should be sent back to the Court of Appeals. But there are some that I'm concerned with. I don't want to mention any names.The Chief Justice, I'm worried about him. I'm worried that he may look the wrong way and not recognize the importance of the Constitution. I am concerned.The key here is if they are in a position to set this country back and basically create a chilling effect on the executive branch of this government. We have to make sure this does not happen.Now they also are going to take up the January 6 cases involving some of the defendants which affects 300 individuals. Mark, what I don't understand is, Jack Smith has used laws that really does not apply to the actions that were taken.He is using a Klan statue against Trump. He's using an Enron statute against Trump, because he is trying to contort the law to somehow convict Trump to prevent him from running for president.The Supreme Court has an affirmative obligation to send this case back to the Court of Appeals and let the normal process take place.Why did he wait 25 months to even pursue this case? It is to upset the November election, to upset 2024, to prevent Donald Trump from running for the White House, and to prevent him from winning the White House.It's not going to happen, but this is the game plan of Jack Smith. This is a game plan of the Democrats.LEVIN: There is absolutely positively no constitutional, legal, national security, or other reason for this rush for this emergency to the Supreme Court for this early date of the trial, none, except political. You're a hundred percent right.And here's the problem as far as I'm concerned in addition to this. This prosecutor is dragging the district court, the circuit court, and my tribe, the Supreme Court into this hellhole.It is the job of a judge, it is certainly the job of the Supreme Court to uphold the Constitution, separation of powers, to do no damage to one branch or the other.And I want to suggest this to you, Leo, I'd like your response. If this court that was so reluctant to get involved in two Pennsylvania cases during the election, serious constitutional challenges, who gets to make election laws? The legislature or the Board of Elections and their governor? They wouldn't take that case up, let alone jump it over an appellate court.Why would they even consider taking this case up rather than saying, no, you go through the process. We are not here to serve the interests of the Biden administration, the DOJ, and this rogue prosecutor.Do you think Justice Roberts and the others are intimidated by the media? Or do you think they understand if they do what is fundamentally the wrong thing here, both in process and substance that the Supreme Court will never again, never again have a reputation of being objective and attempting to honestly interpret the Constitution?TERRELL: Let me think about that. Yes, I'm scared, Mark.You know, between the two of us, we've got over 60 years of practicing law. We cannot be naive about this, Mark.If we're going to look at this purely as a legal question, there's no doubt about it. This case should be sent back to the Court of Appeals.But Mark, we can't be naive. Is the Supreme Court impacted by the politics? Are they impacted? They shouldn't, but if we're going to be upfront and honest, I'm nervous about the political impact the court is looking at or looking through in order to make a decision. They should not, they should just keep your eye and focus on the Constitution, the checks and balances. Ignore the political pressure. That's what I thought the Supreme Court was there for, to ignore the political pressure.But you just mentioned that Pennsylvania case, there is no basis for them to take this case up. None whatsoever. But that political impact, Mark, we've been around for a long time. And is the Supreme Court completely immune from the political pressure? I don't know. But it scares me, because our country is at issue and the Supreme Court has a fundamental right to ignore it and to focus on what is right, what they're obligated to do under the rule of law and that's what concerns me.LEVIN: Let me suggest that the Supreme Court takes this case up and rules the way the government wants it the rule, then Joe Biden, when he is the next president could face criminal prosecution for a number of issues, whether it is the border, and so forth, and so on.Let me go even further as we wrap this up. We also have the Appellate Court that ruled that Donald Trump is subject to personal civil litigation from a policeman on January 6th, as well as a member of Congress.Let me explain something here. You know what that means, Leo? That means every single person who has been adversely affected by an open border policy, where their family members have died, had been raped, whether their private property has been destroyed, their businesses destroyed, some expense, as a result of that circuit court decision in Washington, DC; every single one of them has standing to sue Joe Biden personally.Break him economically and break him otherwise. That's what happens when you have judges issuing stupid rulings, because they don't like the defendant or the complainant.Joe Biden, little message, when you're not president anymore, you're going to face hundreds if not thousands of private civil suits. Get ready.Yes or no? Am I right about that?TERRELL: You're absolutely right. The Pandora's Box will be open and Joe Biden is going to have to work for the rest of his life because he is going to be paying off liability. You're 100 percent correct.This is why this court has to make the right decision of protecting the office of the presidency and following the rule of law, or else the Pandora's Box will open and expose every sitting president, former president, future president to the same expose of liability.LEVIN: I worry about John Roberts. I call him Hollywood John, because he likes to read "The New York Times." He likes his name in the press and he doesn't like to be criticized. So he's in the wrong job. I'm just saying so.Leo Terrell, God bless you, my friend. You're the best.TERRELL: God bless you. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays.LEVIN: You, too. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Iran is attacking American soldiers, American bases all throughout the Middle East directly and through surrogates. Iran continues to threaten us with nuclear war. Iran threatens Israel that it is going to wipe it off the face of the Earth.Iran is now in a military and geopolitical relationship with Communist China, Russia, North Korea. Iran is providing armaments to Russia against Ukraine. And yet Richard Goldberg, we are providing billions and billions of dollars to Iran to do all of these things directly and indirectly as a result of Biden and Blinken policies, policies that they put in place. They reversed the Trump policies.I have to ask you a question. Is there another time in American history when a president of the United States actually funded our enemy?RICHARD GOLDBERG, SENIOR ADVISER, FOUNDATION OF DEFENSE OF DEMOCRACIES: I can't think of one, Mark.I mean, this is astonishing, and what you said in your opening monologue is exactly right. Here we are over two months since the horrific massacre of October 7th, right, one of the worst attacks on America by the way, on American citizens in history, let alone the largest massacre of Jews since the Holocaust.What have we done?We're not living in a post-October 7th world as Americans right now. Our policy is still in October 6th. $10 billion being made available to Iran right now. It's been confirmed. They're processing transactions for this regime subsidizing their budget.Why would we be subsidizing the terrorism we see before us? And remember, it's not just Hamas in Gaza. The Houthis you mentioned in Yemen, those missile attacks, the drones, the attacks on US Navy forces. This is all Iran.The attacks on US forces in Iraq and Syria. Who is directing those? Iran. Hezbollah's daily fire against the Israelis out of southern Lebanon -- missiles, shells, anti-tank missiles, you name it. Drones coming in -- all Iran. And we're funding this? We're funding both sides of this war? It's completely insane.LEVIN: And by the way, Richard is with a wonderful group, Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, senior adviser. He served as a senior official in the National Security Council under President Trump.So the Biden foreign policy to me in the Middle East is, as I've said before the policy of an arsonist, that is to light up the place. And yet he goes public, and he says, he doesn't blame Iran. He never, never attacks the dictator who runs Iran, never tells them to cool it on their civilians, never tells them to cut it out to do anything.He is focused on Netanyahu. He is focused on the Orthodox parties that make up part of his government. He is constantly making public statements against the IDF that they are indiscriminately bombing in Gaza, while he is funding the enemy.I have a question for you, Richard Goldberg -- Biden, Blinken, Sullivan, all the reprobates, don't they have some responsibility for what's taking place in the Middle East? Don't they have some responsibility for October 7th? Don't they have some responsibility for civilian deaths?They just fund it? And they turn around and they blame Israel. What do you make of this?GOLDBERG: This money has been flowing since at least May. That is when the Biden administration entered into an unacknowledged nuclear deal with this regime.It started in May. They started issuing waivers in June and July, $10 billion, then $6 billion we know about and the ransom payment out of South Korea. The money that they're getting from oil flowing to China, and then we're suddenly surprised that their terror budgets go up.Meanwhile, their nuclear program continues to advance whatever they think they're getting by paying this regime. They're not getting it. They're sitting on the nuclear threshold.It is time for us to lock down this money. The House of Representatives has passed the bill to do that. It's now on the Senate to take it up.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.And Richard Goldberg, Foundation for Defense of Democracies senior adviser, where is the outrage that we have an American president doing something no president has ever done in American history, maybe nowhere, that is fund our enemy, a terrorist regime that's killed American soldiers, that has maimed American soldiers, that is trying to kill American soldiers today, that is trying to build nukes to aim the missiles at us. Where is the outrage?GOLDBERG: Well, remember, Mark, it's not just funding both sides of the war that we see play out in Gaza against Hamas, it is also funding both sides of the war in Russia and Ukraine, because Iran is taking some of that money and using it to send drones. We think maybe now soon, short-range ballistic missiles to Russia, to use against Ukraine as well. So, it is completely outrageous on every front.But let's remember, this is a backwards policy-oriented administration on every level. They have been funding a billion dollars since they took office into the UN Relief and Works Agency, or UNRWA, as they call it. This is the so-called refugee agency for Palestinians, about 40 percent of that goes into Gaza, completely as we've seen complicit in all the war crimes of Hamas.People on the payroll are Hamas, people on the payroll of UNRWA have actually been holding hostages we've now learned, let alone using their schools and their hospitals and other facilities to store weapons and launch attacks against Israel. So that's been funding terrorism with that money flowing into Gaza.We've seen money coming out of this administration trying to bypass US laws, trying to fund indirectly the Palestinian Authority, while it still pays people to carry out terrorist attacks against Israel.So whether it's Iran, whether it's the Palestinian Authority, whether it's Hamas in Gaza, we have seen a completely backward strategy from this administration in the Middle East.Now, okay, we can I guess, forgive that somehow. We all criticized it. We said this is going to lead to terrorist attacks and bad things, and then October 7th happened. You would think at least after October 7th and the horrific images that we saw, you would have a moment of reflections to reset your policies and say, maybe we should lock down the money going to Iran, maybe we shouldn't be funding UN agencies that work with terrorists and put terrorists on the payroll, maybe we shouldn't be empowering a Palestinian Authority that tries to foment terrorism against Israel.And yet, we still see October 6th policies in effect in this post-October 7 world. It has to change. President Biden's not going to change it on his own. Congress has to force his hand.The House has taken up legislation, we need the Senate to pass that bill, The No Funds for Iranian Terrorism Act would be a major first step to force the president's hands to lock down the money.LEVIN: You know, Richard Goldberg, I listen to this and I'm astonished that we have to have Congress pass a law or something on a budget to prevent the president of the United States from funding our enemy.I've never heard of anything or seen anything like this, and yet, it will not be discussed on MSNBC, it will not be discussed on CNN, it will not be discussed in any serious way in "The New York Times" or "The Washington Post." We have a president of the United States that is literally funding our enemy, funding terrorism, directly and indirectly, while he is trying to topple the government in Israel because he has his personal animosity towards the prime minister.And while he's telling the Israelis, you can't really defeat Hamas. It's okay. You know, beat them up a little, and then pull back. And he and his administration take no responsibility for what they unleashed.And I want to thank you and the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies for the hard work you do to expose this.God bless you, my friend.GOLDBERG: Thank you, Mark. Happy Holidays. Merry Christmas to everyone.LEVIN: You, too. God bless.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Well, this will be my last show for the rest of the year. Don't be nervous. Everything's good. We have some great specials for you over the next two weekends that we've been working on, so please don't miss them.That said, I will be back next year. We'll be doing the same thing, same format. We will be exposing what needs to be exposed and explaining what needs to be explained.I want to thank you. I am blessed. Our whole crew is blessed because you are out there watching this program.I want to thank you because you're patriots. You are American citizens. As citizens, we are expected to be when this nation was founded.I could not be more proud that you come to this program on the weekends and watch it because I know you have a lot of other things you could be doing.God bless each and every one of you. Have a wonderful Christmas and a Happy New Year.Be safe. Be happy. Be healthy. And I'll see you then.