BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Walk took off in a pig trail, there you go, reunited. Tomorrow on Special Report, full coverage Super Tuesday races. Please join us for the special coverage begins 7 PM Eastern Time. We've got you covered. As always, fair, balanced, and unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Lawfare loses again. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.For years, they led themselves their viewers and all those suffering from TDS, Trump Derangement Syndrome, down the garden path. Now, once they branded January 6th as an insurrection, they believe they're off to the races. So, it was multiple attacks against Trump using the insurrection as a foundation that would result in him losing or in the Colorado case, they thought he'd never be on the ballot at all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He basically incited a violent insurrection of the United States Capitol.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump incited this insurrection. He wanted it to happen. He wanted the electoral count to stop.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We should read the Constitution as it is written and said, he should be removed from office Trump for the 14th Amendment.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But today, their faces told the story. They all look like they had lost their best friends. And they sounded defeated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Another body is -- I guess it's the same body, doesn't want to deal with the whole insurrection thing, doesn't want to deal with the extraordinary nature of what Trump did?EDDIE GLAUDE, MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST: What's the motivation behind it all? What are the fears that block it, block us from holding this man accountable? It's just shows that some people are above the law.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, I don't think it was a big win for America.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Unfortunately for America, the court isn't necessarily wrong, that this is the way the framers wanted it to be.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, the truth, of course, is these people don't trust the voters. And they don't much like the voters, at least not the 74 million who voted for Trump. Today, we really sought their anger and their hatred consume them. And any shred of common sense they once possessed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The court, in its two cases saying, what can we do to help Donald Trump. We are going to make sure that this will only be decided not in a court of law, but in the court of spin and disinformation where Donald Trump lives, and that they will actually not be sort of legal accountability, because the court is removing that either in this decision, or in its immunity decision, because they basically are saying, we're not hearing that and we're not going to -- we're sitting on that. So, the chances of it going to court could be zero.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, this was the second piece of bad news in one week that the Left received from the Supreme Court. Now first, the court decided it was going to hear the presidential immunity case, which indefinitely delays Jack Smith's election interference case. And today, the court's unanimous ruling that individual states cannot bar candidates for federal office from their ballots, we have nine justices agree that states may disqualify persons holding or attempting to hold state office, but states have no power under the Constitution to enforce Section 3 with respect to federal offices, especially the presidency.Now, if you watched the Angle, when this thing was going down originally, you knew it was obvious. It's obvious to anyone with even a rudimentary understanding of our Constitution that this was going to go down this way. We even predicted, it would be unanimous. And hoping for otherwise, was just complete incompetence on their part from beginning to end.Now months ago, I suggested that Biden call off the goons and declare that he wanted Trump on the ballot and an honest election to go forward.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He should really call off the dogs in the DOJ, New York, Georgia, use all his influence to do that. It all has to stop.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: If Democrats had real president capable of making his own big decisions and a real executive staff with any sense of professionalism or respect for the Constitution, they would have nipped this in the bud from the beginning. And they say, Trump is a fanatic. Who are the real fanatics here?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)J. MICHAEL LUTTIG (RET.), FEDERAL JUDGE, U.S. COURT: This is the most pressing constitutional question of our times when is decided by the Supreme Court, it will be the single most important constitutional decision in all of our history. Yesterday's decision by the Colorado Supreme Court was masterful. It was brilliant.LAURENCE TRIBE, HARVARD LAW SCHOOL PROFESSOR: The fact that this ruling prevents this qualified people from running for office is nothing new.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It was a loser argument then, and had they not allowed their virulent anti-Trump views to cloud their judgment, they would have seen that. So, now these once respected legal minds, Larry Tribe, Mike Luttig, they just look like total nincompoops.The three judges in dissent on the Colorado Supreme Court in December had it exactly right. The decision to bar former President Donald J. Trump from Colorado's presidential primary ballot flies in the face of due process. In my view, what transpired in this litigation fell woefully short of what due process demands.And now, since the lawfare may not pay off. Well, the Democrats are just expeditiously -- expeditiously, excuse me, moving to plan B, win by any means necessary, including mucking up the vote by getting rid of voter ID. In one word, cheating.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MERRICK GARLAND, U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL: The right to vote is still under attack. And that is why the Justice Department is fighting back. That is why we are challenging efforts by states and jurisdictions to implement discriminatory, burdensome, and unnecessary restrictions on access to the ballot, including those related to mail in voting, the use of drop boxes and voter ID requirements.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, listening to Merrick Garland, it's entirely reasonable for people to conclude that Democrats will set up this scenario that allows them to collect just enough votes days or weeks after the election, of course, mail in ballots and then the big announcement, Biden pulls out a victory.It's entirely reasonable to surmise that the Attorney General of the United States wants to make it easier for illegal immigrants to vote. I mean, there's literally no other reason to oppose voter ID.Now, everything they do from now until Election Day will be designed to make it harder for us to track who actually voted. Now, why are they doing that? Well, we know why. And while they do this, they'll continue issuing their unhinged warnings about what's going to happen in a Trump second term.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think we absolutely should believe former President Trump and what he says he should do.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Right.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He would break the systems that I think are the power of America, I think he would undermine intelligence such that we would lose the great strength that it represents.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now remember, if he's a dictator in waiting, if he's an autocrat, they even called him Hitler. Of course, they're going to justify doing anything to stop Hitler to beat Hitler, anything. Now, the more I listen to these people, the more I think that the craziest among them are the old Bush-Cheney people. There will never be another election again. He'll put all of his critics in jail. It's going to be four years of vengeance and retribution. Right. And we're going to find those WMD in Iraq any day now.These globalists are all working themselves into such a frenzy that they can't see straight. The truth is, Democrats have nothing to offer the middle class. Check out this new poll by CBS YouGov. It shows that nearly two-thirds of registered voters said the economy under Trump was good compared to about 38 percent, who said the same for Biden's economy.Are all of those people insurrection sympathizers? Are they all enabling Hitler? Of course not. It's all ludicrous. But a piece in The New Yorker called Joe Biden's last campaign told us a lot, because from the reporting, it's clear that Biden is not going to change any of his disastrous policies to convince people to vote for him. Instead, the campaign is going to double down on their so-called Freedom Agenda, it's actually the opposite of freedom.By November, one strategist said that the focus will become overwhelmingly on democracy. I think the biggest images in people's minds are going to be of January 6th. Yes. They're going to show that video over and over again, forget making your life better.Now, how cynical is this. None of them actually believe anything they're saying. They don't believe Trump's Hitler. They don't believe he's never going to have another election. Because if they did think Trump would never hold another election again. My question to Liz Cheney and the whole gang, are you planning on leaving America? I'll tell you what they're going to do.If Trump wins in November, the next day, Newsom, Pritzker, and Whitmer will all be announcing their intentions to run for the presidency in 2028. Their campaigns will start organizing themselves. And to any Democrats out there who still care about this country, who care about preserving faith in the electoral process, I'm telling you, back away from this cliff, it's not Trump who's doing damage to America. Because the more you try to manipulate the vote count or extend voting for months before and days after the election, the more likely you're going to destroy the credibility of our elections. We'll be more of a global laughingstock than we are right now under Biden.In the end, the Supreme Court saved us at least for the moment. If they had been successful in striking Trump from the ballot, the resulting chaos would have continued for years, maybe decades and the Far Left, remember, was willing to risk that. Now that's disturbing. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Mike Davis, Founder and President of the Article III Project and former Gorsuch clerk; and David Schoen, former Trump Impeachment Lawyer. David, let's start with you, I think all of us predicted this would be a 9-0 decision. But we actually had these unhinged people who were once fairly well-respected legal minds, trying to get people to believe that this was their electoral nirvana. Trump was going to be off the ballot in all these Super Tuesday states and a couple of others and that he didn't even have to really run a campaign. How wild is that?DAVID SCHOEN, FORMER TRUMP IMPEACHMENT LAWYER: It's wild. But it's worse than that. It's a tremendous disservice. It's reckless. They're constitutionally tone deaf. And I never would have thought I'd say that about Professor Tribe, Judge Luttig. It's crazy. And when the oral arguments were going on, and they saw the way the tide was running, they said, well, the guy doing the argument is no good.Neither side did particularly great job on the arguments. The court decided this case, and the court came together. You know, President Trump gave a speech today, which he said he hopes this will bring the country together. I would hope so too, because it's a decision that fundamentally says, let's decide a presidential race at the ballot box. And that's the way it should be. Abe Lincoln said, people decide elections and that's the way it should be.This case broke down in two parts, basically, they said Section 5 of 14th Amendment requires Congress to pass enabling legislation, and that hasn't happened. Well, Jamie Raskin already is talking about trying to pass it down.INGRAHAM: I have that.SCHOEN: Too little, too late.INGRAHAM: Yes, I have that.SCHOEN: Anyway.INGRAHAM: Let me play that for Mike because this was quite something. The Supreme Court's not going to stop, Mike, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): I am working with a number of my colleagues, including Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Eric Swalwell to revive legislation that we had to set up a process by which we could determine that someone who committed insurrection is disqualified by Section 3 of the 14th Amendment. And the House of Representatives already impeached Donald Trump for participating in insurrection by inciting it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mike, whether it's trying to get rid of voter ID laws to protect the integrity of the vote or trying to nullify the Supreme Court's decision. They just simply don't want a regular, verified credible election at this point. Doesn't seem like it.MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: Yes, this is absolutely insane that these Democrats after losing nine to nothing in the Supreme Court, they lost Justice Sotomayor, that's how bad their case was and now they think that they're just going to ignore the Supreme Court and have House Democrats just disqualify President Trump. Nothing screams democracy, like disregarding the will of American voters and disregarding a nine to nothing decision of the Supreme Court.INGRAHAM: The court also in its precordium (ph) decision today, wrote that disruption would be all the more acute and could nullify the votes of millions and change the election result of Section 3 enforcement were attempted, after the nation has voted, nothing in the Constitution requires that we endure such chaos arriving at any time or different times, up to and perhaps beyond the inauguration.David, is this a warning to the states not to try anything, it seems like after the election. I was actually heartened by the court went that far, by the fact that they went that far.SCHOEN: I think it's very important that they did and put another particular reason, I disagreed with the Trump team's argument that -- it's an accurate argument textually, but I didn't think they should have made it that Section 3 really just bars one from holding office, not being on the ballot. We don't want to see after the election, an effort by Jamie Raskin or whoever else to remove President Trump from the ballot if he wins the election. I think it'd be too little too late anyway. But no, I think it was an important statement by the court.INGRAHAM: Now, Mike, I want to go back to the Merrick Garland entreaty in that church over the weekend, where again, he reiterated the Justice Department's opposition to state voter ID laws. And in somewhere it was written, I can't remember. Forgive me, somewhere on one of the publications online, that it was very patronizing and frankly, insulting to many of the people in attendance who thought, wait a second, is he think we don't -- we're not intelligent enough to have a voter ID. I mean, it's just cynical.DAVIS: I mean, imagine how -- I mean just think about how racist that sounds that the Attorney General of the United States goes into a black church and pretends like they don't have the wherewithal to get a voter ID in America like every other American.They are using black Americans here. And this is about their ability to rig elections and steal elections. And I think that these states, these Republican lawyers need to start filing lawsuits and getting injunctions right now on voter ID, on signature verification, on all mail ballots, on election observers, so we don't have the election rigged again like it was in 2020.INGRAHAM: Well, I think that we're focusing on 2024 and I think, and David, you can chime in on this. To me, it is essential that vote -- the vote is - - wraps up within at the latest 24 hours after the polls closed. This idea that we're not going to learn perhaps for two weeks until, you know until whenever they decide they're going to close the big black box where all the votes are, that we're not going to learn about who wins until days or maybe weeks after the election. How is that America?SCHOEN: No, I think you're absolutely right. You know, the whole landscape has changed. We do have (inaudible), the absentee ballots, the overseas ballots, servicemen and all that, but you're not really talking about that, because that generally doesn't make a difference. You mean election integrity, you mean counting the ballots that have been cast in a timely fashion, so we know who won an election or if it has to be recount, then there's going to be a recount.INGRAHAM: Yes, we're not re-litigating 2020, rigged, not rigged. We're focusing on 2024 and they have got to get this straight. Mike and David, thank you. All right. It's a giant disappearing act for Joe Biden's political base. So, who are they turning to? We're going to examine it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: President Biden, number one, stop weaponization. Fight your fight yourself. Don't use prosecutors and judges to go after your opponent to try and damage your opponent, so you can win an election. Our country is much bigger than that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That was his best moment tonight and I think for a few nights. Unite the country, let's just have an election, maybe a few debates. It'll all be OK. We'll unite, we'll go on, and we'll grow the economy. Make America stronger. People want to hear that. And on the eve of Super Tuesday, we're learning that Biden is hemorrhaging support, this stunned even me from the people who voted him into office.Now four years ago, it looked pretty good for Biden, but not now. And those votes are not going to any other Democrat as we know, because according to a new poll by The New York Times and Siena College, Trump is winning 97 percent of those who voted for him in 2020 and virtually none of his past supporters said that they're going to be casting a ballot for Biden and Bidenomics. In contrast, Biden is winning only 83 percent of his 2020 voters with 10 percent saying, they now back Trump.Joining me now, Ben Domenech, Fox News Contributor, Editor-at-Large of The Spectator, and Chris Bedford, Senior Contributor at The Federalist. Ben, as you and I and all of us were kind of mentioning during the break, I remember all of the caterwauling after January 6th, and after Biden was sworn into office, the party, the Republican Party was blown up by Donald Trump and populism is dead and the old Bush-Cheney types are coming back. What happened?BEN DOMENECH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, I think there are a number of different things that happened. But one of the things that we have to appreciate about what's going on right now, is that Joe Biden has been incapable, even with his progressive agenda of holding on to the Far Left in his own party. That's how wacko they really are. That's how crazy they really are.We saw this in Michigan with the protest vote that we had there. But it's really, this pushback that's coming from the progressives within his party coalition, who are not willing to basically have any kind of moderation, any kind of shift toward the middle in any real respect, and because of that, I think that you see the dynamic that is current across the country right now, where Donald Trump is holding on to his voters, he's going to continue to hold on to those voters, he just needs to expand a little bit in order to be able to have a path back to the White House.INGRAHAM: Well, Eric Swalwell was asked about this stunning poll, Chris, that 74 percent of the country thinks that the economy is fair or poor. That is a nightmare. Now, he used the term breathing room, listen carefully.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ERIC SWALWELL (D-CA): Our economy has a comeback story. We've got to start telling that story. Wage workers who may not have seen that 24 percent growth last year in the stock market, they want you to talk to the heart and to the gut, and they're looking at a phrase that I hear all the time, from friends and family, which is breathing room.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes. They're on life support and they're talking about breathing room. What is that? They're running out of spin.CHRIS BEDFORD, SENIOR CONTRIBUTOR, THE FEDERALIST: And for the entire time, Democrats have really been focused on just trying to change their messaging. They think that they tweak this that people won't notice that Biden is old. If they message this way, they won't realize that their grocery bills have skyrocketed, that all of their bills have skyrocketed, that there's less money in their pocket that dad can't find a job as easily as it could before, if at all. It's not a messaging problem. It's a policy problem.And at the same time their messaging on Donald Trump seems has failed. I mean they painted him as Hitler, as Godzilla, as anything, this monster and people are looking back and saying with a little bit of a distance between them and the Twitter fights and saying, what exactly was the problem here, and that's why you start to see 10 percent of people who voted for Joe Biden, don't say they're not going to vote for him. They say they're going to vote for Donald Trump, because they did try to make it a social contagion, an awful thing to be a Trump supporter. I think more and more people are comfortable saying it.INGRAHAM: Yes. Ben, if they really think Trump's Hitler, he'll never have another election again. They all should be running for the Hills, right?DOMENECH: Yes.INGRAHAM: Their time for a moving, get a new passport, get foreign property. The fact is none of them actually --DOMENECH: None of them are doing that.INGRAHAM: -- pulling that. Do they?DOMENECH: They lie about that every single time, and they pretend like they're going to be running for the Hills. And look, the thing that is so crazy in retrospect about this is, we were sold this idea that he was chaotic, that he was going to upset the applecart that nothing would -- the last election was going to happen or something like that.And instead, with as Chris said, the distance of time, we actually see that this presidency is more chaotic, this presidency actually has more chaos and problems and a world that seems more tilting off of its axis than anything that we experienced in the previous four years. And that's one of the big reasons that people are reassessing where they stand.INGRAHAM: Basic sense of fairness. I think people have a -- it just feels wrong. Everything that's going on illegally against him just feels like they're making him a target. It doesn't matter what the Constitution says. It doesn't matter what the law requires. Proof any of that. They said he was an insurrectionist and that's all it was.BEDFORD: And it started as soon as he came into office. And at first, I think the American people wanted to give the benefit of the doubt. When the FBI comes out and says, well, I think there's a Russian spy. They say, wow, this must be really serious. And it turned out that it was all fraudulent. By the time they're raiding Mar-a-Lago, by the time their cases are collapsing in on themselves one at a time, by the time the prosecutors are exposed as corrupt people who aren't even very good at the law.DOMENECH: Nine to zero at the Supreme Court. You can't argue in on the --INGRAHAM: They tried.DOMENECH: -- opposite side of this anymore --INGRAHAM: They tried today.DOMENECH: -- they tried, but they failed --INGRAHAM: They still try today. They were still trying.(CROSSTALK)BEDFORD: They want to abolish the court.DOMENECH: Yes. IINGRAHAM: All right, Ben and Chris, great to see both of you on set tonight. All right, coming up, dead bodies out of control crime, and migrants invading his property. We're going to talk to an Arizona rancher who has the details of what he deals with on almost a daily basis, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: After two consecutive disappointments at the Supreme Court, the Biden administration apparently going for a third. It's now asking the Supreme Court to intervene on an emergency basis to block Texas from enforcing a law allowing them to arrest illegals crossing the border. Joining me now with an update live from Eagle Pass is Fox's own Griff Jenkins. Griff, what can you tell us?GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, good evening, Laura. And Texans are watching what's happening. The high court has halted Texas's law from taking effect until March 12th of next week after the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the law. This Texas law made it illegal to cross into Texas from Mexico.It was a class B misdemeanor for first time offenders, punishable by six months in jail. A second-degree felony for repeat offenders, punishable up to 20 years. And it would require Texas judges to return migrants to Mexico if they were convicted.Now, if you go and take a look at our drone in the sky, you can see it's all part of Texas Governor Greg Abbott's efforts to drop the numbers dramatically from crossing here. And that's exactly what the miles of this razor wire and these containers have done. Eagle Pass is part of the Del Rio sector, Laura. It is among the lowest.However, take a look at this video we shot earlier. Some migrants are still getting through, here, right where we're standing, Laura. We had a dozen migrants come through there from Venezuela and Colombia. They got underneath a gate that's holding up the wire and they were taken into custody. But that is because the numbers are low here out west.It's the highest we're learning tonight. There were more than 12,000 migrant -- 21,000 migrant encounters in the last 72 hours. That's 7,000 in the past three days, an uptick for the spring. And it is certainly one that is looking like it could be a record breaking one.In fact, we're also learning in February of the 141,000 migrant encounters, 70 percent were out west in Arizona, and in California, that San Diego sector. And only 29.8 percent were in the Texas area.This after Biden's visit to the border in Brownsville, where he was accompanied by the current border patrol chief. But we're learning the previous border patrol chief, Raul Ortiz, says he never once was contacted by President Biden. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I've never had one conversation with the president or the vice president for that matter. And so, I was the chief of the border patrol. I commanded 21,000 people. That's a problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)JENKINS: And that was after Ortiz was on shift during the Haitian crisis under that bridge in Del Rio, the horse whipping incident at the end of Title 42. Finally, I'll leave you with this, Laura. Our sources tell us that the current chief, Owens, who of course gave the tour to Biden on Thursday last week in Brownsville, that's the first time he had met President Biden. Laura?INGRAHAM: Wow. Griff, thank you so much. And now on to John Ladd. He's a fourth-generation cattle rancher from Arizona whose property spans 10 and a half miles along the US-Mexico border. And he joins me now.John, I have been reading some of your comments about what you come across on your own property with illegals crossing over your property every day of every week. Is it true that you've actually found dead bodies and how many?JOHN LADD, 4TH GENERATION ARIZONA CATTLE RANCHER: Well, we found 17 over the last 30 years. And thank you for having me.INGRAHAM: Well, what have you found since the Biden folks have taken over the border? Obviously, a completely different approach than Donald Trump had, which was to turn people back at the border, Title 42.How bad have things gotten for people who own land along the border?LADD: Oh, this is the worst it's ever been, even though the numbers don't match what it was before Donald Trump. Donald Trump had the border figured out. And the four years he was president, it was almost non-existent for us. We got spoiled.As soon as Biden took office, we had groups at the house again. We had cut fences. It's been a 24-hour nightmare with Biden being president.INGRAHAM: Well, the thing that I've noticed and I noticed it when I was down in Del Rio and in Eagle Pass, and it might seem like it's nothing to people because they're thinking of it's a lot of hardship and, obviously, death and suffering of people. But the trash that you guys had to pick up is stunning. All these environmentalists and there's trash everywhere.LADD: Yeah. And the environmentalists don't even want to talk about it. But the big thing that we have, we don't have the give ups, the asylum seekers. We have the illegals are in full camouflage and carpet shoes. They don't want to get caught.And about two thirds of them down here are getaways because of what Biden did to Border Patrol and removing the agents off of the border to go process the illegals coming from other sectors.INGRAHAM: You've also commented about something that a lot of people have read about but don't believe, which are rape trees. What is a rape tree?LADD: Every woman that comes across the border gets raped, and then the cartel people hang their underwear a tree as a trophy status. That every woman down here gets raped coming across the border.INGRAHAM: Have you seen the women's underwear on a tree on your property?LADD: Well, that picture's for -- yeah, it's pretty regular event.INGRAHAM: I mean, women across the country, mothers across the country, this is not humane. This is being sold, John, as humane, letting people come into the country because they're seeking a better life. How is this humane? Forget being fair to you as a cattle rancher. How is it humane?LADD: Well, it isn't. That's a hypocrisy of what Biden talks about. But when the illegals gather up across the line, there's a border town of Naco, Sonora, and they get their package deal or the camo and the carpet shoes, baklavas. Well, the women, it's already prearranged. They have a packet of birth control that -- they buy it, but it's a one stop shop where you get everything you need to cross the border.INGRAHAM: John, thank you for telling your story and we wish you the best of luck. It is brutal for the ranchers and we've heard this story before, but it never gets any easier to hear. Thank you, John.A crisis that I've been warning about for years is here. Find out if your neighborhood is affected, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They'll try to defund the police and then embolden criminals. The rise in crime comes as police funding is being cut. The results speak for themselves. Police forces are being hollowed out by lagging recruitment and early retirements.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, the warning signs have been there for years. It only got worse after the summer of love and George Floyd. Yet, nothing has been done to fix the police recruiting crisis across the country. It's getting worse in Pittsburgh. Sometimes they don't even respond to 911 calls.Some of them are handled by a telephone unit, whatever that means, instead of having police physically go to the location. And in Houston, they just stopped investigating certain crimes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Houston police now say 264,000 criminal cases were never investigated, accounting for roughly 10 percent of all incident reports filed with HPD in the past eight years.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: By the way, that includes 4,017 cases of alleged sexual assault. And in Austin, after $150 million was cut from its budget during the defund the police era, there are new warnings that the city is on the brink of disaster.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Police are sounding the alarm. Homicide rates hitting new highs over the last three years as their force grapples with a staffing crisis.Things are so tight, for a few hours on a recent Saturday, an entire section of East Austin had zero patrol officers on duty.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The no man's land out there. Joining me now, Joe Gamaldi, vice president of Fraternal Order of Police. Joe, we warned that this is exactly what would happen. And now keep it weird in Austin, apparently means keep it dangerous.So, this is going to affect real people and put real lives in jeopardy as it already is.JOE GAMALDI, FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE VICE PRESIDENT: Yeah, the defund movement in Austin has been an unmitigated disaster. They defunded their department by $150 million. The next year, they had their highest murder rate in recorded history. Aggravated assaults are up 18 percent. Car thefts are up 77 percent. And their response times to emergencies were up to 10 minutes.And there's no help coming on the way here, folks. They're down 600 officers. They've been hemorrhaging people. They can't recruit. And do you really blame them? I mean, if you had a city council and a local congressman, Greg Casar, who treat officers like scum, why the hell would you take that job?And this council -- this congressman, Greg Casar, he's a real peach. He loudly and proudly supported defunding the police. But here's the rub. When crime went up in his neighborhood, he wanted additional patrols there. So, he doesn't give a damn about you, but he wants to make sure his family is taken care of.They're all hypocrites and they don't give a damn about the residents in Austin.INGRAHAM: Now, there's a short-staffed police department in Northern California has residents really worried, so worried they may do something really drastic. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There's a lot of people that are wanting to sue for the lack of response. People are feeling like the stress and anxiety and danger they feel like they're in. Happen so bad that multiple individuals have indicated that they are intending to move because of the lack of response to calls for issues like domestic violence and restraining orders.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joe, I mean, if people aren't going out to the gun range to get trained up, armed up, they're just trying to move to a place where they're actually safe and their family's safe. That's common sense, isn't it, at this point?GAMALDI: We, of course, because they want their families to be protected. And just so you know, folks, if your community, if your city council, if you're elected officials don't support law enforcement, it's only going to get worse. I mean, recruitment is in the tank.New Jersey applications are down 90 percent. In Illinois, they're down 80 percent. Retirements are up 45 percent. Resignations are up 25 percent. So, you're going to continue to see the erosion of services.But you know where they're not having recruiting problems? Where you have communities that actually support police officers, that don't treat their officers like crap, who actually treat them fairly.So, I would encourage residents, if you're not willing to arm yourself with a weapon to defend your home and your property, at least move to a community that's going to support law enforcement because we'll be there to protect you.INGRAHAM: Yeah, that's what Ron DeSantis said in Florida. He said, move here. I mean, I went to the Daytona, I think it was the Daytona Police Academy. They have lots -- I was at one of their recruiting events. It was amazing. There were so many young people. It was awesome. And people have to get that in their own communities.Joe, you have a lot of energy. I love it. Thank you. All right. Teen crime, speaking of crime, spiraling out of control. Where are the parents? Where are the values? We're going to examine it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Another case of out-of-control teens, violent, raging and posting it all online. Joining me now with all the details about what we just saw over the weekend is Fox News senior national correspondent, Kevin Corke. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: This is really something, Laura. And it's frankly playing out increasingly right in front of our eyes by way of social media. For example, take a look at this. A couple of teens in California breaking into an unfinished $2 billion NBA arena, middle of the night, shooting some hoops all for the world to see by way of TikTok. Sporting pajamas and Crocs, the teens have been identified, but they didn't even really try to hide their identities. No word on possible charges.Also in the Southland, increasing number of teens using an electronic key cloning device to steal Chevy Camaros. So often, in fact, that car thefts of Camaros, specifically, are up over a thousand percent compared to last year. Cops say increasingly this is fueling something called street takeovers, you know, where the youngsters spin out and they burn out. They wild out in intersections until the cops come. Then, of course, they peel out.Worse, there have been a number of shooting incidents across the country involving teens of late in the state of Georgia. The opening of Six Flags marred Saturday by a chaotic scene involving fights breaking out, then a shooting that injured a 15-year-old. Cops, by the way, say they were fired at first from the crowd leaving the park and the teen was hit in the return fire.Finally, in Texas, a 15-year-old boy has been arrested in the fatal shooting of an Uber driver there. The boy, whose name has not yet been released because of his age, faces capital murder charges in the death of a 25-year-old man who was shot while driving an Uber. He crashed his car after being injured.And Laura, this is exactly what we talk about when we say something is happening in the families across the country. And crime since 2020, is exploding everywhere.INGRAHAM: Well, again, there's no accountability.CORKE: That's the problem.INGRAHAM: No supervision.CORKE: Yeah.INGRAHAM: I don't know who's teaching them values.CORKE: Right.INGRAHAM: No accountability. They don't have any fear. The fact that they were dribbling the basketball, and in their Crocs and pajamas when they -- send me a memo and that trend ends, and then they're fine.CORKE: Yeah. And they're not afraid of anything happening. And that's the real issue that's happening, not just in L.A., but it's everywhere.INGRAHAM: Awful. Kevin, thank you so much.CORKE: You bet.INGRAHAM: And if you couldn't tell, the kids aren't all right. Children need consequences, as we said. They need adults to step in, stop the nonsense. Instead, adults are validating and sometimes even encouraging these sick and twisted acts, like in Oklahoma, where someone at Deer Creek High School signed off on this disturbing act.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This video shows Deer Creek High School students licking toes at a fundraising event, Thursday. We have blurred their faces to hide their identity.UNKNOWN: It is devouring.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I don't even know what to say at this point. It's time to sign off. The school says that this was all for a fundraiser and that all the students volunteered. They even celebrated the success of the event, calling it a momentous accomplishment.Joining me now is Abigail Shrier, author of Bad Therapy. Abigail, I mean, again, adults who are themselves infantilized, want to stay as kids, and be friends with their kids, encourage this? I mean, I don't even -- I honestly, I'm without words right now, so take it away.ABIGAIL SHRIER, AUTHOR: You know, we have seen an undermining of parental authority like we've never seen before. They let all these experts in the door, and some of these experts were mental health experts.They have over-diagnosed, overtreated an entire generation. These kids are so focused on their own feelings. They're so dysregulated. They're so focused inward. It's making them sadder, sicker and more afraid to grow up.INGRAHAM: And the idea, though, that -- I would go back to the toe licking thing for a moment. The idea that any adult on Earth would think that was a good thing for kids. And we were looking for parents to put on the show tonight. Not that we don't love you. We love you.But a parent like -- I can't imagine there aren't parents out there saying, what? What happened? We couldn't find any parents. Now, maybe they're all anonymous. I don't know. But the point is, this is some twisted stuff.On top of that, all the stuff that Kevin just talked about in his report, wilding's out of control kids committing acts of violence. No consequences. Don't care.SHRIER: That's right. There's no substitute for parental authority. And, you know, there was this fascinating finding that I think is related, which is that, you know, apparently, although teen girls have the worst mental health, teen boys from liberal families had worse mental health than teen girls from conservative mental health -- from conservative families.And that's not social media. Teen girls are on way more social media. That's parental authority, teaching kids right from wrong, focusing them outward, not inward, things they can do in this world. That's all very, very good for mental health. And we're not doing enough of it.INGRAHAM: Well, this is an issue that the Angle is going to stay on. The kids, parenting, we do politics, but the culture, it all -- it all kind of filters down from the culture. Abigail, you've been on this from the beginning. Thank you so much.And people think I'm weird because Kevin, Kevin is still sitting here. My kids don't get phones until they're 15. You should see the looks I get. I mean, people think I'm just an oddball.CORKE: You're smart. You're protecting them because they're kids. They're not ready as much as people think.INGRAHAM: No, it's a big waste of time. Tomorrow, Super Tuesday coverage. You'll see me, starts at 7 P.M. So, the Angle won't be on, but you'll see me throughout the night for political analysis. Jesse is next.