BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Special Counsel Robert Hur testifies on his report that ultimately led to no criminal charges against President Biden for storing classified documents in his garage and office. We're going to have complete coverage of that. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Hi, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. As always, thanks for being with us. Apology to a killer. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, once in a while, Biden lets his old self slip out and he says something that he'd say when he and his party used to actually be a little bit sensible.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Lincoln (sic) Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal. That's right. But how many of thousands of people being killed by illegals.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The upset in his party and the press was immediate, and it wasn't about the poor young woman murdered by a man Biden's people led into the country, but it was about the nomenclature that Biden used.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He probably should have used a different word, nothing he would know that.SEN. LAPHONZA BUTLER (D-CA): I don't believe that is the language that I believe that he believes in his heart about immigrant people who find their way to this country to make a better life for themselves.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Using the word an illegal like that shows a generational difference between most -- Joe Biden, his age, and a lot of other people in the room.REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): He should have used the word, undocumented. I don't believe that the President's heart is with the word, illegal.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, Biden's minor deviation from Left-wing orthodoxy demanded a clear recantation. All they needed was a friendly forum.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You used the word illegal when talking about the man who allegedly killed Laken Riley --BIDEN: Undocumented. Undocumented person. And I shouldn't have used illegal, it's undocumented. I'm not going to treat any, any, any of these people with disrespect.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, you regret using that word.BIDEN: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now to most folks this came across as our president apologizing for offending the sensibility of a murderer. Well, the majority of Americans are offended by the open border that brings drugs and death across our border every day. Thank you very much. And where's our apology, Mr. President?Of course, realizing that they've stepped in it again, the White House is now denying he ever apologized.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OLIVIA DALTON, WHITE HOUSE PRINCIPAL DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY: First of all, I want to be really clear about something, the President absolutely did not apologize. There was no apology anywhere in that conversation. He did not apologize. He used a different word.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He used a different word. What? Well, just when I thought they couldn't look more idiotic, they always seem to outdo themselves. Now the truth is, even if the cognitively impaired Biden, he knows that the term illegal was accurate. Many of them are not eligible for asylum overwhelmingly, they're not eligible for asylum. They're just here for economic reasons. Now, tough talk on illegal immigration. It used to be the norm among Democrats.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARACK OBAMA (D), 44TH U.S. PRESIDENT: I think the American people, they appreciate and believe in immigration. But they can't have a situation where you just have half a million people pouring over the border without any kind of mechanism to control it.BILL CLINTON (D), 42ND U.S. PRESIDENT: All Americans are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country. It is wrong and ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years, and we must do more to stop it.BIDEN: 15 years, now we're going to be saying, what are we going to do about the flow of illegals into the country of the United States of America?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now 1995, that was Biden at the end, by the way. And even as recently as 2009, when Democrats still cared about working class Americans. Democrats cared about their jobs, working class jobs and the safety of all of us, but not now. For Democrats, Americans killed or otherwise brutalized by illegal aliens are just now collateral damage. If Americans lose their jobs or have wages lowered because of illegal aliens, or foreign workers, too bad.The Left and their media protectorate want as many illegals waved into America as possible. And the term illegal is accurate, but they don't like clear language, because it mucks up their plans.Lately, Republicans have done a very good job of outing Democrats on this issue. If an illegal is charged with a violent crime, Democrats have decided they don't think that ICE should be forced to even detain them.For Democrats, unlimited immigration means unlimited political power. First, they believe illegals are future Democrat voters inevitably some will even try to vote this November or be encouraged even to vote. And second, illegals are counted in the census meaning that for all those states like California, Illinois, New York that have been losing population, illegals could stabilize or even add to the representation in those states and Congress.So, when Senate Republicans on Friday tried to stop non-citizens from being counted in the Electoral College, not a single Senate Democrat joined them. More illegals, more House seats for Democrats. That's their thinking.Now, as Biden was doing his mea culpa, that wasn't really an apology for using the word, illegal. Donald Trump smartly jumped on the issue and met with Laken Riley's family before his speech in Georgia.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: When I say he was an illegal alien, he was an illegal immigrant. He was an illegal migrant, and he shouldn't have been in our country, and he never would have been under the Trump policy. And Biden should be apologizing for apologizing to this killer.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Biden's campaign staff enforcing him to apologize made a mistake here. The far-Left and the open borders radicals, they may be offended by the term, illegal. But overall voter sentiment on this border crisis issue is starkly with Donald Trump. Eight in 10, voters now feel the situation is either an emergency or a major problem at the border, only two in 10 say it's a minor issue. Seven in 10 voters say the White House has mostly failed on border security.Now more Americans will be killed because of Biden's open border. More of them will die from drug overdoses as well. More illegal alien children will be trafficked. More sexual abuse and rape of women by cartels shuttling them across the border. And this new brand of the Democratic Party doesn't give a rip. This is a raw power grab, don't think it's anything different. And it's a raw deal for hardworking Americans. As it stands now, his old line, I'm just a guy from Scranton has never seemed more phony. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Victor Davis Hanson, Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution. Victor, listening to those clips that are as recent as 2009 with Obama and then going back to 95, with Clinton, and then 2006 With Biden himself. They really understood what -- they understood what was at stake. It was a much more of a working-class Democrat party there. So, what went wrong?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Well, I think what went wrong is they flipped California, it will never have a governor like Reagan or Pete Wilson or George Mason or even Arnold Schwarzenegger. They flipped New Mexico, they flipped Nevada, they flipped Colorado through demographic changes, and they found a lot of political opportunism there. And that's why they changed. And that this policy is not because of laxity or naivete, it's deliberate.And the only thing that will change, Laura, is if in the next election, those Latino voters 51 percent Trump, they will close the border in a nanosecond.INGRAHAM: So, right now, the Biden administration sees that this is hurting them in the polls. There's no doubt about it. I mean, you can't deny every, every poll that I've seen shows this is a nightmare for Democrats. Is it big donors and the plutocrats that are giving them so much money, also having a big effect on this policy?HANSON: Yes, I think it does. That was the idea of the first three years. They felt that all the money that was coming in from the Left and all the media attention would shield them from the consequences of their crazy ideology. But now, because it's such a pressing issue, and the elections coming up, it's part of a general turnabout, you see it with crime, you see it with energy, you see it a little bit in foreign policy, they understand that their agenda is not what people want. They want to shift as radically and quickly as they can before November. And I hope people have a long memory.INGRAHAM: Yes, well, when you look at this, again, the individuals who've been brutalized, like this New York City nurse who spoke out and you get the sense, Victor, that a lot of these people are not political. This is just a common sense response. So, she says that she was attacked by an illegal alien and blames the soft on crime policies for it. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHELSEA MORA, NEW YORK CITY NURSE: I think these soft on crime laws that are being implemented aren't helping us like citizens of New York aren't helping healthcare staff in dealing with these types of criminals. Certain percentage is definitely should be blamed on the border crisis. I was pretty disheartening to find out that he was illegally here in this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Again, these are just a handful of the stories, Victor, that you and I have been talking about. We've been talking about this for many years. But it's much worse now because the sheer volume of criminals coming across the border with fewer police. So that's a terrible mixture.HANSON: It is, I mean, it's historically a characteristic, Laura, of the Left that they love humanity in the abstract, but they don't really care about humans in the concrete, they're seen as collateral damage that are sacrificed to this noble agenda. So, all of these increasing cases really worry them, because usually, they just say, well, we have to make Left-wing omelet and we're going to have to break some eggs. But now there's so many of them and they're so tragic and the people are so angry about it. They don't know quite what to do.Their ideology says keep the border open, and the reality says we've got to -- we've got to make up excuses. So, they're kind of schizophrenic. And that's why Joe Biden says one thing one day, one thing the next. Ideology says, don't use the word alien, reality says that's what they are. They're illegal aliens. So, they're mixed up on it, and I think it's going to hurt him in November.INGRAHAM: Yes, I mean -- but you're right, I think it has to be such an overwhelming loss for them and Senate House presidency. Otherwise, they're fanatics and they're open borders zealots. I mean, but I've got to play this. This is Biden's own FBI Director, Victor, who was on Capitol Hill today, talking about who's smuggling at the border and what entity might be benefiting. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FBI: There is a particular network that has worked some of the overseas facilitators of the smuggling network have ISIS ties, that we're very concerned about.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): So, is there a network we're concerned about that has facilitators involved in it that have ties to ISIS?WRAY: Correct.RUBIO: Terrorist organization.WRAY: Correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Victor, they used to say, we have to fight them over there, so they don't -- we don't have to fight them over here. And we're going to have Rubio on a few minutes about another issue, TikTok, which is another national security issue. But what happened to that, Victor? We spent all that money, trillions in Iraq and Afghanistan.HANSON: Well, I mean -- yes. They don't believe in deterrence. So, they think the more supposed magnanimity, they show Mexico or Obrador or they don't really press the cartels, they're going to be rewarded by some cooperation. And they don't see that the cartels, the smugglers, the Obrador, the Mexican government looks at all of this as weakness, to be exploited not to be reciprocated with friendship. And that's a true -- that's true of their whole worldview, as we saw from Afghanistan to the Chinese balloon to Hamas.And these people are taking advantage of -- they ridicule us, they have more respect when we close the border than they actually in a weird way, like us better, because they feel that we're equals or something. But now we're almost considered children, and they're going to keep doing it and keep doing it. And a lot of people are going to die. And that's what's so tragic about. They pose as humanitarians, but they're very vicious people in their indifference to individual death and tragedy.INGRAHAM: Victor, someone said to me the other day, this is like the Willie Horton of this campaign. What was done to that poor nurse Laken Riley and they're claiming they didn't apologize when they did. It's regret, not an apology. I think they're digging themselves into a big hole. Do you agree or am I overstating this?HANSON: No, absolutely, absolutely. No, absolutely. When he said Lincoln (sic) [Laken] Riley, he identified the USC football coach. That's how much he -- I mean, he didn't even take an extra minute or two. He had a button to remind him that -- what her name was, and he couldn't even follow that script. They didn't really have any empathy at all for that tragic, that tragic murder.And it happens every day. I live in ground zero of illegal immigration. I can see it every day, hit and run accidents, murderers, and no one seems to care as long as they're protected, this bicoastal elite has shielded from - - by their zip codes, their influence and their money.INGRAHAM: Well, Victor, we appreciate you. Thank you. Coming up, Adam Schiff has a new plan to sabotage Donald Trump. Plus, a new warning from the FBI about TikTok for our kids and our elections.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WRAY: The key point is that the parent company is for all intents and purposes beholden to the CCP.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator Marco Rubio reacts to that. New developments there. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: All right. When anyone tells you, oh, China doesn't control TikTok. I want you to look at them straight in the face and start laughing. TikTok's parent company ByteDance is Chinese run. Now this matters, because TikTok is not just for fashion trends or kind of cool workout tips. That's just the catnip to draw you in. China wants TikTok to be America's number one site for news, opinion and yes, cultural change.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RUBIO: And they said we want you to put out videos that make Americans fight with each other or spread conspiracy theories and get them at each other's throat. ByteDance doesn't have -- can't go to Chinese court and fight the Communist Party. They would have to do it.WRAY: That's my understanding and I would just add that that kind of influence operation or the different kinds of influence operations you're describing are extraordinarily difficult to detect, which is part of what makes the national security concerns represented by TikTok so significant.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, good to see you tonight. Influence operations, data collection, even geolocation efforts, algorithms that suppress certain views and inflate others. How can any American in any position of power not move immediately to force this 100 percent sale of the company TikTok from the Communist Chinese? How's there anyone against this?RUBIO: Because TikTok is popular, people like it. And the reason why they like it, what makes TikTok so good is that it has this artificial intelligence that knows you better than you know yourself. It's literally reading your mind the more you use it, the more it knows about you.The problem is not that TikTok has that, the problem is that ByteDance and their engineers in China are the ones that own that artificial intelligence. And no matter where you put my data or anybody, I don't use TikTok. When people use TikTok, no matter where you store that data, you could store it in a safe in the United States. Those engineers in China have to have access to the data, but they control the brain of TikTok. They control that artificial intelligence.The point I made today, and the FBI Director agreed is if the Chinese Communist Party goes to them and says, we want you to defeat Donald Trump, we want you to put up messages that are anti-Trump and pro-Biden, ByteDance has to do it, It doesn't matter that they're a company in China, by Chinese law, they have to do it. If they say we want the data of all your users that live in Florida, they have to give it to them. They don't have a choice but to do it. That is Chinese law. And so as long as ByteDance owns the artificial intelligence that powers TikTok, we've got a Trojan horse living inside our country.INGRAHAM: Now, Senator, your colleague Rand Paul weighed in on the TikTok debate, writing on X over the weekend that if Congress bans TikTok, they will be acting just like the Chinese Communist who have also banned TikTok, why not just defend the First Amendment? That's an easy one, your response?RUBIO: Well, there's no First Amendment issue here. We are --INGRAHAM: Thank you.RUBIO: -- going after -- we're not going after TikTok because of what the video say. It's because of the company's conduct. The conduct of their parent company. Their parent company is under the complete control. Period. Of a foreign government that's hostile to the United States.And the day they decide to weaponize that against us to convince soldiers not to go fight, to convince their families that it's not worth going to fight, to get involved in our elections, to spread things that make us fight against each other and further divide this country or keep us distracted, or to convince American teenagers to kill themselves because the world's about to end. They have to do it.If the Chinese tell them to do it, they have to do it. It's the conduct, not the content that we're talking about. If I'll talk was just a website where people could give their opinions. It's the control by the Communist Party. It's that conduct that we're going after.INGRAHAM: Well, but it's our adversary, our most powerful adversary. And we're just giving them all this information, because they got some well here, lobbyists on Capitol Hill. And I know --RUBIO: They spent a lot of money on that.INGRAHAM: Yes, and I know, there are reports that President Trump recently met with this hedge fund manager named Jeff Yass, he's a major league investor in TikTok and Trump has reportedly, which shocked me since reversed his position on banning the app and his former advisor and a friend of this program, Kellyanne Conway, is also apparently working to lobby people on Capitol Hill for TikTok. It pains me to talk about this, because I mean, I like them both very much.RUBIO: Yes --INGRAHAM: What's going on here?RUBIO: Well, I haven't talked to the President about it. What I read is that he said that it is valid that Facebook will now become more powerful than all these others. But that's a separate problem and we should confront that problem too. I don't like the fact that Facebook and Google --INGRAHAM: Right.RUBIO: -- and all these people have all that power, we should confront that problem too. But the answer to that problem is not to have a Chinese Communist Party controlled company in the marketplace. Those are two separate problems. And I think we need to deal with both of them.I -- like I said, I'm -- this is not for me and listen, TikTok decides we're no longer going to associate with ByteDance. We're going to find another company, not controlled by the Chinese Communist Party --INGRAHAM: Right.RUBIO: -- they're going to provide us the algorithm and the AI from now on, problem solved. The problem is they won't do that. They can't do that. Or they don't want to do that. Because ByteDance is the parent company --INGRAHAM: Why?RUBIO: -- and they're in China. Why would they give up 100 something million Americans whose phones they are in? Why would they voluntarily give that up?INGRAHAM: I mean, the Rand Paul First Amendment argument is like laughably bad, and he's a smart guy, so he's got to disrupt that. All right, Senator since Trump is the presumptive nominee, he's going to soon be receiving the sensitive intelligence briefings which every nominee of a party receives, but the usual suspects are very unhappy about this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): I have to hope and knowing the intelligence community, as I do, that they will dumb down the briefing for Donald Trump. That is, they will give him no more information than absolutely necessary. We can't trust that he will do the right thing with that information,JOHN BRENNAN, FORMER CIA DIRECTOR: I think it's going to be analysis that will be devoid of the sources and methods of sensitive things that we are most concerned about. They're not going to get into any type of detail.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, your reaction to this?RUBIO: These people are just yapping. He's going to have -- he needs to have the exact same intelligence that any other candidate would have. And in this case, being a former president, some of the stuff we will already know and have a background in, anything short of that is election interference in my view. And just one more example of how these people are so deranged and their hatred of Donald Trump, they basically want to treat him differently than any other candidate that's ever been the nominee of one of our two major parties.INGRAHAM: Senator, your name has come up recently in conversations that I've had with people who know probably more than I do about the vice presidency, would that be something you would consider?RUBIO: Well, I don't think you ever -- you have an opportunity to serve your country at that capacity. You don't just be little either walk away from it. It's certainly not something I've talked to anybody about. And it's not something because I have a job here and I'm trying to concentrate on my job. So, look, Donald Trump is going to make a good decision. He's going to pick a good person. He has a lot of good people to pick from. My good friend Tim Scott has been talked a lot about. There's JD Vance.INGRAHAM: You're too gracious.RUBIO: I mean Kristi Noem.INGRAHAM: You're so gracious.RUBIO: Listen, we're very fortunate. We have a lot of really talented people in the Republican Party. You look at the Democrats, I mean --INGRAHAM: All right, yes.RUBIO: Kamala Harris is their vice president. Who would they replace her with if they wanted to? Who would they replace Biden with if they wanted to --INGRAHAM: All right, nice pivot.RUBIO: The guy who runs communist California.INGRAHAM: Nice pivot there, Senator, but that's -- it's an interesting idea. It's great to see you as always.RUBIO: Thanks.INGRAHAM: All right, coming up, the rage culture is out of control. One teenager is now in critical condition after a brutal beatdown was caught on camera. The disturbing video ahead. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: We've seen so many viral videos that have circulated over the last, really, three or four years that show adults going from zero to 60 in their emotions. You see them brawling in parking lots, kids sporting events. So, it shouldn't surprise any of us when kids mimic this behavior.So, why does it seem that so many young people today are raging out of control? Maybe they have bad examples everywhere, like this video over the weekend from St. Louis, Missouri, where a group of girls got into a vicious fight. Someone videoed it. And I have to warn you, the footage you're about to see is disturbing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Just a moment later, the girl on top smashed the victim's head into the ground at least three times. The teen is now in critical condition after suffering a severe head injury. And a 15-year-old was arrested and charged with assault. Assault? A lot more than an aggravated battery.Joining me now is Cynthia Garrett, founder of the Cynthia Garrett Ministries. Cynthia, I know you've counseled so many families and young people over the years. What's going on with what seems to be a developing culture of rage?CYNTHIA GARRETT, FOUNDER, CYNTHIA GARRETT MINISTRIES: Laura, that video -- and it's nice to be with you. But I'll tell you that video is so hard to watch. It is -- it's shocking. And what's going on is hopelessness. Hopelessness always leads to anger. Anger always leads to rage. What is rage? It's uncontrollable violence.What we're looking at is fed by our media. Not -- it's not just legacy media anymore. It's social media. And everything you said earlier in the show about TikTok, and the need to ban TikTok is so correct. I couldn't agree with you more. Because it's not about the content. It's about the agenda that TikTok has to get in the minds of our young people and destroy our culture.And it may sound cheesy and over the top to most people, but the reality is that's exactly what's going on. It is very sad, but we need to get these kids on a time out. They need to stop having transgenderism and grown-up issues about sex and sexuality shoved down their throats in school, and we need to get prayer back in schools.We need to teach them about God and living for something bigger than themselves. For Pete's sake, whatever religion you are, there's no God on the planet that says this kind of behavior is OK. So, we've basically created a generation of young people who have no value at all for themselves. They don't value the truth. They don't even know the truth. We're not teaching them the truth.INGRAHAM: But Cynthia, what they do value is getting something posted online and getting like after like after like. That's the dopamine hit that they, I guess, gives them some purpose. Very quickly, wrap it up.GARRETT: Yeah, it gives them purpose because we've made -- culture has made fame and getting noticed something that it's not, and that needs to stop. We need to really unplug these kids, for lack of a better way of saying it. They're all plugged into the matrix, and the matrix is killing them, and it's killing all of us. You know, we're not giving them positive role models.INGRAHAM: You bet. Put down the phone or not. Don't give them a phone. How's that? I'm a popular mother. All right, Cynthia, good to see you. We'll have you back soon.All right, from skull bashing to, yeah, believe it or not, toe sucking, we have an update on a story we brought you last week. The Oklahoma State Superintendent's Office is now investigating two school districts after more videos emerged of these shocking fundraising events that were shot between 2015 and 2020.Now, the footage, no pun intended, is equally disgusting.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This video was taken from the YouTube channels of Edmond North and Memorial, publicly posted footage of their students licking chocolate, peanut butter, and other condiments off feet and armpits, all during their week-long philanthropy events.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, I'm going to throw up. Joining me now is Ryan Walters, Oklahoma State Superintendent of Schools. Ryan, what is going on? I mean, kids can't write a paragraph that's not rife with grammatical and usage errors, but they can learn this apparent talent, I guess, in Oklahoma high schools?RYAN WALTERS, OKLAHOMA STATE SUPERINTENDENT: Well, Laura, this is not in line with Oklahoma values. We are going to get to the bottom of this. But what we've seen is, you know, your viewers have heard it. The left says parents, there's nothing to worry about. They target parents. They fought against the Mom's for Liberty, the Libs of TikTok.Why? Because the Libs of TikTok, Moms for Liberty, and parents across the country have said we have to have more transparency to see what's going on in our schools. They fought for parents' rights. My office has been inundated with angry parents that didn't know this was going on, wasn't contacted by the school.And guess what, Laura? The left thinks that a PhD in education means that you should dictate for kids and not their parents. Well, let me tell you, we've got a lot of PhDs in education right now that are out defending this behavior. They're out defending being inclusive and including transgender ideology in schools.Frankly, I think we need a little less PhDs in education and a little bit more parental involvement in our schools. We have got to fix this problem by bringing transparency and accountability.INGRAHAM: Well, it's fine to have a PhD if you actually know something. I mean, you go from this to rage videos posted online, kids don't have a sense of purpose, and you wonder why?By the way, we reached out to the Edmond Public Schools for a statement, and here's what we got. We're proud of our students for the tireless work and immense effort they put into each of our philanthropy weeks. Through their efforts, metro area high school students learn countless life lessons on how to make a positive difference in their community.Ryan, licking armpits is how we teach philanthropy? Really?WALTERS: You know, parents, if that's a superintendent of your school, what's your response going to be? Again, I've heard an inundation from parents across the state going, what is going on? How does somebody defend this type of behavior?We're going to get to the bottom of it, Laura. We will hold those administrators accountable. Again, this is a great example of Joe Biden's America. No accountability, no transparency in our schools. They tell you - - they call conservatives crazy for asking questions. This is what's happening behind closed doors. I'm thankful for the transparency that's being brought by parents across the country.INGRAHAM: This predated Joe Biden, but it's only gotten worse. Ryan, thank you. All right, cashing in on indoctrinating your kids. Well, the insane number of DEI staffers at one of the top liberal arts universities in America just got exposed. Chris Rufo reacts, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: OK, a blockbuster new report reveals, all right, drum roll please, that the Biden administration handed out huge amounts of cash that was used on stuff that had nothing to do with COVID, and it was supposed to be COVID cash. Fox's Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Laura, you're going to love this story. The old adage applies once again here in Washington, follow the money. Now, the American Rescue Plan, which Joe Biden said would bring direct relief to families bearing the brunt of the COVID-19 crisis, yes, that American Rescue Plan, spent some $600 million and sent it over to the National Science Foundation, which on its face probably doesn't sound like a bad thing.Ah, but there's more, because while the agency pledged to use the funding to support groups of individuals and institutions most strongly affected by the pandemic, a lot of that money is going to things that are not COVID- related. How much, you ask? Well, check this out from the Free Beacon. How about 246 grand to Amherst College to, quote, "deepen our understanding of how floodplains have responded to climatic changes."How about another seven mil to UT Austin, hook them, to develop a learning environment that is welcoming to marginalized and minoritized researchers, never even heard that expression, 181 grand to Cal Poly to investigate the structural organization and changes therein of a school of fish, 219 grand to Radford University to study oyster reef erosion. A lot of COVID over there in those oyster reefs, I'm told.Now, in total, the agency has awarded more than $23 million from the American Rescue Plan and grants since January of 2023 alone to things that have nothing to do with COVID, that according to the Free Beacon's research.Now, the revelation also undermines Congressional Democrats' defense of the spending package, Laura, which economists say really helped to drive inflation to a four-year high. I got to check out those oyster reefs, man. That COVID's dangerous down there.INGRAHAM: I mean, school of fish. I mean, this is -- I mean, this is a drop in the bucket, truth be told, Kevin.CORKE: Exactly.INGRAHAM: We're talking about -- we're talking about hundreds and hundreds of millions to billions of dollars wasted under that PPP and stuff. Kevin, that was unbelievable. Thank you. Great to see you.All right, speaking of blowing money, 20 million, that's how much the University of Virginia reportedly spends every year on diversity, equity, inclusion personnel. All right, this is a new analysis from Open the Books saying that at least 235 employees from UVA collected $15 million in salaries and $5 million in benefits last year alone. Some of that money allows students to take workshops such as, I Felt That, Microaggression and its Impact, or That's the Way of the World, Introduction to DEI.And then, there's the crucial, Free Your Mind, Introduction to Implicit Bias.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Deaths of George Floyd and others were kind of rocking our nation and our world, and there was a tremendous amount of activism. That if we were going to be bold and audacious, right, and thinking about our future, it had to be attached to action that matched that rhetoric, and that action had to be steeped in some level of understanding of resources.UNKNOWN: Every school at the university now has an associate dean for diversity inclusion.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Chris Rufo, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute. All right, Chris, despite what we're seeing reportedly at UVA, we're finally starting to see that diversity, equity, inclusion, at some colleges is being pulled back, are we not?CHRIS RUFO, MANHATTAN INSTITUTE SENIOR FELLOW: Yeah, that's exactly right. Of course, in my role as a trustee of New College of Florida, we abolished our DEI department. Now all Florida public universities have gotten rid of these departments because we realized a simple fact. These are not about academics. They're not about performance. They're about maintaining left- wing ideological orthodoxy over the university system, and then in general over society as a whole.And so, the question is this. In the state of Virginia, which has Republicans in one house of the legislature, and of course a Republican sitting in the governor's office, why are taxpayers being forced to fund left-wing activist programs in the guise of academics?Governor Yunkin needs to get his act together. He needs to cut funding using whatever levers he has because conservatives are sick and tired of spending their hard-earned tax dollars to fund their enemies' ideological programming. It's outrageous and it's not just happening in blue states.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, UVA told The Angle, Chris, the report in question is inaccurate. It overstates the number of employees at UVA who perform DEI roles, as well as how much they're paid. A recent university analysis found that UVA had 55 dedicated DEI positions at an institution of more than 40,000 students, faculty, and staff with a total annual budget of $5.8 million.Chris, that's what they maintain. And they say people do dual roles. They might be a dean of something, but also have a DEI role. And so, I guess they're doubling up and not making any more money. OK.RUFO: Well, what they're really doing is they're playing hide the ball. We've seen this at university after university. They play paperwork games. They play euphemism games to try to obscure the truth about what's happening on campus.But the simple fact is this. The proper number of DEI commissars on a college campus is zero. Anything more than zero is a huge mistake, especially in a red state. Legislators, governors, and then citizens need to demand that these programs get shut down. And universities focus back on, wait for it, the truth as the fundamental pursuit of our universities.Thomas Jefferson, who of course established the University of Virginia, would be laid out the mission, which is to create an institution dedicated towards truth. That's not what we have today. And I hope that that changes in due time.INGRAHAM: All right, Chris, as a proud UVA Law School alum, I hope this all turns around. Thanks so much. All right, Biden's handlers hatching a million-dollar plan now to convince voters. He's pretty young and vibrant. Chris Bedford responds, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Look, I'm not a young guy. That's no secret. But here's the deal. I understand how to get things done for the American people.UNKNOWN: Can we do one more take?BIDEN: Look, I'm very young, energetic, and handsome. What am I doing this for?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's funny, isn't it? No, it's not. What's happening to the country isn't funny. I know a lot of people in their 80's, by the way, who actually have a really sharp mind. But he does not. And no expensive-to- produce commercial will convince anyone of that.Joining me now is Chris Bedford, senior contributor at The Federalist. Chris, now, Buttigieg says what really matters here is the age of Biden's ideas. OK, how -- from the border to spending, how have his ideas aged, Chris?CHRIS BEDFORD, THE FEDERALIST SENIOR CONTRIBUTOR: I mean, transgender ideology, which seems to be central, is about five or six years old as far as the public understanding of it and the massive explosion we've had to deal with. The idea that open borders is a good idea is so new that he was kind of selected by Democratic Party pooh-bahs because he was the only person on the stage in the primary who wasn't saying he was for that. Well, it turns out some of his staff are.But I think they're kind of responding to donors here. Because previously, some of their basic strategy has been he's not old, he's not confused, there's nothing wrong, everything's fine, he's the sharpest he's ever been. At least now they're kind of, I guess, trying to pretend that they're in on the joke.And you saw a little bit of that at the State of the Union. It was kind of their Ronald Reagan strategy of saying, I won't take advantage of my opponent's youth and experience. It's a bold tactic, but at least it's finally addressing it, whereas the White House has basically been lying about it ever since, and telling the American people that they don't even know what they're seeing or hearing.INGRAHAM: Well, one thing, Chris, is that they still don't seem to have their minds wrapped around. It's not really the way he talks about his age. It's not even really that he's stumbling, although that's kind of, you know, funny to people. The results of his policies are what making him so unpopular. If the country was going really well and he stumbled occasionally, no one would really care.It's what's happened to the country that are driving people to Trump. Is that not the case, or is this just a messaging problem?BEDFORD: No, I think it's totally true, and the White House has addressed everything as a messaging problem while not addressing the policy. I mean, Joe Biden's been in politics for a long time. You see a little bit of the State of the Union, that smart political instinct kicked in, where he was going to talk about illegal aliens committing murder. He was going to kind of respond to where the public is at.And then you see the policy side of the White House kick in afterwards with that fake apology, non-apology. I shouldn't have said that, but I didn't actually apologize. I regret it. That complete and total insanity. That's what he's running up against all the time, because political instinct would tell you these policies aren't working. There needs to be a course correction.But a lot of these policies are basically religion for some of these White House staffers who seem to be running the show, and they can't back away from them.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, they've become fanatics, whether on open borders. Doesn't matter how many Americans have to die. They have to keep the borders open. That's why that bill on Capitol Hill was a total fig leaf. It was just a complete joke from the beginning. They knew that Republicans couldn't. Yeah, and they knew Republicans could never agree to it, but it gave him a gift.Chris, I want to circle back to something I brought up earlier tonight, which is the money flying around Capitol Hill on behalf of TikTok, and the lobbyists who are paying millions and millions of dollars. One of the, I think, most lucrative contracts you can get out there is to be a TikTok lobbyist. What's happening?BEDFORD: Well, Jeffrey Yass, a big libertarian donor, is someone who's putting millions and millions and millions of dollars behind different nonprofits, behind different senators and politicians, and anywhere he can, because he's a major holder on ByteDance.TikTok is in a dangerous place right now, because at one point they're saying, hey, we're not controlled by the Chinese Communist Party, and the other end they're saying the Chinese Communist Party won't let us divest from American interests.Not only is there a spying problem and a pirating problem from TikTok, but the Chinese government basically controls one of the most influential cultural weapons that we've seen with the ability to influence youth in an incredible way. And that's just something that's completely legal in the U.S.INGRAHAM: Well, they should just buy every media outlet out there. I mean, it's just the free market, right? What could it matter? Chris, great to see you.That's it for us tonight. Don't forget, set your DVR so you always stay connected with us. Follow me on social media. Jesse is next.