BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Panel, thanks for all in with the punches tonight, little (ph) breaking news. Tomorrow on Special Report, Ukraine funding on the line, we'll talk to three Ukrainian teens who are taken captive by Russian soldiers. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West. As always, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Breaking news too. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Thanks so much for being with us. My Angle in moments, but first, just moments ago, the House defeated efforts to impeach DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. He survived by a razor thin margin after four Republicans voted no. Now let's go live to Capitol Hill where Fox News Senior Congressional Correspondent, Chad Pergram has all the details. Now Chad, we heard yelling, then we heard cheers from the floor, what can you tell us?CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS SENIOR CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Democrats were yelling at the Republicans to close the vote because they were prevailing in this. Obviously, Democrats did not want to impeach Alejandro Mayorkas and so they were winning. They kept yelling regular order, shut off the vote and so here's what happened at the end.As you say there were four Republicans who voted no, but I want to point out that that's what the caveat. Here are the four who voted no, and I'm going to explain why. This is very important. You had Mike Gallagher, Republican of Wisconsin, Tom McClintock, Republican of California, Ken Buck, Republican of Colorado, and then the Vice Chair of the Republican Conference, Blakemore.Now at the end of the vote, he switched his vote. So, this lost. 216 to 214. It was 215 to 215. By rule a tie vote loses in the House of Representatives. So why did Blakemore who wanted to obviously impeach Alejandro Mayorkas switch his vote to no, did he have a change of heart? No. Because Republicans want to call this backup sometime in the future. Probably not tonight, but sometime down the road.They know at some point they're going to get Steve Scalise, the majority leader back. He's been out for cancer treatments. And there is a special election on Long Island next week if Republicans win that seat. They might have the votes to impeach. But still, this was a major defeat tonight. They made a big promise. And this was frankly kind of embarrassing, especially after Republicans made all this noise about Alejandro Mayorkas and as I always say, it comes down to the math and they lacked the votes, Laura.INGRAHAM: Yes. Do you have the votes? They didn't have the votes. Chad, thank you so much. All right, joining me now is Arizona Congressman Andy Biggs, he was one of the impeachment managers. Now, Congressman, you know what I think of Alejandro Mayorkas, right? I've been hammering him since January of 2021. But explain to the Angle viewers what the point was in doing this, given the razor thin numbers that you had, especially because the real culprit isn't the real culprit, Joe Biden, not Mayorkas, who's just -- he's just the hired help.REP. ANDY BIGGS (R-AZ): Well, Laura, two things about that. We can say Joe Biden should be impeached and maybe that's where we should go. But I can tell you this, Alejandro Mayorkas as early as 2021 issued a memorandum where he iterated what his proposals were for the border and those were basically to open the border, disobey Title 8 of the law, where he was going to then change how you did everything from removed people.He was not going to allow them to remove people, he was not following the law. And so, impeachment was designed literally since 1450. The year 1450 was to remove somebody from office who is going to do irreparable harm or potential damage to the community or the state. And that's what Alejandro Mayorkas was -- is doing, is continuing to do it. And that's what we felt - - I feel it's like our duty to actually try to remove this guy, because I think he is a danger and I think what he's doing is causing irreparable harm and thus, our duty is to go forward.And if you're not successful, then that's -- that's not OK, I mean, I'd rather be successful, but you have to fight the fight or else there's no point in you being here trying to do what's right.INGRAHAM: Well, let's say -- let's say you had been impeached, and you actually had a Republican Senate, and you could remove him and convict him and remove him from office. Would you think that Biden would put in someone that you and I would like in that position? It wouldn't it be like a game of whack a mole, we have the next Alejandro Mayorkas?BIGGS: Everything with this administration is like whack a mole, for sure. And yes, they could appoint somebody else and nominate them, but the Senate then could not accept that confirmation. You'd get somebody who's temporary there. And part of the impeachment process is to hold people accountable, and Alejandro Mayorkas needs to be held accountable.Now, on your other point, though, I do believe that one of our strongest checks against an executive who's gone bad, which I think this administration has been, particularly on this issue is to use the checkbook and so, I've been arguing literally for several years to reduce the funding for many of this administration's programs.INGRAHAM: Yes.BIGGS: Until they actually enforce the border. So, I do think impeachment is necessary and required. It's our duty. But I also think there's other ways to get at this cat as well. And one of those is to actually say, no more money for -- I don't know, how about the FBI new headquarters? How about the IRA Green New Deal stuff? Let's stop funding that stuff, until we can get confirmation that they're going to enforce the border.INGRAHAM: Now, well, if a phone call -- a phone call with Zelenskyy was an impeachable offense, what Biden has done to the U.S. border and to our country, causing death and destruction should be an impeachable offense. I think Biden is impeachable here. Congressman, thank you so much for joining us.All right, wakeup call or wake. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. Now, when the border bill fiasco was unraveling last night, I started to think about how the GOP Senate leadership could so wildly misread their own party on an issue as important as this. I mean, do they ever listen to their own constituents, they ever read anything about what the constituents believe? Any polls? Don't they see that everyone is fed up with doublespeak on the border?And then I was thinking about Trump's book, "The Art of the Deal", where he explains why PR alone, like the type you've been hearing about the bill from people like Lankford and Sinema and Chris Murphy, that that kind of bluster can't rescue a bad final product. Trump wrote, you can't con people, at least not for long, you can create excitement, you can do wonderful promotion and get all kinds of press and you can throw in a little hyperbole, but if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on. And that's what happened here.We told you weeks ago that the phony border security bill being cooked up in the Senate would be an insult to your intelligence. But they kept saying that, oh, you're being unfair, you should just wait for the text. Well, of course by now, every honest broker knows that the actual text of the bill, scroll the prompter, thank you. text of the bill is much worse.Now as Speaker Johnson said on this show last night, it wasn't even a border bill at all. It was really just an immigration bill and a liberal one at that, because the border remains open. Unaccompanied minors don't count toward the 5000-person trigger. Millions still are allowed into the country, including through the ports of entry. And Mayorkas retains the power to grant asylum.And remember, Biden can end the emergency for what he calls the national interest. And the border emergency itself sunsets in three years. Oh, and then money for lawyers, for migrants, of course millions for that. And it's a huge boon to foreign workers. So, by late last night, they had already lost 22 Republican senators, and it was effectively a dead deal.Now, you all know this, because you've been watching. I tried to warn Senator Lankford that he was just setting himself up to -- for the fall, to be the fall guy, but he wouldn't listen. But at least he found a new friend.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's been an extraordinary effort by Senators Lankford, Murphy, and Sinema. The result of all this hard work is a bipartisan agreement that represents the most fair, humane reforms in our immigration system in a long time.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Please, trusting Biden and Mayorkas on a border bill would be like trusting Jeffrey Epstein at a senior prom. The bill wouldn't have stopped the invasion, it would have simply regularized the flow, maybe managed it a tiny bit better. And then it would have hamstrung Trump from implementing a true border enforcement operation which he knows how to do. And by the way to add insult to injury, it would have given Biden a small political escape hatch on the border issue itself. Why would any Republican ever agree to that? But now Joe, all he has in his quiver, MAGA bad,(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: All indications are this bill won't even move forward to the Senate floor. Why? A simple reason, Donald Trump, because Donald Trump thinks is bad for him politically, therefore he doesn't even know it helps the country, he's not for it. He'd rather weaponize this issue than actually solve it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: No, the truth is, and I'm sure even Biden of the addled mind knows it. Trump did largely have the border solved. This is just one of dozens of substantive reasons that no sane conservative could ever have voted for this. And now that it's effectively crashed and burned, the Democrats are following their little consultant drafted battle plan. It's a hard pivot and you're seeing it play out to blame Biden's border catastrophe on Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MICHAEL BENNET (D-CO): We're going to have to carry this message into November that the Democrats have actually stood for fixing our border and the Republicans have been completely missing in action.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What did Senator Bennet say? Missing in action, Republicans missing in action on the border? Now, how often has our border czar are visited the border again?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you have any plans to visit the border?KAMALA HARRIS (D), VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm here in Guatemala today. At some point, we are going to the border, we've been to the border. So, this whole -- this whole -- this whole thing about the border, we've been to the border, we've been to the border.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You haven't been to the border.HARRIS: And I haven't been to Europe. And I don't know -- I don't understand the point that you're making. I'm not discounting the importance of the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, the moment we heard that she was put in-charge of the border was the moment we knew that they plan to overwhelm our country with migrants or and they're thinking future Democrat voters. Now as we painstakingly have cataloged all their border dereliction, even Democrats started speaking up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR, NEW YORK CITY: I said it last year, when we had 15,000. I'm telling you now, we're 10,000, the city we knew, we're about to lose,BRANDON JOHNSON (D), MAYOR, CHICAGO: As buses continued to arrive in the city of Chicago and all over the country, the type of chaos that has been administered, has left many of our local economies under a tremendous amount of duress.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Looks like a hostage take there. And now we all feel the growing power of the cartels, the criminal gangs, the Chinese, the North Africans, the Middle Easterners who are coming here by the hundreds of thousands. That isn't MAGA's fault. It's all on Biden and Mayorkas and none of it was an accident. They're achieving their goals here.As I said, with Chad Pergram, if a phone call to Zelenskyy is an impeachable offense, then what Biden has done to the border darn well has to be. The vast property damage they've caused although Greeniacs, it's been an environmental catastrophe. Think about every innocent American brutalized by migrant crime, every child who has been trafficked and abused, every woman raped along the way, including a lot of the migrants, every dollar spent on migrants that could be spent on our own veterans and our own homeless.But somehow Biden thinks voters in November are going to take it out on Trump, because Republicans said no to defending other countries when the Senate couldn't agree to defend America?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Folks, we've got to move past this toxic politics. It's time to stop playing games with the world waiting and watching. And by the way, the world is waiting. The world is watching. They are waiting and watching what we're going to do. We can't -- we can't continue the petty partisan politics get in the way of our responsibility.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Petty partisan politics, translation, conservatives decided they wouldn't be rolled again, and hyperbole about Putin. That's not going to change a single voters mind.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: This bill is standing up to Putin, opposing this bill is playing into his hands. As I said before, the stakes on this fight extend well beyond Ukraine. If we don't stop Putin's appetite for power and control on Ukraine, he won't limit himself to just Ukraine.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. None of this makes any sense. Because if the uniparty really wanted all that money for Ukraine, and it's a lot of money, or they want something for the dreamers, or foreign worker visas, whatever they want, they needed to bargain with something real, not offer some fake border bill that empowered Mayorkas and neutered a future President Trump.The days of heavy footing the populace are over. Unless something wild happens, Trump's going to be the party's nominee in November for the third presidential election in a row. Get the hand everybody, everybody's got to get used to that reality. This is not the party of Mitt Romney or Liz Cheney. And if Trump does win, the deals that come out of his administration will actually be good for the American people first, real negotiations with real results by including all the key players. The Senate uniparty tried their border sneak and they failed miserably. This will either be a wakeup call for them, or their political wake. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Utah Senator, Mike Lee. Senator, your message tonight to your Republican colleagues who still might be holding out hope that some version of this bill will ultimately get passed.SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): Well, first of all if they have any questions about it, they should go to killtheborderbill.com to have any questions answered. But Laura, this thing is going to die, it's going to die, not because Republicans are petulant, and they don't want to solve the border. It's going to die, because number one, we know that Joe Biden created this border crisis. That's why we have this humanitarian disaster unfolding on our southern border. It is not for want of adequate legislative authority that this happened. It is because Joe Biden has defiantly willfully refused to enforce the border.Now I know that he and all of his little friends in both parties wanted this to be a namaste moment, and everybody would just bow and hug and support their bill thinking that we wouldn't read it. But we read it, Laura, and what we found was quite discouraging. What we found was consistent with the concerns we had overtime because this was negotiated over a three- or four-month period, for reasons I can't fathom. People negotiating for us as Senate Republicans refused to share details with us of the legislation. We couldn't see text; we didn't see text.INGRAHAM: Why did they do that?LEE: Until Monday night, when it was released through the media.INGRAHAM: Yes, why did they do that, Senator? Tell me why?LEE: I don't know, because --INGRAHAM: Was that good faith, you know why, was it good faith?LEE: It was not. It was not good faith. Because the firm, the law firm of Schumer and McConnell has learned overtime, that if it can negotiate a bill in secret, and keep the peasants by that, I mean, other senators from seeing it until the last possible minute, they can pass it, especially if they move it forward, just days, or even hours before some artificially contrived deadline that they themselves have arranged, that sometimes they can trick members into passing it, even though they haven't had adequate time to read it. Even though it seemed no time before the committee, even though there's been no time to offer much less vote on amendments.It's worked for them over and over and over again. But you know what, Laura, they've played this note so many times that it's not working anymore. And this is glorious. This is a wonderful thing, because the American people and those they've elected are smarter than this. And they know that --INGRAHAM: Senator --LEE: -- when it comes to something as essential as border security, we're not going to put up with this.INGRAHAM: No more heavy footing the populace. It's not happening. It's just not. Those days are over. McConnell has got to wake up to that or obviously it's a political wake or it's a wakeup call. Senator, I would like your reaction to what happened in the House of Representatives tonight. This effort to impeach Alejandro Mayorkas over the border issue, ironically, the border dereliction and what's been done at the border at his direction, but ultimately at Biden's direction. Do you believe that Alejandro Mayorkas should be impeached for his actions?LEE: Of course, I do. He has defiantly refused to enforce our border and it's had grave consequences for American national security. I was down on the border just a few weeks ago in McAllen, Texas, a place where I lived for two years as a young missionary. And I was really distressed by what I saw there and what I learned there. These are not just people coming in from Latin America, these are people coming from places like Afghanistan and Syria, and China, all kinds of places, and they're coming over, about 10 million people --INGRAHAM: Yes, we've known this.LEE: Just since January 20th, 2020 --INGRAHAM: But Senator, why is this --LEE: But it's gotten worse --INGRAHAM: -- my point here and you're former clerk of the Supreme Court, you know, this, the ultimate person here is Biden. Mayorkas is just the stooge carrying out the orders, right? So, I don't really -- I mean, I can't stand what Mayorkas has done. I think it's a disgrace and it's reprehensible. But why isn't it Biden that's impeached? Why Mayorkas? He's just a member of the cabinet, they'll put another Mayorkas in.LEE: We should impeach both of them, because I agree with you. They're both at fault. Ultimately, the buck stops with the President. It's not inappropriate to impeach Mayorkas because he invited this. I mean, from the early days of the administration, he was already telling the cartels signaling to them through the news media. Yes. Well, what I'd say --INGRAHAM: I think Biden is the one --LEE: -- traveling in the caravans --INGRAHAM: I would gone after Biden --LEE: It's going to take us a few weeks.INGRAHAM: Yes, Senator, you've been a great leader --LEE: Yes --INGRAHAM: -- on this border bill --LEE: -- make sense --INGRAHAM: -- we really appreciate all your factual analysis. I think it really had a huge effect on syncing this travesty. Thank you. Now we never needed a border bill as we know to stop illegals from crossing. My next guest is proof. Texas Lieutenant Governor, Dan Patrick tells us what this is all about, and how to really stop the border flow.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHRIS MURPHY (D-CT): This is unbelievable. Like I can't believe this is happening. Republican senators decided they don't want a bipartisan bill to fix the border because what they actually want is chaos. Because that's what Donald Trump says he wants.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Nice try, Chris. Zero credibility. Now we know the Republicans overwhelmingly favor tough border enforcement, real border enforcement and remember Eagle Pass used to be a place where we had huge illegal border crossings. But guess what, now in Eagle Pass, we are actually seeing a huge reduction in Texas in the illegal border crossings. Why? Because we actually have real enforcement taking place.Now the governor says that the number has actually dipped to single-digits crossing the border illegally from several thousand, all because they actually enforced the border, something that Biden administration refuses to do.Joining me now Texas Lieutenant Governor, Dan Patrick. Dan, your reaction to this Democrat, you know, these talking points that I think they wrote a couple of months ago to blame MAGA and Trump and Republicans on chaos -- for chaos at the border.DAN PATRICK (R), LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR OF TEXAS: Look, President Biden is the chief of chaos, whether it's in the stock market, whether it's inflation, whether it's in the border, in our military, in our woke culture. He is the creator of chaos, not President Trump. President Trump had order on the border in his last couple of years, and it was secure.Look, this bill, I've negotiated thousands of bills as lieutenant governor, with senators. I know what the senators and the people want us to pass. I'm not going to bring forth a travesty of a bill that's going to be voted down and the people are going to be outraged. What the U.S. Senate did and those Republicans Lankford and anyone who's supporting that they ought to all be voted out of office the next time they run for office. That bill is a joke.As you said it in your Ingraham Angle last night was right on point. This is, I can't think of a worse bill. Joe Biden couldn't have written it any better himself. It would have guaranteed 5000 a day. All kinds of exceptions. Why these Republicans thought anyone, any conservative, any Republican, any person who believes in securing the border thought this was a good idea is beyond me. This was the worst piece of junk I've ever seen.INGRAHAM: Yes, well, it's dead now. And because of people actually --PATRICK: It's dead, it's dead.INGRAHAM: -- having the ability to read --PATRICK: I just can't believe they brought it up, Laura, I can't believe they even --INGRAHAM: Yes.PATRICK: -- thought it would pass.INGRAHAM: Yes, well, Mitch McConnell thought to do the big sneak, didn't work out so well, Dan, we know that you all with the razor wire and the increased enforcement, National Guard troops and so forth. Now it looks like Eagle Pass, which was the site of so much nightmarish chaos with the migrants, the reduction on the number of migrants crossing is unbelievably fantastic. What happened?PATRICK: Well, we took it over from the Biden border patrol. And by the way, it's not the border patrol, those men and women, they love Texas, we love them. They want to take the handcuffs off and go back to border enforcement instead of being hotel clerks. But we took over that area about two and a half miles between two entry points, bridges. And last month, 2000 to 3000 a day, some days more than 3000 crossed, we put up the barbed wire, concertina wire and those containers. And we put our National Guard out there. And Laura, it dropped to -- it is single-digits.I was down there Friday, a week ago when Biden was threatening to come down and cut the wire and we were ready. If they had their wire clippers, we had a lot more wire, trust me, we'd put it right back. From 3000 to five or six people, we know how to secure the border, let the border patrol do their job. Let us put wire all across the border, the buoys across the water, turn it over to Texas. We'll have the son of a gun secure in less than a week, as Donald Trump when he becomes the next president.INGRAHAM: Lieutenant Governor, thank you so much as always. All right, the media, they're celebrating a big legal win, supposedly against Trump. But they're missing something big. I'm going to explain it. Then Mike Davis and Sol Wisenberg react, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's a 57-page court ruling that could alter the course of American history. At its core, it sends one message over and over and over again, no one, not even a current or former president of the United States, is above the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit rejected former President Trump's claim of immunity in that election interference case brought by Jack Smith. But while the media focused on this being a huge win for the prosecution, it doesn't mean that the case will necessarily be heard before the November election. Remember, Trump has 90 days to appeal this to the high court, then it's not clear that the court would even expedite the petition, leading to further delay. And most legal experts did expect the D.C. Circuit's ruling.The bigger news came out of a court, of course, with U.S. District Judge Tanya Chutkan, where she reportedly said that, I hope not to be in the country on August 5th. If she is, she says it's because she's in trial in another matter that has not yet returned to my calendar. Of course, that's President Trump's case. And if that's the timeline, it's well after the Republican National Convention, where Trump is expected to officially become the GOP nominee.Joining me now is Mike Davis. He's the founder and president of the Article III Project, former law clerk to Justice Neil Gorsuch. Also with me, Sol Wisenberg, former deputy independent counsel, Fox News contributor. Sol, what do we make of this?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, didn't I tell you two or three days ago this case was not going to be tried before the election. And it won't be. The thing that really stands out at me, apart from the substance of what the Court of Appeals decided, is that normally, even before you talk about going to the Supreme Court, you've got thirty days in which to file a motion for rehearing, and almost everybody gets an automatic stay when that happens.But that didn't happen with former President Trump. They said, if you file a motion for rehearing, we're not going to stay it. If you want to stay this decision, the effect of this decision, you have seven days to let us know that you have filed an application in the U.S. Supreme Court for a stay, pending your filing of a writ of certiorari.So basically, why is former President Trump being singled out in this way, it's obvious. The Court of Appeals wants the trial to proceed before the election, and that's an inherently political decision. I'm continually amazed by the ability of Trump's opponents to shoot themselves in the foot in ways like this.INGRAHAM: Now, moments ago, someone who used to be a good friend of ours, Judge Luttig, Mike Luttig, former federal appellate court judge for the Fourth Circuit, went on MSNBC where his new friends are, and had this to say about today's ruling watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Today's decision by the D.C. Circuit did not hold that the president is arguably disqualified under the 14th Amendment from the presidency, but it did speak very pointedly to the argument that he might be.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mike, I can't understand what's happened to Judge Luttig, personally. But what about that argument? Is that what you're reading in this decision?MIKE DAVIS, ARTICLE III PEOJECT FOUNDER: Not at all. And I think that President Trump fried Judge Michael Luttig's brain. What we have here is the issue of, does a president -- can a president be prosecuted by his successor for his official acts? Members of Congress have both civil and criminal immunity, federal judges have both civil and criminal immunity for their official acts, why wouldn't the president of the United States?Does this mean the Trump 47 Justice Department can prosecute President Obama for capital murder for his extrajudicial drone strike of two American citizens, including a minor? The Supreme Court now has to take this case because this is so much bigger than President Trump and their Trump derangement syndrome.INGRAHAM: Sol, what do you think about this immunity claim? I mean, you hear things from both sides on this, that there's no textual evidence of broad immunity for all actions, post-office, that you took while you were in office. But is it clear which way the court would actually go on this ultimate question?WISENBERG: The Supreme Court, I don't think they'll go as far as the D.C. Circuit panel went. And let me make it clear, there are parts of the opinion that I agree with, and they're parts of President Trump's position on total immunity that I don't agree with. But I agree with Mike here. You could, under the theory, the rationale of this ruling, you could take a former president and say that he could be indicted for stuff that is classically considered within executive power.I mean, remember, Laura, I don't know if you remember, you're probably too young. There are people who seriously wanted to indict President Nixon for the bombing of Cambodia. Vincent Bugliosi, the famous prosecutor who wrote a book about Charles Manson, wrote an entire book arguing that President Bush should be indicted for murder because of the invasion of Iraq. Under this ruling, the rationale of this ruling, these loony theories could become the law.I was astounded by that part of the -- of the decision. And I think this ensures that the U.S. Supreme Court is going to hear it.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, the D.C. circuit is filled with lefties. I mean, that has to be turned around as well. Mike and Sol, thank you. All right, here's something you're not going to hear Joe Biden bragging about. Millions of parents are now forking over big bucks to support their adult children. Shark Tank investor Kevin O'Leary reacts, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's raw power.UNKNOWN: Dad, what are you doing? It's shark week.UNKNOWN: OK, here's the deal. You have one month to find jobs or your out of your (BLEEP). I will arrange interviews for Monday and you will go.UNKNOWN: Dad, why are you talking to me like this? I'm your son.UNKNOWN: I'm not buying that crap anymore.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, seems like that are playing out in households all across Biden's America, because adult kids, many of them, are still living at home. And for some of those who finally do move out, well, mom and dad still pay the bills. Fifty-nine percent of parents tell Pew Research that they're paying for cell phones, streaming services and groceries, and some even hand over cash for their kids' mortgages and rent. This all comes at a cost.Thirty-six percent of parents say that bailing out their kids has hurt their own personal finances. Joining me now, Mr. Wonderful himself, Kevin O'Leary, Chairman of O'Leary Ventures. Kevin, great to see you tonight. What's going on here?KEVIN O'LEARY, O'LEARY VENTURES CHAIRMAN: So, this is all about affordability. Let me explain exactly what happened. Pre-pandemic, rates, interest rates, were practically zero as you recall. We go through the pandemic. We have a massive increase in basic rates. So, mortgages went from three and a half to seven to eight percent. Affordability got much tougher in rent. And protein and gas and all kinds of other issues increased with inflation rates of about 33 percent.But the average wage in America barely budged. It's about 62,000. If you got this massive squeeze on a whole cohort of people, who all of a sudden leave college and say, wow, is it ever expensive to live? What happened here? Well, life happened. Every generation is looking backwards, saying, can I do better than my parents? This cohort is in trouble because they got whacked by some hardcore inflation that has not gone away.INGRAHAM: And Kevin, what does this mean for the belief in capitalism and the American dream? If you think, no matter how hard you work, I can't get ahead and I'm still living with mom and dad, what does that mean for the future belief in our system?O'LEARY: Our system always survives. This debate goes on from one generation to another. This has been a particularly tough jolt for this group that's gone through these last few years. It's been a long time since we had this kind of hyperinflation occur when wages didn't increase. Wages went up about four and a half percent, inflation's up thirty three percent. There's where the squeeze is.So, affordability is very tough in rent, for example. But there's an old adage, and my mother did it to me when I came out of college, she said, Kevin, the dead bird under the nest never learns how to fly. I've said this countless times and I said, what does that mean, mom? She said, I'm done. I've taken care of you from birth to last day of college. You're out. I'm throwing you out. Go figure it out.And luckily, I did. But I feel sorry, even my own kids, I said, guys, you're on your own. Big Daddy can't pay for everything. You got to go figure it out.INGRAHAM: Right, Kevin. Someone tweeted to me, because I knew you were coming on tonight on X, that their child is single, 27, has a decent job in healthcare, lives alone, rent, in particular, so ridiculous that I have to help out with car payment, cell phone. Three years ago, I never had to do that. And your tip for the parent would be just cut them off.O'LEARY: Yeah. My wife always sneaks in. I have a daughter like that, almost the same age. I say, no, no, Nanette, and my wife just keeps sending her cash. What do I do?INGRAHAM: Well, maybe we have to end. No more streaming services, Kevin. No more, you know, maybe we have to just rent a car for a while. I mean, we all had to figure it out, but it's no fun these days. Kevin, come back soon. Great to see you.All right. Is Apple's new VR product turning America into a high-tech dystopia? Jimmy Failla reacts to that. Is he going have a headset on? And more.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Oh goody, now it's time for a WTF, What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday night and Fox Nation's Cancel Culture Dictionary with Jimmy Failla, available now. Jimmy, you're everywhere. I saw you on this morning. You never sleep. We get you at the end of the day when you have no energy, thanks a lot.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: What do you take him on, Ingraham?INGRAHAM: OK, Apple Vision Pro. So, this has been introduced to the masses. It's a little disturbing, Failla. Check it out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: As soon as you put on the headset, you see the real world. You just look at what you want to select. Then you use your hands to select it. You can place apps all around you. Apple calls this spatial computing. Face timing with other people in Vision Pros is as crazy as you'd think. And you too can have this for the low, low price of.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Jimmy, I know you have yours already.FAILLA: Stop it. This headset costs $3,500, which sounds expensive, but think of all the money you'll save on dates. If you walk around in something like this, nobody's hanging out with you. This is weird. Like I was, I actually prepared for this hit for once in my life. Stop it. I read up on this. I mean, in all honesty, like whoever invented this has to own stock in some ADD medication. Why would you need to be walking around looking at 800 apps at once?So, it went from we're all staring at our phone to like our phone is the world. I mean, for 3,500, I would save probably $3,475 and just drop acid for 25 bucks at a dead show. Same effect, Laura. And you don't have to wear the goggles.INGRAHAM: I mean, and you see people going like this everywhere, like with their fingers. That's weird. I don't want to think about what that reminds me.FAILLA: Well, you're going to need those fingers to blow up the blow-up- doll you're dating. So, you've got to get that grip down.INGRAHAM: It's zombie land, Failla. It's zombie land. All right. Disney trips now apparently are so complicated that there are classes to plan a vacation. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Before, I lay out our outfits, custom park touring guide and park mat. At 8:45 I'll wake up the boys, they are pumped for Magic Kingdom. 6:58 A.M., we book the virtual queue for Tron. Got it. Boarding group 8. Then a Genie Plus for Big Thunder. Then, I'll pack up my best cup secret, my custom park touring guide, and throw it in my folder. We strategically get dropped off in front of Disney's Contemporary Resort. This walkway is the best way to get you to Magic Kingdom ahead of the crowds.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Then you wait for four hours to get on, you know --FAILLA: Yeah, it's miserable.INGRAHAM: -- the Soar-in ride.FAILLA: Disney has destroyed all the spontaneity of a theme park. You used to walk around and be like, hey, that looks fun, let's do it. But that's not how it works now. You're like, mom, can I get cotton candy? And she's like, no, we have an 11:10. We have to get over to the people mover. It's a scam.But I think part of the reason they're so overwhelmed is, you know, Disney went woke and the rides changed. Now you're looking for Snow White and the seven genders, or you're trying to find Peter pansexual. It's not the park we remember as kids, Laura. So, you need the Sherpa. to show you around the park.INGRAHAM: It's supposed to be the happiest place on earth --FAILLA: Stop it.INGRAHAM: -- right? But it's not -- when you look at the people in line, especially if you're there on a hot day, and I've been there on many hot days, they don't seem too happy.FAILLA: No, no, Disney's, the whole park is just fat people on scooters eating turkey legs. That's the park, just driving and chewing. That's why they call it the Magic Kingdom. Your self-worth goes through the roof from looking around the park.INGRAHAM: All right, Jimmy, as always, it's great to see you. Everybody go out and get Jimmy's book.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: Red, white and blue.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that one moment singing karaoke in an Uber kind of gives you the idea of the kind of guy that Toby Keith was. As you heard, the country star died yesterday surrounded by his family at the young age of 62. He'd been battling stomach cancer, but as you can tell, he faced it with classic Keith spirit.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I lean only on my faith and just pray and, you know, just lean into it. You just got to do what you got to do. But I don't know how people do it without faith, but that's what I did. It was my rock, the Almighty.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: How do you do it without faith? His career spanned decades. And during the Iraq War, when most entertainers declined to visit the troops, not Toby. He considered it his honor and a privilege to perform for them, as he did back in 2002 during his USO tour, which was also when he released the song Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue. That was the patriotic, defiant post-9-11 song you all remember.Now he performed for hundreds of thousands of troops over the years in more than a dozen countries, all the more admirable, because he didn't actually support the Iraq War, but, man, did he love the military.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There's a whole lot of real good people here that appreciate the support they're getting. And whether you're for the war or against it or whatever, you should support these troops because they're doing a hell of a job.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And I remember on the radio at the time, right after the Iraq invasion, there were so many of us who said, where are all the entertainers. But Keith was there. The other fact that I didn't even realize until my friend Kid Rock texted me today was that Toby also had an eye for talent. If it weren't for he, there would not have been a Taylor Swift today. In the early 2000's, she was the first artist ever signed to Keith's brand-new record label.Toby Keith, husband, father, grandfather, country star, and patriot, dead at 62. Godspeed.