BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Tomorrow on Special Report, Hunter Biden testifies behind closed doors on Capitol Hill, we'll be in front of the doors, but we'll cover it. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. As always, thanks for being with us. It's open season on Americans. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now ever wonder how things got so crazy, like how is it that a sitting U.S. president presides over the invasion of America by several million illegals, yet for years, the media let them off the hook. They're only now starting to pay attention after Democrat run cities were overrun and innocent Americans murdered. Like Laken Riley.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHLOE MULLIS, UGA AXO PRESIDENT: Campus is really heavy right now. We're all heartbroken, I want to use this time to tell you about Laken and all she was Alpha Chi. It is so obvious to me why I feel so dark right now and that is because we lost one of the brightest lights that there's ever been, this campus and our sisterhood will never be the same without Laken Riley.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Total heartbreak. And of course, when the press does cover the issue, it's not really to hold Biden accountable, but to criticize Republicans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, Republicans obviously seizing on this horrific tragedy at the University of Georgia and they're seizing on this as an example of Biden's failure to protect the American people, to secure the borders.ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST: As if the initial facts were not horrifying enough for the sense of loss not deep enough by now and all of it has now been compounded by the revelation, the suspect was in this country unlawfully, and how quickly that fact became politicized.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And when they're not blocking and tackling for Biden on the border, the press claims that the open border is actually a positive thing. Now this absurd Washington Post piece today, claiming that the economy is roaring because of immigration. Now this is insane. We know that real wages rose significantly under Trump, and we know that they mostly fell under Biden.And as the facts show, indisputably this growth they're talking about is not going to American workers at all, it's going to the immigrants and the rich people who get to pay lower wages. And that explains a lot, because it explains why rich people are giving so much money to Biden. And it explains why Biden is keeping the border open. And it explains why working-class Americans are loyal to Trump.But rather than actually analyzing these issues, in an honest way, The Post just views propaganda, quoting the pro-open borders Cato Institute, as if that were unbiased.Here's the fact, when the economy is doing great, Americans will see big increases in real median income like they did in 2019 under Trump. And by the way, another reason why Americans are disillusioned, the post-COVID job growth has gone almost entirely to non-native born Americans.The Center for Immigration Studies examine the data from the general household survey, which is used by the U.S. Census Bureau, and they found that when comparing the fourth quarter of 2019 to the fourth quarter of 2023, it shows that 2.7 million more people were working in the United States. 2.9 million more immigrants, legal and illegal, and 183,000 fewer U.S. born Americans working.Now since the depths of the COVID recession and 2020 employment that's increased for both groups, but the number of U.S. born workers has not made it back to the 2019 pre-COVID level. Wow. No wonder they hate Bidenomics, and open border equals lower wages and fewer jobs. Now imagine if Democrats had their way and all these migrants could vote.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you have the privilege to vote, who are you going to vote for?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Joe Biden. He's helping us here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think the majority are for Biden.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's the one helping us, Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He likes supporting the migrants. He's a very good person. And Trump is a different thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, different. And if you think that this was just cherry pick sampling.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Who is best for illegal immigration? Donald Trump or Joe Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump or Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump or Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump or Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're asking for Joe Biden to help us, to help us accomplish our dreams here. And so, we can get ahead.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, of course, because for Biden, it's always illegals first, native born American second, second, third, fourth. There are endless benefits for illegals once they get here and they're doled out by taxpayer funded NGOs nongovernmental organizations, they provide housing and other benefits for -- but remember you pay for them. So, our own Rachel Duffy traveled to Tucson, Arizona to learn more.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL CAMPOS-DUFFY, FOX AND FRIENDS CO-HOST: What you're seeing is basically an unmarked building, all signage is removed. That's the first sign you know that this is an NGO, a non-governmental organization, in this case, Casa Alitas, who is housing illegal immigrants trying to rent a room.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, no, we don't.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Why? Is this the hotel?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We don't -- can you guys get off the property, please.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Is this not a hotel?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you please exit the property, it's private property.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Whose private property, there's no, there's no name outside.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you please exit the building.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Is this where illegals are being housed with government funding?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you please get off our property? All of you, please. Or I'm going to call the police.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Please call them.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You need to, please.CAMPOS-DUFFY: But I need to know what it is. Oh, Casa Alitas.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You can leave, please.CAMPOS-DUFFY: This is Casa, this is an NGO paid for by government money.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're not going to answer any of your questions.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Just can you explain what you do here?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now hold on, as Rachel says, Americans pay for these shelters. But we're not allowed to know what happens inside. And by the way, why aren't those CNN anchors with a perpetually furrowed brows demanding answers? Because they know that when they dig, they'll uncover facts that show just how damaging an open border really is. And New York City, for example, a migrant relocation program received $25 million, but has only settled 174 households, do the math. That's $143,678 per family.Now, how many U.S. veterans get that kind of help finding a home. No wonder Americans are finally understanding that Trump was right. Now a majority say that we need a border wall. Democrats spent years, four years ridiculing Trump for demanding a measly $5 billion for the border and for the wall, it would have paid for itself what, 20x by now. And with Super Tuesday, just days away, look at the polling on illegal immigration, 61 percent now saying it's a very serious issue. And 23 percent say somewhat serious, that's 84 percent of America somewhat serious or serious problem.Now the border is now Biden's biggest political liability. We see this in poll-after-poll. And that's the only reason, the only reason why he's traveling there this week. In years past, he only did what they call a drive-thru.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: He did drive through the border when he was on the campaign trail in 2008. And he is certainly familiar with the fact, and it stuck with him, with the fact that in El Paso, the border goes right through the center of town.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's so embarrassing. Now to explain just how things have gotten so upside down on the border, or why this is even a debate at all, think back to Bill Clinton. No, not about that issue. This issue. Compare how much Biden and the Democrats views on this issue have moved to the Left.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL CLINTON (D) 42ND U.S. PRESIDENT: All Americans, not only in the states most heavily affected, but in every place in this country are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country. We are a nation of immigrants. But we are also a nation of laws. It is wrong and ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years, and we must do more to stop it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And that was just a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of the numbers we have now. But heck, Biden even insisting now that they not be called illegal aliens any longer. It's too dehumanizing, he said. So, the demons suspected of killing Laken Riley is merely an undocumented person or maybe an undocumented Democrat. It's disgusting.My friends, here's the upshot. The Democrats are utterly dependent on the money they raise from rich donors who want unlimited immigration and cheap labor. And they think more illegals will eventually mean more votes for them. And of course, they believe that native born Americans are overwhelmingly racist and evil. And thus, Democrats don't really care how many of those people have to suffer because of the open border.Given all these facts, Democrats will keep the border open as long as possible. The only way to stop them is to beat them. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Rachel Campos-Duffy, co-host of Fox and Friends. Rachel, what else did you learn during your investigation? It was fascinating.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Thank you so much, Laura. I think what I learned the most about was the NGOs. You know, you mentioned how we're paying for all of this. This is a -- what you're seeing, there is a secret hotel, took me about 10 minutes when I was in Tucson to find it. So, they're hiding right under our noses, but nobody actually -- we pay for it, but nobody actually voted for this, which is why they operate in secrecy. And I think what I learned is that we have to stop looking at NGOs as if there's some sort of charity because they have that name.NGO, their Catholic Relief Services. their Lutheran services. So, it sounds like there's some sort of Christian charity that passes out blankets and water bottles, but indeed, they are really like a shadow bureaucracy, a shadow party, a shadow government, for the Democrat Party, and they can do things extra constitutionally and under secrecy that that official agencies can't do like HHS.So, what they do is they farm out, they have different piles of money, some money comes from HHS, some comes the rating, even our FEMA accounts or FEMA money from refugee resettling. And so, you -- it's makes it hard to track where it's coming from. But that's all the stuff that is funding these NGOs and they operate in secrecy, they don't have to answer to anything --INGRAHAM: Oh, no.CAMPOS-DUFFY: And Laura, I say the first second I walked in panic ensued. You know this, if you're doing something on the up and up --INGRAHAM: Yes.CAMPOS-DUFFY: -- you're proud of your work, you want to show what you're doing. Instead, these places operate like CIA black sites --INGRAHAM: They're all fake --CAMPOS-DUFFY: No, no --INGRAHAM: Yes.CAMPOS-DUFFY: -- no label on the building --INGRAHAM: And --CAMPOS-DUFFY: -- and they security that ended up attacking our --INGRAHAM: I want to play that. We have that -- we have that video, and this is your cameraman who had an issue with the Casa Alitas security. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What are you going to do about it?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, touching.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Move, move.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, they don't treat the illegals that way. They tell them not to move but come. Right. So, it's ironic that you guys are pushed out of the way but what happened after that?CAMPOS-DUFFY: Well, not only did they attack our cameraman, but then some - - some -- a black person with a -- with a mask on came out from the -- from the building and started pelting our car and Congressman Biggs's car with rocks.INGRAHAM: What?CAMPOS-DUFFY: So, I mean, and they knew he was a congressman, because we let them know. So, this is the kind of impunity that they operate under. And I don't think they would get away with this, if they were actually honest and part of a government agency that our congressman could have oversight over. Congressman Biggs, who was with us, was not permitted to go inside that that hotel that that place where they're keeping the immigrants --INGRAHAM: Well, yes, Rachel --CAMPOS-DUFFY: -- it's really a strange operation. And I have to tell you, Laura, I'm concerned that the cartels which are very powerful and have networks deep, not just at the border, but deep inside of our country, that they may have also infiltrated these NGOs, we have no idea because we have no way of providing oversight. But you can be sure the cartels depend on the NGOs, their entire pipeline of human trafficking and nobody crosses this border without them.Nobody, nobody crosses without paying them, either cash or with their bodies. And so, I'm concerned that they may have infiltrated these organizations as well.INGRAHAM: Well, the Catholic Relief Services, the Lutheran Relief Services, and other NGOs get a huge pot of money. I believe the Catholic --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Millions.INGRAHAM: -- charity received over $100 million. This was three years ago. Lord knows how much they're getting now. So, this is a lot of money, and these organizations depend on this money too. I mean this is -- I mean, this is a money-making endeavor. Yes, it's a money-making endeavor for over a charity, but the fact that they attacked you like that, and they didn't want you there. That speaks volumes. And this is the first time this has happened. Rachel, thank you. Incredible reporting.Now forgetful about Fani. Nathan Wade's divorce lawyer sounded like Joe Biden talking to the Special Counsel. He couldn't seem to remember anything. Plus, Joe Biden goes on late night to impress young voters. Is it working? We have the numbers. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: All right, Nathan Wade's former divorce attorney was tagged as the star witness and take the load off Fani Willis's misconduct case, but it appears that he may have developed a case of convenient amnesia today while on the stand. Fox News Correspondent Matt Finn has all the details. Matt.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Laura. Today in court the former law partner of Nathan Wade, the special prosecutor accused of having that inappropriate relationship with Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis was pressed hard about when the relationship between Willis and Nathan Wade began.Trump lawyers claimed that Terrence Bradley knows exactly when the relationship between Fani Willis and Nathan Wade started and that he allegedly stated in previous conversations with one defense attorney that Wade had a garage door opener to Willis's home and that Willis and Wade may have even had sex in an office.Bradley testified he could not recall saying those statements and insist that he does not know exactly what year Willis and Wade began their romantic relationship, which Trump lawyers called into question.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you tell lies about your friends?TERENCE BRADLEY, NATHAN WADE'S FORMER DIVORCE ATTORNEY: Have I told lies about friends? I could have. I don't know.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you tell lies about your friends about a case of national importance?BRADLEY: I can't answer that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Overruled.BRADLEY: I could have, I don't know.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: The date about when Willis and Wade began their romantic relationship is critical as Trump lawyers argue it began before Willis appointed Wade as a special prosecutor in Trump's 2020 Georgia election interference case, allegedly creating a conflict of interest in which Willis also received financial benefits from Wade's pay.Now, we're also waiting to hear whether the judge will allow Wade cell phone data into evidence. They alleged that Wade was in Willis's neighborhood at least 35 times. That issue is scheduled to be addressed in court on Friday, Laura.INGRAHAM: Matt, thanks so much.FINN: Sure.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SETH MEYERS, LATE NIGHT HOST: This is something that you seem to have a lot of fun with. You've co-opted. You've co-opted dark brand, and this is a yard signs and do you enjoy playing around with the dark brand meme?JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No, I resent the hell out of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, brother. From TikTok to late night, Biden is pulling out all the stops to capture the youth vote that he ran away with in 2020. Remember, he led Trump by 20 points back then. But now it turns out Gen Z and millennials are having buyers or is it Biden's remorse? The warning signs came a few months ago as the war in Gaza raged on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I voted for Biden. And I told my friends too as well.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you plan on voting for him this November?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, no, not anymore.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's now angry at the President over his support for Israel's invasion of Gaza.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He is allowing this war to happen and is funding this war. I don't know what will happen if I don't vote for him. But I know it won't be me supporting that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And now a new Axios poll shows that Biden now leads Trump by just 4 percent among voters ages 18 to 34. Joining me now to discuss is Xaviaer Durousseau, Prager University personality and former Black Lives Matter activist, along with Isabel Brown, a Gen Z content creator and author. Isabel, there's a New York Times Siena College poll that narrows the numbers down to just Gen Z, and that's ages 18 to 29. 49 percent of those voters support Trump, just 43 percent for Biden, so why that shift?ISABEL BROWN, GEN Z CONTENT CREATOR: You know, Laura, it's incredibly exciting to see and it's not the only polling suggesting extreme support for President Trump. Another poll dropped this week covered by Newsweek Magazine said 64 percent of that age group approves of Donald Trump's performance during his first term as president, but it's really no secret, politics we believe is downstream from culture.And if we zoom out to what's happening, culturally in America today, we see the radical authoritarian Left controlling every aspect of what it means to be an American, our education, our entertainment, our news media, our politics, our church and everything in between. And like every young generation who came before us, we want to rebel against those in power. It just so happens that to rebel and be countercultural, and a bit rebellious today means to embrace traditional values and to be a conservative again, which is what we're seeing with Gen Z.We're rejecting four-year liberal arts degrees and underwater lesbian basket weaving. We're entrepreneurial. We're deleting our dating apps and quitting our birth control, which might not seem like revolutionary acts on their face, but I think we're going to see the political downstream effects of changing this culture from the inside out, one election at a time.INGRAHAM: Yes, well, Xaviaer. Last week, I asked former President Trump about Biden's use of TikTok to connect with young voters, despite the concerns about national security. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, right now I'm leading with the young voters by a lot, they want to see competence much more so than being on TikTok's, I believe that. TikTok, I was going to ban it permanently, but Congress didn't want to do it. I said, look, I'm going to do what you want to do in this case, and they didn't want to do it. They're pretty well taken care of, but I don't think it's going to matter for him.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, Xaviaer, if you could advise the Trump campaign, how do you ensure that this positive swing of young voters translates to actual votes in November?XAVIAER DUROUSSEAU, PRAGERU PERSONALITY: I think we need to make sure that we're always keeping Gen Z aware of when voting is and just staying in front of Gen Z as much as possible, but ultimately this isn't working out for Joe Biden because his pandering is not working, because the results are not there.America under Joe Biden is quickly becoming the United States of Section 8, and Gen Z is tired, and we are ready to lead the change that we desperately need, because we're sick of being gaslighted and told that we need to support and believe in the social justice issues rather than focusing on the fact that we can't afford houses. And that cost of living is completely unbearable for those of us that are young, single, and in our 20s. We asked for a president who was standing on business, and it said, we have a president who is standing on poverty.INGRAHAM: Well, Isabel, it seems to me that a lot of times the RNC and other Republican organizations, they put out super polished young people. I mean, you guys are, obviously but it seems to me especially with younger voters, and that younger demographic, you need influencers out there. I mean, Biden goes to TikTok to connect with them, but they're not just on TikTok. They're all over the country in different professions. So, aren't those the people that need to be engaged to turn their people out to vote for Trump?BROWN: I couldn't agree more, Laura. And the truth is authenticity is what's so starkly missing with a lot of these political and media-based conversations surrounding elections, especially now in 2024. Look, this is a very productive conversation. But unfortunately, no one our age is going to watch this, because we happen to consume most of our information from social media.Interestingly, TikTok is not just our favorite social media platform, it's actually surpassed Google to be the number one search engine for Generation Z today, whether you're looking up where to go for your dinner reservation on Friday night, or what to do on vacation or who to vote for, for President of the United States. We're not typing that into our computer browsers or looking it up on TV, we're searching for it on TikTok.So, as frustrating and confusing as it may be to wrap your head around. I have to give kudos to the Biden administration for realizing that they need to go where culture is, if they want to see that --INGRAHAM: Well, that's a problem --BROWN: -- downstream political effect play out --INGRAHAM: Xaviaer, hold on.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Hold on, Isabel. Xaviaer, really quickly, the problem is TikTok sucks up data from young people and everyone else, and then is ultimately going to exploit that data. It's a national security concern. So, President Trump jumps into TikTok, he's actually countering what he said repeatedly on the trail and while he was president.DUROUSSEAU: Yes, I don't actually think it's worth it for President Trump to get on TikTok. I think it is worth it for creators like Isabel Brown and I to be on TikTok, so that we can reach our audiences because it's less of a threat for someone like her or I to go on TikTok, but for a presidential campaign to be on TikTok, I don't think that that's worth it.But the benefit of the fact that Gen Z is chronically online, is the fact that we have seen continuously all of Joe Biden's lies being spilled out there. And President Trump --INGRAHAM: Good point.DUROUSSEAU: -- is honest to a fault at times but at least we know his word is good.INGRAHAM: Yes. But we know TikTok wants Joe Biden to win, that's the problem. Xaviaer, Isabel, fascinating. We'll see how it all goes. And is Joe Biden's climate agenda, well, partly going to be responsible for a food shortage in the United States. Cattle farmers are getting squeezed now and they're fed up. They're ready to fight back, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: As the global elites dine on the finest cuts of wagyu beef, they stay up late at night worrying about cows.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Globally, cows and other livestock are responsible for about 40 percent of methane emissions, a potent greenhouse gas. In digesting their high-fiber diet, cows emit methane as a byproduct, making them one of the least climate-friendly sources of food on the planet.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They want fewer cows and restrictions on the ones that are left.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Agriculture contributes about 33 percent of all the emissions of the world. We can't get to net zero. We don't get this job done unless agriculture is front and center.We've got to push more. We've got to be more militant, maybe.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mr. Militant, Claymation, must be thrilled to see that. According to the USDA, beef cattle inventory has hit its lowest level in decades. We're actually running low on cows. Now, to put this into perspective, the last time inventory was this low, outgoing climate czar, John Kerry, was testifying before Congress about ending the Vietnam War.Now, what does that all mean for you? Some ranchers say a food crisis may be in our future. I'm joined by two of them now. Shad Sullivan is a cattle rancher based in Texas and Colorado. And John Boyd Jr. is a fourth- generation cattle rancher and founder of the National Black Farmers Association.John, let's start with you. I know you're dealing with the effects of the previous drought, but when you add up all the factors and the political pressures that are brought to bear here, how bad could this get for the American consumer of beef?JOHN BOYD JR., NATIONAL BLACK FARMERS ASSOCIATION FOUNDER: Well, you know, farmers are going out of business every day. And what's happening is America's beef cattle producers are depleting their herds. So, they're not having more calves so they can multiply. We are producing 1 billion pounds less of American beef than we were last year this time. So, this is a crisis that's going to affect every American at the local grocery stores.But here's what's problematic for me. We help all of these other foreign countries, $100 billion to Ukraine, and help Ukraine farmers, but we won't help America's farmers right here at home. We have farmers facing farm foreclosure, and USDA will not stop farm foreclosures in this country for direct loans, guaranteed loans, and other agricultural lenders.And I've made that request on your network many times. We're down to 40,000 black farmers in this country. And guess what? We're facing extinction. And these policies aren't helping cattlemen like myself stay on the farm.We have the highest input cost that you've seen in our decades, about diesel fuel prices gone through. And this is why farmers can't stay on the farm.INGRAHAM: But this is what they want.BOYD JR.: We need new policies that can help us stay on the farm.INGRAHAM: John, this is what they want. High energy costs hurt Americans. And Shad, I know you're chomping at the bit here, to use a phrase relevant to horses and cows. But what is your take here on how and why this is happening beyond the cyclical effects of weather?SHAD SULLIVAN, CATTLE RANCHER: Yeah, you bet. John -- what John is talking about is a symptom of the overreaching problem. And the overreaching problem is globalism. It's the global elites claiming that climate change is ruining the world and that we must implement sustainability, which is just production and consumption control across the world. We see it going on all over.Because of this, it is -- we're becoming vertically integrated in our system. The beef cattle industry is the last bastion of freedom. And so, we have to take the bull by the horns, so to speak, and stop these global elites from implementing all of these regulations, these sustainable regulations that they claim that cattle are ruining the planet.And we have to stop that and make sure people understand that sustainability is nothing but communism, any-ism, except Americanism. And it's coming from the top down. We are a nation whose laws are from the bottom up. And we need to be controlling that.John is right in everything that he says. But it's a symptom of what is going on. And we have to get on top of that. Otherwise, we will see Americans eating bugs in the next 20 years, as we know that two, of the four major meat packers have invested heavily in bugs. One, Tyson Foods announcing two weeks ago that they're going to build a $500 million plant for crickets.So, this problem is real. But it's a liberty and freedom issue. And that's where we have to focus on. We have to stop this.INGRAHAM: John, really quickly, you saw what's going on, and you've seen what's going on in Europe and the European farmers protesting on Maas in Paris and in Germany, Norway, goes on and on. They want to take their land and they want to put a lot of those farmers out of business. Why, John, why? Real quick.BOYD JR.: And they're doing the same thing in these countries because they're seeing the same things that we're seeing right here in the United States and stuff. We've been too quiet here.And, you know, I looked at that climate bill and the monies that they put out there, $3 billion, and it went to large companies like Pepsi-Cola, you know, who has a contractor. I mean, why are we funding Pepsi-Cola to find black farmers to do some kind of climate outreach?And I can promise you right now, no one has contacted us. We haven't got a dime of those resources that they say are to help farmers like us. That's the problem. So, the monies go to everywhere else. They go to foreign countries. They go to Ukraine. They go to Ukraine farmers. And nobody's saying anything about it.And what I'm saying today is the president hasn't came to the table to have a meeting to even discuss these issues.INGRAHAM: You need a new president. Yeah, you need a new president. That's what has to happen. This isn't going to get any better.BOYD JR.: Well, the grass is growing, the cows are starving, and that young man over there understands what I'm saying. We need action and we need it now. And we need leadership and we need it now. Put America's farmers first, not last.And if we don't, we're going to be begging third world countries to send us some food if we don't start putting farmers first in this country.INGRAHAM: Just as we were doing during COVID, for medicine, we want to do the same thing for food, even though we're totally sustainable in the United States. Shad and John, let them eat bugs. That's what they want. Thank you.All right, Joe Biden gets his elections a little bit mixed up, and surge pricing coming to a major fast-food chain. Jimmy Failla explains it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Goody, goody, goody. Now it's time for WTF, What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday Night. Jimmy, good to see you, buddy.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: You, too.INGRAHAM: How are you?FAILLA: I'm better now.INGRAHAM: All right. Biden finally gave us some insight, Jimmy, into his political agenda. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: What's your 2024 agenda? Because I feel like we live in such crazy times that that is one of the things I feel we hear less about.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Look, the 2020 agenda is to finish the job. For example, we're now in a position where we have the strongest economy of any major nation in the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Is there a laugh track that should have come in there, Jimmy? The strongest economy.FAILLA: Hey, this explains why he's not really campaigning. He thinks it's 2020 and the pandemic is still going on. But you've got to appreciate the historical significance of that interview. It's not every day that the lowest rated president sits down with the lowest rated talk show host. That's kind of a historical moment, but it was hard to watch and not feel like, you know, it's time for Biden to step aside for somebody younger like Moses.INGRAHAM: I mean, Jimmy, the idea that he can actually claim that we have the strongest economy, I guess, in the G7. He must be looking at Trump's numbers in 2019 when it was actually the case.FAILLA: Yeah, thank you. Like we're living in the golden age of people selling pictures of their feet. That's never a good sign for the guy running the economy is all I'm saying.INGRAHAM: Yeah, people are selling their own blood now to try to get money from the blood bank.FAILLA: And I'm buying it to pass drug tests. I know all about it.INGRAHAM: Yeah, you've done that for years. All right, Jimmy, we have some big news and I know this is huge, it's certainly huge for my kids, in the food world, because KFC is trying a new kind of combo. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You think KFC's new chizza isn't pizza because it's made with crispy fried chicken? You think the marinara, mozzarella, and pepperoni aren't enough? Well, you're right. It's not pizza. It's cheetah. Only at KFC.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: What just happened?INGRAHAM: Jimmy, will this be -- will you be indulging on this?FAILLA: To be fair, OK, this is the perfect meal for that moment where you want chicken but you also want man boobs. I mean, come on.INGRAHAM: What?FAILLA: I mean, you're just going to get fat. This is so fattening. It's disgusting. This is like, did they put a stoned 15-year-old in charge of their menu? Dude, what if we put pizza on top of the fried chicken? No, this is insane.INGRAHAM: But, Jimmy, isn't it like chicken parm? Sam just said it seems like chicken parm.FAILLA: Yeah, I mean, it's chicken parm if you've given up on life. But no, I can't get -- you know I love your staff, but the dude does not abide this combo. This is not good. It's not good.INGRAHAM: Are you -- I don't like chicken on pizza. Do you -- I don't like chicken on pizza. I don't like pineapple on pizza. One thing on pizza and it's pepperoni other than the mozzarella.FAILLA: I'll give you that. I'm old school. Pizza doesn't need to be complicated, OK? And neither does KFC. KFC should stick to doing what they do best which is giving us diabetes. I love KFC. I'm not shunning them. We just didn't ask for this combo.INGRAHAM: Yeah, I think they're worried about Chick-fil-A. They're trying to do something there. Now, Jimmy, Wendy's just announced that it's going to try price surging just like Uber is.A spokesman told Fox News Digital that they're going to begin testing a variety of enhanced features on digital menu boards like dynamic pricing, different offerings in certain parts of the day, A.I.-enabled menu changes ,and suggestive selling based on factors such as weather.FAILLA: Oh.INGRAHAM: Jimmy, it cost them $20 million, apparently.FAILLA: Yeah, this is crazy. I just love the A.I.-driven menu change. That means you can't get a vanilla milkshake anymore, because, you know, they won't show anything white.INGRAHAM: No, that's verboten.FAILLA: Come on, Wendy's. I don't want this annoying time schedule. It's a burger. It's not a train. We don't need surge pricing. I can't get behind this. I'm back to the chizza now.INGRAHAM: Yeah, it's like congestion pricing in New York, right?FAILLA: That's what I mean.INGRAHAM: You don't want anyone to go to Lower Manhattan. You can't get in --. Surge pricing. I mean --FAILLA: Thumbs down. And I am their demo. Look at me. I look like I get paid in French-fries. Wendy's, take my words to heart.INGRAHAM: All right. Jimmy, great to see you. We miss you. All right. Don't forget to catch Jimmy when he takes his tour on the road starting this weekend in Idaho. Wow.Coming up, is Joe Biden headed for a big embarrassment tonight in Michigan? The first polls close just minutes from now. Our political panel is here to break it all down. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: The first polls are closing in minutes in Michigan, and Donald Trump is, of course, set to win the GOP primary bigly. And although President Biden will also win his primary, he's facing strong headwinds from every direction and seems to have a real commitment issue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I did vote uncommitted today.UNKNOWN: I'm planning on voting uncommitted.UNKNOWN: We should send a message to our Democrats that we're just not happy with what's going on, not just with like here, but abroad as well.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Chris Bedford, senior contributor at The Federalist. And Victor Davis Hanson, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution. Victor, we're seeing a lot of division on the left. Obviously, there's division on the right as well. But just how big of a problem is this going to be for the Biden campaign as reality begins to set in as they get closer to the general?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Yeah, I think we're getting to a point of no return, Laura, with the corruption issue, the cognitive issue, and the unpopularity and disaster of his agenda, and now this defection within the Democratic Party. It's more of a question of not if they're going to try to remove him, but when and how, and I don't think they have the answers to either one.It's really the most remarkable meltdown of a president we've seen in our modern era, and it's juxtaposed with probably the greatest political recovery of Donald Trump since Richard Nixon in 1962. And Donald Trump, the more they try to demonize and incarcerate him or use lawfare against him, the more popular he becomes. So, it's bizarre how things have just flipped since 2021.It's remarkable. I think they're in a dilemma and they don't -- they know what they have to do, but they don't know how to do it and when to do it.INGRAHAM: Well, MSNBC is worried because Biden's problem of the uncommitted voters may portend a much larger problem in the general. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This is a problem all across the country. And I hope that the president and Blinken can get this thing calmed down, because if it don't get calmed down before the Democratic Convention, it's going to be a very ugly time in Chicago. I promise you that. They're going to have to tell B.B. Netanyahu, hey, dude, we're not going to lose our election because you're scared to go to jail.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Chris, Biden was hinting at a ceasefire coming. Will that stem the exit polls that we're seeing tonight?CHRIS BEDFORD, THE FEDERALIST SENIOR CONTRIBUTOR: I think it's probably going to take more than that. I think some of those actions, like that, might bring back some of the white liberal voters we've seen getting interviewed. Some of the younger woke folks who just, for whatever reason, their education decided to side with Hamas on this.At the end of the day, when they're faced with a Donald Trump versus Joe Biden, they might come around. But in a state like Michigan where Donald Trump had made historic inroads with a lot of working-class white voters the Democratic Party's left behind and left on the table, they need a lot of those Muslim voters who aren't as fickle as some of the young college students, etc., who may end up backing Biden in the end.Those voters you've seen interview after interview with, I think he might be losing that coalition. They've got a different foreign policy idea than what the White House currently has, and it's going to take a lot more than just a call for a ceasefire to bring them back.INGRAHAM: Victor, a new Emerson College poll has Trump trouncing Biden in key swing states. Check this out. He's up 10 points in Nevada, 9 in North Carolina and Georgia, 5 in Pennsylvania. He's winning Wisconsin and Michigan as well.Now, Victor, those are strong numbers, no doubt. But I've talked to, you know, top Republicans who are remaining very worried about mail-in ballots, and believe that Republicans may still, after all these years, still not have a strategy to get their own mail-in ballot initiative going in states where they don't control the legislature.HANSON: I'm very worried too. I think if you look at every demographic, Trump is doing much better than he did in 2016 and 2020, especially he's up to maybe 18 percent of blacks, and 42 or 3 percent of Latinos.But if you have these swing states that have gone from 35 percent mail-in balloting to 70 percent, and the rejection rate of invalid ballots has fallen from 4 to 5 percent, traditionally, down to 0.2 or 0.3 when they're flooded with them, then you've got a real problem that I think that they're going to have to win by 4 or 5 points in these swing states to cancel out this advantage they have in mail-in balloting.And that's -- you know, I don't want to be too conspiratorial, Laura, but when you see 7 million people flood the border and they're open, it's not laxity, it was a choice that's deliberate. I think it's coinciding with the availability of mail-in ballots.INGRAHAM: Well, they knew that this was coming, so if they don't have the lawyers in place, if they don't have the strategy in place, Republicans have no one to blame but themselves. Chris and Victor, thank you.That's it for us tonight. Remember, it's America now and forever. Follow me on social, that's Instagram and X. And Jesse is next.