TED WILLIAMS, FORMER D.C. HOMICIDE DETECTIVE: We are under a crime alert and we need to face the reality of what is going on in these various cities.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well put, my friend. Thank you on such short notice. Ted for helping us out, Ted Williams on that. We will of course keep you posted if any developments come out of Pennsylvania and if the police have anything to say.Meanwhile, here's THE FIVE.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone, I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro along with Tulsi Gabbard, Jesse Watters, Dana Perino, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The liberal media is hammering Joe Biden for snubbing an audience of 100 million Americans and skipping the traditional Super Bowl interview for the second year in a row. It seems like a no-brainer, bring your reelection message to a massive audience of potential voters. But some of the press say that the big baby in the White House just can't handle it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREA MITCHELL, MSNBC HOST: I couldn't figure out that Super Bowl interview passing on that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He can really get his message out to an audience just sitting, waiting for him, waiting for his message. It's telling is it because he can't handle it?If he is not able to follow the questions, if his staff is worried that he can connect the dots and find the word that he's looking for, that's a problem.STEPHANIE RUHLE, MSNBC HOST: He's giving up an opportunity to talk to millions of people this Sunday, turning down a pre-Super Bowl interview.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, he will never have that size audience again, and make his case.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But maybe there's a good reason why the White House wants to hide Biden, it would be a total disaster. Joe Biden has been racking up some really embarrassing gaffes lately, like forgetting the name of the terror group Hamas, and claiming to have met with a French president who died almost 30 years ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's been a response from the opposition but --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hamas?BIDEN: Yes, I'm sorry, from Hamas.Right after I was elected, I went to what they call a G7 meeting. And I sat down and I said, America is back. And Mitterrand from Germany -- I mean, from France looked at me and said, you know, what -- why -- how long you back for? ((END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Even the White House is having a hard time defending Biden's embarrassing mix-ups.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: How is President Biden ever going to convince the three-quarters of voters who are worried about his physical and mental health that he is OK even though in Las Vegas, he told the story about recently talking to a French president who died in 1996.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I'm not even going to go down that rabbit hole with you, sir.We're going to go ahead. Go ahead.DOOCY: Why is the rabbit hole? He said he talked to Mitterrand --JEAN-PIERRE: You saw the President in Vegas, in California. You've seen the president in South Carolina. You saw him in Michigan. I will just leave it there.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But there's one president who would gladly do the Super Bowl interview, Donald Trump says he would be happy to replace Biden, and that it would be ratings gold. But so far, the chairman of CBS Sports, which is hosting the game is shutting down the idea.OK, Dana, this year of Super Bowl, they say is estimated to bring in almost 200 million viewers, the most ever.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Think of all those Swifty fans that are going to be watching.PIRRO: Yes, and what a missed opportunity for reelection efforts.PERINO: And so as I've said yesterday, I'm OK if this tradition goes away completely. President Trump didn't do it in 2018. And I think that probably -- if I recall correctly, it was like, like, unlikely to be a fair interview in his mind.Biden gets very fair interviews. In fact, reporters even help him out by saying, it's Hamas or Hamas is who we're talking about. And I get that, I was just telling Greg, I do that in school all the time, if I would have sympathy for people who couldn't come up with the answer, so I would whisper it and try to help them. You don't really shouldn't -- you shouldn't really do that for a president of the United States as doing an interview, especially when 23 percent of people in the NBC poll say that Biden has the necessary physical and mental strength to be president, 23 percent.So, I understand also that every interview is a risk opportunity. So, if there's a high risk, but there's also really high reward if you do it well.So imagine, if he came out, he did the three-minute interview as Jesse was saying, he nails it. it was like, wow, so all those people who are worried that he doesn't have the mental strength and capacity can maybe put that aside and think about the issues.But I think the White House has calculated that the risk is so great, that he won't be able to nail it. And it could even be disastrous, that it would do irreparable harm and if they want to get him reelected, they'll keep him off big interviews like that.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, we first heard that they were -- they had this kind of saran wrap approach. You know, they were going to keep him wrapped up and not let him out.But for the past couple of weeks they've been saying you know Joe's going to come out, Joe is going to come out. But I think this latest Mitterrand and Hamas gaffes, do you think that they've decided to go in the other direction because there's too much risk to an unscripted interview.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I mean, I would have second thoughts after I see dead people. I'd stay in Delaware the next weekend.The media is there to help Democrats not hide Democrats. This is a business. Donald Trump made the careers of dozens of people in the press.Joe Biden is destroying the press. Have you seen all of these companies are laying off thousands of media people? Thousands of them don't have jobs anymore.When you had Trump as president, you had action. You had access. You had excitability. People got shows on cable, they wrote books, they became millionaires. That's because Trump engaged.It's no fun to cover a campaign when the president doesn't campaign. These people have seen real campaigns. Clinton, Bush, Obama, Trump, some of the most vigorous and active bully pulpit, exploiters there ever was and then you have a guy to slumber party.At first in 2020, it's like, OK, we played along and hit him because of COVID and Trump was the devil, they're not going to do that again. They're going to hide him when there's no COVID.So, I think you're seeing the media start to be torn a little bit. You see two business reporters, saying, what's this guy doing? And you're also going to see CBS strike back. CBS is going to be happy that the sitting president just dissed them on Super Bowl Sunday. They're going to start talking about this. They need somebody to go on their shows. You can't have a president who's a Democrat and all these Democrat anchors have no one to talk to.This is a problem, you're going to see it start shifting pretty soon. It can't go on much more like this.PIRRO: You know, Tulsi, I mean, if the president can't handle an interview during the Super Bowl or to be played during the Super Bowl, what do you think he's saying or speaking to when he's talking to Xi Jinping or when he's talking to Putin? Or if he does, does he talk to them?TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I think, good question. But really, to me, this is such a missed opportunity. Because, again, this is the Super Bowl. Ideally, you have a relationship between the president commander-in-chief and the American people and voters and this is an opportunity to connect with a couple hundred million people in this country. You know, he either doesn't feel connected, or maybe he thinks that football fans are MAGA Trump supporters. I don't know what it is. But it is an incredibly missed opportunity to be able to speak directly to the American people.And I think it is a sign that his handlers don't trust him. And they will look to the basement strategy that he used last time, because they don't want him to be held to account for his failures to the American people, whether it's border security, rampant crime, inflation, increasing cost of living, these are the issues that he needs to be confronted on. And I think they're afraid, they're afraid to put him in the spotlight.PIRRO: All right, did CBS make a mistake in not entertaining Trump's decision or request?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, yes, and I'm going to get to that in a second. But this interview is perfect for Joe, because it's a no- brainer. And we showed -- we showed like this montage of all of his gibberish, and we call them gaffes. Those are not gaffes because gaffes suggests that they are rare or unusual. What is rare and unusual is when he makes sense.It's funny when you mentioned gaffe, that's when you can actually understand what Joe is saying. And what kind of questions do they think are going to trip him up? What's your name? I mean, what are they worried about it when they ask him what's his favorite Super Bowl snack? Are they worried that he's going to say Francois Mitterrand?Look, they could do it at his house. Jill could be next to him, a medical professional, right? Literally, he has to be conscious for three minutes, right? Surely there's a drug for that, call Hunter. He's got something lying around. Maybe the White House still has that baggie of coke in the evidence room, who knows.But it's weird. It's like Joe not doing the Super Bowl interview sends a horrible message that's far worse than he did it and screwed up because it's saying I can't do it. It's like ducking an interview with a Magic 8 Ball.Imagine the only way to sell a product is by hiding it from the public. You know, it's like imagining doing merch for your band. And your t-shirt is completely blank. Because you don't want them to hear the music. It's crazy.So, I think they have a great opportunity to take Trump on his offer and we've mentioned it here first, but the interview, if it does doesn't happen. Trump should do it anyway. And you know who with?Me, you Donald, we do a halftime interview, you pick the place. We'll do it. We'll do it, five minutes. 10 minutes. It'll be great. Just counter program. That's what you're known for.I'm not doing anything Sunday. I don't even know who's playing. I think they're setting the stage for the big reveal, which is no debates with Trump.PERINO: Absolutely.GUTFELD: That's what this is.PERINO: I have to say. Also, if you had asked me, and I'm fairly lucid, who was the French president in the 1990s, I would -- I don't know, starts with an M. I might have been able to come up with Mitterrand, I don't know. So, that was a real weird throwback.PIRRO: And I still don't know what the rabbit hole is that KJP was talking about. What rabbit hole?PERINO: I don't know what else you could possibly say.PIRRO: Well, anyway, up next, the hammer-wheeling pizza shop owner going to town on a robber in California as Gavin Newsom vows to send in an army of cops to stop crime there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Not all heroes wear capes. Some even carry hammers. Workers out of Oakland pizza shop fending off a fourth robbery attempt in just over a month and they only had a hammer to fight back. They also threw a recycling bin at the crook. The suspect was later arrested. It's just the latest shocking video to come out of prime ravage Oakland, which is getting so bad that Governor Gavin Newsom is being forced to take action, he will be deploying 120 more California Highway Patrol officers in Oakland to haven't made an effort to crack down on crime and only took some major businesses to flee like that. In-N-Out Burger shutting down, as well as big companies like Blue Shield and Clorox warning employees to hire security or take other actions to keep workers safe.But is the governor only taking this action to save his favorite burger joint?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So, I come into your state.GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): Yes, sir.HANNITY: First thing I love to do, I go straight to In-N-Out Burger. That is one of the greatest things of your state.NEWSOM: Legit. You're right about In-N-Out Burger, and that's a great way to end.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: He said, Greg, that he wants to send the Highway Patrol to restore a sense of safety. What about actual safety?GUTFELD: I'll tell you, appearances only matter. I mean, just look at him - - look at him. Somebody here on this table called this first, to get any action done, you may have to get the politician to feel the pain of their own policies intimately. And he got it right in the gut.Because I predicted In-N-Out was going to be the catalyst because it's his family's favorite restaurant. And when In-N-Out close, that was a direct shot at him. Because you could be as the public but you can't be as your kids who are now wishing he had gotten recalled because they could have their burger. The intensity of pain that a public endures is based on the time that it takes the Democrats to start acting like Republicans.And so, the goal for this for us is to speed that up, get the party of ruin, to come to their senses, because the Democratic Party for some reason lately is addicted to chaos. And we have to keep doing these interventions, right?And like an addict, the left has to hit rock bottom. The problem is they're taking everybody with them.PERINO: Well, I'm happy for there to be more highway patrol. But Judge, if they don't change the prosecution -- the prosecution record, then, you know, he could get behind that repeal effort that I've mentioned, to repeal Prop 47. It has 300,000 signatures. The governor could put some fire into that, instead of just having to hire the officers.PIRRO: Yes, he could do that. And -- but I just want to go back to the beginning of this, with Gavin Newsom, it's always about him, you remember was it last week or the week before with Target, and he wanted to manager called immediately when she said this is all Gavin Newsom's fault, describing all the theft that was going on.And now he sends 120 California Highway Patrol, and at first I thought that was strange. Then I found out with a little research that the state police apparently have merged with highway patrol in California, which is you know, why they're involved in this, but his violent crime is going down in some areas, not down significantly. I mean, Oakland is through the roof.And you've got -- you've got it to the point where it's a third world country where companies are telling people don't go out to get lunch, don't eat lunch, Clorox and Kaiser Permanente are saying, when you get here, we'll call security, we'll walk out with you.This is the United States of America and this guy thinks he should be a candidate for president? I mean, this is absurd and that they don't take the appropriate action done that you talk about, Dana, with respect to law enforcement and bail and police making arrests, then they're going to -- they're going to live with this.This is his signature state and they defunded police in 2021. They also made the decision to get rid of all of these violence prevention programs, where kids had opportunities to get involved in after-school programs, not get involved in gangs, you know, that's all it is feet.PERINO: And Tulsi, I always feel -- I know all of us do. But I immediately think about the worker who's getting an hourly wage, and they are not protected. And they're trying to protect themselves with a hammer.GABBARD: Yes, exactly. And they know firsthand that people like Gavin Newsom, and Joe Biden and his administration, they don't actually care about the pain and the struggles and hardships that people in these communities are going through just trying to survive and get to work and home safely at the end of the day.So, the realization is not like, oh, my gosh, crime is actually really bad. Let's do something about it. The pain is coming from the threat to their power. They're seeing that the American people are very concerned about rampant crime in their communities. They're very concerned about the open borders and the immigration crisis and are recognizing this is actually going to have a big impact and the outcome of this election, it's an election year, Gavin Newsom, Joe Biden and all these other people in cities that have not cared about this stuff until now are realizing OK, well, this is going to drive voters, let's make pretend like we care, start doing something about it and hope that the American people are stupid enough to fall for it. They think very little of us. We're not stupid, and we're paying attention.PERINO: I mean, so somebody like a company like In-N-Out Burger can really get headlines, right? But what about small businesses? I don't ever hear the administration or Gavin Newsom, they don't talk about small businesses very often,WATTERS: They should. If I was advising them, I would talk small business a lot, but I'm not because I have a real job.Dana, we're making Newsom president just like MSNBC made Trump president in 2016. All of these positive stories about Gavin deploying anti-Crime Task Forces all over California. It's happening, Dana, I can feel it, the guy --PERINO: Are you off the Michelle Obama train now?WATTERS: Oh, no, we're going to cover that heavily tonight. This guy went so far left during COVID. He's now doing a massive course correction. And he's going on Fox. He's admitting homelessness is a problem. He's going to battleground states. He's deploying the police.All you need to be president, height, hair and a lot of money. Guys got it all. If he can just run a normal campaign, he's a shoe in for 28. You say, listen, I was the first guy to marry gays. But I don't think kindergarteners should read about gay sex. I'm going to fight street crime but I'm also going to fight white-collar crime. I want to secure the border. I also want immigration. I want to wean people off of welfare and then we incorporations off welfare too, it's a layup. If I was advising him that's what I tell him. I'll probably lose my job tomorrow and I'll be available. That was a joke.PERINO: We don't want to lose you. But if you covered that story one more time tonight, you're going to hear explosions in my head.GUTFELD: Do you know why they call it In-N-Out?PERINO: Why?GUTFELD: Just think about it.WATTERS: Come on.PERINO: I still don't get it. OK. Straight ahead, you can blame MAGA for this President Biden. I'm still thinking about it, as President Biden is letting in migrants at the fastest rate we've ever seen.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Joe Biden didn't think this attack line through.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Every day between now and November, the American people are going to know that the only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump and his MAGA Republican friends.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That's not easy to disprove. The big guy is trying to frame Donald Trump and MAGA Republicans for his border crisis and blaming them for the busted border bill.But shocking new numbers tell a different tale. Border officials have encountered more than one million migrants since October 1st. The fastest rate in history.Meanwhile, liberal leaders who got reeled in by the sanctuary city siren song, but then balked at the sight of migrant hordes beating up cops and dragging women into by polls are backing up Joe's blame the Republicans pabulum.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): We're going on offense, because guess what, there was a solution sitting right in front of you. It was gift wrapped.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): They have some more things they wanted, the president agreed. And now they didn't take yes for an answer. And that's because of Donald Trump.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Donald Trump wants chaos. America will know who was for fixing the border and who was not.JEAN-PIERRE: Republicans have choice to make. It's clear that they're picking politics over the American people.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And the human thumb who just dodged impeachment is speaking out. Alejandro Mayorkas saying he's not going anywhere.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY, HOMELAND SECURITY: The allegations are baseless. And I'm focused on the work, which was what brings me to Las Vegas today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Republicans have indicated they may hold another vote and they might have the numbers at that point to impeach you. If that happened, would you consider stepping aside?MAYORKAS: No, I would not.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: So, surprise, Judge, appears that Joe Biden's TDS is turned into Trump Tourette's. And it's like, how can they blame him? He's not president. The numbers were so -- way lower under him. And yet, how is this even possible?PIRRO: Well, because they live in a world where they turn everything back and they aim it at you. Whatever they're doing, they aim it at Donald Trump, they're suffering from Trump derangement syndrome.Look, fiscal year, a million people, that's three months so far. Donald Trump, when he left there were 70,000 who came in in the last month that he was president. They came in and the first thing they did, you know all of this, was, you know, they stopped building the wall when Biden came in, and they stopped Title 42. And they -- and what was the other thing, Remain in Mexico. All right, so their whole agenda was to bring in as many people as possible. And now they want to blame Donald Trump.And you know, Hochul going on offense. You know what, I don't think she even knows what she's talking about. And then, you get to Nancy Pelosi and the truth is that the numbers are there. Joe Biden can shut down the border right now. He refuses to do it. He wanted people to come in, I believe because ultimately what he wants is he wants people to vote, and there's no way we can afford it financially. We can't afford it in our schools and our hospitals. This is destroying us. And we're seeing crime right now that we talked about yesterday and they want to blame Trump, go right ahead. Trump fixed it. They broke it.GUTFELD: Jesse, you know, we keep finding new things in the Border Bill. And by we, I mean people who read it. Not me. But like I think his name is Kyle Bass pulled this out. And this is like six days later, seven days later, this part, aliens from non-contiguous countries shall not be included in calculating the sum of aliens encountered. So, that means no Chinese, Iranian, Yemenis, Somalians. But how are we supposed to find this stuff out? Are we supposed to rely on people on Twitter?WATTERS: Poor me. I read that and it's just for children that little part, but that's fine. I wanted to believe it was for adults too but we fact- checked it and turned out -- we fact-checked ourselves out of a good story. There's more stuff. You want to hear about the --GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: -- reparations for migration?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: So, if Biden would ever deport someone back to their original country, we now pay those countries $250 million to reintegrate the migrants we've reported. So, Juan leaves Ecuador. We catch him, send him back to Ecuador. We send Ecuador millions of dollars to make Juan feel comfortable in the home country where he's from. So, what do you think Ecuador is thinking? We're going to steal that money and we're just going to keep sending more Juans, so the money keeps coming back to us.I don't know if Joe Biden can say Donald Trump didn't secure my border. First it was Kamala didn't secure my border. He's going to campaign from now to November saying Donald Trump isn't going to secure Joe Biden's border. That doesn't make any sense. Abbott tried to secure Joe Biden's border and he wouldn't let him.Joe Biden can't convince anybody of anything. You think he's going to persuade somebody, anybody that Donald Trump broke his border? Impossible.GUTFELD: Tulsi, what do you think is going on behind this border bill? Do you think there's some other angle that we're missing because it seemed like it was doomed from the start? I mean, I don't what did you make of the whole process?GABBARD: You know, it was a few people behind closed doors and no one else really knew what was going on. I was surprised to see how horrible of a bill that it was. And people like Senator Langford actually presenting it and fighting for it, when you actually dig in and look at the language, it does everything but secure the border. The emergency processes that they put in place, well, you can only use them some of the time, and the president can say well, we'll never use them.There's so many things and I feel silly even giving any credence to this legislation because it's so bad and because the real issue here is, you know, I have no doubt that President Biden his administration. They're going to continue repeating the refrain, well, you know, we're the ones who are trying to secure the border, the Republicans and Trump are the ones who responsible for this open border even though it's just a charade.It's the old playbook of them working with the mainstream media, the propaganda media, to repeat things that are not true over and over and over and over again hoping that at some point it breaks through and sticks with the American people. That's the disdain they have for us, though they think that we're actually going to fall for it. We got to keep speaking the truth so that they don't -- they're not successful.GUTFELD: Yes. You know, Dana, they had their millionth migrant. There should be like a ceremony. Like, you know when they'd have the millionth customer, the big red ribbon and giant pair of scissors.PERINO: I was on a flight not too long ago where this guy got a million miles. I think it was United Airlines. And then we had to -- we had to get diverted because of a weather. And so, we're hanging out in the bar area of the airport waiting to leave again. And I said what did you get for that? And he said oh, two drink tickets. I'm like, that's it? I mean, even the migrants get more than that.GUTFELD: Exactly.PERINO: Bodega gift cards. Here's the thing. The legislation is dead, so we could keep going through it and pick it but it's not going forward. So, I actually think that the big conversation now is the messaging war that the Biden Administration is going to attempt. And you saw it there, and that's why we started the segment. So, they're going to say that Trump did this.Last weekend, on 60 Minutes, when there was no football, so that means people were watching, OK, they do a whole segment about how horrible the border is right now and how open it is. And they focus specifically on Chinese migrants only, OK. These -- they are dressed very well, they've got Tumi suitcases. They are not in hardship. They weren't under threat by their own government. And guess what, she go -- they go the entire segment without ever saying one word, Biden, OK.So, you have all of these images. It was actually a pretty -- aside from that, I would say it was pretty devastating thing for Biden. The Senate bill that is going nowhere, that is dead within 48 hours of its birth is not going to erase the 32 point deficit that Biden has on the border unless the Republicans screw it up. And I don't put it past them.GUTFELD: Yes. All right, up next, Bud Light is seeking a comeback back after its woke wrongs, and Trump just weighed in.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: America loves a comeback. Bud Light looking for redemption after their ill-fated partnership with transgender influencer Dylan. It caused a consumer revolt which tanked the stock and beer sales. The light now trying to do what's right to win back customers, ditch the woke and go back to being funny and patriotic. Check out their expensive star-studded Super Bowl ad.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I wish I was at that fight.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's going to need another bicep. House party.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Definitely.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Who wished for a T-Rex?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Guilty.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let's go to Super Bowl 58.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Now we're talking.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And Trump says it's time to give Bud Light a break. The Former President posting on Truth Social and saying that while the Mulvany's stunt a mistake of epic proportions, Bud Light has paid the price and perhaps deserves a second chance.Judge Jeanine, one of the most effective boycotts ever, Bud Light, should we let Bud Light transition back into a man?PIRRO: Oh, I like the way you put that. But it's a horse. Isn't it a Clydesdale?WATTERS: That's right. You're right.PIRRO: Here's the thing. You know, there's no question that Anheuser Busch is a company that employs a lot of Americans. You know, they have put out a media over the years that is very you know heartwarming especially during the holidays. But Bud Light put itself in this mess, OK. Bud Light made a choice on an issue that wasn't that important.Were they not happy enough with us you know with those of us who love the red, white, and blue and are all American. And women who don't want trans competing with them. I mean, you know, they put themselves in this war. Forgiveness and redemption is part of all of our lives, and I think it's important. But I got to tell you, it's going to be very hard for me to go back because I have very bad -- and I'm a beer drinker by the way. I started drinking perhaps Blue Ribbon years ago.PERINO: Oh, yes, DVR, let's go.PIRRO: Yes. So, I mean, I love beer but you know --WATTERS: OK, Kavanaugh.PIRRO: That's it.WATTERS: Do you -- are you a Bud Light person or were you?GABBARD: I am not a beer drinker.WATTERS: OK. So, not a beer drinker but would you forgive in this situation?GABBARD: What bothers me most is that they made the mistake of combining politics and social issues with business. I think the most frustrating thing for us is that more and more Americans see businesses do this, getting involved in areas that should be left to politicians rather than just focusing on providing a good product and good service.That's what I hope that more of these businesses actually do so. That we as consumers don't have to think about oh, is this a woke business or an anti- woke business or is this MAGA or is it anti-MAGA. Just provide good service and a good product, compete fairly whether it's here at home or with businesses around the world, and leave all the politics to the politicians.WATTERS: When a man wrongs you, Dana, and comes crawl in back on his hands --PERINO: Hashtag, never forget.WATTERS: Hands and his knees, so don't for -- Bud Light is saying, OK, I'm sorry, here -- I'll give you everything. No?PERINO: How about will you donate to my campaign? That's -- that might be something I ask. I don't -- look, I think they're making a decision in order to get back. And I like that. You think about Gillette with toxic masculinity, they've never tried to apologize for that or come back. And Peter to this day will not buy anything from that company and he holds that grudge very tight.The earned media that this ad is getting is worth maybe a hundred times more than what they had to pay to get this done. So, I would think from a strategy standpoint, from a communications point, hats off to them. And I don't drink beer anymore, but I used to love a PBR, Judge.PIRRO: Yes?PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: All right, you remember they hired that woman that ran this campaign, ran it into the ground. It's her fault.GUTFELD: She's gone.WATTERS: She's gone.GUTFELD: She's gone. I mean, you have to remind yourself that we won. Wokeism is dead. When you see this swift response, and I think Bud Light does deserve a second chance because there are 177,000 employees there who are a lot like us. They had no control over that decision, so why punish them because of one lady, that one lady did that? And when you're seeing the sharp turn that Bud is taking with UFC and with the comedian Shane Gillis, you couldn't get further away from Dylan Mulaney if you hired the Hell's Angels.So, they're sending a clear message which is dad's home and he's pissed, and don't ever mess with my Bud Light again. The message that Bud Light is sending is all -- they're sending it to themselves, not just us. And we've -- a lot of companies have learned from this Bud Light fiasco. One, you go broke insulting your audience. See CNN, right? You go broke listening to Twitter activists who never, never use your product especially beer.And their ideas are delusional and begging for attention and yet -- and you're stupid for listening to anybody born after 1990 who take that c seriously. It's not on the audience. It's not the audience's fault. They weren't transphobes. They didn't like Dylan Mulaney because she was annoying. She was pretentious. It had nothing to do with her being trans.And you also finally go broke using a spokesperson least likely to use your product. You got Dylan Mulvany, a trans influencer. Where does that draw from? What market? There's only one. You know, it was just a huge mistake. Shane Gillis on the other hand is a great choice. He looks like he spoons with a 30 pack.WATTERS: Very good. All right, so Greg is going to be drinking a Bud Light before his Super Bowl interview with Donald Trump.GUTFELD: Probably not.WATTERS: Probably not.GUTFELD: No.WATTERS: Maybe after.Coming up, Taylor Swift is going to war with a college student. "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GABBARD: Welcome back, everyone. It's time for "THE FASTEST." And first up, attorneys for Taylor Swift are threatening to take legal action against a Florida college student who run social media accounts that track private jet flights of celebrities including Taylor. Now, team Swift is calling it a life-or-death matter and says that it tips off stalkers to her location. The students defending himself and saying that this information is already out there.Now, Jesse is on fire on this. I can't wait to hear your take.WATTERS: I just changed my mind about something I was going to say. I just changed something about Taylor Swift. I just thought maybe I shouldn't say it. But if I was that wealthy, I'd be humiliated to have this litigation threat go public. You want to lay low when you're that rich. You don't want a loudmouth attorney broadcasting, hey stop tracking my private jet as I fly around the world and all my fans that are so obsessed with me might hurt me. Come on.GABBARD: I don't --WATTERS: Just do it on the slide.GABBARD: I got to believe this is happening with her knowledge though, Judge. Is there a lawsuit? Is there -- is there an actual case here?PIRRO: No. No, this is really protected speech. It's public information. It does not violate legal rights. He is using public information that is easily accessible. Now, it's up to Swift to protect herself. We don't even know if she's the one who's on the jet if they're tracking the jet. And it's not in real-time.So, think about this. Anyone, Jesse, can say I want to follow Jesse Watters, I'm going to follow him to his house, and he leaves every day at 9:00 and then he gets here every day and left. I mean, that's kind of like public information. It's only --(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Now it is. OK, but it's really up to the individual. You have to show intent. The intent is to maybe conspire with someone to stalk or to harm them in some way.GABBARD: Dana, how would you advise Taylor to handle this?PERINO: I would let other people handle it. I would not worry about it at all. I'd be thinking about what I'm going to wear the Super Bowl.PIRRO: Yes.GABBARD: Whose side are you on, Greg?GUTFELD: I have a feeling that this is about me because of the letter I sent her. Look, you know, stalkers can find stuff as the judge said about us on public records which except -- upsets me, except when I'm stalking Josh Groban, then I love it. But it's like -- so, how do you solve it? You ignore it. This is the price of fame sadly. You just hope that the guy finds something better to do with his time because this is not exactly a life's purpose that you can brag about. He'll probably just move on to stalking Jesse.GABBARD: I think she can afford security also.GUTFELD: Yes.GABBARD: Up next, who foots the bill for a birthday dinner? An online influencer is sparking outrage by insisting that the birthday person should be the one to cover the tab. Here's why.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TINX, INFLUENCER, TIKTOK: I invite a group of people somewhere to celebrate me. That's my treat because I organize it and I'm asking them to come. I picked an expensive restaurant and expect everybody to pay. And in this person's case, then get (BLEEP) when they say I'm sorry I can't afford that is really bad manners.(END VIDEO CLIP)GABBARD: Greg, my birthday is in April. Are you going to make me pay or are you going to take care of it.GUTFELD: It depends whose idea is it for the dinner, right? It's like this is why -- you know, it's like once you become an adult, you know, you shouldn't have to buy everybody everything. No offense but I'm paying for birthdays, weddings, baby showers, things that don't even go to. I'm thinking of renewing my wedding vows just so you guys have to buy me a Jeep, because it's like not fair. I don't get anything. I don't have any kids. I don't get any toys. I get nothing.And by the way, doesn't it bother you when you're shamed into getting stuff? Remember that time where you didn't get pizza for your staff, but then who got pizza I always get pizza --WATTERS: I always get pizza --GUTFELD: No, no, no, no. Somebody else did and it made you look bad.WATTERS: Yes, probably.GUTFELD: It was Dana I think.WATTERS: Yes. Why I would you --PERINO: I would never get pizza for the staff.GUTFELD: No. And then you forced to do it yourself. I hate that.PERINO: I would buy them gourmet dinners instead.GABBARD: What are the limits here, Judge?PIRRO: Well, she made the invitation and that's the issue. If a bunch of people get together and they say we were going to take out Dana for her birthday, then we pay for Dana's dinner. But if Dana says it's my birthday and I want you all to come to --PERINO: I pay.PIRRO: You know, then you pay. You invited them, you pay.PERINO: You pay and you say no gifts necessary right.PIRRO: Right.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Or donate to your favorite charity.GUTFELD: I would even do that.PIRRO: Gifts are necessary depending on who you are.GABBARD: Exactly. "ONE MORE THING" is coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Jesse.WATTERS: Happy birthday to Johnny.PERINO: Johnny.WATTERS: My very favorite weirdo. Look at that weirdo. I love that weirdo. Happy birthday, Johnny. And I hope you don't have to pay for your dinner.PIRRO: We all love him.WATTERS: Go pre-order my book, Get It Together, and do it now. And don't laugh because here's the thing, Judge, a book like this has never been written before, ever, ever. These are new stories about new people. Have you ever wondered what it's like to talk to a Stalinist? I mean, a hardcore authentic Stalinist. I learned things about Russia and the Ukraine situation I'd never even heard before. It opened up my mind.You think how can your mind get more open, Jesse? It actually did.PERINO: Well, I don't know if you're really selling it right here.WATTERS: This can open your mind just as much -- oh, I'm selling it hard. This is just the beginning. I'm getting warmed up.PIRRO: Yes, I can see that.WATTERS: Tonight, on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," whole hour on my book. We're going to do a little bit on Democrat election fraud. We caught a new one.GUTFELD: We caught a new one.PIRRO: All right, Greg, your turn.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got a great show. Erin Perrine, comedian Jeff Dye, Kat Timpf, Tyrus is back.Let's do this. People Are Great! You know, I always do Animals Are Great.WATTERS: Yes .GUTFELD: What about people?WATTERS: What about them?GUTFELD: You know, let's go to Thailand. Check this thing out. This is a place it's called The Man That Rescues Dogs Foundation. Look at all the little dogs and wheelchairs. Those are all stray dogs that are injured, many living in poor conditions. And he creates all these little wheelchairs so they can get around.WATTERS: Are you OK?GUTFELD: Yes. I don't know what's wrong with me.WATTERS: It's off-brand.GUTFELD: I know it is off-brand. My wife said that to me. I become very cheesy.PIRRO: Yes, that is very sweet.GUTFELD: Yes, look at that.WATTERS: What is happening to you?GUTFELD: There you go.PIRRO: OK, Dana.PERINO: I have one about a puppy named Lucy. And what's really funny about her is she has a selfie of herself on her ear. OK, so that's her face and then look at her ear.GUTFELD: Interesting.PERINO: I mean --PIRRO: So cute.PERINO: I mean, God was really thinking when he made this dog.WATTERS: That is cool.PIRRO: OK. All right, now, I have something to talk about also, a dog named Noodle, OK. And she loves to play darts. So, she recently discovered she could get involved in the action by patiently waiting for the dart to be thrown and then she retrieves the dart from the board.PERINO: Wow, that's great.PIRRO: That is pretty good.PERINO: I mean, I don't know if -- I wouldn't risk my dog's head.PIRRO: All right, Tulsi?GUTFELD: I have a feeling the ASPCA is going to be calling.PERINO: Exactly.PIRRO: Tulsi.GABBARD: I just came off of Army duty this past week in Fort Carson. I have the honor of being a battalion commander for civil affairs -- for this Civil Affairs Battalion. We are the warrior diplomats of the Army. And it was amazing because I had the honor of recognizing the excellence of our soldiers who come from all over the country. I'm honored to serve with them.WATTERS: Somehow (INAUDIBLE)(CROSSTALK)PERINO: Oh, and you had that (INAUDIBLE).PIRRO: We are so proud of you, Tulsi. All right, that's it for us. Have a great night, everybody.