NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, this is enough of you playing the excellent business reporter you are, Andy. We're not going to let this happen again. Andy McCarthy on that. But he's right with all these details. Now, here comes THE FIVE.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi! I'm Greg Gutfeld along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Charlie Hurt -- I think he rides bareback on a bullfrog -- Dana Perino, THE FIVE.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It sucks to be a cop. All hell breaking lose in the sanctuary states of America. The latest stunning video shows illegals in NYC attacking NYPD cops who were trying to make an arrest at a shelter. One person was cuffed in the melee. It's just the latest example of migrants showing their appreciation to a city that hooked them up with up to $10,000 worth of prepaid debit cards per person. Mayor Adams casually brushing off what happened as the work of bad actors.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS, MAYOR, NEW YORK CITY: You have bad actors. Yes. And any time you have 3,000 people placed in an environment that they cannot work, they have to sit around all day, you know, things like this have the potential to happen. This is what happens when you did this national problem on a city. We need the national government to assist in resolving this problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The visuals get even crazier in California. Fox cameras capturing a long line of migrants illegally climbing over a steep mountain to enter the U.S. the best-looking man on TV catching up with some of them, and you'll never guess where they're from.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: China. Ma'am, where you from?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: China.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: China.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, China.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Georgia.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Border Patrol sources telling Fox that agents apprehended nearly 500 Chinese nationals in the San Diego sector over the last three days. And remember this. The president could have ended the migrant madness a long time ago with the stroke of a pen. According to a new report, Biden is sitting on an executive order that he may sign ahead of the State of the Union so he can pretend to take action while still blaming Republicans.Charlie, thank you for coming today and taking the place of Jesse Watters.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I'll do my best.GUTFELD: Yes -- no, you don't have to work that hard. It's a relief actually for all of us that he's gone. It feels like the border is bordering on clinical insanity right now. It's almost as though a foreign power has found our weak spot. Like we're addicted to a drug. It's basically stupidity camouflaged as compassion and they're just driving us to the end of breaking point. What say you?HURT: Yes. And of course, it's not that hard to find the weak point considering we broadcast it the entire time. And Adams talking about a few bad actors. Yes, OK, there are bad actors but the point is if you're actually serious about protecting your own country, you not going to let the bad actors into the freaking country.And when you look back over the past three years, all the times we've looked at one another and said, can you believe this is happening? We hit a new benchmark for some historic number of gotaways, historic number of terrorists, watchlist people who have tried to get through the border, all of these things. How many more times are we going to look at each other over the next eight months before the election and say can you believe this? It's going to keep happening.And the idea that the Biden Administration is going to broadcast to the media that oh, but I've got this executive order that I might drop right before the State of the Union Address that's going to fix everything. Not only does it completely undermine the Biden Administration's claim that, oh, no, I can't do anything about this, but the other thing is how dare you play politics with this.And then the third of all, it's not going to work because at the end of the day, the idea of attacking Donald Trump for not being strong on the border and trying to blame -- you can try to blame Republicans if you want, but the idea you're going to blame Donald Trump for the border crisis is lunacy. It's not going to work.GUTFELD: Dana, can you believe -- I mean, I find this hard to believe, but apparently it's true that the debit cards go up to 10 grand. And that's something that we all pay for. It's nuts.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Yes. Nicole Gelinas, and she wrote that piece for the New York Post. Where's the New York Times?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: I mean, anybody want to win a Pulitzer Prize? I mean, this would be one of those stories where you could do that. $10,000 per person and they think that's not an incentive? I thought it was $50, because they're Bodega gift card.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And now, I find out that it's $10,000. And a lot of the Democrats' defenses were about sympathy for sympathetic people, right, women and children, families being separated. But what do we see day after day with all of these videos? A lot of single men, some single women like the women that were there from China. Do they look like they are hard cases? No. And then what -- the other problem is China won't take them back. If you cross our border, China's like, yes, you're good. You're dead to us. We don't need you anymore. So, we have to keep them? And is everybody going to get a $10,000 gift card?And when President Biden says he's going to sign this executive order before the State of the Union so he can say, look what I did. Again, remember, raising expectations for the State of the Union speech. Do they not think for one second that the campaign genius of Chris LaCivita, who did the swift vote veterans for truth ad, is not going to be able to take all of this footage and hang it right at the doorstep of Joe Biden? Like, of course he is. I could even make the ad and I don't even know what I'm doing.GUTFELD: Oh, you know what you're doing.HURT: You're not even mean.PERINO: I don't know how to make an ad.GUTFELD: Yes. You do -- you would do the nicest mean ad ever. You know, Judge, imagine you're a country that has a super terrible gang problem. And you have this opportunity to send all your gangs far away and never have to see them again. You would be Venezuela.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.GUTFELD: Why wouldn't you do it?PIRRO: I was going to say, how did you know that I'm Venezuela? Look, we know that. We know that they've been emptying out the jails. They're not sending their best. And I don't mean to even quote Donald Trump, but he was right. They're not sending their best. Look, what's happening now is that the individuals who are illegally, I don't care what -- you can tell me they're asking for asylum, they're not going to a port of entry, they're like coming down like ants, coming down a molehill in various parts of the country.And by the way, everybody, Texas is now working because they've got the barriers, they've got the barbed wires, they've got the buoys, they're making sure they don't come. Now, they're all going to Arizona and California. But what makes these people believe that they can come here and do this? I'll tell you who makes them believe they can do it. Joe Biden, Mayor Adams, Alvin Bragg.Joe Biden lets them in. Mayor Adam says I'm a sanctuary city and doesn't even know in that interview that he did, how we can change it and not be an enter -- a sanctuary city. And he gives them $10,000. And then we've got Alvin Bragg who allowed that video of those Venezuelans to beat up those cops. It was promoted all over the country and I'm sure all over the world, and everybody is saying, this is great. I can go to America. And then if they catch me, five days later, I can give them a finger, two fingers I can give them.You know, we allow this to happen. And we're not proactive, we're reactive. We don't go to the border and say check within a poll. Get fingerprints from these people. Find out who they are. And let's not let them in. And so, we don't even bother to do that. We let them in and that's the end.And China -- I got a problem with China. In the last what, three days, almost 500 have come in from China through the San Diego sector. And the truth is that's more than the entire year of 2021. So, we know about the China spycraft. We know about their police departments or outposts, whatever they call them, the Confucius Institute. You know, we've got a real problem. And we are inviting the enemy in and acting like, oh, we don't know what to do. We know what to do, we just don't have the right person in charge.GUTFELD: Jessica, even you must admit this is crazy. It's -- we're at a breaking point here.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I appreciate that you already sound exhausted with me and it's eight minutes and 17 seconds into the show. It is a huge problem. And this has been, at least for the last several months, a bipartisan huge problem, especially in the cities where the bussing has taking place and migrants are showing up here.I've spoken to friends who are genuinely shocked that people are flying here to then walk across the border because I mean, you can't get here from a lot of these places trudging through terrible conditions, which is the old fashioned way. And that's why so many of these stories were compelling and why people were saying this is how the asylum system works. And that's not to say that it's not to say that people who are in China don't have it bad, but it is to say you came really far away to climb in to San Diego.I think that it is important for Biden to take the executive actions that are available to him, but also to continue to push for the bipartisan Senate deal. I have heard from some hardliners, you know, this is just a big amnesty bill. James Langford who was the head of this on the Republican side is not an amnesty guy. The head of the Border Patrol Union has endorsed it said you're never going to get something as good as this on the Republicans. Take the deal.And I want to talk a little bit again about Tom Suozzi who won that election for George Santos' seat last week. That is a swing district. It had a Republican in it like 20 minutes ago. And on a national level, Trump leads Biden by 35 points on the border. Tom Suozzi who talked about closing the border, but also finding more legal pathways for migrants who are coming here with legitimate asylum claims was able to cut that to a nine- point deficit. And he actually won with moderates by one point. And his district has had over 100,000 migrants show up in the last year and a half.There is a pathway for Democrats to be able to talk about this and maintain their humanity but also recognize the deep challenges of this and how unfair it is to people who are living in places like Queens, which is part of Tom Suozzi's district.HURT: You know, it is part has been somewhat a bipartisan problem. But the bottom line is that Democrats have been the party of sanctuary cities, these debit cards, free phones, and of course, every single Democrat running in 2020 for the Democrat nomination, put their hands up in support of free healthcare for --TARLOV: Except Joe Biden who won the election.HURT: And that is where the Democrat Party is.TARLOV: Except Joe Biden who won the election.PIRRO: And no bail, the Democrat has brought us no bail.GUTFELD: All right, and now we have to bail.TARLOV: I see what you did there?PIRRO: Oh, very good.GUTFELD: Yes. That's why I'm here. OK, up next, the ladies of The View are panicking that Donald Trump will crush feeble Joe Biden in a debate. Fear.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: President Biden heading out West for the Democrat-friendly terrain of California, and also where all the migrants are showing up in San Diego, hoping to rev up that fundraising machine the president and perhaps he wants to reset his public image that he's too old to be president for another four years. So, it all started off rocky literally. Biden's faulty footing will be the least of his worries though. The media firing off more warning shots of the danger that lies ahead.The ladies of The View are worried if Biden can handle debating Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Biden can lose and he can lose in a debate Trump will not. The people supporting Trump will support him whether he's there or not.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But that's just the perimeter.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But if Biden makes one mistake and people that are undecided are out.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: If Biden flubs, they'll be all over him.SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: If he doesn't show up --BEHAR: If Trump flubs, who cares?HOSTIN: I think it legitimizes him. I don't need to be gaslit by Trump. We all know who he is. We all know what he stands for. We also know that Biden debated him twice and just like sort of mopped the floor with him.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Meanwhile, the New York times is trying to beef up its image that they'll be as tough on President Biden as they are on Donald Trump. The paper's publisher revealing that the White House is "extremely upset with coverage of Biden's age and unpopularity," and adding, "we are going to continue to report fully and fairly not just on Donald Trump but also on President Joe Biden."Jessica, I mean, to this day I believe that Hillary Clinton has great disdain for the New York Times --TARLOV: Yes.PERINO: -- after what happened in 2016. But in this regard, do you think that the ladies of the view are putting their finger on something and do you think Biden will debate Trump?TARLOV: So, I think they're putting their finger on something but I think that their at -- their conclusion is wrong. I think that he has to debate. I think that you owe the American people that no matter what. And Donald Trump is extremely difficult to debate because it's so unpredictable. And you saw that with Hillary. And this -- I mean, we're going back eight years now that this was happening and Hillary really top format and an excellent debater and it was widely considered that she had won those debates, but he throws you off.The way that he talks, the kind of things that he's going to say, you have to be witty and quick and also prepared.PERINO: And agile.TARLOV: Because he's going to throw -- yes, physically and mentally. And I think that there is a risk that Biden will come off as certainly lower energy and slower but I think that his content will be crisper. His answers and understanding of the issues, I think he gets them better and he has this record to run on. And if it's a complete disaster, then the American public deserves to see it, right?And you can play down whatever characteristics you think are a problem and play up, you know, whatever arguments you want to make, but if you're going to tell people you're going to go to the ballot box and make one of the most important decisions of your life which is what it is when you elect a president every four years and you don't want to stand there for 90 minutes, I don't think that's great.PERINO: Charlie, so take yourself back to the White House Briefing Room, right? And I don't think we ever had too many tussles, you and me, but the thing is that the Biden team is trying to work the refs here, right?HURT: Yes.PERINO: Every president does that. But what I think is interesting is that now the reporters are reporting on the fact that the Biden team is trying to work the refs. And a lot of people who work in this current administration were junior staffers during the Obama years when the press was so nice. They're like, oh my gosh, the President tied his shoes correctly. That was amazing. So, now all of a sudden, they're surprised that there's actual questions and pushback. Do you think it will be effective or has the media been given permission to go for it?HURT: Which of course is when all of this began. It was the -- it was the deifying of Obama that caused so many in the press to completely you know, surrender any pretenses that they're going to cover politics fairly to the point where the Washington Post and The New York Times have become only fan sites for like wacko leftwing people who hate Donald Trump. And now that some of their material is sort of fading, they're struggling.But anytime a reporter is boasting about how mad somebody is at them it's usually because they're in bed with that person and they're trying to like sort of boost themselves with their colleagues in the press. But the problem of course is that -- and I think it's interesting what you said Jessica that -- and I hope that they do debate but the argument that we've heard from the Biden Administration and others is that no, Donald Trump is delegitimized, therefore we don't have to debate him.And now, the truth is coming out very clearly. That's not the reason they don't -- that Joe Biden doesn't want to debate him. The reason they don't want to debate him is because they're afraid Joe Biden is going to take in the shorts if he does debate him. But then one last final thing that I think is important is that obviously this -- you know, debates are all about managing those expectations. And of course, Democrats want to lower those expectations as far as possible so that if you know, Joe Biden doesn't fall down on his face in the middle of the debate, it'll be --PERINO: He won.HURT: Exactly.PERINO: He was asked today if he needed somebody in California to be standing by watch him here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're going to California. Is this about coming up with a plan B for 2024? Does Gavin need to stand by?BIDEN: Are you ready?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir.BIDEN: Well, I'm looking for -- I'm looking at you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I don't know what that --PERINO: He's trying to make a joke in saying it. But anyway, the press is asking.GUTFELD: I am deeply offended by The View, OK. They say you know, don't debate Trump because the platform gives legitimacy. Well, how about The View who gives their legitimacy on their platform to descendants of slave owners, right? On that table they have descendants of slave owners at the table. Sunny Hostin, check your privilege, OK. I'm just disgusted. I don't -- I don't -- I'm speechless.But this all kind of sounds familiar. OK, so we knew that they were going to say Trump's arguments are so poisonous they cannot be heard. The networks were doing this. We're not going to show Donald Trump. We're not going to -- they cut him off in when he's talking about immigration even though he was correct. But it's not about leg like suppressing poisonous ideas, it's about suppressing Trump because he wins over voters and they know that Biden's going to lose.They did the same thing with Conservative speakers on campus, right? They did the same thing with opinions on election fraud or COVID which were banned on social media. They suppressed the laptop which is every bit as real as Biden's grandkid which they suppressed as well, right? And then they use lawfare to suppress Trump either to get him off ballots or to keep him so busy that he can't actually campaign.But I'm with Jessica on this. If Trump is so bad, then surely he'll sink himself, so let him debate. You know, why not? What are you scared of? And it goes back to what Charlie said, this isn't about that, it's about the fact that Biden is going to be -- he couldn't do a three-minute Super Bowl interview, you think he's going to stand up during a debate?PERINO: 90 minutes.GUTFELD: They're going to have to do -- they're doing work right now for State of the Union and that's weeks away.PERINO: The other thing that happened is that there's not all -- the media is saying that they're in trouble with the White House. Here's this from The New York Times was an op-ed that said Kamala Harris is not a liability, she may be Democrat's best weapon. And I would really love to interview this guy to find out what sort of bomb shelter he's been living in.PIRRO: Yes. He's -- he could be in a bomb shelter, he could be under a rock, or he could not be that smart. I mean, look, if if you have to rely on Kamala, I mean, you just as well hand over the keys to the kingdom now. But I focused on what Greg focused on and that was Sunny Hostin basically saying that you can't have Joe debate Donald Trump because it legitimizes Donald Trump and gives him a platform. So, what do they have to do? The Democrats have to delegitimize whomever they want to debate.So, Hillary got questions about the debate from who was it, Donna Brazile, OK. So, they were able to delegitimize there. And then Joe Biden got Antony Blinken to get those Intelligence Officers to say that the laptop was disinformation, Russian disinformation so they could have an answer for Joe Biden to delegitimize Donald Trump. No.The only person who's gaslighting is Joe Biden. He's gaslighting about his son's laptop that no one took money from a Chinese connected Communist Party. He told us the border was secure. He said that the special counsel brought up Hur when we now know that he brought up Beau. He lied to us about Beau dying in Iraq when we all know he died in a hospital.I mean talk about gaslighting. This guy every time he opens his mouth I have an anxiety attack that he's going to say something that's not true or he going to fall as he was stumbling up the Air Force One. Look, Joe Biden when he gets on stage is a deer in the headlights and no nobody's home. You just look at him. This week I saw it. It's pathetic. It's horrible. And yet the team in the White House, they listen to Axelrod, they can listen to Carville, and their opinion is look, we won the Midterms, we're going to be great. We really don't need your two cents. And we keep winning over and over again and you know, we're going to continue to work the way we're working with winner Joe.GUTFELD: Dana?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Kamala Harris is a secret weapon the way a nuclear missile is, right? We don't want to use it will destroy everything so let's stick to the conventional destruction of Joe Biden. That's the -- you see that?PERINO: That's the plan? That's the plan?HURT: It's mutual assured destruction.GUTFELD: Exactly.PERINO: M-A-D. Coming up, Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren stumped on why so many Americans missed Trump's economy.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HURT: If you ever want to stump a Democrat. just ask them this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why do you think that people -- all the poll show like a lot of voters look back on the Trump years and they think -- they didn't like a lot about it but they think the economy was good in the Trump years. You know, before that Donald Trump was -- he was presiding over an OK economy.SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA): You know -- again, I don't know. I can't explain -- I can't explain polling. No, I mean, I can't.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, no I don't.WARREN: I can't. And I can't explain how the narratives come to be.(END VIDEO CLIP)HURT: So, Senator Liz Warren is totally bewildered on why Americans missed the Trump economy. It's no surprise. Warren was already -- always bad with numbers. Remember when she thought that one-one thousandth of a Native American meant that she was the real deal.So, under Trump, overall inflation was just over six percent during his first three years. Under Biden it was up nearly 18 percent. And the most important stat is your grocery bill. Under President Trump, it was up two percent, under Joe bid Biden it's up 21 percent.So, you know, Greg, this is one of these very simple cases and politicians always get it wrong. When you have a collision of ideology and reality, and you stick with ideology instead of reality, you're always going to fail.GUTFELD: It's such a shame. She could have drawn on the indigenous wisdom of revolted heritage. She could have said under Trump white man had more wampum for beads and arrowheads. She doesn't know narratives. She created one called her biography. It's -- that what you saw was cognitive dissonance because she exists in a bubble and nobody asks her that question.And this is where you're faced between a a choice between three things. One is telling the truth which will hurt you more or lying and escaping without a scratch or just throwing up your hands. This happens more and more every day. Since Jesse is not here, I will give a Jesse example.PERINO: OK, great.GUTFELD: It's like you know, when somebody asks you what makes a woman attractive, right? A man can state it clearly, but if he does you know, he's done, right? So, instead he says, oh, it's a sense of humor, it's confidence, or it's independence, when he really wants to say a really hot body. And so, the only other option is you have to say you know, I really don't know what makes a woman so attractive. You know, that's something that we've discussed since the beginning of time. There's so many variables. I wish I knew.PERINO: Nailed it.GUTFELD: Thank you.HURT: So, Dana, one of the most obvious tells when a politician is getting -- is doing it wrong is when she immediately started talking about polling and narratives. And anytime a politician sounds like a political consultant, they're losing.PERINO: So, she has a net worth of at least $7.5 million. She's got houses in Cambridge in the Penn Quarter. And look, success is great if you want to look at it that way. But also, Biden may have won the battle of the presidency in the primary that year, but Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren won the war.HURT: Yes.PERINO: The administration is stacked with people that worked for Bernie and Warren. And the Biden policies are actually Warren's policies. And don't anybody forget it. That's exactly what's happening. And now, Biden thinking that this is a good idea starts to take -- pick up some of her economic themes, right? Where have we heard shrinkflation and corporate greed? She wants to go after the grocery stores.I hope that for Biden's sake he doesn't continue doing that. But the problem for him is that he is surrounded by people who worked for her and Bernie Sanders and they are pushing forward their policies.HURT: So true. So true. Is it a problem for Democrats to mansplain the economy into an election?TARLOV: No. But I often think that women's explaining is more effective because it has to do with the bells and whistles and the details of how the household works, because women make those decisions. So, you're going to talk about the grocery bills, you're going to talk about the decision of which car you're going to buy. Something else referencing Jesse that he doesn't believe this, that women actually make those decisions. They do.PERINO: That's true.TARLOV: And I think that the surrogates need a better answer for these questions because they are going to keep coming. And it seems quite self- evident to me that the way to handle it -- and I have a much cushier job I said in a studio talking about these things versus out on the campaign trail, but give Trump credit, say why Biden's situation is better.So, the reason that people think the Trump economy was better is tax cuts. That's what it is. But there is so much evidence that Biden has built a great economy off the heels of a terrible global pandemic, that you have so much to talk about. So, you talk about low unemployment under Trump. Guess what? It's lower under Biden especially for Blacks and Latinos. Talk about consumer sentiment. It's the highest that it's been since 2005 had the biggest jump. 76 percent of Americans think they're going to be better off in a year from now than they are going to be today.Talk about oil production. With 13.5 million barrels are being produced, it is a record -- a historic record. Talk about insulin prices. You don't have to insult him every time to be able to make the argument that Biden is just doing better. GDP growth 22 percent.HURT: So, Judge -- so Judge, do you think women are going to buy -- being lied to about the how great the economy is?PIRRO: No, because they go to the supermarket every day, because I fill the car up with gas every day, whether they're taking kids to school or after- school programs or whether they're going out to dinner, wherever they're going. Look, the women -- and I don't care. I don't take a position who buys a car, who makes the decisions. I don't really care. All I know is this. A woman knows how much is in her pocketbook at the beginning of the week and how much is there at the end of the week when she has to pay her bills, all right.And for Liz Warren to not be able to say and just kind of like say, oh, I don't know. She's so clouded by hate and ideology that she cannot -- she cannot look at a sheet, an Excel spreadsheet or the metrics and say well, this is why this and this is why that. But you know what? The most frustrating part of all this is that the people in Washington can give a damn about any of us. And you know what? They're all multi-millionaires.Here's a woman, she makes $174,000. I heard Dana she's got -- she's worth over $10 million, all right. That's all about insider trading, OK. That's all about them finding about -- out about the deals before the rest of the public finds out. It's a game. It's all a game. And here's the bottom line. You decide when your pock book is that -- when you're doing better, when buying your groceries or spending your money and when you're not. And that's how -- that's a decision. It's the economy and this year it's immigration too.TARLOV: Well, but just to say that the argument against the economy is obviously failing, so the new --PIRRO: No, it isn't. No, it isn't failing. It is not failing.TARLOV: Yes -- well, yes it is because Donald Trump even admitted that he doesn't --PIRRO: Oh, Donald Trump --TARLOV: He needs it to crash so that he can win. He did.PIRRO: Oh, no. That's not what he's saying. Come on.TARLOV: He doesn't want to be Herbert Hoover.PIRRO: Stop it.TARLOV: He said it out of his own mouth.PIRRO: Yes, he said it's going to crash.TARLOV: And now he has --GUTFELD: I dismiss that. I dismiss that with --TARLOV: Because so much crap comes out of his mouth?GUTFELD: No, I dismiss it with an analogy that I don't want to be on THE FIVE when it's low rated. That doesn't mean I want the show to have a low rating.PIRRO: Exactly.GUTFELD: It just means I don't want to be here if it gets a low rating. That's what he said.PIRRO: You know -- I mean --HURT: Me neither. We got to go.Coming up, team Biden is laser-focused on the things that really matter, like misgendering people.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Joe Biden's Secretary of State is trying to warn his staff about the dangers of misgendering. According to a February 5th memo obtained by the National Review, Antony Blinken cautioned against problematic gender terms like brave men and women or ladies and gentlemen. He suggested gender- neutral terms instead, brave first responders or folks. The State Department spokesman got asked about this nonsense.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESPERSON, STATE DEPARTMENT: It's a standard government practice to try to encourage just -- people just to be respectful of others and use the term that -- with which others are comfortable.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I mean, does the secretary or anyone else in the building have an issue with the phrase, ladies and gentlemen?MILLER: I do not have -- I do -- hold on. I do not have any problem with the term ladies and gentlemen, and I feel fully confident saying the secretary does not either.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Charlie, so why promote a far-left agenda in this activism in the State Department when we've got Wars raging in Ukraine and Gaza?HURT: I'm actually kind of impressed. That was pretty bold to say that he didn't have a problem with saying ladies and gentlemen. That was a -- that was quite a stand. No, it's also absurd, it's also ridiculous, and the point of it is the absurdity. If you -- if you -- I don't know if anybody watches the movie The Hunger Games, but all the government leaders in The Hunger Games are so ridiculous. The opulence is ridiculous and absurd. And at some point -- but that becomes the point.And when you have -- when you listen to these debates when you have so many important things going on around the world and in our own country, and you have a president talking about junk fees and shrinkflation and all this idiotic nonsense, it's there way -- it should be a less -- a signal to us. They have no ideas. They're out of ideas and they don't care.PIRRO: You know, Dana, the concept of -- or the threat they call it of misgendering, the State Department actually is allowing therapy sessions for people within the State Department because apparently there was an email that went out to everyone and they misgendered a few people. And now, we're paying for therapy for people in the State Department.PERINO: Do -- I go back to 2015 or 2016 and President Trump was at a rally of some sort. Maybe not a huge rally but like it was early days. And one of the things he said was political correctness is killing our country and he got a standing ovation. And I remember -- that moment sticks in my mind because it is things like this that remind everyone of why he said something like that.And the State Department might say, oh it's just a -- it's just a little memo, not a big deal like, what is everybody talking about? No, this is getting into the minds of everyone that is -- one -- the recipient of the memo. And a lot of those people are moms and dads, and they also have sons and daughters, and they don't want this creeping into their life.And do you think a memoir like this from the Secretary of State just is like thrown in the trash can? No, bureaucrats take it seriously.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And so, that's why it seeps further and further into to the government.PIRRO: You know, Greg, I don't know if you remember this, but there was a commercial. It was for the CIA and a woman comes out. She says I'm a woman of color, I'm a mom, I'm a cisgender, millennial who's been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. Do you remember that?GUTFELD: Of course.PIRRO: Yes. And she was advertising for the CIA. I mean, military recruitment right now is at an all-time low, the lowest since 41.GUTFELD: Yes, the military is a killing machine, not a feeling machine. By the way, the response to a lot of this misgendering stuff will be come on, it's not a big deal, just be nice. But the subject matter itself is trivial. But it has an opportunity cost. Time, effort, and attention is spent to this trivial stuff. There are people that spend hours on these memos, and they spend money on this therapy. And there is a direct path from that to deeper, more long-term opportunity costs.You know, it indulges non-scientific, non-biological decisions that affect not just the long-term unity of a military but long-term physical and mental health of people. For the longest time we were told -- the longest time being like the last 10 years perhaps that restricting trans surgery would put minors at risk for suicide. So, if you did not -- if you argued about giving them drugs or doing surgery, you had blood on your hands.The reason why that argument was so important was that it silenced people. You couldn't come out and say like this doesn't make sense. Oh, then you want kids to die. Now, all this research is coming out that it's all bunk. There was no research behind it. In fact, there's no difference in suicide. In fact, generally, postop trans has a much higher suicide rate than the general population.But the point was, you -- this is all part of a bigger mosaic to keep people quiet. So, if you question like the 90-year-old woman who was a volunteer for the Multiple Sclerosis Society asked about what pronouns were, she lost her job. Six -- she's been there for 60 years volunteering.The idea is that if we tell you that what you're doing could cost lives by misgendering, you won't do it. But it's over now.PIRRO: All right, Jessica, tell us why we're wrong.TARLOV: OK. Well, I think that the -- we've gone a lot of different places with this. But I think the trans suicide rate is not about the operation and the implications of that, it's about the bullying and the attacks and the quality of life for trans people in the country.GUTFELD: They looked at that. Just -- I mean, we can talk about it.TARLOV: We can. Yes.GUTFELD: They looked at that.TARLOV: And everything was honky dory for trans people.GUTFELD: No, no, no. I'm just calling out the lie, I'm calling out the lie.TARLOV: OK. I am one of these people who thinks if you lead an organization that has tens of thousands of employees in it, that there have to be certain decisions taken that will make the few feel better. And I'm not saying that I am someone who has not been guilty of violating some of these rules. I certainly, say ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, brave men and women, and all of these things.But when you have that many people working for you, it is important to send a message that you do care about every individual within that organization. Does that mean some of it goes too far? Absolutely. But does it mean also that certain people want to make an argument that things like this are what are destroying our country per se, or our military --GUTFELD: It's compulsory language. It's compulsory language.TARLOV: You think someone is getting fired for saying the brave men and women who die?GUTFELD: I just gave you an example.TARLOV: What, the multiple sclerosis lady?GUTFELD: Yes. And it's well documented.TARLOV: I'm talking about out of the State Department which is what this actually is. I think ridiculous. And if you told a 100 people that, probably a 100 -- even the person who decided to make that lives with the decision, lives with regret about it.PIRRO: You know what? If every one of us who ran an organization were concerned about every person's sensitivities, we wouldn't be involved in the mission of the organization, we'd be just a feel-good organization that effectually does nothing.GUTFELD: It's a -- it's a --PIRRO: Well, that's the end of it.GUTFELD: It's a luxury problem that you can have if you -- if nothing depends on your professional work.PIRRO: Thank you.GUTFELD: You're welcome.TARLOV: You're welcome.PIRRO: Coming up, Madonna giving fans quite a scare after falling out of her chair. And that rhymes, Greg.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Welcome back. Madonna shocking fans after falling off a chair during a concert.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: She's OK and kept the show going.HURT: Wow.TARLOV: Greg?GUTFELD: That's not -- that's not her fault.TARLOV: No, it's the dancer's fault.PIRRO: It isn't.GUTFELD: It's the dancer's fault. And what is the dancer wearing really?PIRRO: High heels.GUTFELD: High -- yes.PERINO: Exactly. That's the problem.GUTFELD: That's the problem.TARLOV: I don't want to say anything.HURT: And the problem here --TARLOV: I move back to the last conversation.HURT: And we -- no, no, we always talk about the differences between men and women, but men have a higher center of gravity than women do. They shouldn't wear shoes like that. They can't handle shoes that.PIRRO: Wait a minute. Don't even go there.HURT: But it's true.PIRRO: What are you saying?HURT: If your center of gravity is that your shoulders, you can't wear those shoes.GUTFELD: High heels. I learned that the hard way.HURT: I'm sure you do. You're wearing high heels right now.GUTFELD: Yes, I work the streets. Yes.PIRRO: But you know what's sad about the whole thing is they had these headlines. Madonna, 65 falls. No, the guy dragging her chair and dumped her.HURT: She's the victim.PIRRO: She is a victim.TARLOV: Well, she is in this.PERINO: I think they planned the whole thing so we would talk about it.GUTFELD: They need to get her a chairlift, right? You know those things they advertised --PIRRO: No, Joe Biden needs a chair lift.GUTFELD: Just have her go up.TARLOV: Like along the wall or like a ski lift?PIRRO: Like, up the Air Force One.GUTFELD: Just the lawn. Just for the lawn.TARLOV: All right --GUTFELD: That was great.TARLOV: I'm sure you're all glad that you live through that. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: All right, I'm up. Tonight, we got Joe Machi, Emily Compagno, show the damn list, and the Wall Street Journal Jordan Belfort, and of course, Kat Timpf. That's tonight at 10:00 p.m. all new. Let's do this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Animals are great! Animals are great! Animals are great!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You know, it's lovely when cats and dogs inspect a baby. Look at this. Look at this. There's a baby there and they all gather around to check it out. Isn't that great? This is against my brand by the way. Yes. You go, fur.PIRRO: What's in there? Is there a baby in there?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: It's a little baby. You know what? I couldn't show you the rest when they eat the child.PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: Yes, thank you.TARLOV: Back on brand.PERINO: A wild wreck -- check out this Audi. It went airborne and ended up wedge between two SUVs in a parking lot in Massachusetts. And if you ever wonder what happens, if you hit the gas instead of the brakes, this is what happens.GUTFELD: Male or female driver? Dana, male or female driver? Go ahead, tell us.PERINO: It doesn't say but we're protecting the identity. It was definitely a woman.GUTFELD: Sorry.HURT: No question.GUTFELD: No questions, your honor.PIRRO: Oh, what do you mean? It cant be --GUTFELD: Judge?PIRRO: Oh, it's my turn? OK. So, 6-year-old Levi Carter and his bus driver Larry Ferish have a bond. Larry noticed that Levi was not his regular self on the bus and he told the driver he didn't have PJs for school pajama day. Larry took him upon himself, went to the store, show up with the pajamas. And he left the classroom and Levi was happy.