KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS HOST: We have big day tomorrow. Because at noon tomorrow in Greenville, South Carolina, Nikki Haley is set to give a speech on quote the state of the presidential race. That'll be interesting. Watch "Outnumbered" tomorrow at noon. Gutfeld is next. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: You, kids. You, kids. Stop it. Stop it. Happy Presidents Day, everyone. I know. Today we honor all those who have held the nation's highest office. Well, unless you don't like them, then you destroy them. Judge Arthur Engoron and a Democrat just handed down a $355 million, first of its kind settlement against Donald Trump after finding that Trump inflated the value of his real estate when applying for loans.The judge released his opinion six days before the trial began, which makes it a show trial, except instead of Judge Judy, we get someone no one wants to have sex with. Now, the fact that no one was complaining about Trump's activities, including the banks who gave Trump the money, seem to have no impact on Engoron, who during the trial did more mugging for the cameras than at Times Square migrant. And, of course $355 million seems excessive with the amount owed to the banks is zero. That's key.If you can identify a victim, then the crime had to be reverse engineered, because if the crime was indeed organic, a victim would have started the process. Instead they found the man then they came up with the crime. Does that sound familiar? That's my Uncle Steve. Anyway, this proud legal beagle whose drooling grin has that look of the forcibly medicated, who's also unbothered that New York's AG Leticia James took office vowing to get Donald Trump, that's her quote. After all, there is a shortage of real victims in her state since they've all been stabbed.But it shows how far the Left is willing to go to destroy anyone they deem a threat. So how bad is this case besides sacrificing faith in the legal system to go after political enemies? Well, here's esteemed attorney Jonathan Turley quote, Engoron fulfilled Oscar Wilde's rule that the only way to be rid of temptation is to yield to it. He ordered everything short of throwing Trump into a wood chipper. Oscar Wilde, somebody's fancy. And here's Shark Tanks, Kevin O'Leary, who knows even more about real estate that I know about being gorgeous.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN O'LEARY, CANADIAN BUSINESSMAN: If you're a developer, you're the -- you're an entrepreneur, you go to a bank, and you say, look, I want to borrow $200 million to build a building. And they say, well, what can -- what assets do you have we can secure this loan against, and you point to a building you built before. And you haggle and you argue about the value of that building. This goes on in every city on Earth. That's how real estate developers who are entrepreneurs and take risks, borrow money. That's exactly what happened here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You get that, if Trump's guilty of this then so is every single real estate developer. Trump claimed his property was worth a certain amount, the bank agreed, loaned the money, and Trump paid it all back. So what's next, getting the death penalty for tipping with Kohl's cash? But this is what Letitia James New York State's top prosecutor wastes her time with. She should be fined for impersonating law enforcement. New York State is still struggling from the effects of COVID and isn't expected to recover all its lost jobs for years if ever.Tourism is down. Migrants occupy thousands of hotel rooms and the state leads the nation in population loss. Even my pool boys have moved to Miami. All I have to remember them by is a jar of their fingers. Too far, or not far enough. So why not bring a bogus lawsuit that will also scare off the real estate sector. So O'Leary points out, no developer would risk this much money to have a judge arbitrarily decide that you're in some form of breach of fraud where no damages occurred.So they're just going to go elsewhere. And they are. I haven't seen this many people running away since Joy Behar washed up on the beach and they had to blow her up with dynamite. So they didn't just screw Trump, they screwed this city. Much like I did in the summer of '98. Shout out to Carol and Janet and Steve.But not to fear Governor Botox is here. Kathy Hochul assures the business community that everything's fine quote, "law abiding and rule following New Yorkers who are business people have nothing to worry about because they're very different than Donald Trump and his behavior." Translation, you have nothing to worry about until we don't like you. Meanwhile, Trump's being Trump. Over the weekend, he debuted a pair of golden sneakers called Never Surrender high tops, which sell for $400 a pair. It might be the first pair of sneakers north of $300 that nobody gets shot for.Now the Left will laugh at this of course, but the shoes limited to 1000 pairs sold out in two hours, which tells you a lot about the depth of support that stooges like Letitia James and Engoron and are rallying to Donald Trump. As O'Leary said, it's not about Trump himself. It's about the injustice of a case which no one can find a precedent for. You know, at heart, Americans are fair minded people. We want to believe in our system, but a system is only as good as the people in charge of administering it.James said she was going after Trump and Engoron and brazenly admitted he can overrule juries when they get it wrong, which doubting his impartiality. So when people tell you who they are, maybe believe them. There's a pattern emerging. It started with surveillance. If you have nothing to worry about, then why worry if we spy. Well, then they spied on you, then there's freedom of speech, you have nothing to worry about. It's just hate speech. Then hate speech became disinformation, or rather anything you said that they didn't like.Now, it's your ability to make a living. You have nothing to worry about, as long as you toe the line and don't question their power. So you see the pattern. As long as you obey, we won't invade your privacy, ban your speech or take your job. But then what keeps you safe for now? Well, be a Democrat, remain quiet about what the Dems have done to the country. And above all, don't work at Fox. You know, which means it doesn't look too good for me. Seriously, how soon before I get arrested for indecent exposure, and this time, I'm innocent.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. His political commentary gives Lefties dysentery. Fox News contributor, Washington Times opinion editor, Charlie Hurt. She knows finance like I know hot pants. Financial analyst Heather Zumarraga. Viewers call his new show, must flee TV. Host of Fox News Saturday Night, Jimmy Failla. Her superpower is invisibility simply by turning sideways. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf.Charlie everybody, they the people that are plotting to say, oh, it's in the billions. It's like this is such a fraud. But this -- that's irrelevant. This is about contract negotiations and what people do when they're arguing for a salary. You always go for what you can't get.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, no, it's truly amazing. And the idea that just being a Democrat is going to spare you from this. Let's not forget where this goes is, you know, it's Democrats now. But when you throw lawless, you know, the law to the wind, what you wind up with is, well, when somebody else comes in power, then they're going to persecute the other political enemies, and then it becomes a vicious cycle.That's the whole point of America. The whole point of the Constitution is to protect everybody, no matter what. The one thing though, I do love about Donald Trump because he, it's like they've never learned a single lesson from him. So they banned him from doing business in New York. And so what does he do? He goes online with his gold shoes, his awesome gold shoes. I expect to see you wearing a pair of gold, high tops.GUTFELD: I'm getting the kneepads.HURT: Unsubscribe, I don't -- I don't --GUTFELD: Unsubscribe.HURT: -- I don't want to know anything about that.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You can do that.HURT: But so he goes -- he goes online. And this is what he comes up with. And you're right, the Left is going to make fun of him and laugh at him about this. But remember the thing Andrew Breitbart used to always say he used to say that politics is downstream from culture. Why do they hate Donald Trump? They hate Donald Trump, because he's not downstream from -- or upstream from culture or what -- he is culture.GUTFELD: He is. Yeah.HURT: And they hate him for it and they will they're not going to quit until they destroy him or he destroys them.GUTFELD: But I fear that the destruction is going to the target amplifies to include obviously his supporters and anybody that might disagree. Heather, do you think New York is going to financially suffer the way Kevin O'Leary is talking about?HEATHER ZUMARRAGA, FINANCIAL ANALYST: Hundred percent. I mean it already is. There was a mass exit during COVID. Because it all the businesses that left as you said, the jobs still haven't come back to even pre pandemic levels in 2019. Kevin O'Leary makes a great point. He's saying, look, what crime? He doesn't owe anybody any money, the banks actually stood on trial saying, they want his business, they like his business. Until an asset is sold. This is the way things are done in life. You don't have to be a real estate developer to know, if you want an extension, maybe to a line of credit, you have to state your assets.Now you're probably going to include tips, bonuses, every dime you can find. I'm not saying that it's right. But no matter what type of loan you're asking for, you don't have to be in real estate to know that you're going to take, for example, the value of your house for a home equity loan. The appraiser that gives you the highest value, that's the one you're going to go with.GUTFELD: Yes.ZUMARRAGA: So I want to know, though, if he does pay this money, who gets it.GUTFELD: Exactly.ZUMARRAGA: The banks don't need it. The banks don't want it --GUTFELD: Yes. Who gets the money? The government?ZUMARRAGA: I don't know. New York, I guess the Manhattan attorneys.GUTFELD: Yeah.ZUMARRAGA: I don't know.GUTFELD: It's insane. That's the thing. If there's no victim who gets paid, I don't get it. You know, Jimmy, it seems to me that Democrats are targeting successful Republicans, so I think you're safe. Did you know --JIMMY FAILLA, HOST, "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": Bang. Gutfeld --GUTFELD: -- That the judge was also a cab driver like you?FAILLA: I did. Two things, because you came right at me and you just blew it because I was going to get you a pair of Trump shoes but they don't come in kids sizes. You know, I love you, man. But I made this point the other day, because I was filling in for some jackass on the five.GUTFELD: Yes.FAILLA: Thanks for keeping up with the group. This is the financial equivalent of charging someone for murder, but there's no dead person.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: OK. That's exactly what they're doing here. If nobody that's a lender or a bank says they were an aggrieved class, then he's going to the chair for murder but didn't do anything. But that makes sense to them because they hate Trump. There's a lot of people out there, OK, who hate Trump so they don't have to look inward at the things they hate about themselves. Like if you grew up here in New York, you know, Trump was a part of New York.GUTFELD: Right.FAILLA: OK. He had a show on NBC for 15 years. He wasn't a fringe loony in a shed. He was Trump. So I think two pieces of advice; one, he can get out of this mess in like ten seconds if he just starts selling pictures of Melania's feet on only fans. OK. I'm good for like five grand right now. OK. Melania if you're watching and I know you are.The only person I'll give any credence to is Kathy Hochul if only because I don't agree with her politically. But if you're ever in a pinch, and you need to lose a boner immediately. She's undefeated. She is undefeated. Like you're going to an important meeting or like parent teacher conferences, and you got a woody, you bust out a Hochul, smooth sailing.GUTFELD: I didn't -- I didn't see that coming, so to speak.FAILLA: Think about it. That is her claim to fame. She's the one chic Cuomo didn't try to bang.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: That's it. That's it. Kat, you know, we, you know, this whole idea of like, it's unfair to amplify your value, we would not have -- we would not be making any money. In contract negotiations, I always ask for a pony. I don't get the pony, but I drive them nuts. Doesn't that make sense?TIMPF: You know what makes sense, that he's a foot guy.GUTFELD: Yeah. Yeah.TIMPF: A lot makes sense. You know, I just would, I don't understand and then all the discussion about this as the whole no one's above the law. No one's above the law. No one's above the law. But then also, isn't this an unprecedented way of doing things? So doesn't that mean that before this actually everyone was above this law? I don't I don't understand how simple things like that aren't noticed by people just because Trump is into it. I agree with everything Kevin O'Leary said in terms of just take him out of it first. I can't -- we shouldn't be making it even harder to have a business in New York City.I mean, there's certain blocks where there's just no business on that entire street. And it's not like someone's going to want to be the first one to move in.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: It's so expensive. There's already so many regulations. And now on top of it, you have to worry about this. I don't know why anybody would have a business here at this point.GUTFELD: You know what it is? Trump is below the law.HURT: Yes.GUTFELD: He's not above the law. And now we're all below the law. You like that, don't you? Your silence tells me that. Up next; how a financial writer lost a pile of cash in a flash.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Has she any credibility left after claiming she's a victim of theft? financial advice calmness, remember that, Charlotte Cowles, who's written for the New York Times in New York Magazine recently admitted that she fell victim to a scammer who stole 50 grand. True, she makes a living giving people money advice and she got conned out of 50 grand that's like finding out that Dana Perino runs a dog fighting ring. So how did it happen?This is hilarious. First, a woman claiming to be from Amazon customer service called Charlotte telling her she was the victim of identity theft. Right off the bat you should know, Amazon never calls anyone unless a driver needs a bottle to pee in. Then the Amazon chick connected Charlotte to a Federal Trade Commission investigator, also a fake. The dude told her that scammers opened a bank account, bought cars and property and committed crimes all in her name. Then he connected her with a CIA agent. And you guessed it, also a fraud. I'm surprised she didn't also get a call from Elvis, Jim Morrison and Bigfoot.The fake CIA dude told her she needed to freeze her assets and get enough cash out to support herself for up to a year. She magically came up with a number of 50 grand which oddly they agreed to. Charlotte went to the bank and withdrew 50 grand, which I'm surprised she had after paying for that lithotomy. But oddly, the bank gave her all that cash without a fuss. The fake CIA agent told her she'd need to give it to an undercover agent, and that they'd reimburse her later, so she had to take money out of her account to put other money right back in.And I thought Fox was gullible when they hired me. Later that night, she apparently met the fake agent in a car outside her house, put a shoebox filled with money in the backseat, and the car drove off. I'd say the driver was laughing all the way to the bank, but he was probably going to Cancun with Fani Willis. The fake CIA agent then texted her a picture of a check that he said would be hand delivered to her the next morning. I guess it didn't bother her that the check was made out to brainless dip (BEEP).Needless to say, Charlotte claims she was scammed. So either, A; she's the worst financial column this ever for falling for this. Or, B; She's the worst financial columnist ever for making all this crap up. Because it sounds like an incredible story where you got to suspend belief to even make sense of it all. It makes you wonder why would she write about it if it's true because it only blows up her career.But why would she make it up? Was it really a gambling debt? Right before the Super Bowl, did she put all her money on the Yankees? All I know is the media is even more gullible or dishonest than we ever give them credit for. I'll stick to getting my financial advice the old fashioned way from Tom Selleck. I hear he's got an enticing offer involving a reverse mortgage. All right, Heather --ZUMARRAGA: Tom Selleck.GUTFELD: Tom Selleck. You are a financial analyst. You above all know that quote, financial advice columnists are foolish (BEEP).ZUMARRAGA: I did not say that. Not all. I mean, clearly, she's not Suze Orman. She's not Jim Cramer or Tom Selleck.GUTFELD: Jim Cramer? Seriously?ZUMARRAGA: Hey --GUTFELD: Jim Cramer's not even Jim --ZUMARRAGA: I don't think he would hand $50,000 in a shoebox --GUTFELD: Is this real?ZUMARRAGA: I don't think so. I don't know. It reminds me of Fani Willis. Like, where'd you get the money? I don't know. My daddy gave it to me.GUTFELD: Yeah.ZUMARRAGA: I took it from the campaign funds. Publix rebates. You know, I'm not really sure if I go to the bank, most banks and post daily limits. If I try and take out over $600 from the bank, it's not -- either I don't have it. They're going to ask what's the money for. My husband calls and says, what are you doing? Where are you going? So it really, she didn't say which bank, which branch. It's very hard to believe.GUTFELD: There's so many holes in the story. And, Kat, the most basic question that I ask is would sophisticated -- sophisticated scammers who did the research target somebody who writes about financial scams or an elderly grandmother. Oh, let's do the person who just wrote a piece on financial scams. We're going to scam her.TIMPF: Yeah, I would never ever, ever fall for a scam like this.GUTFELD: No.TIMPF: You cannot scam me like this. First you have to get me to love you and then you can scam me. It's not a joke. I also just like the excuse for not telling her husband it's like then he'd be implicated to. It's like what like see you think that like -- did you -- do your husband like talk? If this was going on, Cam would be aware of it immediately.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: You know, it's like also if he -- I would want him to go down with me.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: You know if I was like -- I wasn't going to go to prison by myself and then have him out there like dating other people while I'm locked up. That would make me call him faster.GUTFELD: Yeah. Do you think it's real?TIMPF: Like something -- like something happened. But I don't I -- feels like she had to -- let's say it's real. Let's just say it's real. She must be concerned with how crazy it sounds. So you might want to put in more details. Like -- like what bank, when did this? I mean she's got every detail in the world about the kids that were trick or treating, and she was like it was Halloween. I'm like, thank you for the nice color, like the puff color, literary crisp air but I want to know what is your bank so I never go there.GUTFELD: Yes, it and there was there was like all these other weird details that she left in, but there was no documentation in the article.TIMPF: And she also glossed over like yeah, you know, and it sucks I lost some money. But I'm like, what, you're not more emotional about that. How are you still married? Like this is like this, you're like, you know, some win some lose some. No.GUTFELD: But then she, in another article, she said that like you don't pay taxes on stolen money. All right. You are an expert at gambling debt.FAILLA: Yep.GUTFELD: OK, I got to ask you, your street smart person. Do you buy this story?FAILLA: No, not even kind of not even a little bit. And I've also been scammed. I was just telling my wife a month ago, someone spent a bunch of money on our Amex at a Reno strip club on my birthday. I don't know who these crooks were but they better be brought to justice soon. And then they went out they bought these gold spiked shoes. I don't know what was happening. But anyway, OK, yeah, I the part about this story that really jumped out at me is how they poured bleach on her head and said it was MAGA country, let's see you in the morning.Like it's obviously a Jussie Smollett story. I'll tell you why this is fake for real, OK. There's a faction of liberal ideology that sees victimhood as cool. OK. And there's two things like being a victim is now considered cool like Jussie Smollett faked his story, because there's a currency that comes from saying, somebody did me wrong. And as a financial adviser, I think you know, you're trying to get clicks on your pieces, you might engender more interest in your piece if you go, hey, this stuff happens to me too. So that is actually what I think happened. Like, if we were going to be serious.GUTFELD: It's so weird. I mean, I -- I am stopping short of calling this fake.FAILLA: Oh, it's fake.GUTFELD: OK.FAILLA: It's fake. And your Fani Willis joke just brings it full circle, because there's so much of that going on. But to be clear, Fani Willis didn't want all the money. She wanted just the tip.GUTFELD: Yeah, Charlie, you're a journalist. If you were the editor of this piece, what would you have done if when it came in?HURT: Oh, no, no, no, it's -- the disservice that the editors did by not forcing her to include more details is if it is true is the worst probably the worst crime. I choose to believe that it's true. Partly because it's a really depressing story. If it's not true, it's just like a psycho woman who has a head problem and needs to get help. But and the other thing is that usually journalists don't like make stuff up out of whole cloth. They're highly --FAILLA: Have you watched CNN?HURT: No, no, no. I'm not saying they will make things up. I'm saying they don't make just like -- they don't fantasize. Somebody told them this.GUTFELD: OK.HURT: Somebody told them there was a P tape in a Moscow hotel room, and they're like, oh, really, and they run with it. And so there has to be like some beginning to. It.GUTFELD: OK.HURT: But -- but -- but you know, but all the different levels where she was so gullible, like the point where the whole time she's Googling.GUTFELD: Yes.HURT: And then she Googles the number of the -- of the FTC, and then gets the FTC to call her back. She doesn't call them.GUTFELD: No.HURT: She gets them to call her and she checks her caller ID. It's all so stupid. And then at one point, she hears this babe in the woods wandering around, and she's referring to a radio program on NPR.GUTFELD: Yes.HURT: This American Life as like a guidepost about how to -- how to make it in this mean, world. It is so hysterical. And, you know, so I'd like to believe that it's true.GUTFELD: Well, you can continue I will -- I will hold -- I just feel like we're going to hear more about this in the next coming weeks when because it -- it's the -- it's the -- it's the editor's responsibility to -- to provide some kind of evidence behind this. And if they don't, then we know the answer. Up next, a presidential poll that will make your eyes roll.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Thank you. The economy is tanking, yet Biden is high in their ranking. And they couldn't resist giving Trump the end of the list. A group of self-proclaimed experts has ranked the U.S. presidents, and it's just in time for president's day, or as Joe calls it, Martin Larry King Day.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: The Presidential Greatness Project touts itself as the foremost organization of social science experts in presidential politics, including scholars who recently published peer-reviewed academic research in key related scholarly journals or academic presses. In other words, a bunch of virgins, dorks, and several geeks.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Their top five went like this -- Lincoln, FDR, Washington, Teddy Roosevelt, Thomas Jefferson. And this is weird, they gave an honorary mention to Harrison Ford.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: The bottom five, William Henry Harrison, Franklin Pierce, Andrew Johnson, James Buchanan, and, of course, Trump. The upside, there's one person missing from both lists.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: How did that happen?(MUSIC)GUTFELD: All right, Jimmy, William Henry Harrison died in office after only a month. How can he be ahead of four other guys?(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: Listen, I think the whole list is a scam, but it's nice to see someone talking to dead presidents besides Biden. So we start there.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: You know what shocked me of all of these, FDR, that FDR is two considering the world we live in, in that he put Japanese people in internment camps in World War II. You would think that would age so well.GUTFELD: Charlie, how can you rank recent presidents when you don't know their effects yet? Isn't that why this is so bogus?CHARLES HURT, OPINION EDITOR, "THE WASHINGTON TIMES": It's so bogus on so many levels, but not the least of which is the fact that they took away Joe Biden's only achievement. Joe Biden's only achievement is that he managed to be a worst president than Jimmy Carter and made him look less bad even before Jimmy Carter has died. And yet they ranked -- they actually ranked Joe Biden at 14 and Jimmy Carter at 22. So they took that away. They took Joe Biden's one accomplishment away from him.GUTFELD: Yes, that's so unfair.Kat, how do you feel about these rankings?TIMPF: I think it's dumb. I think it's a stupid thing to waste your time on, honestly, because everyone can have a different opinion of what a president should and should not be. The fact that people got paid to do this makes me upset.GUTFELD: Yes. Why is that?TIMPF: Because everyone has a different opinion about their role of government. So if there's a group of people that were actually able to agree on this, then the group was not ideologically diverse enough itself, making the whole thing stupid.GUTFELD: Who would have been your choice?TIMPF: Grover Cleveland.GUTFELD: Grover Cleveland?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Why?TIMPF: Because he was cool. He was the smaller government-type guy.GUTFELD: Oh, interesting. His name was Grover, which is a very sexy name, Heather. What do you think of the list?ZUMARRAGA: I think Kat makes a good point. Not that it's stupid, but we need to know who are the survey respondents, what is their ideology, what are their political beliefs? If you take a group of liberal progressives, yes, President Trump will be ranked last, 45. There's no surprise there.And this morning, MSNBC "Morning Joe," they went over this list, no surprise, because they want to highlight that he's ranked last. And a guest on the show said that Joe Biden's successor or where he should rank on this list should be determined whether or not he can beat Trump. If Trump is elected, then he should be ranked last. But if he prevents Trump from reelection, then Biden should be ranked higher than Washington, Lincoln, and Reagan.GUTFELD: So Trump derangement drives the list. I think we actually asked Joe Biden what he thought about the rankings.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trust the experts. Trust the experts. And what was that, number 14? That's not bad. Tell you the truth, I should have been higher. I mean, think about it. Who was dead last? Orangeman. Who got rid of Orangeman? Uncle Joe. I should have been number one. Who did they have number one? Lincoln? Typical. Four score, seven years ago -- Talk regular. No malarkey. Come on, man, no joke, all that stuff. What else did Lincoln do? Start a Civil War? I can do that. What do I get -- nine months? Just watch me. Not a joke.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Coming up, why they dumped a truck full of crap in Pelosi's lap.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Poop on Nancy Pelosi's porch. Kat, you wanted this story so badly. Pro-Palestinian protesters, PPP, dumped 300 pounds of cow manure outside of Nancy Pelosi's house to call for the end of U.S. arms being sent to Israel. Will this -- work?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You people.TIMPF: I don't really think this is going to move the needle at all, although I am impressed in terms of the organization that it must have taken to go get that much -- there. You know what I mean? I'm sure that there's probably like security and all -- and also, where do you go about getting that? Do you have to get it yourself or can you order it?GUTFELD: I've been wondering about that.TIMPF: The logistics, yes.GUTFELD: That's why we have Heather Zumarraga on from the business standpoint. Will we be seeing a rise in, say, the economics of cow manure as a protest vehicle?ZUMARRAGA: No one would know a difference. It is -- this is a perfect experiment of how to turn a successful city, once the highest real estate prices in the country, into a drug infested, ramp-less, now homelessness filled with poop -- I'm not going to use the same language you used -- from the PPP.GUTFELD: You're a good person.ZUMARRAGA: But I don't think anybody is going to really notice the difference. Did you hear Charles Barkley? The NBA All-Star saying we love San Francisco. He said, no, we don't. You can't even walk around. Yes, you can, but you have to wear a bulletproof vest.GUTFELD: There has to be a climate change cost to this manure with all the methane, Charlie.HURT: Oh, yes.GUTFELD: So we're having protesters at cross -- what do you call it? Crossroads. Is that the word?HURT: I'm here for all of your manure answers.(LAUGHTER)HURT: So the first thing is, it is kind of amazing that leftists did this to Nancy Pelosi because in France, it's always like farmers. It's people on the right who actually know their manure that dump it.The second thing is that's a valuable pile of manure right there. Gardeners pay for a 50-pound bag of that stuff, pay a lot of money. But that's not cow manure. They don't even know cow manure. That's horse manure. It's green. It's too green to be cow manure. And it has wood shavings in it if you look at the pictures. And so it came out of an animal in a stall.ZUMARRAGA: How do you know this?HURT: If you look at the pictures, you can see the wood shavings. So they don't even know their own --GUTFELD: What if the horse identifies as a cow?(LAUGHTER)HURT: I think that might be the answer.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: It's Frisco.HURT: I think we're getting to the bottom of this. Good thing you have your kneepads.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Jimmy, when the police got there and they saw the 300 pounds of cow manure, they initially mistook it for your show.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You see my shyness?FAILLA: That joke would have worked better if you had as good a delivery as they did.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I deserve it. I deserve it.FAILLA: Yes, but let the record show that Charlie Hurt knows his -- oh, my god.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: That was impressive.GUTFELD: He knew the difference between cow and horse manure.FAILLA: There was something going on there.HURT: A lifetime of shoveling.FAILLA: Don't buy a used laptop from Charlie Hurt. That's all I'm saying. A lot of weird German videos.First of all, two things. I actually give these people credit for going that close to Pelosi's driveway given how many DUIs her husband has gotten over the years.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: You've really got to be committed to Hamas to walk by Paul Pelosi's driveway. But you made a good point that I think is really funny about this. The people who are pro Hamas are climate change people. And they are absolutely violating the climate ethos by bringing this much cow manure into one place. So in that regard, I thought it was funny. But I like the whole idea that this is a horse that became a cow, that in San Francisco, Mr. Ed is now Mrs. Ed. That is pretty funny.GUTFELD: Yes. But I do like the idea of delivery -- San Francisco is filled with poop. So now she gets to see firsthand of what her policies have caused even if it came from another direction.ZUMARRAGA: I wouldn't be surprised if she moves out, 100 percent.GUTFELD: She has a million homes, right.FAILLA: And she did looks surprised by this, but that's just the Botox.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All righty then, well, that was interesting.Up next, animals with four paws draw loud applause.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you love all the birds in trees, all the fishes in the seas. If you think videos of pets is as good as it gets, this segment is for you. We hope your furry dreams come true. It's time to celebrate Greg's Animal Friends, celebrate Greg's Animal Friends.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Time for Greg's Animal Friends. Charlie, why don't you go first?HURT: OK, this is a very gruesome video, so hide the kids. As if we needed any more reason to hate seagulls.GUTFELD: What is going to happen?HURT: This seagull is trying to eat this beautiful little baby squirrel. And he runs into a window and falls down. And I'm pro-mammal.GUTFELD: Where is the gruesome part?HURT: It's not really. I was just trying to make the video --GUTFELD: So we made the kids leave for no reason.HURT: They can come back in.GUTFELD: Bring the kids back in. And Charlie, apologize to the kids.HURT: I just want everybody to hate seagulls as much --GUTFELD: You hate seagulls?TIMPF: People like them?HURT: I'm taking a firm stand on it. I'm against murder. I'm against Hitler, and seagulls. Firmly.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: A good name for a metal band, Seagull Hitler.Heather, what do you got?ZUMARRAGA: Fani Willis's cat going after cash. Roll tape. You'll understand why. Actually, that's not the title, but that's what it remind me of. I actually feel like that quite often, like you stick your head in first, maybe the head gets stuck. It's all right. The body follows. You just pray everything works out.HURT: Is there fish in there?ZUMARRAGA: There we go. And upon further investigation, that is actually Fani's cat with her fanny in the air. Not a good idea.GUTFELD: Is that really Fani, are you just joke something.ZUMARRAGA: No, it's not.GUTFELD: You were trying to make an analogy to the news, and I admire you for that, Heather.ZUMARRAGA: Thank you.GUTFELD: Don't do that anymore.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Jimmy, what do you got?FAILLA: A defensive of Heather, because it's impossible not to think of Fani Willis when you see someone trying to get money for their --(APPLAUSE)FAILLA: I got you! You wanted to say it. You're just scared. I get it. And you should be. You're a decent person. Me and Greg are going to hell.GUTFELD: Don't put me in your little sled to nowhere.FAILLA: Right to hell, right to hell.Anyway, my video is that of a fainting goat. Fainting goats are my favorite thing in the world. Here it is. So he gets scared off of the porch, and just falls down. Fainting goats are adorable. So when my son Lincoln was young we used to watch these on YouTube like crazy. And I have watched so many goat videos I actually feel like a matchmaker for Hamas.GUTFELD: That's true. Hamas, they don't need roofies.FAILLA: No, ma'am.GUTFELD: They just chase fainting goats.FAILLA: They're old school. They're the original farmer needs a wife. Anyway.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, Kat, round us out with a lovely pet video. I'm so excited. What is it going to be, Kat?TIMPF: It's a cat.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Can we watch it. Look at, look at. The kitty thinks that they can get on the fan, and they're trying to get on the fan, but she's so little. I feel like cats, they are -- look at that. She thinks she can do it. She thinks she can do it. But she can't do it. But she's not going to give up even though she's not even close. Look at that, because also if the cat had any hope that would be a horrible thing to do to the cat, because that could end really badly.GUTFELD: Yes, it's true. You should be grateful that the cat can't make to it that very sharp ceiling fan. It would be sliced into little cat sandwiches.TIMPF: Cats are so playful when they're young.GUTFELD: They really are. Then they get older.TIMPF: Then they get old like Cheens.GUTFELD: Then they get remote and angry and resentful, much like humans.All right, well, that ended in kind of a weird way.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: We killed a cat.GUTFELD: I know. Thanks, Kat.Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Jimmy, do you have something you would like to plug?FAILLA: Oh, hot damn. The Everybody Calm Down tour starts March 1st in Idaho Falls. Here's a full list of the dates this summer. Why Gutfeld? Because the world's on fire, so I'm going to roast some marshmallows, tell dirty jokes. So March 1st, Colonial Theater, Idaho Falls, we rock right through to Biloxi, Mississippi, in July. And it's going to be a hot one. FOXAcrossAmerica.com, get tickets, come hang out.GUTFELD: All right, bring some manure.Charlie Hurt, Heather Zumarraga, Jimmy Failla, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next.(APPLAUSE)