GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'm holding back a joke.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You've never done that before. It must be really good.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: I know. I had one about a hippopotamus that wants to be the hippo of the United States called HOTUS. And I admire the San Antonio Zoo for coming up with this great P.R. idea. Vote for HOTUS.WATTERS: All right, HOTUS.PIRRO: All right.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to Kharkiv, Ukraine. I'm Bret Baier.Tonight's SPECIAL REPORT is coming to you from a city where both Ukrainian and Russian forces have been inside. Now, it's in Ukrainian control. These are the Northern Saltovka apartments. Used to be hundreds of people who lived here in these apartments before they were hit by artillery shells in the first weeks of the war. More than 100 people died in this region. This Saturday marks two years since the Russian invasion began in this country.Tonight, an exclusive sit-down with Ukraine's president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, on the front lines for the first time ever, just a mile and a half away from Russian troops. We traveled by overnight train to Kyiv from Poland, then to Kharkiv in armored trucks and armed (INAUDIBLE) where artillery rounds could be heard throughout our interview from Russian forces and Ukrainian forces back and forth, just a mile and a half away.But first, in the early days of the Russian invasion, many experts believe Kyiv would fall quickly. They were wrong. Let's look back.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: NATO's door is open. That is our commitment.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A continuing buildup of Russian forces.VLADIMIR PUTIN, PRESIDENT, RUSSIA (through translator): We are ready to show you what de-communizing Ukraine really means.VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, PRESIDENT, UKRAINE (through translator): When you attack, you will see our faces, not our bats.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The bombing of Ukraine. Look at these stunning images.ZELENSKYY (through translator): The president is here. We are all here. Our soldiers are here.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Putin chose this war. This country will bear the consequences.PUTIN (through translator): Russia's response will be immediate.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The largest nuclear power plant in Europe is reportedly under attack.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Workers remained on site, reportedly at gunpoint by occupying Russian troops.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Indiscriminate artillery fire is hitting residential buildings. The suburbs are pounded.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator): We've been without light, without water, without heat.BAIER: How do you believe this war ends?ZELENSKYY (through translator): Only without victory.BIDEN: For God's sake, this man cannot remain in power.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I must save my child.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The women now bonded by war spent six straight days in a bomb shelter in Kharkiv before eventually arriving in Medyka, Poland.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Fathers waving goodbye to their families. Those who remain, taking up arms.ZELENSKYY: Against all odds, Ukraine did unfold. Ukraine is alive and kicking.BLINKEN: Russian forces bomb a theater in Mariupol where hundreds of people had been taken shelter. There were children inside.SERGIY KYSLYTSYA, UKRAINE AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED NATIONS: There is no purgatory for war criminals. They go straight to hell.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Russians pulled out of this town of Bucha, just on the outskirts of Kyiv. The destruction that is left behind is almost unfathomable.BAIER: Two of our coworkers have died in Ukraine. Cameraman Pierre Zakrzewski and journalist and translator, Oleksandra Kuvshinova. They were working with correspondent Benjamin Hall outside Kyiv when incoming fire hit their vehicle.BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Last time I got onto this train. I was barely alive.The eyes of the world have moved elsewhere. They look at Israel.ZELENSKYY: It doesn't have good influence on Ukraine.I thank the United States of America and Mr. President for the new defense package.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Even behind closed doors, we cannot get a clear articulation of where this is all going.BAIER: Would you make a deal?ZELENSKYY: People on the front line, they think that the United States does not support Ukraine and that Ukraine is alone.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Those people who say it's a lost cost, they don't know Ukrainians.BAIER: They don't know Ukrainians.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We will fight.(END VIDEOTAPE)BAIER (on camera): As President Zelensky makes appeals for support around the world, a new funding package passed by the U.S. Senate is now in jeopardy in the House. This, as Russia makes some gains on the ground. Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin has that part of the story.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHIEF NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): The gridlock in Congress over Ukraine funding is impacting Ukraine's front lines. Ukrainian soldiers under fire from Russia's relentless bombardment check their phones to see if Congress has agreed to send more weapons.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What will happen further?ANDRII, DRONE PILOT (through translator): I don't know. Here, I'm leaving day to day. I tried to, that is. I don't know what's coming. We will keep working. This is our duty.GRIFFIN (voiceover): This video provided by Ukraine's Defense Ministry was shot before Ukrainian soldiers withdrew under fire from the strategic gateway town of Avdiivka in Donetsk. It shows the final Ukrainian holdouts, cursing Russian forces, vowing to never give up and continue fighting to save their homeland.ANDRII (through translator): It doesn't end with them, the Russian army taking Avdiivka. They continue assaulting our positions. After Avdiivka, the villages nearby are next.GRIFFIN (voiceover): The Pentagon and White House urging Congress to come back from recess and pass a funding bill.SABRINA SINGH, DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: They don't have enough ammunition and artillery. We're not able to be able to give it to them because, frankly, of Congressional inaction.JOHN KIRBY, STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS COORDINATOR, NSC: We need Congress to act. We cannot just wish this money into existence. We cannot just find it under a couch cushion.GRIFFIN (voiceover): Despite heavy losses on land, Ukrainian forces recently sank the large Russian amphibious assault ship Caesar Kunikov in the Black Sea, using Ukrainian-made Magura V5-C drones. Ukraine doesn't have a navy, but it has used these little sea drones and anti-ship cruise missiles to take out one-third of Putin's Black Sea fleet. Naval warfare experts say the Pentagon is learning a lot from Ukraine's creative tactics.VICE ADM. ROBERT MURRETT (RET), U.S. NAVY: We have used naval drones in ways that have been exceptional and not been seen in naval warfare.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): A bipartisan group of lawmakers led by Pennsylvania Republican Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick is working on a new $66 billion foreign aid bill that strips out humanitarian and economic aid and provides just weapons, many of which are only made in the U.S.Fox has told it strengthens Southern Border security provisions with a reinstatement of Title 42 and remain in Mexico policies. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin at the Pentagon.Now, to our exclusive interview with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BAIER: Mr. President, thank you for the time.ZELENSKYY: Thank you.BAIER: Just a few kilometers from the front lines. We've been hearing artillery, volleys back and forth all morning. And you know, we sat here and thought two years, you know, in the first days when Russia invaded, many experts thought Kyiv was going to go down in two weeks. Here we are two years sitting right near the front lines. As you make an effort to get support around the world, where do you see this war right now?ZELENSKYY: Thank you so much, Bret. First of all, thank you, your team, that you have came here. It is very important for me, like I said before, before we started that it's important for me, the United States to see different war in the capitol and here closer to the front line.So first of all, we're here. And it's very important because in the first days when Russia said that they will occupy us, we've been in the capitol and there are troops and soldiers being around and a lot of our territories, houses being occupied.Now we're here, we're fighting two years ago. Half of those territory we de-occupied it. And of course, the first world, this resilience and strongness of our warriors, heroes, and our people and of course, support. Big military support, political support of our partners, United States and E.U. partners. Now, I think challenging period, another part, another page of the war.BAIER: You said you recaptured 55 percent of the captured territory, but Russia is still controlling 20 percent on these lines here. And it hasn't moved that much in the past year. So, is it a stalemate?ZELENSKYY (through translator): First of all, it's not a stalemate. Indeed, it's very complicated in the east. There's a lack of certain weapons. They do have air superiority and they have a superiority in terms of manpower. This is the fact, truly. And therefore, there's the stagnation in this part of the front line. We understand that we need to de-block the air. We need our partners not to forget that it's not a war that is taking place over one day, but two years. Only the drone efforts would be able to kind of fight back Russians and to have Russians go to concessions.ZELENSKYY: Putin has to understand what all of us, what we have to do to push him. He has to understand that all the world needs peace and all the world will not give him possibility to occupy Ukraine and to destroy it totally. It's what he really wanted and still wants.BAIER: Do you know roughly how many Ukrainians have died in the war so far?ZELENSKYY (through translator): We know about tens of thousands of people being killed or tens of thousands of children being deported. We know about this. And should we compare the number of soldiers killed? I would say the ratio is one to five. So, I'm meaning one soldier killed in action equals to five Russian soldiers killed in action. So, that's the approximate statistics.BAIER: So, one to five.ZELENSKYY: One to five.BAIER: Meaning Russians -- your defense ministry has it at more than 400,000 Russians. Is that possible?ZELENSKYY (through translator): Well, they've lost over 400,000.BAIER: Roughly that's -- let's just say 500,000 casualties. For people in the U.S., that's the size of the city of Atlanta, Georgia. It's a lot of people.ZELENSKYY (through translator): Well, the only thing that they've succeeded that's like over a period of nine months they've managed to control of the Avdiivka. We need to understand the understanding of what that means to control. They've destroyed everything. So, their strategy is to level everything to the ground and then to move on.BAIER: Like in Mariupol?ZELENSKYY (through translator): Well, nothing was left alive in Mariupol. But in here everything is leveled to the ground. We've lacked the weapons. We've lacked the shellings for the artillery.BAIER: You recently replaced your commanding general, General Zaluzhny with a new commanding general. You also replaced many top commanders. So, what does that mean? Does it mean you're looking for a shift, a new direction?ZELENSKYY (through translator): Well, the sort of rebooting, rebooting, the management of the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces, that was something that we really needed. We're not talking about kind of the rebooting or reloading the direction of our actions. We're just saying that some of the things we're not changing over the recent period of time.ZELENSKYY: We have to be more quick. That means to lose all the bureaucracy what we have. Otherwise, we wouldn't have any chance. So, to be smart, technology, more technological, and of course, quick. Time is money. In our case, it's not money, it's people, people's lives.BAIER: You gave him the hero of Ukraine medal. Do you think he'll remain a supporter of you and your government? Was there any part of that decision about maybe him being in opposition to you?ZELENSKYY (through translator): No, that's his choice. He defended our nation, our country. That's why I presented him with the title of Hero of Ukraine. I'm very grateful to him.BAIER: You mentioned 2022, you stopped the Russians from advancing. You pushed them back. 2023, you defended successfully against an air campaign, the effort to take out electrical infrastructure. As you mentioned, you kept the grain open in the Black Sea. You went after the Russian Navy. You sunk 12 Russian naval ships, about 20 percent of their Black Sea fleet.Now in 2024 though, you have seen kind of a stall on the ground. The counter-offensive was not successful. So, as you look at 2024 and those goals, what do you see? You know, one, if you get the funding from the U.S., what does it look like? And the other way, if you don't, what does it look like?ZELENSKYY: Sometimes we forget one thing. We are speaking about counter- offensive. Of course, it's very important and it's moving you to be close, but to defend Ukraine against such big army, Russia, it's also a big task, a big challenge. You remember -- and you remind today the first days of the war. Nobody in the world really believed that we will do it.And today, sometimes we are -- also in Congress, we are speaking and some guys we have good relations because we met a lot of times. They say, so when we will finish the war, when we will win, why so slowly and etcetera. We have not forget people's lives. Without them -- if we want to be very quick, we will lose a lot of people without very concretely counter- offensive operations with details because these people -- if we will lose these soldiers, we will lose everything.And that means that to defend that the task number one then to continue our successful story on the Black Sea, and we will do it. I will not now go deeply to details, but they will get some surprises. I mean, Russia's, yes, that's very important. So, South is very important to defend is where they have more than 200,000 soldiers, also very important to defend.And of course, we will prepare new counteroffensive, new operation. And of course, it's not -- I'm not speaking that we will just stay. Of course, it depends on a lot of things.Some John (PH) shouted that, so will Ukrainian survive without Congress support? Of course. But not all of us. And if we understand this prize, if the world is ready for this. OK, you will see it, but it's a tragedy. It will be a tragedy for all of us, not only for Ukraine, not only for Ukrainians, for all Europe, and you will see that they will go. Putin will never stay, will never stop. He will go through Eastern Europe. Because he wants it, because this is his goal.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I want to talk about Putin in a second, you are receiving sophisticated weapons systems now, the HIMARS. You got it, but you got it late. Patriot missile systems, M1 Abrams tanks, F-16s. There are some on Capitol Hill who are the other way, they believe that the administration was slow walking this or was even reluctant to give this to you in time.I want to ask it this way. Had you gotten that material those weapon systems earlier, could the counteroffensive have been different?ZELENSKYY (through translator): Let's today not speak about the past. Nobody would have known what would happen if we've got something more or less. I know what is happening now. And now you're absolutely right.As two years of this war, this new Patriot this war, everyone understands now what is happening that additional Patriot systems and millions of people will be returned, will be more protected. Additional air defense systems will allow us to take down Russian aircrafts, we're demonstrating that on the everyday basis.Our air defense forces are great. They're taking down enemy for fighters. And it means that no bombardment, no shelling. So, air defense radio electronic warfare systems, this is what helps us. We've started the construction of a large amount of drones, but that's not in the United States can help us a lot.Specifically, we need a whole range weapons. We talked about this yesterday with congressman, I talked about this with President Biden, everyone understands that it comes for 300 kilometers. That would help us a lot because it's kind of an unfair war. Our soldiers are standing and our artillery has a range of around 20 kilometers because we don't have mid- range weapons. And Russians are -- have there too with a range of 40 kilometers, that's not fair.So, we were saying that to our partners that we don't have fairness. But if the partners have those systems, why not -- why not be providing them to Ukraine?BAIER: And we can hear some of that artillery in the background. You often have said that Ukrainian forces will never give up. They'll never give up the fight.But could you see a scenario where you allow Russia to maintain the 20 percent, the current lines where we are right now. But the 80 percent is a sovereign secure country that is a member of E.U. and NATO?ZELENSKYY: We are ready to give some territories and be in E.U. and NATO.BAIER: I'm asking the question.ZELENSKYY: Really? Yes. And just to understand your question. First, nobody never gave us any such propositions. It's just for you and I think for audience it's very important to understand.BAIER: You've never had that conversation?ZELENSKYY: No, never. Only in media, only some voices but no any officials proposition, (INAUDIBLE). The second point, we know the history of our relationship with Russia, you remember that we had frozen conflict when they occupied it from the very beginning of Crimea and part of that, but they did it. And we had some document. Some document means agreement, yes, in Normandy Format, Germany, France, Russia, Ukraine.So, we have this document, it was about exchange and ceasefire, everything what now, a lot of countries say that we need it. We need ceasefire, we need to see it and have -- and have frozen document and war will end. No, they answer. It's not only about territories, it's about our security, he will never stop, yes, until he will lose in this war.But he will lose, not the world. He is losing is just beyond his territory. We don't need any piece of is there any meter of sovereign other country. That means that we don't want just -- my signal is don't want to repeat Minsk agreement. But on another part of our territory, no any new frozen conflicts, we don't believe in it and I don't trust him.ZELENSKYY (through translator): As for the negotiation table, when we've prepared a document on the basis of the peace formula, on the basis of proposals of all the country, so we have this readymade document, and then we will be able to search for a diplomatic forum and hope to talk with representatives of Russia whatsoever.They are, I believe, don't have any steps coordinated with other partners. You can't suggest anything to Putin because he will want nothing.ZELENSKYY: In the strong position, we found one very important diplomatic route, diplomatic route, it's a document. When it will be ready, it doesn't matter where we will stay at those times -- at this time.What I wanted to say, it doesn't matter if we will be strong. In all the cases I said, and if we will have the document where there -- were the most big countries, important countries, decision makers in the world on our side. Of course, we can find political negotiations.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: On the other side of a quick break, more of my exclusive interview with Presidents Zelenskyy and some behind the scenes with the president, that's after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back from Kharkiv, we continue now with our exclusive coverage and interview with President Zelenskyy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What do you say to somebody in the U.S. who says I'm worried about corruption, I don't want to give money to some corruption?ZELENSKYY: Everything (INAUDIBLE). So, we will do anti-corruption very for the E.U. gave us seven reports. What we have to do, anti-corruption reforms, otherwise, which we will get the candidate status.So, for today, we finished about one month and half ago, two months ago. So, we finished with all this report. Everything is accepted with the people of E.U. on the level of presidents of Euro commission, and the level of Parliament, all of them.BAIER: So, that's only just a month ago.ZELENSKYY: Yes, so we finished with all of those and it was very important the list of difficult anti-corruption reforms. Why difficult for us because during the war, it's difficult to vote everything and provide by government after parliamentarians walking.So, for today, everything is finished. Everything is clean. And all of them said that oh, the leaders of the E.U., they all say yes.BAIER: So, you're being transparent?ZELENSKYY: Even before, all these reforms, a lot of times I said to the White House and in E.U., I always said we are very open. Please.BAIER: I want to go back to Congress. You do have some critics of funding, vocal critics. Here's three senators.SEN. J.D. VANCE (R-OH): We are not as a Republican Party behind unlimited, unaccounted for aid to Ukraine without any goals in mind, without any sense of where the money is going.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): We've got money without end. We've got enough money to pay for bureaucrat salaries. We've got enough money to pay for Ukrainian government officials pensions.SEN. TOMMY TUBERVILLE (R-AL): We are paying Ukrainian farmers and yet, we just punted the farm bill for American farmers next year.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Can you respond to all that?ZELENSKYY: We are thankful for the support but mostly it's military one. We spend this money on military, so our pensioners don't need any guns, of course.So, our soldiers need and our people and at least the security of Europe, and so, mostly from this money, maybe somebody from senators, yes, you said. Somebody, maybe they don't want to hear it, but it's truth. And they can ask your defending industry.BAIER: There is a study that says that 61 percent of the U.S. funds had been used for military operations in Ukraine, 31 percent to replenish DoD weapons stockpiles in the U.S.So, with that said, if they came up with a plan that scaled back a little bit, but you got money that maybe you didn't get the economic side, would you push for that?ZELENSKYY: We have some financial support for supporting infrastructure for some bridges or for bomb shelters, etcetera. But at least this is also the same when soldiers on the frontline just for such senators, just to understand, there are soldiers from the frontline. The question is money, not. The first question they are defending and they have to think and focus only on the front line on the enemy, because they are defending all other civilians.And they can't, they don't have any time to think what's going on with their children. Their children, their wives, and their relatives, mothers and fathers. They have to be also secure zone, bomb shelters, and schools, bomb shelters for hospitals.Is it -- what is it? This is for pensioners or for whom? This all of us in front, soldiers in the front line, so all these, all your support, what you give, this financial part that you said, yes, all this. This is the part of defending of Ukraine.BAIER: President Trump suggested making the money a loan. You said in Munich, you'd like to invite President Trump to the front lines.ZELENSKYY: If Trump, Mr. Trump, if he will come, I'm ready even to go with him to the front line.BAIER: If he was here, like we are.ZELENSKYY: Yes.BAIER: What would you tell him?ZELENSKYY: I think he's eyes, first of all, his eyes, ears.BAIER: I can hear it.ZELENSKYY: Yes, it will tell him what's going on. First of all, well, why I said please come. I'm happy to see all the candidates and all the people who are decisionmakers or can support, not to be against, just understand what the war in Ukraine means, who opened this war, who began it, and what's going on. What's around. What brilliant Ukraine we had. We have a beautiful country, but in the war, it's another picture, another life. I suggest him just to come. I'm ready to go with him. Maybe he wants alone without me. It doesn't matter foir me. Come, see people, just to speak to them on the streets.BAIER: Because you don't know how he is going to solve it in 24, 48 hours.ZELENSKYY: I can't understand how it can be. He can't solve this problem, this tragedy, with me. Yes, of course, I will explain everything, and he will explain what his thoughts. Maybe he has some ideas. I don't know. But he will see what's going on. And after that, I think he will change his mind and he will understand that there is no two sides of this war. There is only one enemy, and this is the position of Putin.BAIER: A couple more critics that I want you to address their criticism.ZELENSKYY: OK.BAIER: You canceled the presidential election.ZELENSKYY: Canceled?BAIER: Canceled the election.ZELENSKYY: No, I didn't.BAIER: For an emergency, because of the war.ZELENSKYY: No, no.BAIER: That's what they say. How do you respond?ZELENSKYY: OK, OK. Nobody canceled any elections. During the war the law says that you can't provide elections. And that's it. It's a war law. It's not me. It's not my new law. It's the law of Ukraine, which was from the very, very beginning. So nobody canceled it.BAIER: The critics would say that you, by trying to hold on to power, are not anxious to get to a negotiating table to end the war because you want to keep power.ZELENSKYY (through translator): First, well, I really didn't want to talk about politics because war is much more important than any election. So that's nonsense, because, apparently, I do have the largest support in society. So if we will have these elections right now, then people will elect me. So it's not that I'm trying to stay in power, because I will win the elections if the elections would be held now. So the only way we could have the election now is to change the legislation and to understand that you can build the infrastructure for votes. So that's on the negotiation table. I don't want to sit at the table with a person who only wishes to block. He's a --BAIER: As you know, one of Vladimir Putin's biggest political opponents, Alexei Navalny, died a few days ago in a Siberian prison, mysterious circumstances. Yevgeny Prigozhin, who briefly challenged Putin, also died mysteriously. U.S. intel believes he was likely assassinated on Putin's orders. As we sit here, we hear the artillery. Do your guys tell you how many close calls there have been to take you out? Do you know how many assassinations attempts there have been on your life?ZELENSKYY: After fifth, it was not interesting to me.BAIER: After the fifth time?ZELENSKYY: Not really. We had at the very beginning, they made some --BAIER: Attempts?ZELENSKYY: Attempts, yes. Tryings, yes. But I know a lot from what they do from our intelligence, but really from me it's not interesting now.BAIER: When you think about Putin, you say you want to defeat him militarily. Do you think there is ever any chance of regime change in Russia based on people there?ZELENSKYY: I think, and it will be so. I think that it's not only militarily him. When you push, his positions are weak, when you push on the battlefield. It doesn't mean that we have to occupy by military and all our territory from 1991. It's very difficult. You would lose a lot of people then, a lot of time, much time, the long, long war. That's why it's more smart, of course, to decide this question diplomatically. But, as much as you can you do some parallel roads in it.ZELENSKYY (through translator): Putin is afraid of the strong. And he is, well, not accepting any weakness. So you have to be strong on the battlefield to prevent them from occupying anything. That's the first thing. Second, his positions will be weak here with more and more casualties. The people in Russia will see this, they will be against this war. And this wave is something that we need. We need to show informationally what is happening.BAIER: Do you trust any agreements? Because back in 1994 there was an agreement. Ukraine gave thousands of nuclear weapons up after the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991. And, in part, that was to get a security agreement with the U.S.-U.K., and Russia. Russia, obviously, disregarded it. You gave up the nukes. Could you be sure of any agreement?ZELENSKYY: I believe only in legal agreements, a significant one, powerful one. I believe that for Ukraine being a part of NATO is important, important for surviving. If Ukraine will not stand, Putin might go to other NATO countries. I believe in security guarantees and bilateral level because it involves specific sanctions, weapons, and actions against the aggressor. And, Bret, frankly speaking, I believe that only the powerful Ukrainian armed forces will be able to protect us and Europe.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): Next up, President Zelenskyy addresses comments from Russian President Vladimir Putin directly.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ZELENSKYY: I don't have time to hear more than two hours of bullshit about us, about the world, about the United States, about our relations.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: More with President Zelenskyy after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to Kharkiv, Ukraine. Now more from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ZELENSKYY: Each time it's very important for soldiers and very important for me to also speak with the people about the war, what they need, and also to support them and to give them medals and orders for them. It's very important.BAIER: My former colleague, Tucker Carlson, recently traveled to Moscow and sat down for an interview with Vladimir Putin. Did you happen to see that or coverage of it?ZELENSKYY: I heard some messages, and in media, and also my guys who are advisers, they said. So I don't have -- I don't have time to hear more than two hours of bullshit about us, about the world, about the United States, about our relations, and this interview with a killer. So, I have got some briefly what was there.BAIER: One of the things he did say is that you signed a decree forbidding any negotiations with Russia, and that he said Russia has never refused to negotiate.ZELENSKYY (through translator): So it's not negotiations. Negotiations with tanks, with occupation of Ukraine, with destroying our people. It's not about negotiations. That's first thing. Secondly, everyone knows and everyone will tell you, both Macron and Schultz, they talked to Putin before the occupation, and he told that there would be no occupation, there would be no invasion. And like after that, just half-an-hour before the invasion, he sent them a note. So he can't be trusted. And whatever he's promising, well, that's nothing.BAIER: He also said he has no interest in going into Poland, Latvia or anywhere else. Do you think that that's part of the bull?ZELENSKYY: Shit.BAIER: That you said?ZELENSKYY (through translator): Yes. First of all, I believe that he is not really an adequate person. And he's not really, doesn't really remember what he is saying in different interviews. People around him there saying that he is not willing to stop until they reach their goals.BAIER: But he also calls you a neo-Nazi, by the way, and says you have nazis in your administration.ZELENSKYY (through translator): I heard about this. Keep searching for them in the administration, but I couldn't find it. But we will keep working, keep searching.BAIER: The U.S. is supporting, and we will see what happens in Congress. But at the same time, the Biden administration is supporting, they are also installing a moratorium on liquid natural gas. In other words, they are saying the stopping of the selling of liquid natural gas, which means that Russia may actually start selling liquid natural gas to Europe again. Do you have a problem with that?ZELENSKYY (through translator): Let's be frank. The European countries are trading with gas and energy, resources with Russia like gas, oil. This is happening. But naturally, they are becoming independent from the energy standpoint, and Germany has already demonstrated this. And I believe, even though the war brings no positive aspects, but Europe is becoming a more independent.BAIER: Russia is going to get a lot more money based on this. As they are trying to support you, push back on Russia, at the same time, in essence, by a climate change rule, they are supporting Russia to get more money.ZELENSKYY: Our example, even during war, we didn't get any gas from any countries. All gas we use is Ukrainian. This year we use only our gas. We don't be depending on Putin's mood.BAIER: Ending where we began, two years is a long time. I know you feel it, I have talked to people in your streets who feel it. So when does it end?ZELENSKYY (through translator): I think it's not very fair to ask Ukrainians when the war will finish. We are doing everything possible for the war to end as soon as possible. When the world will be ready to stop Putin. Well, let's be frank. The world is not really ready for Putin to be able to lose his power. The world is afraid of changes in Russian Federation. The United States and the European countries and global countries, so when the world will understand exactly that, well, Putin has broken all the reds line. He is inadequate person that is a threat to the whole world, that he will destroy NATO. That's his goal. So when the world will understand, OK, that's it. So, in this moment the war will end.BAIER: What is your message to Congress?ZELENSKYY: We are thankful for everything that has been done by the United States, by president and Congress. And my message is, if they want to be very pragmatic, the price we are asking now to support, this price is less than it will be in the future. If we've fallen down and Putin will go to NATO countries. They will pay much more, much more. We just want to live to survive. We don't have -- we just want to survive. I think congressmen are just people with their families, with their children, and I think they understand that we are just trying to save our houses with children. And just say that if you think that we are fighting for the common values, so let's help us and let's support -- let's be unity.BAIER: Mr. President, thank you for your time.ZELENSKYY: Thanks so much, Bret. Thank you.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): Next up, we'll check in with my colleague Trace Gallagher with the other stories of the day.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. Here are some of the other stories making headlines tonight.Tens of thousands of Americans had to deal with a loss of cellular phone service today. AT&T reported about 58,000 outages. It says service has been restored. No official reason has been given for the outages.A U.S. company says its lunar lander has reached the surface of the moon. It is said to be transmitting a weak signal back to earth. The first time an American spacecraft has landed on the moon since the Apollo missions ended in 1972.Meantime, President Biden met with the late Alexei Navalny's widow and daughter today in California. The opposition leader died while in Russian custody last week. The president later posted that Navalny's legacy of courage will live on. The administration is expected to announce new sanctions on Russia tomorrow.A major rally today on Wall Street led the Dow and S&P to record closes. The Dow surging 457, the S&P 500 finished ahead 105, and the Nasdaq soaring 461.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: Will Ukrainians survive without Congress's support? Of course, but not all of us.And you will see that day will go, Putin will never stay, will never stop.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Let's bring in our panel, Harold Ford Jr., former Tennessee Congressman and co-host of THE FIVE, Kimberley Strassel, a member of the editorial board at "The Wall Street Journal," and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. Thank you all for coming on. Kind of referring to what Volodymyr Zelenskyy was talking about there, Harold Ford Jr., the package, the aid package is still really tied up in Congress. It looks like maybe mid-March before the House really takes a close look at that, which is a very long time, as you heard, for President Zelenskyy and the Ukrainian people.HAROLD FORD JR., FORMER TENNESSEE REPRESENTATIVE: Well, first off, thanks for having me. I think Bret deserves a lot of credit for what he has done here, and hopefully some sort of settlement or negotiation here can be resolved. I would say two things. If you are a member of Congress, Democrat or Republican, I would hope circulating in your head, he or she, is two things. One, NATO has been the most successful alliance in the last half of the 20th century and the first part of the 21st century. One might argue for even longer than that. They helped us to win the Cold War.Now we find ourselves asking two basic questions. Should NATO contribute more? Yes. But should we block Putin from this aggression? I think we have to, and I hope they think about that as they think about aid package.GALLAGHER: Yes, Kim. "The Wall Street Journal" writes the following in part, quoting here, "Kyiv urgently needs ammunition and the money to make or buy it. But Republicans in the House are blocking even a vote on new weapons. It's a shameful position that will tar the Republican Party as the abandonment of South Vietnam did Democrats. But if the impasse continues, Mr. Biden and Western Europe need to find money elsewhere. Russian reserves are the best source for that." I mean, you could talk about the White House, Kimberley, possibly shifting some money away with executive action. Buff they really need Congress's approval on this.KIMBERLEY STRASSEL, "WALL STREET JOURNAL": Well, yes. Look, we need to talk more about these reserves. They have been sitting there gathering dust and interest for several years now. There's been some very good analysis from legal scholars as to why it would be completely justified for America to use this.But look, Congress needs to get this done. And that was a very compelling interview, not just about the return on investment America has already received from the Ukrainian forces and how much they have degraded Russia at a fraction of what we would normally be spending, but the thing I hope that's keeping Congress up at night was Zelenskyy's warning that loss here is not just going to be about Ukrainian soldiers. We see what Russians do, what they do to civilians, women, children. They will roll over that country, and it will be bad.GALLAGHER: Yes, yes, but I want to put this Marist poll up for you, Matthew Continetti, because you look at the numbers here, should the U.S. authorize additional aid to Ukraine -- 16 percent, Israel, 15 percent. The bottom two are interesting, both 32 percent, neither 36 percent. So kind of tie on both and neither are very close. What do you make of those numbers, Matthew?MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: The country is divided. The Republican Party is divided. But I think the takeaway from Bret's interview with Zelenskyy is clear. Putin will not stop with Ukraine. He will continue to push, and he will continue to threaten NATO countries. So if you don't want Americans directly involved in the conflict with Russia, the best way to prevent that from happening is to supply the weapons to Ukraine, and soon.GALLAGHER: Is that a fair assessment in your estimation, Harold? Because Bret talked a little bit about Zelenskyy about maybe this capacity or maybe the need for some offramp for them, some diplomatic solution in this. I have got about 35 seconds for you.FORD: I will make this really easy. I agree with everything Natt and Kimberley have said, and I give kudos to Bret. If we don't stop him here, we will have U.S. troops on that continent trying to stop him elsewhere. We should fund him now and fund this effort as much as we can.GALLAGHER: Harold Ford, Kimberley Strassel, Matthew Continetti, thank you all.Well, Bret's extended interview with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy will be available tomorrow morning on FOX Nation.Up next, we return to Ukraine for some final thoughts with Bret.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT.We made the trip from Kharkiv in an armored truck driving about seven hours back down to the capital city of Kyiv. We're here in Independence Square in downtown Kyiv. Behind me is a memorial with a flag for each of the soldiers killed over the two years of this war. On the other side of the square, there's a protest demanding the release of Ukrainian hostages, Ukrainian prisoners of war being held by Russia.Covering war is a tough thing. Logistically, it's very difficult. We've had scores and scores of staff members, photographers, engineers come through here in Kyiv and Lviv and Warsaw covering this over the past two years, and we continue to.I want to take a moment and just note the correspondents who have covered this war out in the field. Trey Yingst.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: You can hear that explosion there. Let's move a little quicker.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Lucas Tomlinson.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LUCAS TOMLINSON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: We are up to 30,000 Russian forces amassing.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Mike Tobin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: These kind of things have been Arnold since World War I.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Jeff Paul.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: What took place here will never go away.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Greg Palkot.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: Another Russian missile attack.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Alexis McAdams.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: With more than 2 million Ukrainian refugees here in Poland.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Amy Kellogg.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMY KELLOGG, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Government officials here are really digging in.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Griff Jenkins.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The rubble we are standing on once an apartment building.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Jonathan Hunt.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The usually packed streets quieter by the day.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Alex Hogan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: These soldiers are part of Ukraine's territorial defense.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Aishah Hasnie.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: They have hopes that one day they will return home.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Steve Harrigan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Russia is using antiship missiles.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Jennifer Griffin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: It is going to take a long time to rebuild.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Nate Foy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: You see the effects of the missile strike.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Matt Finn.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Almost directly at the center of this property is this massive creator.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And, of course, Benjamin Hall and his crew.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: You can see the total destruction of the buildings here behind me.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: They were attacked in their car. Benjamin has talked about how he has recovered from the grievous injuries and fought for that recovery.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: It was like everything I was trying to do was get home and get back to my family.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: He is now back in the field for us, most recently reporting from Israel.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Benjamin Netanyahu said from the very beginning that the very purpose of this war was to defeat Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: We did lose two of our colleagues in that attack on that car. Pierre Zakrzewski and Sasha Kuvshynova. We remember Pierre and Sasha on this two-year anniversary. We mourn their loss, but we also remember their excellence in journalism.For that matter, we also remember our "Wall Street Journal" colleague Evan Gershkovich who is being held by the Russians, and we add our voices to the calls for him to be released. Covering war is tough, but we will continue to -- fair, balanced, and unafraid.Friday, I will be back in the U.S. I will bring you a little story about what life is like here in Kyiv. They are trying to get back to normal, but there is a threat that looms overhead every single day.Good night from Kyiv. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" starts right now.