DAN HOFFMAN, FORMER STATION CHIEF, CIA MOSCOW: But yes, I think President Trump should be held accountable for those -- for those words.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, Dan, thank you very much. We'll follow it closely. Dan Hoffman, former CIA station chief in Moscow. That'll do it for now. Let's go to "THE FIVE."JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, along with Jessica Tarlow, Jesse Watters, Dana Perino, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City, and this is THE FIVE.Democrat anxiety over the 2024 election is reaching a boiling point. A new report shedding light on how some top Democrats fear Biden's campaign might be stumbling past a point of no return. Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly telling them that she isn't worried about losing to Donald Trump, but rather losing to the couch, which refers to voters who might stay home on election day.And Operation Dump Joe is growing louder. A New York Times columnist is cooking up a brand new way to bait Joe into stepping aside. Tell him he could be a hero.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)EZRA KLEIN, POLITICAL ANALYST, THE NEW YORK TIMES: I think Biden, as painful as it is, should find his way to stepping down as a hero. That the party should help him find his way to that, to being the thing that he said he would be in 2020, the bridge to the next generation of Democrats. And then I think Democrats should meet in August at the convention to do what political parties have done at conventions so many times before, organize victory.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But the big guy shows no signs of going away. And popular radio host Charlamagne tha God is adding more fuel to the fire. He's calling out Joe Biden's special ability to be mediocre.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, RADIO HOST: He's just an uninspiring candidate. Like, you know, there's nothing about Joe Biden that makes you want to listen to him. He has no main character energy at all. I don't think it has anything to do with age. You know, I think it has just everything to do with him.Like Donald Trump is what, four years, three years younger than President Biden, but he just comes off a lot more youthful. He comes off, you know, like he has a lot more energy.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And what a bunch of historical malarkeys. A group of self-proclaimed experts on the presidency just rang Joe Biden as the 14th best president in history while giving Trump last place. All right, Jesse, I want to go to you first. No main character energy, nothing makes you want to listen to him, uninspiring, Charlamagne tha God.Now, Joe Biden told him that if you're not -- that a guy like him didn't vote for Joe, that he really wasn't Black. So, what's going on here?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I think Charlamagne is wider than Greg at this point then. The main character energy is when the border's invaded, when Putin goes into Ukraine and the life here for Americans gets more expensive. You ask Joe Biden anything about this and he says, not allowed to talk to you. I'll get in trouble. That's not main character energy.Main character energy is when you go to Sneaker Con and people start chatting, let's go Brandon. You go to the UFC fight, play golf, talk to people, act like you're on top of things. Joe Biden is not on top of anything. Maybe on top of a couch. Maybe -- I'm not going to make that joke. But it is clear that Joe Biden is the kind of guy that things happen to. He doesn't make things happen.And when Ezra Klein says you're going to have to convince him to not run for reelection, old people are stubborn, Jeanine. Walk into any 80-year-old man's house and try to adjust the thermostat. Try to convince your grandfather that he should drive somewhere the day before Thanksgiving. Go into someone's house at that age and tell them Bill Russell is not as good as Michael Jordan.They have their set in their ways. Joe Biden proposed a Jill five times, Jeanine. That's about as stubborn a man as you could possibly get. You're not going to convince Joe Biden of anything. You might be on to trick him into believing that he's running for reelection when he's really not running. But a lot of these people like Charlamagne and the people under 50, if you're a Democrat, you've only known two Democrat presidents really, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, the first and second Black president. And those two are incredibly charismatic and they can use the bully pulpit to inspire people.Joe Biden can't do that. Joe Biden does not feel the street. He does not understand what makes a heartbeat. He's a political relic, artifact from a bygone era and people now realize that. And they'd rather have the guy that shows a little muscle than a guy that has none.PIRRO: You know, Jessica, it seems that every week somebody comes out. First, it's like Axelrod, then it's Carville, New York Times editorial, Charlamagne tha God, Ezra Klein, Jon Favreau, Tlaib even was like, don't vote for the guy. Young environmentalists don't want to vote for him. And I spoke to a doctor and he said to me, a lot of times people who were suffering from various cognitive issues, they don't know that they have those cognitive issues so they become even more stuck in their ways.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: OK, we're all not doctors so we're definitely not diagnosing. Oh, I'm sorry, Greg. Not diagnosing that. And Joe Biden regularly does see a team of doctors. And I think someone would have been formed him if there was something really wrong with him.But there has definitely been a perceptible shift. And I think it came from the Hur report. David Axelrod is part of the Obama orbit which has been very apt to criticize him. Charlamagne tha God was not enthusiastic about Biden going back to 2020. That -- this is consistent with it. But the Hur report seems to have really struck a nerve with people, not that they necessarily say, I'm not going to go out and vote for him, but this is a problem that we can't ignore anymore.And I listened or I read most of Ezra Klein's audio essay. I think he makes a lot of really good points. But what Jon Favreau, who's part of the Pod Save America group and was part of the Obama Administration has said is actually not that he thinks that Biden is too old to do this, but that you can't ignore the veracity of these concerns. You can't tell voters you're silly for wondering if he's too old, if he's going to make it through a second term. What happens if he doesn't? The Kamala Harris question.But the point that he brings up that I think is so crucial is that if we "organize victory" at the convention and give it to someone else, is that actually a less risky proposition in terms of winning? So, we have these stars, right? We have Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania, Gretchen Whitmer from Michigan, Gavin Newsom, who we talk about all the time from California, all very bold and exciting, doing incredible things, charismatic, telegenic, the right age, et cetera. They're not proving quantities. They haven't beaten Donald Trump before. Joe Biden is the only one that has done that.And main character energy, yes, it is a great saying. But main character energy to most Democrats I talk to is being able to deliver 81 million votes in 2020, or to get this legislation passed, or to oversee the most successful midterms for a party not empowered in the House. That is main character energy. We want to win more than anything else because Donald Trump, the Sneaker Con scion, is the guy on the other side of it. So, that's what I think people are paying attention to.PIRRO: You know, Dana, when you talk about main character energy, I don't think anyone would deny that Donald Trump has that.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Absolutely.PIRRO: But when you talk about Joe Biden, the Joe Biden of 2024 is not the Joe Biden of 2020. We have seen the cognitive decline. And again, it's not age, it's cognitive.PERINO: I believe it was Byron York last weekend tweeted a video from 2020 Biden and then 2024 Biden. And if you watch both of them, you're like, OK, there is an obvious difference. And a couple of things. So, the Hur report to me basically gave the media cover to finally say what everyone was whispering about. And that's why it's not that you had all these people from the right wing go on the Sunday shows to talk about Biden's problems and how he should step aside.The other one we haven't mentioned today is Nate Silver, the pollster and analyst. He has a long piece in the New York Times today. And he basically says, Biden needs a show he can handle easy basic media, or he needs to step aside. Well, what happened last week? He gave that press conference the week before. He said, OK, that wasn't a good idea. He gave a statement on Tuesday in which he previews the statement by saying, I'm not going to take your questions today, but I'll take them tomorrow. He didn't take them the next day on that Wednesday. He did not take them on Thursday. And then he went to East Palestine on Friday and didn't have a big press conference there.So, the Biden campaign and his supporters have been just whistling past the graveyard as I try to tell you. He's not too old. He runs circles around us at the White House. The border is close. There's no problem there. And the economy is great. So, not only are they trying to convince 86 percent of Americans that Biden is not too old to run, they're trying to do all of these other things.So, what have they done? They made a big mistake. This morning, it's reported that his team believes that the March 7th State of the Union Address is his chance to reset the narrative. And do you think raising expectations on that primetime speech is a good idea right now? But they've already done it.PIRRO: Mistake. All right, Greg, I was checking you out in the green room. And --WATTERS: Me too.PIRRO: Yes, I was. And so, here's the issue. I was looking for those gold sneakers on your feet. You don't have them on, do you?PERINO: Not yet.GUTFELD: Not yet. But it's -- they sold out, right?PIRRO: They did.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Like 1,000. So, that just shows you that you can galvanize people the more you persecute them. You know what Joe reminds me of? He reminds me, you know, when you're at a hotel bar with your friends, and there's a guy at the bar that kind of won't leave you alone and just is thought overly friendly and has no clue what -- that he's annoying you.And then he follows you out. Like, you have to kind of tell him, hey, we're going to dinner. You know, nice meeting you, whatever. But he follows you and then you guys have to make a plan. Like, let's pretend we're all going to bed. So, let's all go to the elevator. But then we'll meet at the rooftop bar in 15 minutes, and that's how you ditch him. So, they have to ditch Joe.And you have to think about it. It's not going to be that hard. He's already kind of confused. Just tell him that the convention is the next day or say that it's early in the morning. And then have a mock one, and then have the real one later. He won't know the difference.But I do not buy the concern over Joe's health at all, the anxiety from the Democrats, because it's not about him being incapacitated, it's that he's going to lose. If you remember, incapacitation didn't matter when Fetterman showed up to the debate because he was ahead. They didn't care that he had sentences backwards and that it was really a sad sight to behold. Lucky for everyone, he recovered.But there was no concern about the possibility that he wouldn't recover, right? They just knew that when he got in, they'd worry about it later. That's to me what the big picture is, is that it's not who's president, it's who wins. Because when you think about it, Biden, the Joe Biden we knew and tolerated is not the Joe Biden that runs the country. This congenial moderate backslapper turned out to be the most consequential progressive in recent history.And he denied RFK Jr. Secret Service protection after claiming that he was close friends with the Kennedy family. This is not somebody in charge. Somebody else is in charge. So, it's almost as if whether it's Kamala, it's Joe, it's Gavin, they're all irrelevant. It's getting into the White House first and then who's ever in control will take care of the rest, right?If Joe was up in the polls right now, they keep his corpse warm right now. They don't care. They'd prop him up. But it's the numbers that are scaring them, it's not his health. They don't care about that. They care that they'll be out of power.PIRRO: Should Joe be concerned about his health?GUTFELD: I'm sure she is. But I haven't talked to her in days. You know, we went to a medical conference, a pediatric neurosurgery. You didn't know that, did you?PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Please give him the best.PIRRO: All right.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: All right, up next, pro-Trump truckers want to hit Liberal New York right where it hurts. The boycott threat over the obscene verdict against 45.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: These repulsive abuses of power are not just an attack on me, they're really an attack on you and all Americans. Nobody's going back to New York State. A lot of people are leaving, a lot of businesses. It's a sham case. There were no victims, no defaults, no damages, no complaints, no nothing. There was nothing.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Former President Trump sounding the alarm to other New York businesses after a democratic judge delivered what could be the financial death penalty for Trump's organization, a whopping $355 million penalty and banning Trump from running any business in New York for the next three years.Experts like Shark Tank host Kevin O'Leary warned Trump's punishment could cause an exodus to other states.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN O'LEARY, HOST, SHARK TANK: What does this say to everybody that wants to do work in New York that wants to risk capital? I mean, it's a huge mistake. And this judge arbitrarily deciding that this is the right amount, I don't understand it. No developer does. It's an atrocity. It's an embarrassment. But it's an assault on real estate.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: New York Governor Kathy Hochul is assuring business owners that have nothing to worry about as long as your last name isn't Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): Law-abiding and rule following New Yorkers who are business people have nothing to worry about because they're very different than Donald Trump and his behavior.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: A group of Trump supporter -- supporting truckers might be threatening to hit New Yorkers right where it hurts and refuse to drive deliveries into the city. And that would of course drive-up prices and you know, more chaos that we wouldn't -- don't necessarily need.Kevin O'Leary calls it an atrocity. What do you call it?GUTFELD: Well, two obvious points. If you can't identify the victims, then the crime was reverse-engineered, right? Usually, the -- if a crime is organic, the victim would begin the process. But the process was as an old Stalinist ploy, find me the man and then we'll find the crime. $335 million is a bit excessive when the amount owed to the banks is none.They in the end agreed to the loans which he then paid back. If he probably wanted another loan, I'm sure he's going to get it because he pays his loans back. So, if there's no victim, it was reverse-engineered. What Hochul said, as long as you are politically in line and you don't upset us, we won't have a problem.And I'm beginning to learn this is happening in a lot of places. We looked -- I mean, and I was on the wrong side on surveillance, and then there was speech, and now there's your livelihood. With surveillance they said, there's nothing to worry about if you're not doing anything wrong, so you won't mind if we spy until they spied on Americans. Then it was freedom of speech. You have nothing to worry about it's just about hate speech and that became disinformation and misinformation and stuff they didn't like. Then it was you.And now it's your ability to make a living. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry, well, unless you're a Democrat or you call -- you're not a Democrat and you call out all the mistakes the Democrats make and you're a threat to our power then that's different.So, it's the message is we're going to leave you alone but only if you do what we say. And I'm serious. I mean, I'm thinking OK, I am not a Democrat, I constantly rail on their policies. I have a -- I'm on a show that gets a lot of reach. How soon before they come after us? I mean, it's not that hard to find a judge to arbitrarily decide you broke the law and then give the judgment like days before the show trial starts. I mean, they can do it to anybody, except you Jessica.PERINO: I did wonder about --TARLOV: I'll bail you all out. I just want you to know you guys are going to be fine.PERINO: Judge, I did wonder about this. The judge -- there was no jury. And why did they even -- if the judge was just going to do this anyway, why did they make President Trump come up over and over again and sit in the courtroom for days to try to basically get what was going to happen anyway?PIRRO: Well, you're right. The judge had deter determined that the president was liable. It was just a question for how much the damages would be. Except there are no damages because as Greg just said, they never defaulted. They paid every loan on time. They paid some of the loans in advance. They never breached a covenant.In addition, they added extra collateral to a lot of the assets so that they were considered top tier platinum borrowers who would get money today in a second. And when Hochul comes out and she says, you know, don't worry, she should just as well have said don't worry, we were just out to get Trump, you'll be OK.And the amazing part of this is fraud. And I just want to just be a lawyer for a second. Fraud is -- the Consumer Fraud statute is the statute upon which they based this case. But in order for there to be a fraud, there has to be a misrepresentation, but there has to be a detrimental reliance. But in addition to the representation made by the Trump Organization, they had a disclaimer, a legal disclaimer saying don't even look at our numbers. Do your own analysis. Do your own real estate evaluation. Bring in your accountants, your real estate advisors.And -- but even if that was a bad representation by Trump, it has to be to their detriment. Who lost? No one. And what New York is saying now is not only are we not going to keep you safe from the super gangs, the MS-13 and the Tran Aruga (PH), or whatever they're called, right out here two blocks away which is why I won even walk outside anymore.But what they're saying is that with Amazon and AOC, we don't want business in New York. They were going to get a $1.5 million tax break and AOC went ballistic. She -- we lost $4 billion in wages, 25,000 jobs, and $12.1 billion in benefits that would have been to New York businesses and to New Yorkers.This Leticia James is out of control. She is unethical. She is inept. You do not pick a person and say I will find a crime. I don't like you. I'm going to find -- we've got all this crime going out here and this woman is after Donald Trump. Shame on her and all of them.PERINO: How do you think the business community is actually looking at it? She says it's no big deal, but Kevin O'Leary says it's an atrocity.PERINO: I'm not sure. I think it'll probably -- we'll have to see how it plays out in the Appeals Court. And that's what everyone is waiting for to see, right, because the state will have to prove exactly who was the victim in all of this. And I assume they've thought about this long enough that they have a good answer for that.But basically everyone who is defending Donald Trump in this from Kevin O'Leary to some folks here is saying it is OK to falsify your business records, to issue false financial statements, to commit conspiracy to -- for insurance fraud.PIRRO: Well, where's the fraud?TARLOV: When he goes out there --PIRRO: Where is the fraud?TARLOV: The fraud is -- and David Brooks lays this out really nicely. He was on a weekend show. He says you can't have three sets of books. You can't have the books for the bankers, so that's Deutch Bank, who yes, is happy with all this. Then you have your IRS books. And we know that you're supposed to tell the IRS the truth. And then you have a set of books with the real numbers I guess which is what Allen Weiselberg had. Donald Trump continue --PIRRO: But you don't say that there were three sets of books. Where do you get that from? Where do you get that from?TARLOV: That's part of what Engoron -- Engoron had said that.PIRRO: Engoron? He's a lunatic.TARLOV: Oh, because he's lunatic, it means it didn't exist. Donald Trump -- listen --PIRRO: Yes. This is a judge who decides cases based on emotion.TARLOV: OK. I think emotion is hot at the table and it is not emanating from me. So, since Donald Trump ran the first time, he has been making this argument if they could do this to me, they could do this to you. The average person is not inflating their wealth by $800 million to $2.2 billion. They're not sexually assaulting women. They're not storing classified documents in the toilet. They're not fomenting an insurrection.PIRRO: What?TARLOV: At Mar-a-Lago. You remember the --(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Let's focus on this case. We can do -- we do can do a lot.TARLOV: No, but it worries about Donald Trump -- you always do that.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: No, no.PIRRO: What about this, Jessica?GUTFELD: You're doing a laundry list.TARLOV: Really? You just going to judge Engoron is too emotional.GUTFELD: You're doing a laundry list when we're focus on one topic. We're focused on one topic.TARLOV: OK.GUTFELD: And yes it does matter.TARLOV: Falsifying your business records, do you do that?GUTFELD: No. I'll tell you what I do do, because I'm glad you asked. When you're in a contract negotiation --PIRRO: Exactly.GUTFELD: -- with a company. Let's say your contract is up and your company says we want to renew your contract and they don't give you a bump in the raise. That's the beginning. And then you come back and you go you know what, I'm going to ask for the freaking moon which I always do. And I know I'm not going to get the moon, but I also know at the end of the day they're going to see everything. I can say I want a $100 million over the next six months. They're going to laugh, laugh, laugh. But that doesn't mean I broke the law, it means this is what you put down in a negotiation. And as the judge said, it's all transparent. They actually see it. There is no fraud here, which is why you're bringing up other stuff.TARLOV: No, it's not. i started with that and then I said, actually it's a pattern.GUTFELD: That is not a legal argument.TARLOV: Well --GUTFELD: I'm sure --PERINO: OK, I got to get Jesse in. Let's just give you the final word.WATTERS: I was going to say you obviously, with respect Jessica, know nothing about real estate, real estate valuations, real estate development or the IRS, or getting loans from big banks to develop skylines in New York City. Donald Trump did more for New York City than a thousand Letitia James has done. And if you look at this history of this case, she's going after now Cuomo, Donald Trump, the NRA, the NYPD and she's done nothing on street crime, nothing on real white collar crime.And then her phony friend, Alvin Bragg, if you just try to defend yourself working at a bodega or on the subway, he goes after you. That's why 160 businesses have left New York. That's why almost a million New Yorkers have left. This is an unsafe climate if you have a certain political opinion. It's why companies don't do business in Venezuela, Russia, Pakistan because it's corrupt. Because if you're on the other side of the political people that are in power at the time, they'll target your business.And I like the fact that you said you're not supposed to mess with your books or you're supposed to tell the truth to the IRS because that's not what the Biden family business has done.TARLOV: Oh, my God.WATTERS: And all we're saying Jessica is we want fair treatment. You're looking at a mountain of evidence where the guy doesn't even have a business card. The Bidens don't even have a website and there's diamonds missing, there's tax fraud, he's sitting down to dinner with Russian billionaires and then leaving them off the sanctions list. Donald Trump, you can see what he does. No one's complaining about this. Bidens are ripping people off and then they're getting away with it.TARLOV: Can we talk about the FBI informant that was a total con?WATTERS: No, no. It's not con. He's arresting the guy that blew a whistle.TARLOV: No, it was. Literally the special counsel just came out with it.WATTERS: He's arresting the guy that blew the whistle on him, Jessica.TARLOV: Oh, God.WATTERS: Right? Just like they did with the Israeli. How come they don't rest --TARLOV: And I would argue that wasn't respectful.WATTERS: How come they didn't arrest the FBI informant who had Russia collusion? How come they didn't arrest Curveball that said there was WMDs in Iraq? We're just going to just arrest FBI informants?TARLOV: He lied.PERINO: And we are also going to tease. All right, up next --WATTERS: How do you know he lied?TARLOV: (INAUDIBLE).PERINO: -- it's the crazy scam story involving a -- guys.WATTERS: That's what Biden's prosecutor say?PERINO: There's a phony undercover CIA agent, 50,000 bucks in a shoe box and a New York Times financial columnist who totally fell for it. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: New York Times finance columnist Charlotte Cowles is going viral after writing an incredibly detailed and deeply embarrassing article on how she became the victim of an elaborate scam. It's titled "The day I put 50,000 in a shoebox and handed it to a stranger." And it all started with a phone call. A so-called Amazon employee reporting fraudulent activity on her account they connected her to a supposed FTC investigator, then to a fake undercover CIA agent who was able to somehow dupe her into handing $50,000 in a shoe to a stranger who pulled up to her home in a white SUV.Charlotte explaining herself this morning.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Was there anywhere where your radar went off? Was there a moment where you're like, you know, this doesn't feel right.CHARLOTTE COWLES, FINANCE COLUMNIST, THE NEW YORK TIMES: Oh, absolutely. I mean, the whole time, none of it felt right. But the tiny chance that what they were saying was actually true was terrifying enough that I was willing to cooperate.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They make it seem like you can't contact this person. Don't.COWLES: Yes, don't. You're under surveillance. You're being watched. Your phone is tapped. Your computer has been hacked. They really make it seem like you have nowhere to turn.(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: Judge, I want to come to you first on this. It's a totally insane story. And if you do have that many red flags going off, how do you carry through with this to that level?PIRRO: Well, first of all, let me say that I'm not going to criticize her, OK. So, you know, a lot of people get scammed. I see it every day. And the amazing thing is it's something like 34 percent more young people get scammed than older people.PERINO: Wow.PIRRO: Everyone thinks it's the old people who are getting scammed. Young people fall for this. Look, she's a financial advice columnist but that doesn't mean that she can't take in the fear that you know, all of these things that they're saying might not be happening.OK, so first of all, it's an Amazon employee who calls. Why would Amazon call you? Then they then they hook you up to the FTC. Why would the Amazon -- what do they have to do with the FTC? Then the FTC connection to the CIA. That's where I drop out. I'm not saying that I haven't been scammed because I have. But when -- the CIA is an international organization. They could care less about Amazon.But they told her she's got nine cars signed to her, along with 22 bank accounts, and now she's worried. But the thing -- when they said to her don't tell your husband and don't tell a lawyer, that's when you've got to say to yourself, look, I should be able to talk to someone about this. They say that the con artists have her under surveillance. They were the con artist.She takes $50,000 out. So, this wasn't a split-second thing. She goes to the bank and takes 50,000, puts it in the shoe box and gives it to these people from the government. I don't know anyone from the government who shows up in a white Mercedes, OK. And the shoe box to me is that they're just joking about her.So, I understand the panic and the fear. I really do. But I'm really wondering about all of this. And for me, I was told the bank was calling me that they were with the bank. And I said, no I have to call the bank back. And they answered the phone as the bank.TARLOV: Yes.PIRRO: OK. And my bank didn't protect me. And if you want to know what it is, email me and I'll let you know.TARLOV: Dana, what do you think?PERINO: I think that this sounds like a very elaborate scam that somebody made up. And I don't know who made it up, maybe the scammers made it up, but I honestly think this doesn't pass a smell test. Greg and I both read Charles Cooke's piece from National Review this weekend emailing each other. Like, what in the world is going on? He'll have more on that.But the other thing is, regardless, she has no street smarts. If you're -- you have to have some sort of instinct about it. This is an educated woman who it writes financial columns, and then she puts us out there. I don't know really what's going on but I do know scams are a huge problem. People are getting bilked out of lots and lots of money. So, trust your gut. If something sounds weird, that probably is. And then hang up and call somebody that you trust. Call the judge. That's who I call, right? I would be like, Judge, does this sound crazy? She's like, yes, it sounds crazy. Hang up. Do not ever call him again.PIRRO: Do you want her number?TARLOV: Do you want her calling you for advice on these things?WATTERS: No. My friends would never fall for anything like this. This is why these media people fall for all these hoaxes, Jessica. She's even saying in the column, I'm not a dupe, I'm well educated. That's exactly why the CIA loves to feed hoaxes to the New York Times because they just run with this stuff. Oh, really, Trump is in bed with the Russians? Oh, my God, I got to write this down.Oh wait, wait, Biden would never arrest the FBI informant who fingered him for taking bribes. That would be against the law. I mean, are you kidding me, Jessica? From the Wuhan lab, to the laptop, to Jussie Smollett, the well-educated rational journalists at the Times have fallen for every single one, while the rest of the country is like, are you kidding me? He went for a Subway sandwich at 1:00 in the morning? Yes, sure.PERINO: Right. And 20 degrees below zero.PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: I feel like you're telling me I'm not getting the P tape and that is disappointing. Greg, you were an editor for about 15 years, right? Were there any editors --GUTFELD: Yes. The red flags -- the red flags for me aren't in the story she tells, it's in the piece, right? There's a lot of holes in this story. Why would a bank breezily hand over 50 grand? So, that has to be explained. And where was the documentation for a lot of this stuff? I mean, she made a 911 call. Her editors would have been smart to offer backup in this piece, maybe a picture of the check she claimed was texted to her.You know, there's a -- it felt also literary. Like the crisp Halloween night air, leaves swirling about, her little boy getting dressed for Halloween, it's on Halloween. There are more red flags here than a Chinese parade. So, I keep asking myself, what's more likely, a sophisticated group of scammers focus all their time and effort on a mark who's also a finance advised columnist, the least likely person you would focus on. Even though you went through her Instagram account, you would find this. Or is it a financial advice columnist who decided to write about a sophisticated group of scammers.And I don't know why she would do it. There are reasons to fake stuff. You know, you don't pay taxes on stolen money. She said that. You elicit sympathy and attention. A lot of people with mental illness will do that. It might cover up a questionable debt, a gambling debt. Either way, it's either --TARLOV: You thought (INAUDIBLE)GUTFELD: We're either this is proof that we have played down, as Jesse says, the gullibility of so-called experts in the media or we're playing down the dishonesty of so-called experts in the media. You may have to worry about -- more about journalists than online scammers. I mean, I think the writer is in a terrible spot. If the story is true, she should never be allowed to write another financial advice piece for the rest of her life. If the story is false, she Smolletted herself.I have -- I really don't know which one is which, but I always go for the obvious. And the obvious tells me there's more to this story that we're going to hear about.PIRRO: Yes.PIRRO: Plus, $50,000, I mean, it is -- there -- I thought the same thing covering up something. What's going on here?GUTFELD: She -- and she had mentioned -- and she came up with that number and they would go, yes, that sounds good.PERINO: Like, why wouldn't you ask for $200,000?GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.PERINO: $50,000?PIRRO: She was asked, what --PERINO: And the CIA gets involved?PIRRO: How much money she would need to survive for the year? And she comes up with 50.GUTFELD: Yes. It's just so strange and troubling. I think -- yes, well.PIRRO: Whatever.PERINO: Good story.TARLOV: OK, coming up, Charles Barkley dunking on San Francisco for being home to a bunch of homeless crooks.GUTFELD: That's --(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: San Francisco spent millions on goofy ad campaigns trying to convince folks their city isn't a feces-filled wasteland of homeless encampments, open-air drug markets, and rising crime. But Charles Barkley just completely dunked on the notion that San Francisco has gone clean. And it only took four words.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLES BARKLEY, FORMER PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL PLAYER: If you had a chance of being cold or being around a bunch of homeless crooks in San Francisco. When you --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, no.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, that's crazy.BARKLEY: You're not welcome. They're not going to let you in. You're not welcome in San Francisco.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, hey.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We love San Francisco.BARKLEY: No, we don't.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, we do.BARKLEY: You can't even walk around down there.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, you can walk around.BARKLEY: Yes, with a bulletproof vest.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: They're pretending they love it. No, they don't.GUTFELD: Why are they so offended?WATTERS: I don't know.GUTFELD: Why is -- oh, you can't say that. You can't say -- why? Why can't you say that? Whose feelings are you hurting? Are you worried that the homeless are home watching that telecast and like going, oh, my God, I'm writing a letter. I don't know. But you know what -- because I -- we talked about somebody getting duped. I got duped. And this is part of the sort -- by prison reform, right?I mean, this is all about in a way you know, I fell for backward science. You know, all these repeat offenders coming from the prison system, therefore it's the prison system that's causing this when in fact repeat offenders commit crime and are in prison. And so, that whole thing allowed all these crooks to come out on the guise that the prison was somehow worse than if we just let crooks out.WATTERS: Charles Barkley, we love him, Dana.PERINO: We love him because he has no talking points. Like, he is -- it's impossible for him to just be like a talking point guy. He just tells it like it is. And as I understand it, there were some big players that they were trying to get to go to San Francisco and those guys were like, no thanks. I'll actually go someplace else and take less money because their families don't want to live there. They don't want to make their families live there.And if you live in a state like California where you're paying these high taxes, you expect at the very least a clean city, some good schools. And instead what they get is it goes to drug addicts, illegal immigrants, and homeless.WATTERS: Jessica.TARLOV: I love him. I enjoyed all of All-Star Weekend, his commentary, and the play. And I would say what's so great about Charles Barkley is you know that it's not rehearsed, you know that it's genuine, and you know that it's heart -- it's heartfelt, right? He goes out. Every once in a while, he gets involved in politics. But it doesn't even bother people who are Conservatives because it's just who he is.And I think that's how normal people talk, right? They say I don't want to like have to walk over poop all the time. It's normal.WATTERS: It's normal.TARLOV: Normal, no poop.WATTERS: No poop. Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: You know, I think that someone like Charles Barkley not only does he tell it straight, but if you're going to believe anybody, believe someone like Charles Barkley because he goes all over the country. He's been going all over the country for the all the games that he does. He was in Philly. He's in San Francisco .Obviously, he's in Indianapolis. And you know, he's seen it all. And he's a -- he's a professional athlete. And so, you know, he --WATTERS: Yes, I love it when professional athletes have political opinions.PIRRO: No because he knows --TARLOV: When it's a good one.PIRRO: -- he knows the streets and he knows what's going on. And you know, it's going to be a nightmare next year at the All-Star Game in San Francisco because everybody is going to come out there. All the celebs are out there. They're going to wear their $300,000 watches and something is going to happen.Look, Newsom could probably clean up the state like he did for China or clean up part of it, but the truth is all of this is because of no bail. It was a Democrat instigated agenda and the nation is paying for it. And that's all I have to say, Jessica.WATTERS: Yes, Jessica. In your face. God, it must be hard to do your job. Straight ahead, a teen car washer turns the tables on a rude customer.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: In a car wash bay, there was hell to pay. Viral video shows a teen at an Indiana car wash striking back at a rude customer who hurled a lemonade drink in her face. But she got the last blast spraying the driver with her power hose.You know, Jesse, how stupid is this driver? She threw a cup of lemonade to somebody who has a spray washer.WATTERS: They were armed.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: You never do that. I'm a big believer in using water as a weapon. I've always thought for the --GUTFELD: Then why don't you bathe?WATTERS: -- for the for the homeless situation, why don't you just get hoses and spray them or just spritz them?TARLOV: Jesse.WATTERS: No, not full cannon. I'm not talking about hoses. I'm talking about spritzes or a cup of water just to wet them. Don't blow them off the streets like they used to, Judge. I'm not saying that. Just you know, make them a little damp.GUTFELD: Isn't that nice? Judge, don't you kind of want to know the backstory? Like why did she throw the cup of lemonade?PIRRO: Well, if she -- did she -- she had to know the girl was standing there with the power hose. She puts the window down, literally throws it at her. She deserved it. I hope the whole inside of her car was wet.GUTFELD: You know, Jessica, I don't have a question.. I've run out of steam.TARLOV: I --GUTFELD: Go ahead.TARLOV: When I saw this story, I was thinking about how much fun it used to be as a kid to go through the car wash. Like, my dad would take us and we would sit there and that's all I've got on it. That woman is rude.GUTFELD: Those were the days. You know, Dana, you said in the break that if it were you, you would have shot her in the face. And I thought that was pretty violent.PERINO: With water though.GUTFELD: Oh, yes, with water.PERINO: With water. I hope that she got a raise and didn't get fired.GUTFELD: No, I think they banned -- they actually banned the driver.PERINO: The driver. Good.PIRRO: Driver.PERINO: Stick up for your people, absolutely.TARLOV: And don't throw water on homeless people.WATTERS: Hey, listen. We've tried a lot of stuff. Let's not rule it out.GUTFELD: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg.GUTFELD: Oh, what a brand new show we have tonight. We have Charlie Hurt, Heather Zumarraga, Kat Timpf, and Jimmy Failla. That's tonight at 10:00.PERINO: Excellent.PIRRO: That's it?GUTFELD: That's it.PIRRO: Jesse.WATTERS: Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Johnny went skiing and asked people about presidents on President Day. Here's a clip.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS PRODUCER: Who was president in the 1980s?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Franklin Pierce.BELISARIO: Ron --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Swanson.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Swanson. President Swanson, one of the greatest.PERINO: I got to see that.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: He was a hungry man.PERINO: I got to see that. He's in that list of popular president. I have to check it out. The latest Perino On Politics podcast taped today with Noah Rothman. It's a good one, fun one, quick one. Check it out.PIRRO: All right, if you ever hit a super soda and it hits the spot just right, check out the boy named Teddy doing his Sprite dance. For those of you wondering, this is me in my office sipping a Dr. Pepper right before we go on air. I didn't even know this.TARLOV: Wait.PIRRO: Where's -- what's with me? There he is Sprite man.WATTERS: What's with me? That's not you, Judge.PIRRO: That's not me? That's -- what are you -- why don't they tell me?TARLOV: That's what you look like before the show?PIRRO: That's it for us. Have a great night. Sorry about that, Jessica.TARLOV: It's OK.PIRRO: OK, bye!