SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: But John, we'll be definitely watching the Daytona 500 kicking off shortly.JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Much better weather today. And there's nothing like being there in person for a NASCAR race as you hear those cars thunder by. So, either set your DVR, we'll watch it this afternoon.SMITH: All right, thanks for joining us. I'm Sandra Smith. And I'm John Roberts. Sit your DVR and never miss an episode of our program. "THE STORY" with Martha starts right now.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum and this is THE STORY. Right now at the border in California, we are watching a big increase in the number of people who are crossing. Correspondent Bill Melugin is live in Jacumba, California today.Bill, obviously we've seen a push to this direction since Texas tightened its own border. Now, people are looking for other open spots and they're ending up in California.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Martha, I want to show you something pretty crazy that's happening out here. This is the first time I've ever seen this in my coverage of the border. Take a look up on this mountain right here. This is in Jacumba. This is a huge rocky steep mountain. It might be hard. We're trying to zoom in. There is literally like an ant trail of illegal immigrants coming down this valley, this crevice in this mountain right now, walking down and coming down to the bottom here, waiting to be apprehended by Border Patrol.This line goes all the way from the bottom where I am, all the way to the very top of this mountain towards where those rocks are. We got the drone on it and our ground camera. Again, it might be very hard to see. We have to zoom in pretty far away. Three men made it down the hill already. They came and talked to us. They were all from Kazakhstan, OK. We have a big group of Chinese migrants behind us watching and filming this with their iPhones behind us.This is just how everything is going here in San Diego sector right now. But you can see this steady stream of people who have literally climbed to the top of this mountain and are walking all the way down just to get into this San Diego sector illegally. We've seen a mixture of single adults. We've seen some families bringing their little kids as well.The group you're looking at right now is towards the bottom of the mountain. But this is obviously incredibly dangerous. And I have never seen anything like this. Normally, we see these migrants take the path of least resistance. I mean, there's literally holes in the wall on ground level where we are that they could have just walked around. But for whatever reason, this group of, I can't even tell how many it is, many dozens, maybe over 100 in total or so, have climbed to the top of this huge rocky mountain and are scaling the side of this mountain now, walking down to this border patrol processing area.We'll keep the drone on that shot. And then Thomas, can we -- are we able to go over the shoulder real quick? I know, technical -- technology an issue here. Right behind us, we have this camp of migrants from all around the world, Africans, Chinese, men from Turkey that are watching these migrants come down. Some of them are on their phones. Some of them are making phone calls. Some of them are recording.It's just a bizarre scene out here. There are only two single Border Patrol agents here waiting to process this group. We have not seen a whole lot of Border Patrol out here all day long. But Martha, you set it off the top. Texas has locked down, so a lot of this illegal traffic is now moving to the West, to blue states like California, like Arizona. Here in California, there is no resistance. There's no razor wire, there's no National Guard, there's no shipping containers. It is a sanctuary state. Arizona, no resistance as well.But this is just a bizarre scene as we continue to watch these migrants from really all around the world scaling this mountain. We're going to try to talk to some of them as they -- as they continue moving down the cliff here. But the three we did talk to that have made it down so far were from Kazakhstan. Just looking at some of the people sitting in the -- sitting on the ground over there, it looks like there's going to be at least a couple Chinese in that group already.As this sector continues to be inundated with Chinese migrants, with migrants from all around the world, and I'm looking up at that rocky cliff again. And there are still people coming down from the very top. So, this is my first time down here in San Diego sector with this rugged mountainy terrain. And it's a bizarre sight to see, Martha.MACCALLUM: It sure is, Bill. You know, it's got to take -- whenever you look at a mountain like that, and you think about hiking it or climbing it, it takes hours longer than you might anticipate. So, give us a sense of how long it's taking. I have no idea what's on the other side of this mountain, what the terrain is as they go up.And also, Bill, if you could fold this in. So, you've got Chinese migrants, Chinese people who just crossed over. And did they come this way, and are - - they're turning around and taking videos of the other people who are entering the country legally?MELUGIN: That's right. I'm watching a group of them to my left right now. They're videoing them on their iPhones. They're making phone calls. And they're all looking up at the mountain just like we are. I think they're kind of shocked at what we're seeing. What's on the other side of that mountain is Mexico. The border wall is, I don't know, maybe like a mile behind me right now. It's lower on the ground. There's no border wall way up there on that cliff.So, at some point, these migrants that you see coming down the mountain, they climb that mountain on the Mexican side. Now that they are over the top, they're officially in the United States, and they're snaking their way down the mountain here to this Border Patrol processing area. So, all these people you're going to see streaming in behind us, they're technically in the United States now.We just can't really tell how many it is. I mean, there are still people coming down from the top of the mountain. There may be still more coming from the -- coming over from the Mexican side right now. But again, we've been watching for the last 15, 20 minutes or so as this steady stream of people just comes wandering down this huge rocky cliff.And I don't have to express how dangerous it is. I mean, it is very steep. We're starting to get more of them coming down on the ground right now. And a little bit, we're going to go over and talk to some of them. But this sector continue -- it looks like -- look at that. There's one person. Is that someone carrying a newborn infant right there, Thomas, in the -- in the -- yes, with the jeans on? And it looks like an elderly woman with a -- so it looks like an elderly woman just climbed that entire mountain with a baby and a blanket in her arms and somehow made it down. That is just remarkable to see.I'll step out real quick, Thomas. You can see there's literally just two Border Patrol agents on hand here to take all of these migrants into custody. Agents continue to be completely outmanned out here. They're motioning for people to come sit down where they are. They were yelling at some of the people up on the mountain earlier. It was hard to make out what they were saying. But I'm looking up at the top of the mountain. Again, there are still more people coming. Just seems to be a never-ending line right now.And it is a -- it is a remarkable sight to see. It's hard to tell where some of these folks are from unless I were to get up close and chat with them, which we'll do here in a moment. But --MACCALLUM: Yes, there's a woman with a baby we just saw walk by.MELUGIN: Welcome to San Diego sector, Martha.MACCALLUM: Yes, welcome.MELUGIN: Something new on the border.MACCALLUM: You know, you got to wonder what the folks in San Diego are going to start feeling about this when these numbers start to escalate. Because as we said, it's made it more difficult. Governor Abbott has really clamped down on his border. So, what happens to these people now? And they're coming from China and Kazakhstan. So, they're obviously taking plane -- airplanes to Central America. And then they're working their way across or in Mexico City or wherever they're coming into, right?MELUGIN: Yes, so that's a question that we often get is how are people from China getting here to the Southern Border. Typically, they're flying into a South America country that has looser visa rules or regulations. Then they kind of country-hop until they get to Guatemala. Then they get into southern Mexico, typically Tapachula. They get issued humanitarian visas by the Mexican government. That allows them to then travel within Mexico at free will.They immediately get on trains and buses and head right to the northern border. Sometimes what we've heard is the Chinese will fly into Baja, California. Then they will take buses up to the border. But for whatever reason, the last few months or so, Martha, the cartels have decided to start pushing massive amounts of Chinese nationals across the border right here in the Jacumba area.This is a random remote area, about an hour east of San Diego. We're standing right off a major interstate right now. This is Interstate 8 right to our left here. So, everybody driving by to our left, if they look up on the mountain, all the locals out here, that's what they're going to see. So, it is a very bizarre scene.MACCALLUM: Indeed. And you know, what's your sense of how these California border officials feel about the fact that the action is shifting even more dramatically into their sector? They're not surprised whatsoever. Every Border Patrol agent we've talked to says, if you take a strict posture, you're going to get results from it.And look at what Texas has done. Over the last couple of months, they've essentially locked down in Eagle Pass. Eagle Pass used to be the most busy part of the border. Back in December, they were getting between 3,000 and 4,000 illegal crossings per day. Now they're lucky if they get 30 or 40 in a day. All those shipping containers taking over the park, kicking the federal government out, putting the National Guard there.It has created an unwelcoming posture to the migrants. So, they're now shifting west. They're going to Arizona and California, blue state governors who really aren't taking any sort of a state approach to stop illegal immigration. I mean, California, sanctuary state offering all sorts of benefits to illegal immigrants, including at the start of this year, became the only state in the country to start offering health care, taxpayer-funded health care to illegal immigrants. So, it's really not a surprise that a lot of them would start flocking this way.MACCALLUM: Yes, it's extraordinary. It looks like a beautiful day there in California where they're getting a whole lot of new neighbors who are coming across that mountain. Difficult terrain, to be sure. Bill, thank you very much. If you get a chance to talk to anybody, let us know and we'll come back down there. Thank you very much.MELUGIN: We'll do that.MACCALLUM: So, Pete Hegseth is also going to be here with his reaction to what we're watching happen on the Southern Border. And meanwhile, this is the scene in Moscow if you dare to protest the death of Alexei Navalny. They are railing against this person who promised to run for office, to run against Putin, to bring people what he described as a more beautiful country of Russia.Now his wife, who is a fierce defender of her husband and what he fought for, says that she will avenge his death. What this means for politics -- there she is in the courtroom when he was being held prisoner -- what it means for Russia, what it means for the United States, Ukraine, was this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)YULIA NAVALNAYA, WIFE OF ALEXEI NAVALNY (through translator): We know exactly why Putin killed Alexei three days ago. We will tell you about it soon. We will definitely find out who exactly and how exactly committed this crime. We will tell you their names and show you their faces. But the most important thing we can do is to keep fighting.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Keep fighting. As Alexei Navalny said, throughout the course of his courageous fight where he was in and out of prisons and ended up at a gulag near the Arctic Circle where he died. Let's bring in Correspondent Benjamin Hall with the latest.Hi, Ben!BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, hi, Martha! And yes, despite all the arrests that we are seeing in Russia, people continue going out, continuing laying flowers, because such is the memory of Alexi Navalny, that they don't want that to die. They don't want the idea to die.He was the one man who stood up for democracy in Russia, who said that maybe that country could veer towards change. Many people now fear that perhaps with his death, the chances of that are diminishing as well. And inside Russia, you're seeing that the arrests also continue, the flowers are being removed. Anyone who lays flowers, anyone who leaves a message is being arrested, because Putin is so afraid of any opposition rising up.We are just one month away from the elections in Russia. And it is a clear message from Putin that no opponent will stop him or stand in his way. We haven't seen Navalny's body either. It is still missing. His mother tried to get into the morgue to get his body to see him, but she was pushed away with her team. She is there in the black coat.And now the Russian government is saying that it will be 14 days until his body is released. Many people think that -- his wife, Yulia, has said he was probably killed using Novikov. That is the same poison that he was killed with in 2021. And it will take less than 14 days for that to leave his system. So, many people thinking that that is why the Russians are holding onto his body.But as you said earlier, Navalny's wife has said she will continue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NAVALNAYA (through translator): By killing Alexei, Putin killed half of me, half of my heart and half of my soul. But I still have the other half. And it tells me that I have no right to give up.(END VIDEO CLIP)HALL: Inside the U.S. there are bipartisan calls now to make Russia a state sponsor of terrorism. And President Biden also suggested more sanctions earlier today. Though the arguments about funding the war in Ukraine, they still continue. And President Trump has said Navalny's death reminds him of the decline in America.You know, Navalny was considered perhaps the one hope for Russia, the one opportunity to maybe swing the way in which it was going. But now with his death, the fear is that that is not going to happen and Vladimir Putin is fully set on staying in power well in to the 30s, 2030s.MACCALLUM: Ben, just -- I just want to call for one more piece of sound here with you because the reason that Yulia Navalnaya believes that they know what killed him is that they know what was attempted against him last time and that they waited for the drug to wear off.Now, there was a concerted effort by Navalny and his associates to actually find the individuals who poisoned him the first time. And he managed to trick one of these people. He got him on the phone and he tricked him into thinking that he was doing a report for the government, needed the details of the attempt to kill Navalny. And he actually got him to admit to some of what they did.Just listen to the sound bite and we'll get a quick thought from you, Ben, on the other side of this. Go ahead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEXEI NAVALNY, PUTIN OPPOSITION (through translator): What went wrong and what should be done next time to succeed?UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): I've been wondering the same thing myself. I would write the job as well done. We did it just as planned the way we rehearsed it many times.NAVALNY (through translator): So, it seems the dose was underestimated. Why? Our calculations were good. We even applied extra. What happened with his belongings?UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): The last time I saw them, they were in Omsk. We left them there after we worked on them.NAVALNY (through translator): Which article of clothing did you focus on?UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): The underpants. And on the pants, there was a possibility of residue there, so we cleaned them as well so that there would be no traces left.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And they cleaned his body in the hospital. So, there would be no traces left. And of course, his wife, believes, Ben that that process is happening once again, although, this time the dose was right apparently, if that proves to be, proves to be.HALL: Yes, it was amazing investigation that a group called Bellingcat did naturally tracked some of the GRU agents through Russia. And they managed to pinpoint exactly who carried out that attack.Now, Yulia, his wife thinks that she has evidence to prove that the same thing happened again. The reason it went wrong before -- that man on the telephone said to there was that the flight was interrupted, and had that flight length been longer than they knew Navalny would have died. And so, they made certain the sign that his body has not being released, there probably won't be any trace of Novichok in it, because it leaves the body quite quickly.But it is a clear sign from Putin, if you kill them in the same way, as he attempted to last time that nothing will stop him. And he likes to send these messages to his opponents. You look at many of his opponents who have been killed, and they are killed in quite gruesome ways.You know, Prigozhin's plane was shot out of the sky. Three of them are now being killed by chemicals. It is a sign that, you know, not only will you be killed by Putin if you go against him, but it will be painful, and it will sometimes be slow.MACCALLUM: Yes. Yulia is a very courageous woman, and she's vowed to carry on his work. So, she puts herself in a tough position as well. But she is very committed.Ben, thank you very much. Ben Hall reporting.HALL: Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: Good to see you, Ben.So, Trump's real estate empire at risk after this multimillion-dollar ruling. Charles Payne and Trump attorney Alina Habba, coming up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And if this persecution of political opponents continues, no one will want to do business in the United States of America any longer.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: This is still a very hot story today. Former President Trump says that his civil fraud trial will end up costing New York, thousands of jobs as businesses ditch the state. The judge fined him more than $350 million, even though, it's -- under this statute, you don't have to prove that anybody lost one penny with regard to these transactions.They banned him from running companies in New York for three years. The former president continues to insist that he did nothing wrong. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The decision yesterday in New York, you may have read about it. Crooked judge -- crooked judge. He's a crooked judge. By a radical left- wing judge was a lawless and unconstitutional atrocity. It's a sham case. There were no victims, no defaults, no damages, no complaints, no nothing. There was nothing.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So now, some of the properties that he is accused of overvaluing on financial statements could help him ultimately come up with the cash to pay the penalty if it comes to that.Trump attorney, Alina Habba is with us in moments.First, to Charles Payne, host of "MAKING MONEY" on Fox Business. Charles, good to have you here. I just want to actually start with this quick soundbite from Kevin O'Leary. Because, you know, I think, he is singing a tune that others are also singing as well. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: I would never invest in New York now. And I'm not the only person saying that.Do you think any foreign institution or any private equity firm or any pension fund would touch New York? No. And that's why New Yorkers should be concerned.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Charles, what do you think?CHARLES PAYNE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST: No. Well, he's absolutely right. In fact, there was -- there was already a massive problem before this.MACCALLUM: Absolutely.PAYNE: You know, a trillion dollars-worth of business left New York, this just from the financial sector alone. It's in Florida, it's in Dallas, and all of those places, it's a trillion dollars-worth.We wonder the big stories, negative stories in the stock market this year is the re-emergence of the reasonable bank issue. And it's centered on New York Community Bank.So, we're talking again, you want -- you want office buildings built here? We've already got 52 percent capacity, and probably won't go much higher. You know, people who don't have to come to the city to work aren't going to come.Whatever, you know, the lines have been drawn. And then, of course, the crime, the regulations. It's just so tough to do business here. And the writing is on the wall.And just listen, I'm not a lawyer. But I just got a couple of things. Martha, if I'm thinking about investing in New York, a lot of money, let's say into commercial real estate, and I look at what the judge say, he says, well, they did not rob a bank at gunpoint. Donald Trump is not Bernie Madoff, yet the defendants are incapable of admitting the error of their ways. I mean --(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: What does that mean?PAYNE: So, you mean I have to give you $350 million, because I didn't bow down to you?MACCALLUM: Yes, it's all punitive.PAYNE: It's scary stuff.MACCALLUM: It's not documented in, you know, this entity lost this money. These people, you know, were frauded and --(CROSSTALK)PAYNE: On the contrary. Right.MACCALLUM: There is not a single victim, and there doesn't have to be, under this New York statute.PAYNE: A law professor at Syracuse says that the attorney general's job is to protect people who can't protect themselves. He added that we are dealing with very sophisticated lenders who are fully capable of protecting themselves, and you have not asked the attorney general for help.Deutsche Bank made money with Donald Trump, all of these -- all of these businesses, all of these banks make money with Donald Trump. No one lost money.And so, this is obviously a political hit job, when you have an ordinance that's never been used before. They dust off the books and say, hey, let's apply it to Donald Trump in.I just think, you know, even if you're a Democrat and no matter what side of the political aisle you're on, you have to think twice about investing in New York, if it then that is can come bring down your investment.MACCALLUM: Yes. That thing that really jumped out at me when you were saying that about the attorney general was that, you know she is supposed to protect the people of the city. There's a lot of people out there who don't feel like this attorney general is doing enough to protect them, when people are, you know riding around on mopeds and getting yanked around a parking meter just to get their purse.(CROSSTALK)PAYNE: Yes. Yes.MACCALLUM: So, buy Venezuelan gangs, they think. Right?PAYNE: Yes.MACCALLUM: Charles, thank you very much.PAYNE: You got it. Thanks a lot.MACCALLUM: Always good to see you.PAYNE: Thank you.MACCALLUM: So, you know, a lot actually was unleashed in this shocking. Some say it goes all the way to $400 million verdict against the former president last week. All of this is still unfolding as his attorneys plot their appeal. We're going to talk to Trump attorney Alina Habba, next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF NEW YORK: Today, we are holding Donald Trump accountable. We are holding him accountable for lying, cheating, and a lack of contrition, and for flouting the rules that all of us must play by.Because there cannot be different rules for different people in this country. And former presidents are no exception.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, former President Trump's lawyers promising to fight back after the judge's decision in the civil fraud trial. A fine of more than $350 million and a ban of three years on running companies in New York State. The former president says he did nothing wrong. There were no victims. New York's attorney general says that he cheated the system.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES: Today, justice has been served. Today we prove that no one is above the law no matter how rich, powerful or politically connected you are, everyone must play by the same rules.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. Alina Habba joins us, attorney for former President Trump.Alina, good to have you with us. First, your reaction to the attorney general there.ALINA HABBA, ATTORNEY FOR FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'm glad you asked, Martha. Nobody is above the law, I would just like these left wing DAs and AGS to show us that, show us that. I'm inviting you to show me that no one is above the law while we have Hunter Biden, Joe Biden, and all of his friends up in D.C. in the deep state that have not been touched. Show me no one is above the law, Martha, because I'm not seeing that.You know, what I'm seeing in court, in these cases, is that everyone is above the law if they're friends with Ms. James, if they're friends with DA Bragg, and if they're friends with Fannie Willis and Jack Smith. The only person that is not, the only person who did nothing wrong, but will still get persecuted and prosecuted is President Trump because they can't beat him in November. So, I want to use their words against them and invite them to show me how no one is actually above the law. Because there are people that we know have broken laws. And we have not seen the system of justice be used the same for them as they are for President Trump.President Trump did nothing wrong, he's been persecuted. Show me the people that did real crime get persecuted and prosecuted. I want to see that.MACCALLUM: Some of those people are back on the street in about five hours. And a lot of New Yorkers would like to see those people who are not rich or powerful, but who have some power in this city in terms of how safe people feel or don't feel. Let me ask you this, in terms of the 30 day deadline from Judge Engoron to pay this extraordinary fine that that Jonathan Turley calls obscene.HABBA: Yes.MACCALLUM: Is that the case? Does he really have 30 days to pay this fine? And if so, there are some reports that he will sell off almost all, if not all of his New York assets? What can you tell us about that?HABBA: No, I mean, I would never get into anything privileged, but I can tell you what the rules are. And within 30 days, even if we choose to appeal this, which we will, we have to post the bond, which is the full amount and some, and we will be prepared to do that.MACCALLUM: So -- but how much is the bond?HABBA: Well, it's so it's you have to break it up. So there were obviously individual defendants that got fined. There was the company that got fined, but you're looking at roughly let's call it close to $400 million for something that he did nothing wrong.Look, it's no coincidence. And I'll say it, they know by looking at a statement of financial condition that this guy's worth a lot of money, billions and billions of billions of dollars. And that didn't even include his brand, Martha. But what they're trying to do between this case, between my last case is put him out of business. It's not going to work, number one.Number two, what they're doing is a scare tactic. Unfortunately, they picked the wrong guy to pick on, in my opinion, because he's strong, he's resilient, and he happens to have a lot of cash. Now, that doesn't mean that it's right, it doesn't mean it's OK, it's grotesquely insane. I was speaking to somebody today that actually mentioned that there are countries that literally make that in a given year in certain industries, countries in this world, but they would find somebody for what they call understating their statement of financial condition and making Deutsche Bank in Zurich who by the way, they still work with money, but they're going to fine him that kind of thing. It's absolutely insane.No, there will be no mayhem for the Trump Organization. Unfortunately, I know that probably was Ms. James' goal and Judge Engoron, but that is not going to be the case.MACCALLUM: Well, as I said, Jonathan Turley call it obscene. Other people have said -- people have said that it's dangerous verdict in the precedent that it sets and what kind of damage it could do to New York City when other companies will want nothing to do with that kind of politics and judgment. So, we'll see where it goes. Alina, thank you very much.HABBA: Yes.MACCALLUM: Always good to see you.HABBA: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Alina Habba.HABBA: Good to see you.MACCALLUM: Joining us this afternoon -- and here, we want to go back to the border because these are extraordinary scenes that we're getting from Jacumba, California. Our cameras have just captured dozens of migrants funneling down the side of a steep mountain in order to get into the United States. They're in the United States by the time they do that. Bill Melugin and Pete Hegseth, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Back to the border now in California where we have been watching this incredible scene as migrants pour over the mountain behind Bill Melugin to get into this country. And he joins us now from Jacumba, California. Hi, Bill.MELUGIN: Hey, Martha. Well, most of those migrants have made it down the mountain now and are sitting behind us waiting to be processed by border patrol. You can get a look at them right here. They have come in from all over the world. We were talking to a few of them.Let's see if we can talk to some of them live here real quick. See where they're all from.(Foreign Language).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Colombia.MELUGIN: Columbia.Where are you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kazakhstan.MELUGIN: Kazakhstan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kazakhstan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kazakhstan.MELUGIN: Three Kazakhstan here. Brazil, right? Brazil, Brazil, Brazil.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kazakhstan.MELUGIN: Brazil, Brazil, Brazil, Brazil. (Foreign Language) Brazil? Where are you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.MELUGIN: Ecuador. Ecuador right here. Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Brazil.MELUGIN: Brazil, Brazil. Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China? China? Two Chinese here. Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kyrgyzstan.MELUGIN: Kyrgyzstan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kyrgyzstan.MELUGIN: Kyrgyzstan. OK. Where do you guys want to go in the U.S.? What city?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, I don't understand.MELUGIN: No English. OK. No problem.Where are you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Brazil.MELUGIN: Brazil. OK, lots of Brazilians. Where you guys from? Brazil, Brazil, Brazil. OK, so a lot of Brazilians here. Some from Kyrgyzstan, some from China, some from Kazakhstan.Real quick I want to go back down to the Colombians because I know they'll speak Spanish and that's a way I know I can communicate down here. I'm going to ask them why they decided to come over this mountain here, because it was by far the path of most resistance for these migrants.(Foreign Language)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: San Jose, California.MELUGIN: OK. So I asked him where he wants to go in the U.S. He wants to go to San Jose. And I'm going to ask why he came across the mountain.(Foreign Language)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Foreign Language.MELUGIN: He wants to see his --(Foreign Language). I'm saying it's very hard in the mountain. (Foreign Language)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Foreign Language.MELUGIN: Basically she's saying they've been walking for a long time, they're all tired. They told us earlier, they were a little bit confused on where they were walking.So, Border Patrol agents told us they were surprised to see all these folks coming down the mountain as well. There's still more coming. Thomas (ph), if we can pan off to the right real quick to the left of that border patrol vehicle. So Border Patrol is responding here to the left of that truck. You can see more people coming down the mountain right now.There's still actually some sneaking down the mountain, believe it or not, looks like maybe five or six still coming down the hill. And then while all this is going on, we still have a camp of migrants behind us. Predominantly, it looks to be Chinese men who have been watching these, other migrants come down the mountain. You can see some of those other migrants who have been camping out here waiting for Border Patrol to take them into custody. You can see behind them cars passing, that's because that's interstate eight out here in eastern San Diego County, a main thoroughfare.So anybody who's driving on the road right now, if they take a look over to the right, this is what they're going to see is a bunch of migrants lined up on the ground here after crossing illegally, and more coming down the mountain right now. So, Martha, you got a flavor right there. They're coming in from all over the world. A lot of Brazilians, some from the Middle East, some from China. And there is a language barrier.I speak some conversational Spanish. And for the most part, I'm only able to communicate with the folks out here who also speak Spanish and those who speak a little bit of broken English.MACCALLUM: You're doing good job.MELUGIN: But when there's Mandarin or some of these other Middle Eastern countries, there's just a language barrier that Border Patrol has an issue with as well.MACCALLUM: Yes. And I know you've asked this question before, and they're saying that they buy plane tickets and fly in. So the issue of seeking asylum, you know, seems difficult to prove, Bill, to say the least. If you are, you know, flying from one country, flying from Kazakhstan, flying from China into South America, Central America, Mexico, and crossing the border, it's hard to understand how that is a viable path and why people are not turned back except that we don't seem, you know, they pass that recent legislation that might have helped them do that a little bit.MELUGIN: Well, the thing is, most of them will admit to you on camera, they're not actually planning to seek asylum. They say they're here for predominantly two reasons, they want a job, or they want to link up with family already here in the United States. Very few times we ever actually hear that they want to claim asylum.So take a look. Border Patrol is getting ready to move these folks to try to process them out of the area. Again, only to single agents on scene here right now, a lot of people for them to deal with. It looks like they're sending them over into the camp where the other Chinese men -- you hear him yelling basura, that means trash. Essentially saying pick up your trash.There's an NGO out here that has been assisting these migrants giving them beanies, because it's cold, they give them sandwiches, and water. So, Border Patrol is now moving these migrants over into the main camp --MACCALLUM: Yes.MELUGIN: -- where some of the other Chinese migrants had been staying. And some of them are out here for a long time.MACCALLUM: OK.MELUGIN: Sometimes they have to camp out here at night --MACCALLUM: Yes.MELUGIN: -- and it gets very, very cold.MACCALLUM: Bill, thank you very much.Let's bring in "Fox and Friends Weekend" co-host, Pete Hegseth, and Iraq and Afghanistan war veteran and former Clinton advisor and pollster, Mark Penn, CEO of Stagwell.Mark, let me start with you. You know, I mean, what do you think President Biden thinks when he sees these images on T.V., people just pouring into the country. And as Bill just told us, they're not even making an asylum argument at all. They're just walking in and going to stay?MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I don't know what he think, but it's pretty clear that the American public thinks that it's wrong, and that something's got to be done with it. After all, it's become the number one issue in the country. I haven't seen the number one issue not be the economy since maybe the 1980s when it was crime.MACCALLUM: Yes.PENN: And so, I think the public now sees this is very serious. I think it's seen across the board. And I think people want action and I think it's a critical election issue now.MACCALLUM: Do you think the President, Mark, just staying with you for a second, will ever do a sit down interview where he might get asked some real questions about how he feels about this?PENN: Well, again, I'm not going to -- I'm not going to --MACCALLUM: That's funny?PENN: -- not President. I don't know how you're going to run a presidential campaign without getting those questions and without answering them. So, that's what this campaign is going to be about. He's going to have to answer it. I think he knows it.I think he's changed his position recently on the border to say that he wants movement on the border. And you know, they have pretty good -- pretty well turned it on the Republicans in Congress, who seemed pretty flat footed.MACCALLUM: Pete, what do you think? Welcome.PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: They haven't turned to anything on Congress, Mark. That's a nice D.C. beltway talking point. They live in a world where they think they can flip it.Here's the problem, Joe -- you may not know what Joe thinks. Joe doesn't know what Joe thinks, Joe thinks that because they can play cute on a bill in Washington, they can make it look like they wanted to secure the border. Bill Melugin earlier in the show, Martha, (inaudible) at Eagle Pass used to be three to 4,000 a day. Well, policies have consequences.And Texas said no more, no moss. And now it's 30 to 40 a day because they said we're going to create a deterrent. Which means if you actually want to stem the flow, you can, and nothing about this administration from day one has been about turning people back. And here's the scary part Mark, and this will be pinned on the chest of Joe Biden, all these military aged men from China, China, China doesn't know they're leaving the biggest authoritarian state in the world, military age men coming by the 1000s and 10s of 1000s not seeking asylum. No one's seeking asylum, either a better life or some other reason.This is playing roulette with our country. Kazakhstan, Brazil, all the countries that we just named, this is something the administration could do something about. And they want to play cute games in Washington, D.C., but it's the Republicans, when everybody knows with H.R.2 and Donald Trump and everything else, they have been and they're prepared to secure the border. Biden doesn't want to, and our country is paying as a result.MACCALLUM: So, Pete, why don't they just pass H.R.2 and then bring H.R.2 over to the Senate? Because, you know, one of the things that that is difficult to understand here is why Republicans wouldn't do whatever it takes, given the security, the national security threat that you're talking about.HEGSETH: They're not going to do it, Martha, I mean, Democrats in the Senate won't pass that because they still have Trump derangement syndrome, Orange man bad can't do the policies that he did because we said we were against all of that, we would tear the wall down, it was inhumane, what's going on, all of that has to stop. They can't go for H.R.2 because that's admitting that it work.MACCALLUM: So, everyone has to wait for another 10 monthly --HEGSETH: Which means we're scrambling for something else.MACCALLUM: Mark, I guess everyone has to wait another 10 months and risk national security threats coming across the southern border? And who's going to be blamed for that come election time, Mark?PENN: Well, look, there's going to be a State of the Union pretty soon. There could be some new executive orders coming out. Look, I think the President is going to blame Congress for being deadlocked, the Republicans being divided, the House not going along with the Senate. But at the end of the day, where I think everybody agrees there has to be action, the current situation can't be sustained.And I think you're going to see the president move one way or the other. I don't believe this issue is going to sit there the way it is.MACCALLUM: You may be right. I don't know if that's too late. I mean, this is the number one thing that comes up with everyone I talk to, what is Joe Biden -- what does he think about this? And why is he never asked, you know, in a way that he actually has to answer. And I don't think he can get away with 10 months of COVID style campaigning on this issue, because people want to know, and maybe we're going to hear something in the State of the Union.Bret and I will be covering that the first week in March. But there's a lot of people who are Democrats who are noticing this and there are prominent media personalities who are pushing on this as well. Let's play this from Charlamagne tha God about the current president watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLAMAGNE THE GOD, "THE BREAKFAST CLUB" CO-HOST: This is an uninspiring candidate. Like, you know, there's nothing about, you know, Joe Biden that makes you want to listen to him. He has no main character energy at all. None.I don't think it has anything to do with age. You know, I think it has just everything to do with him. Like Donald Trump is, what, four years, three years younger than President Biden, but he just comes off a lot more youthful, he comes off, you know, like he has a lot more energy.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Pete, does this -- does any of this signal that there's a shift that is being pressured on the Biden ticket?HEGSETH: Maybe I mean, that's just honest, that's just looking with two eyes and assessing the reality that it's -- the most famous man on earth being impugned by everybody versus a guy who can't string a sentence together, and has been enacting policies that people don't like, from international chaos, to inflation, to crime, and to the border that we've talked about. So Mark talks about a reset at the State of the Union. So we got an AD, you know, octogenarian reset on policies three and a half years in, I don't think people are buying that. By the way, five days after this reset, Hur is going to be testifying on Capitol Hill about his assessment that Joe Biden couldn't remember when he was vice president. So you can't run from this. You either have to take it on or make a switch, and I don't know if they will.MACCALLUM: We will see. We'll see what happens. Mark Penn, thank you very much. Always good to have you here. Pete Hegseth --HEGSETH: Thank you.PENN: Yes.MACCALLUM: -- great to see you today. Thank you very much for being here as well.All right. Now for something a little different, folks, big battle going on here in New York. Did you know that Americans eat 288 slices per person per year? But -- that's a lot. That's a lot, right?Pizzas personal, and wait till you see the showdown between Detroit and New York City. Who better to do that than Kat Timpf, Michigan, and Jessica Tarlov, born and raised in New York, we're going to have a taste test. Stick around.(SINGING)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right. Dave Portnoy at Barstool made pizza competition a national art. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID PORTNOY, "BARSTOOL" FOUNDER: Yes, it was Detroit. Look, to me it's lighter and fluffier within a system (ph). That's how, people, like cheese this, sauce this. No, lighter, fluffier.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Lighter, fluffier. Now in New York, there's a piece this morning and the New York Post, which is the, you know, local paper of record, people read across the country, of course, but there's this battle going on because there are some Detroit pizza owners who are trying to make inroads against the typical New York pizza, which is pretty, fairly thin, and light and delicious. So one restaurant owner telling the New York Post that Detroit style pizza is, quote, "very marketable. It's a very pretty pizza," he says. But not all New Yorkers agree, asking, who wants to bite down on a big pile of dough?To help settle this Detroit born Kat Timpf, co-host of "Gutfeld" and New York native, Jessica Tarlov, co-host of "The Five."So, Kat, does this look like Detroit pizza to you?KAT TIMPF, "GUTFELD" CO-HOST: It does. Yes.MACCALLUM: First of all?TIMPF: Except, I'm not sure what this is, this sauce is. But in Detroit --MACCALLUM: Yes, what is that?TIMPF: -- we -- I was -- we -- everyone eats pizza with ranch. You know, it's like you get --MACCALLUM: Oh, maybe that's ranch dressing.TIMPF: Is that ranch?MACCALLUM: Put some on and let's see.TIMPF: I might -- we'll see. But who wants the answer to who wants to bite into dough? I do. I do. It's so delicious. And it's, you know, it's messy to eat New York pizza.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Full of mozzarella.TIMPF: This is -- yes, the slicks like mozzarella. I like -- we -- I had Jet's this weekend, Jet's Detroit pizza.MACCALLUM: Yes.TIMPF: And you get the sides of ranch and you dip it in the ranch. My sister was over, we're eating the ranch. And Ken (ph) was like, you guys are so Midwestern.MACCALLUM: Yes.TIMPF: And we're like, well, yes. Yes, that is where --JESSICA TARLOV, "THE FIVE" CO-HOST: (Inaudible) true.TIMPF: Did you just figure that out? Yes, I think.MACCALLUM: But we were talking about this 288 slices per person number, which we're throwing some serious --TARLOV: Yes.MACCALLUM: -- question marks up about. I'm not sure how that's even possible that the average number is 288. How many pieces slices of pizza do you think you eat, like, in an average week?TIMPF: In a week, I would say probably two or three --MACCALLUM: Yes.TIMPF: -- in an average week. So I don't know where they're getting that number from.TARLOV: I think that's about right. I have a toddler that eats a ton of pizza. You know, she's like, only eats macaroni and cheese, chicken fingers --MACCALLUM: Yes.TARLOV: -- and pizza. So there's a lot of pizza around. But my problem with the Detroit pizza, delicious, but you can eat as much of it. Like, you know what the New York slice you feel like you can take two bites of this piece and then two bites of that piece. But these are as heavy.MACCALLUM: Totally. No, this is not -- you can eat like -- I can definitely eat two slices of regular New York Pizza easily. Right? And maybe even two and a half. Like if I'm really hungry. But this is very thick. And this is going to be like maybe one and a half pieces. See, and they're small. I mean --TIMPF: If I'm being honest with myself, all I ever really want to eat is bread. So, I feel like this is a way --TARLOV: I know.TIMPF: that makes you feel that you're eating something else. And right, even though you're really kind of you -- as you can see, you're kind of not.TARLOV: Cheesy bread.TIMPF: Yes.MACCALLUM: Yes.TARLOV: Yes.TIMPF: Especially to if the chees is the best partMACCALLUM: Do you like -- looks better than your pizza dough?TARLOV: I don't.MACCALLUM: Jessica, you don't.TARLOV: But I enjoy doing it. And it feels like an occasion. So this comes from this place Emmy Squared, which is a huge deal here. They started in Brooklyn, and now they're all over Manhattan as well. And they do delicious pizzas, like there's a hot honey one that I love.But it also feels like you need like a salad and have great waffle fries and --MACCALLUM: Right.TARLOV: -- it turns into less about the pizza and more about the holistic meal.MACCALLUM: The only thing that shocked me is that the average pizza is now $33 in New York. It used to be like you'd get a pizza for $17.TARLOV: Yes. Under 20.MACCALLUM: Like you could feed everybody for $17. So these two New York brothers, Jojo and Nicky Scarlotta, are calling out inflation, and they're talking about the exorbitant price of rollatini. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CARLEY SHIMKUS, "FOX & FRIENDS FIRST" CO-HOST: It does feel like things are getting more and more expensive as the weeks and months go on, right?NICKY SCARLOTTA, CONTENT CREATOR: Oh, yes.JOJO SCARLOTTA, CONTENT CREATOR: It's unreal. It's unreal. And we've been a product of our environment. Our uncle Tony (ph) and our dad's been complaining about pastrami, turkey gobbling up $1 from 899 1099 a pound. And we've seen it. We've all seen it firsthand.N. SCARLOTTA: Twenty-eight dollars for rollatini? That should be a crime. And it's --(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: First of all, Jessica, explain for anyone who doesn't know -- what you know what rollatini is?TARLOV: No, really.MACCALLUM: No, she doesn't. Kat, you know?TIMPF: Um-mm.MACCALLUM: Rollatini -- OK. So--TARLOV: I'm Polish.TIMPF: It's too expensive. I don't know what it is.MACCALLUM: Polish.TARLOV: No, no, no. I'm Polish.MACCALLUM: I know I'm not like that. I'm out of time. I know this is going to come as a big shock to everyone. It's like eggplant.TIMPF: Oh, yes.MACCALLUM: And rub (ph) the eggplant and then you roll it up with mozzarella, which is what we think came in that.TIMPF: Yes.MACCALLUM: And then you put like cheese and tomato sauce on top of it, but it probably costs about 45 cents to me.TIMPF: Right.MACCALLUM: Right?TIMPF: It's out of control. I went to go get coffee and just like prepackaged breakfast sandwiches with my husband, two coffees, we -- over $60. I looked at the receipt and I assumed it was the wrong receipt, but it wasn't. It's just -- it was like some random coffee shop not Starbucks or anything like that. And I don't know. I mean, I live here because I have to, but I don't know how people who don't have to --MACCALLUM: No, it's insane. I know. I went to a coffee shop the other day and I got a cup of coffee. And I just looked in the case and the doughnuts that were like this big it said $5.TIMPF: Yes. Yes.MACCALLUM: Five dollars for donut.All right, we got to go. But we're going to eat some pizza. But we like Detroit. It's what I'm taking.TIMPF: I love it.TARLOV: We like it, but I don't prefer.MACCALLUM: We're not giving up New York.TARLOV: Yes, no.MACCALLUM: But it's like a nice little sidebar. And I --TARLOV: It's an occasion. Happy to be here for it.MACCALLUM: It's an occasion. Thanks you guys. Great to see you Kat and Jess.So that's The Story for this Monday, February the 19th. The Story goes on. We will look forward to seeing you back here tomorrow at 03:00.Thanks for being with us today everybody. Have a nice evening. "Your World" starts right now.