SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Foxnews.com Hannity.com. And of course, we appreciate you making the show possible. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Of course, Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Guys, stop it. Oh, yeah. Happy Monday, everybody. All right. Yeah, ooh, the power. So America's least popular reality show is still going strong. Yes, I'm talking about 'The Bachelor Southern Border.' Millions of illegal, most of whom seem to be healthy young men are walking away from all the other gals in the world to cozy up to the world's most eligible bachelorette. That sexy lady in the long flowing gown. Yeah, the Statue of Liberty. Or as I like to call her, a six. I mean, come on. We could have done better. So many hotter immigrants.Still, a migrant traveling from Venezuela will literally walk through six other countries before hitting the Texas border. How do they do that? I go five blocks and I'm exhausted so is my driver. Now if you're so desperate that you have to flee your nation on foot without a visa or even a passport. Aren't you desperate enough not to be choosy? Wouldn't you be satisfied with the first reasonable option? Not everyone gets to marry the prom queen. I mean, I was dumped by mine. Because she was too much into cheerleading practice and getting good grades. That and I was 48.Oh, but why come here when there are so many places before us with people who speak the language and have better food? Well, it's simple. roughly six seconds after his saggy dented ass hit the oval office chair, Joe threw out a welcome mat that stretched from Washington to Tierra del Fuego. He may as well put up signs in Mexico saying 'don't stop in a few miles, you'll get free meals and sex changes if you murder someone.' I know. On top of that, the UN just presented a plan giving $1.6 billion to 17 Latin American countries partially in the form of prepaid debit cards for migrants.Now the UN gets 20 percent of its budget from us. So we're actually paying the migrants to come here. And what -- I know. And what do you know, suddenly, the U.S. had roughly 10 million new contestants that decided we're the one. Which is why it's about time to replace the Statue of Liberty's torch with a can of pepper spray. Metaphorically, it's an analogy. Not literally, I don't think they make them that big. Because the White House has turned the Statue of Liberty into a $10 waterfront hooker.No surprise, takes progressivism to its inevitable endpoint. You don't get paradise you get chaos. No person is illegal. Everyone is welcome. That sounds great in my hot tub until the entire nation of Bolivia shows up. And it sounds great. So what's the damage? Well, we got a tug of war over razor wire, an event verging on a constitutional crisis. There's also the well- deserved impeachment hearings for DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, who looks like a cross between James Carville and a Kaiser roll. Mayorkas is a border czar only a cartel could love. So go ahead impeach away. But let's not get distracted.The administration has painted themselves into a corner, which is why they're now changing the rules. Suddenly, we're being told we must negotiate, that were close to achieving bipartisan legislation. Bipartisan. Makes you wonder who they're trying to buy? After all, why the hell do we have to negotiate a border? Wasn't that part of the original deal? The truth is, we don't need legislation. It's not that hard.See, when the great orange wall known as Trump came into office, he instituted the policy called 'remain in Mexico', which by the way is exactly the same thing I told Menudo. Yeah. And he did. But it was just that an executive order a policy issued by the president all it took was a pen and a phone. Two things that Biden confuses all the time, which is why he has ink all over his face.So like most brilliant ideas, 'remain in Mexico' was simple and it worked. All it meant was that migrants traveling through Mexico to claim asylum here had to wait in Mexico for their cases to be heard in a U.S. court. Now since progressives threw up every barrier to deportation, they could think of that could take three years. So three years waiting around, but now on the Mexican side of the border, phony asylum claims would plummet when instead of a luxury hotel they get a Motel Six. No longer can you dream of trimming Nancy Pelosi's hedges or screwing Arnold Schwarzenegger. He's fun.And so as expected 10 cities began to spring up down there Mexico started looking as bad as downtown Seattle. And so quickly Mexico started enforcing its own southern border to keep migrants out. Imagine that 'remain in Mexico' was such a good idea, it created two different southern borders. But since it's good idea was Trump's, it had to be undone. Which is like refusing to cash in a winning lottery ticket because you don't like the cashier's tie. The Left hates Trump so much, they'd come out against banging supermodels. Thank you.I think that deserves applause. So it's hard to see why the Republicans consider this suppose it bipartisan border bill as dead on arrival as Joe himself. It should never have been alive to begin with. And to the horror of the media, Republicans aren't falling for it. Which is why nutcases like Morning Joe now accuse Republicans and Trump of murder.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: People as Mitt Romney said are suffering right now. Fentanyl flooding across the border, illegal immigrants streaming across the border. Democrats and Republicans in the Senate, know how to stop it. And House Republicans and Donald Trump won't do it. It is immoral.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: All right, all right, control yourselves. That's what I'm here for, to call them dip (BEEP). I'll take it. What's immoral is you, gas bags, is your phony display of outrage now after three years of this crap. Either those two are stupid or they're playing stupid. But they're not smart enough to pretend to be this dumb.JIMMY FAILLA, 'FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT' HOST: That's deep.GUTFELD: It is deep. Thankfully, unlike those bozos, we're not falling for it. The point is, 'remain in Mexico' still works. And just as easily as Trump did it and Biden undid it. Biden can redo it. I mean, it's not like we're asking him to tie his shoes or acknowledge his own grandkid. No negotiations, no legislation. We don't need to spend more millions on the border. That's (BEEP). Hell, if you need money. Take what you made from selling off the border wall and buy yourself a nice new pen and practice signing your name, if you can remember it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. She played with the press like it was 3d Chess. Co-host of Outnumbered, Kayleigh McEnany. You might recognize him as the guy who brought your luggage up to your room. Host on Fox News Saturday night and author of 'Canceled Culture Dictionary.' Available in stores tomorrow, Jimmy Failla.And he's so hot, his wife has to wear oven mitts Chef and restaurateur Andrew Gruel. And like the Lions, she's from Detroit and not going to the Super Bowl. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. Kayleigh, welcome to this show.KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you.GUTFELD: You know what I the Dems really screwed up here. If they had actually created a real bill with solutions, then if the -- if Trump or the Republicans didn't act, you could say you don't want to solve this problem. But they actually introduced a bill that was just a crap sandwich and everybody knows it. It's actually codifying illegal immigration, it's saying come on in, that was their solution. They totally blew it. What say you, McEnany?MCENANY: Well, first, I will say I forgot my diligently researched notes so this could be a while. But Jimmy said I can use his. Thank you. But look, the talking points here and that's what they have. It's all they have is talking points are delusion, right. So Mayorkas begins by saying, I've got operational control, oh, wait operational control with 6 million people coming, more than the population of 33 different states. So then Biden's like, let's think again. Oh, it's been this way for 10 years except you look at the graph and it goes like this.And then 2021 (BEEP) illegal encounters. So bad talking point, then let's blame the Republicans. But wait, you controlled Congress for two years. You had unilateral control. This self-delusion, I haven't seen this level of self-delusion among a politician since Hillary Clinton blamed her election loss on the DNC, misogyny, women being controlled by men, Bernie Sanders, and the list goes on.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know, I hate to see what she's like with notes. Oh, my god. And I have to say watching your hand go up like that made me think of a commercial that comes on at night.MCENANY: Goodness.GUTFELD: Jimmy, tomorrow your book comes out. He wrote a nice little note. Can you like close in on that at all? This is a grown man. A grown man who dots his eyes with circles.FAILLA: Does he ever.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Your handwriting is a lot more feminine than mine.FAILLA: It is?TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: I mean, this is very creepy. Do you write -- do you --FAILLA: Listen --GUTFELD: Do you write ransom notes like this to -- to grieving parents?FAILLA: I'm just glad you kept my intimate note between us.GUTFELD: There was -- I read it first. There was nothing in there bad.FAILLA: No, it was fun. It was absolutely fun. On some level, I think you regret my book or you resent it because it's taller than you. You know that. One shot. I love you. I would not have a book were it not for you. Let's have --GUTFELD: I do have an immigration question, Jimmy. Do you think the best way to deter migrants from crossing the border is just have you perform stand up there?FAILLA: As a self-deprecating guy, I would say yes. But judging by the ratings for my new Saturday Night Show, I'd have to say no. I'd have to no. Hey, girl. Let's reverse engineer this monologue because it really was brilliant. First of all, I really, I'd love to agree with every word of it. Joe Scarborough should stick to doing what he does best, which is his pillow. Let's be honest. If you look at him and Mika, that couple is not banging. You can be that insufferably stupid to go on TV and not see through what Biden is doingDo you remember the movie Backdraft? That's what they're doing at the border. They set the fire and now they're trying to claim responsibility for putting it out. Except the bill doesn't extinguish the fire, You don't need a bill for 'remain in Mexico,' as you said because it was rescinded with a pen. So obviously this is a scam. But on some level, I do feel bad for the migrants getting dropped off at New York because they get off the bus look around and think they got deported already. Do you know what I mean. They're likeGUTFELD: Yeah. I didn't come here to see these people.FAILLA: Like --GUTFELD: You have to leave.FAILLA: A quick flight to Honduras. Oh, my goodness.GUTFELD: It's so true. We -- we actually created the whole -- we recreated the whole situation.FAILLA: Yeah. One more note. That's kind of off -- off message but it's because of your monologue and I love the joke. When Arnold Schwarzenegger - - because you joked about migrants being able to bang Arnold Schwarzenegger.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: This is serious when Arnold banged the maid, who gets the towel afterwards? I genuinely want to know because in theory the guy should get it but she's the maid. I don't know.GUTFELD: These are questions that need to be never addressed again. Andrew, what do you think -- where is his head? Good to see you as always.ANDREW GRUEL, CHEF: Thank you. Thank you. That's going to be a tough there. The tension there and this is a tough one to follow. I mean, there's as much tension as like Lindsey Graham watching late night war movies with his pants off so. That's a lot. That's a lot. But you hit the nail on the head in the monologue is -- is that when they came in their entire platform and policy was anything Trump had to do with, we've got to destroy it, right. So the economy, let's destroy it. World peace, let's destroy it. The border, let's destroy the success that he obviously had right there.But I think it goes even deeper. It's petty or it's more superficial. This goes all the way back to Cinco de Mayo when Trump took the picture with his taco bowl, right. So, this -- this is about destroying Tex-Mex cuisine.GUTFELD: Right.GRUEL: That's what it's about. So if they can flood Texas with authentic Mexicans, well, bye-bye, Tex-Mex.GUTFELD: Do you -- what's your feeling on Tex-Mex as a chef?GRUEL: Uh-huh. Oh --GUTFELD: You hate it?GRUEL: I hate it.GUTFELD: Really?GRUEL: I just lost. I'll never be able to run for political office.GUTFELD: What's the worst part of it, the Mex or the Tex. It's --GRUEL: It's the cumin.GUTFELD: Oh, it's the cumin.GRUEL: Cumin. And I don't want to call it the other thing.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know what? I'm for cumin rights.GRUEL: OK.GUTFELD: So. I don't know why I said that. Perhaps because given that point that they do everything Trump does in reverse, shouldn't Trump for a month solve this problem by embracing open borders just so the Dems would shut down the border.TIMPF: Well -- so Joe Scarborough actually did say something that was correct. He was like, Donald Trump won't do anything about it. Is he not aware that he's not in political office of any kind right now?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I didn't understand that at all.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: It's -- it's the whole conversation so dumb, and then they impeach Mayorkas. It may work and Democrats are like, well, this is just a political move. It drives me nuts when politicians accuse each other and playing politics.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Like, that's not what they're all doing here. Yeah, it was crazy. Because what he was saying -- what just Joe Scarborough was saying they're complaining about the way the border is, it was completely opposite of what we've been hearing for years and years and years, which is again, why I'm not surprised that, you know, there's not a lot of hope for this bill. Because it's just a lot of the (MUTTERING) and nothing ever gets off.It's been since the 90s that there's been any kind of overhaul in our immigration system. It's a very different world now. I'm no longer a child, for example. And there needs to be changes or this problem is going to continue, but I'm unfortunately especially after The Lions loss yesterday, more hopeless than ever.GUTFELD: Yeah. Perhaps The Lions should beTIMPF: My first, no, my first week as a football fan didn't go well.MCENANY: At least Taylor won. We have that.GUTFELD: Oh, yes.TIMPF: Oh, really? No, that's OK. She won. Do you not think it's possible that it's rigged?MCENANY: No.TIMPF: I'm being serious.MCENANY: No.TIMPF: Do you not think it's possible? Do you know how much money because people are watching football now? The simulation needs them to win and they'll kiss and they can fatty and oh, Taylor. Oh, come on. -- I'm saying it's quite possible. We live in a simulation.FAILLA: That's possible. Hold on. Let's give Taylor applaud for one thing though. She got liberals to admit it's OK to like white people again. That's progress. It's been a while for us whities. It's been a while.GUTFELD: All I say is, Taylor stopped the steal. I guess it doesn't work because she won right.FAILLA: I knew it.GUTFELD: I don't know. I don't watch any football. Up next; words have them stumped so they blame it on Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They're not even trying anymore.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: They're not even trying anymore. They blocked de-banking as their ratings keep tanking. I speak of the dopes at SNL who were being called out for suggesting the term de bank was made up by former President Trump. Now I know you didn't see it. Because up until now, no one had. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump did have a slight stumble this week while talking about banks and he introduced an interesting new term called de-bank.DONALD TRUMP, 45TH U.S. PRESIDENT: We're also going to play strong protections to stop banks and regulators from trying to de-bank you. They want to de-bank you and we're going to de-bank.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know what the hell de-bank means. He might have to take de-ambulance to see de-doctor.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: They need to work on their de-livery. Their writers, oh, their writers should be de-moted. So this is what happens when you have a punch line that can only work if you assume everyone is as dumb and lazy as you are. You know, it's like joking about how David Bowie hasn't had a hit in a while.A quick Google search and they would have learned de-banking is a real term. It's when a bank closes accounts, who they perceive to be a financial legal or reputational risk to the bank. You know, that kind of thing that never happens to Libs so why should they bother knowing what it is? And so the joke wasn't just de-stupid, it was debunked. Meanwhile, Snopes, the left leaning fact check site also got called out for their lack of basic research.During a photo op President Biden was seen wearing a construction hard hat backward with a strap and tightening knot clearly visible on the forehead. Might as well just wear a t shirt that says 'attention, I'm senile.' Snopes -- Snopes initial fact check was that he had it on forward because that's the way the brim was facing. Turns out they know less about hard work than Megan Markel. Yeah.And never mind the fact that absolutely no one else there on planet Earth was wearing their hat the same way. But tons of people pointed out that it doesn't matter which way the brim is facing, the tightening strap always goes to the back. And one even brought up the village people knows that, right. That guy was always erecting something. Snopes reverse their ruling. He did have it on backward to match the direction he's taking the country.Oh. Now what are these stories have in common? Well, both entities SNL and Snopes don't even have to try. SNL assume no one will bother to care or check that de-bank is real since it plagues people outside their bubble and the bias fact checking site assumed no one would notice. Just like how they don't notice that the current president doesn't even know who the current president is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Donald Trump. Did you see what he recently said about the West? He wants to see the economy crash this year, a sitting president.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I know. Not only does he see dead people, he sees the future. Jimmy, my theory for SNL was that it was a sunk cost of a joke.FAILLA: Yeah.GUTFELD: Like the person wrote it and then they realized it was a real word, but they had already written the joke. It was like, that's a lot of work.FAILLA: This is why you know; you're not supposed to fall in love with jokes. We know this.GUTFELD: Well, that's my wife.FAILLA: Hey, girl. That was funny. If you have -- apparently, I liked it more than the rest of the people. I thought it was funny. I loved them.GUTFELD: They were on my side on that joke. You're not a joke.FAILLA: That's funny. But that is the problem with SNL. And then a lot of ways like they're failing the country right now, I do mean this. Because SNL was an autonomous zone. It was a place people could go to have common culture and put our differences aside. But now you can't tune into it without feeling like you're getting a partisan lecture from an instructor who didn't pass his history exam.You know what I mean. And that's the problem, which is why I would say to a lot of people frustrated with SNL. You don't know this, but Fox News just launched the new Saturday Night Comedy show. It's weird. But who cares? And if one of you were to watch, it would double our ratings. So it's absurd, OK.And I love the fact that this happened at the same time Snopes got called out because you can see what they're already trying to do. They're trying to carry the Biden brand. And it's only January, dude. OK, if this is what they're doing in January, by like, October, they're going to have deep fakes of Trump punching a baby. You know what I mean. Which is unfortunate, because if they waited till November, he'll probably punch a baby. You know what I mean.I just love Snopes getting fact checked, because they're a fact checking site. So that's like a cop car getting pulled over for DUI.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: It's kind of funny.GUTFELD: Kat, what are your thoughts on this?TIMPF I just don't know why would Snopes like care that much about people not thinking that it was backwards? So what if it was backwards?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Does he not seem like maybe he was doing as a bit? You know, he's like, gone backwards, man. You know, not -- not really like my thing. But maybe, maybe the people loved it. You know, it's like, of all the things if you're going to make -- I mean, I don't know what credibility they have left, because they've done this kind of thing before. But why will your credibility on the line to be like, no, that was on facing the front? I don't understand it at all.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Why?GUTFELD: That's a weird mountain to die on.TIMPF: Exactly. Like, so what it was back. Like, of course, it's backwards. Like, look, he's standing up on his own. He's doing fine, right.GUTFELD: Yeah. Andrew, as a chef, what if somebody changed the recipe because it sounded cool but it tasted awful? That's kind of the same way. It's like, I'm not going to check because it sounds cool or it looks nice.GRUEL: Yeah, then they would get fired in my kitchen. And then I would continue using the same recipe that they created. Just so you know, to the harder part of the helmet is in the back. And he has a soft spot like a child, like a baby in the front of his head. So I think that's what it's for. But you know what? It's funny. I stopped watching Saturday Night Live a long time ago.But this is scary for the people who work on Saturday Night Live, because what they've done now is they've realized is that you need no content. It's just anti-Trump content, right? And anybody can pitch that so why pay these guys millions of dollars a year. So like me with my kids, I always try and test out new jokes with the kids and they never laugh. So I just hit my head up against the wall, right. I hit myself in the face with something and they always laugh. Hurting myself, they always laugh. SNL is hurting themselves by doing this. You see this is deep?GUTFELD: That was deep. That was deep. All right, Kayleigh, last word to you. Snopes or SNL or both?MCENANY: I'll take both but I just want to start by, Jimmy, I'm not taking your notes anymore. The jokes were X rated. So, no. Left those notes behind. So, you look, Snopes, OK, the fact checkers. These people are ridiculous. They hide, they go into hibernation. The Washington Post fact checker, Glenn Kessler. Dems do all these crazy things. He's in hibernation, but they come out to fact check people like me or like you.The borders not open. OK, go look at the images we show you each and every day. The border actually is open. But Snopes and credit to them, how far reaching they say the guy next to him who actually works in this industry was wearing his hard hat backwards.GUTFELD: Yes.MCENANY: And Biden in fairness to him he has a problem with straps, right. He's got the strap here, remember with the CPAP machine, the straps? So I mean, give the guy a break, I guess.GUTFELD: Yeah. All right. Up next, when will trump make the leap and announce his Veep?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: When will Trump make a peep about his choice for Veep? As Donald sails toward the GOP nomination there's growing speculation who could be his number two, which is very different than Biden's handlers discussing his number twos.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Oh, that's too easy! As "The New York Post" reported over the weekend, Trump's team had reached out to RFK Jr. early on about serving as V.P. They, quote, "wouldn't write it off." Well, it certainly would prove true the old saying, politics makes for strange bedfellows, something I remembered whenever I woke up next to Bea Arthur.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: RIP.But despite that report, a top Trump aide said it's 100 percent fake news. No one from the campaign ever approached RFK Jr. or ever will. And it would also require RFK to switch affiliation again as he's already been a Democrat, an independent, and a member of Planet Fitness.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So like a Jerry Nadler's penis when he looks down, the V.P. choice remains to be seen.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Sorry, I apologize.Of course, there are other candidates on the short list, like Vivek, who's been seen on campaign stops with Trump after dropping out of the race. But for all we know, though, Trump's actual choice for V.P. could be hiding in Vivek's hair.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem, she's got the looks of Marie Osmond and, as a wartime leader, she kept the peace between South and North Dakota.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: There's also J.D. Vance, Tulsi Gabbard, Elise Stefanik. But who else could he pick? Are there any others out there that would be worth mentioning? How about Ted Nugent?(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes, Antifa definitely won't attack the White House. Abe Lincoln, even his present condition, he'll run circles around Kamala.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Barbie, she has got more brains in her heads then Kamala and less plastic in her face than Pelosi.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: And of course, Brian Kilmeade. That guarantees no one will ever want to take out Trump.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: What does that mean, the moaning?All right, Andrew, who would you like to see as V.P.? Have you thought about it?GRUEL: I mean, already considering that Biden effectively has Taylor Swift as his V.P., Trump has to go outside the realm of reality here. He's got to do Sexyy Red, maybe, or like 50 Cent, because that's what a dollar is worth now in this economy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It is interesting how people in the hip-hop world are moving toward Trump. Trump doesn't have to do anything, just be himself, and the world comes to him.Kat, the one thing I liked about RFK was that he never blamed the voters for their preferences. He genuinely seemed to understand Trump voters or be interested in how they felt.TIMPF: Yes, and the fact that he's not a Republican I don't think really would make that much of a difference.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Trump isn't a Republican by the standard of what a Republican was before Trump entered politics.GUTFELD: True.TIMPF: He completely changed everything. So I don't think that really makes any difference. I'm now already thinking about a Trump-Sexyy Red ticket. I think we're the only people who know who she is, so I'm sorry that you guys don't get it, because that was really, really funny. But I don't think it's going be Mike Pence.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I know who Sexyy Red is! I know who Sexyy Red is! I love the gum.GRUEL: Good for you.GUTFELD: Thank you.Kayleigh, does it matter who he picks? It's just Trump.MCENANY: It does matter who he picks. First, credit where credit is due to RFK Jr. He's polling as a third-party candidate 15.8 percent of the vote. That's an enormous accomplishment. But I think it's safe to say if the Republican National Committee has an opposition research page against you as they do with RFK, probably won't be the V.P. selection.However, Trump has to make up for the antics of the deep state. Russia collusion, Hunter Biden laptop, misinformation. We don't know what they have planned, so we need someone who can bring in independents. I'm just going to throw a name out there, someone like Glenn Youngkin, who Trump is only behind in his state by three, and he's up 24.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That's not bad. Would they get along? I always think about, whoever he picks, they have to get along.MCENANY: I think so. But Glenn Youngkin can do it. Biden is down 17 in the state, Glenn Youngkin is up 24. Bring on that guy.GUTFELD: I like -- Scott Adams brings up Vivek, and it's because he believes it's a perfect complement to Trump in the sense that Vivek explains Trump better than Trump does.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: He's like Robin to Trump's batman.FAILLA: That's really funny. But it's true, in a lot of ways Trump's surrogates are more on message to him.GUTFELD: Yes. It wasn't always like that.FAILLA: No. I was going to joke -- and this is a joke -- and say it could be Kanye, for real.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: But he's made so many antisemitic comments he is now president of Harvard.(APPLAUSE)FAILLA: I was halfway to a joke, and I'm like, he's got a job.Listen, if you want theories, in the era of identity politics, I think he does need a woman of color. I would say Elizabeth Warren.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I saw that coming.FAILLA: Good for you.GUTFELD: Like a frisbee in the desert when you said woman of color.FAILLA: We owe them one. But I think it's substantial. But what's important, it doesn't matter who he puts on the ticket. I think to prove a point he should almost consider a centrist Democrat.GUTFELD: Joe Manchin?FAILLA: No, I'm not even kidding. He would kill us for saying this, but our mutual friend Harold Ford Jr.GUTFELD: I'd love that.FAILLA: Just to get him off THE FIVE, though.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: How dare you!FAILLA: I'm kidding.GUTFELD: I love Harold.FAILLA: But I like it for the country because I like --GUTFELD: Harold Ford would be a great president.FAILLA: He'd be phenomenal.GUTFELD: I believe that. I would actually work for him.FAILLA: Me, too. And I would laugh every day because the Democrats would call him racist Hitler. He's this white supremacist. Good old Howard.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So true. Up next, is it funny when a millionaire begs for money?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Is this a big deal?(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Is Alyssa Milano trash because she begged for cash? The actress Alyssa Milano, no relation to the cookie, took a lot of heat over the weekend for posting a GoFundMe to raise money for her son's baseball team to travel to Cooperstown, the birthplace of Mr. Cooper.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But that's Hollywood socialism, a limousine liberal begging other people for a ride. Needless to say -- boy, had a hard time saying that -- needless to say, it didn't sit well with America, who collectively decided, how dare she post to GoFundMe when she's a famous actress, presumably worth millions, and can pay for it herself? Evidently most Americans are blissfully unaware that celebrities can be tighter than the bark to a tree.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Cheapskate. Big cheapskate. But when Outkick founder Clay Travis heard about this, to use a football pun, he stepped up to the plate and scored a slam-dunk that would make Wayne Gretzky proud.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: He donated the entirety of the left over some, $794, to get Alyssa to the $10,000 mark she needed, and then tweeted this. "Hey, Alyssa. Since you couldn't afford to pay for your son's baseball team to travel to Cooperstown, I just paid off the rest of the GoFundMe so they can make the trip. The only request is the team play the tournament in MAGA hats. You're welcome."(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Nine kids in MAGA hats? Guess we'll be certain no balls will be making it over the wall.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: A little migration humor, Kat. What do you think about using this as a GoFundMe? Does this give you any ideas for a GoFundMe page?TIMPF: No, because I wouldn't -- look, it was a bad look for her to do it, for sure. But also, we don't really know what her life is like and what her situation is like. What if she's already paid for everything else on the team?GUTFELD: That's my theory!TIMPF: Right, because everyone else is like you're Alyssa Milano, can't you get the uniforms? You're Alyssa Milano, why don't you pick up dinner? And like everyone, she's paying, she's paying, she's paying. At a certain point she's like, I've gotten literally everything else. People might also think she's a lot more wealthy than she really is, especially because everyone is sucking money out of her all the time.GUTFELD: I'm on team Alyssa Milano on this. I think that she did the public GoFundMe page, Kayleigh, to shame the other parents who assumed that she should pay for everything.MCENANY: Could be a credible theory because she paid for the jerseys, apparently. However, OK, she's driving, according to "The Daily Mail," like a $200,000 luxury electric vehicle. What a bad look. When you step back, you've got two wars going on, Americans crushed by inflation, homelessness on the rise, and pay for my son's baseball team?GUTFELD: But I still think that supports Kat's point, which is that she's like, OK, because I can afford a nice car, I have to pay for everything? All the time? I think she did this as a slap in the face, Jimmy, to those of the parents who just assumed she is rich.FAILLA: Well, I can tell you, having a youth sports-aged kid, any parent with a kid on the travel team just needs this money for booze.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: Travel parents are the biggest alcoholics you've ever met. I would posit it is possible, though, that they have been putting the bite on her. She was, according to the research, worth $10 million. We know she didn't blow the money on acting lessons.(APPLAUSE)FAILLA: So maybe, maybe?GUTFELD: Andrew, is it right to have that up on GoFundMe? You have people choosing between a kid who need surgery or a kid who needs a trip to Cooperstown.GRUEL: If he was promoted on the GoFundMe page just because of her name, then yes, I think that that would be pretty sad on GoFundMe's part. But I'm definitely on both of your sides on this. I don't really have anything negative to say about it, other than I think this is emblematic of Bidenomics, right. So when you've got Alyssa Milano needing to ask for money for her kids' baseball team, that's the economy right now.FAILLA: Can I just say this as a baseball fan. They're going to Cooperstown because that's where the hall of fame is. If these kids want to get to the Baseball Hall of Fame, do it the old-fashioned way and just buy steroids.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: They'll all be there free. Didn't cost anything.GUTFELD: I'm going to do a GoFundMe for your wardrobe.FAILLA: Hey, girl.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Up next, his rapping gets exposure while he's keeping it kosher?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Shapiro raps to number one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BEN SHAPIRO: Let's look at the stats, I've got the facts. My money like Lizzo, my pockets are fat. Homie, I'm epic, don't be a WAP. Dog, it's a yarmulke, homie, no cap. Look at the graphs, look at my charts. You're blowing money on strippers and cars. You're going to prison, I'm on television. Dogs, no one knows who you are.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kayleigh, the song is number one on iTunes. Rapper Nicki Minaj actually congratulated him. The only thing is he doesn't have a rap name. Doesn't he need a rap name?MCENANY: He does. He does. And I was trying to decide who was better, him or Vivek, because Vivek is pretty darn good at rapping. I'd love to see the competition.GUTFELD: I was thinking, Jimmy, Fresh Prince of Boca Raton?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Method Manischewitz?FAILLA: Forgive this, OK, but I grew up on Long Island, and everyone who had a bar mitzvah gave themselves a rap name.GUTFELD: Oh, really?FAILLA: OK, yes. So he would be like 2 Live Jew, you know what I mean?(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Very good, 2 Live Jew.FAILLA: There you go.GUTFELD: What about Sends Back Ice-T?(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: This goes on forever. All I can offer you is the Jew Tang Clan.(APPLAUSE)FAILLA: But can I just give two notes on the song? I happen to like Ben Shapiro a lot. I've never seen them talk that slow before.GUTFELD: I know. That's what's funny is that he is like the next level of rapping. He actually talks faster than a rapper.Andrew, I worry that in order for him to keep it real, like to gain more cred with the urban audience, he's going to have to kill another podcaster.(LAUGHTER)GRUEL: He definitely might have to shank somebody. And by the way, Dr. Dreidel is the name.(APPLAUSE)GRUEL: Here's the thing, there's no difference between Ben Shapiro and Eminem. Just like you said, when you listen to his podcast, there is debate. He's spitting lyrics much faster. The only difference is their content. Eminem is rapping about hoes and Vicodin, and Ben Shapiro is rapping about yarmulkes and what is a woman.GUTFELD: Yes, yes. There's Dr. Dre, he should just be Dr. Shapiro.TIMPF: Yes. His rap name is just "Ben Shapiro."GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.TIMPF: Whatever makes you happy, I guess. That's my overwhelming feeling watching that.GUTFELD: You don't like it?TIMPF: Am I going to listen to it outside of the show?GUTFELD: No, you're not.TIMPF: Neither are you.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I like lost total interest in hip-hop years ago.FAILLA: It kind of lost me. One note to his lyrics, though, OK.GUTFELD: They were actually good.FAILLA: They were good, but he accused the opposition of blowing money on women and cars. I disagree that that's blowing money, OK?GUTFELD: How about Lil' Knish?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Jew-dacris?FAILLA: Solid. I'm just listening.GUTFELD: Vanilla gefiltefish?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: M.C. Challah Back?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I should stop, huh?MCENANY: Yes, you should stop.GUTFELD: No. They're terrible. They're bad. Quit while I'm behind.Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We are out of time. Thanks to Kayleigh McEnany, Jimmy Failla, Andrew Gruel, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)