NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Remains to be seen. All right, and I always learn something. Thank you my friend.Arnon Mishkin, he is our Fox News decision desk director, a genius with this stuff precisely because he doesn't look at what others look at. We are looking at Nvidia after-hours trading, up 10 percent right now on better- than-expected numbers. That will do it here, THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Charlie Hurt and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.There's nothing like a bribe to keep your campaign alive. President Biden fast-tracking a plan that wipes out another $1.2 billion in student loans for 150,000 borrowers. Biden pushing up his timeline as his family, excuse me -- as his latest Hail Mary to young voters who've been left disappointed by his presidency.Altogether, Biden has now canceled $138 billion in debt for nearly four million borrowers, do the math on that. The president bragging about it while attacking Republicans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My MAGA Republican friends in the Congress, elected officials, and special interests stepped in and sued us. And the Supreme Court blocked it. They blocked it. But that didn't stop me. I announced we were going to pursue alternative paths for student debt relief for as many borrowers as possible.This plan is the most generous repayment program ever, and today we're doing it even faster and quicker than ever before.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you worry this will get shut down in court?BIDEN: I don't have a worry at all.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: The president also will blast out an e-mail to those lucky student loan borrowers as a way to kindly remind them who they need to thank at the ballot box this November.And if that's not transparent enough, Biden posting video of himself eating with a family that benefited from the student debt bailout.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Taking care of two sides, the student loan was just something that was just an albatross and trying to take care of. And when that ratio happened, it was such a tremendous relief for the home. So, thank you for that.BIDEN: I tried to wipe out all student debt and the Republican Party went nuts.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: But is there a better way to solve all of this? A GOP-backed bill called the College Cost Reduction Act would make universities at least partially on the hook for those student loans Biden wants to forgive with the legislation being billed as a risk-sharing proposal. Now, where have I heard that idea before?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Let's say Joe Biden had come up with a -- with a plan that actually split the burden. All right, let's say you're -- you pay $250 a month on your college loan, right? The recipient for a while pays a hundred. Government pays 50, the bank pays 50, the school pays 50. How easy -- share -- you know, share the relief.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Greg, let's give you the floor.GUTFELD: Oh, who is that gorgeous guy? He should be on this show. If you don't -- if you let him get away with this, we will continue paying and we'll keep paying because there's no incentive to stop this theft. And that's what this is, theft. This bill makes the colleges responsible if the graduates don't get enough value out of their degrees.So, that introduces value and accountability. It could kill all pointless degrees. And you could see academia finally caring about, I don't know, useful, affordable education. If you don't do this, this is never going to stop and the fact that he just openly brags about this theft, it's comical because it is a bribe. It's basically saying because, you know, we brought up MAGA Republicans. What he's saying is, you know those people you can't stand, truck drivers, cops, construction workers, they're all probably extreme MAGA. So, we're going to take their money and use it to pay off your crippling loan, that amounts to $250 a month, basically, right?So, that's what he's -- he's assuming that he's taking it from those people. I would use this argument. I would say this students, how would you feel as a graduate of Columbia or Harvard, we take your cash to pay off the truck loans, which is roughly the same monthly fee for the blue-collar folks who bring you your organic blueberries from Whole Foods or deliver your extra plush doggie bed from Amazon, make it a trade. You know, the truckers pay for your useless degree and you pay for their useful work.This is unconstitutional. It's arbitrary. It's morally -- it's kind of it's morally wrong. But you know what, it's a -- he's going to do it anyway.PERINO: He said that the Republicans are the ones that opposed it but Judge, the Supreme Court said he wasn't allowed to do it. And even Nancy Pelosi agreed.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: That is a very good point. Nancy Pelosi did agree and the Supreme Court said Joe, you're exceeding your authority. You do not have the right to cancel out student debt.And you know, the Supreme Court blocked it and I love this bill. I love this College Cost Reduction Act. So, if you go to college and you can't get a job based on the college education, well, then maybe the college should pay for the bill, not the government, why are we funding it?And you know what? The whole idea of cost-benefit analysis, that you're always referred to Dana, the guy who buys the F-150, who makes the cost- benefit analysis and says, I can't -- I can't afford to go to college, I got to -- I got to buy a truck, I got to get to work right away.And there is no punishment from people who don't do that. And these namby- pamby kids, they're saying, oh, I'm not going to have that $200 a month, $200 extra, to be able to live the life I want to live.And in the end, when the Supreme Court has told them you can't do it, and the first case of what the Supreme Court they didn't have standing, but then they did have standing, they got this -- the right states that were involved, it's clear he doesn't have the right.You talked about the morally wrong. This is a bribe. This is a bribe that Biden is trying to get young people with whom he has very low numbers, in spite of the fact that he's, you know, pro-environment and prochoice. They think he's, you know, doesn't speak well, I'll leave it at that.PERINO: But when the polls are bad, the Biden team find some like sugar high to figure out a way to get through the next news cycle. And you can bet you're going to hear this at the State of the Union right on March 7th.But what I think is interesting, Harold is like, they treat the government like Oprah's favorite things. You get an electric vehicle, and you get a solar panel, and you get a student loan debt. And the meantime, they're shrinking their former coalition of blue-collar workers with decisions like this.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So, it's good to be back around the table. I've said for a while -- first of all, I'll give Greg a lot of credit, because he talked -- I think you talked about -- you have to talk about this in three ways. And they're all equal. The third way we always talked about this was you got to bring these college presidents before Congress and begin this conversation. I love the value and accountable, that's what the Act should be called.And you give relief to kids, the second prong of what always -- you give relief to kids who want to be nurses, and teachers and policemen and firemen and engineers like plumbers and electricians where we have a need in the economy.If you want to be a liberal arts major, or even a art history major and be a plumber. That's fair enough. That's fine. I'd love to have a conversation about World War I and World War II with my plumber --PERINO: Or like Roman aqueducts.FORD JR.: All of it. So, I just think that that's where the focus needs to be and unfortunately, it's not.The third thing is when you look at some of the people, I'd looked at this, I know we all did, some of the people are getting some of this break from the president. These are people who have been paying a $12,000 or $13,000 loan, had been paying for many years and probably had paid interest above and beyond what the original loan they took out.That being said, the court was right to do what they did. They did not have the authority to retire that level of debt. And Nancy Pelosi and Republicans and a court that is dominated by conservative appointees were right.And maybe the president thinks if Democrats get to the majority, they'll be able to pass something like this. But I would argue Democrats don't retire everyone's debt. Let's prioritize how we're going to do this. We have too much debt as a nation, but giving people a break. We're trying to make the nation better and more whole and for that matter, fix things and build things. They're the ones that deserve the break.PERINO: Charlie, do you remember when Democrats absolutely lost their minds and I didn't love it either when President Trump wanted to put his name on the checks during the stimulus thing and they lost their mind.Biden is out there doing big campaign announcements blaming -- when the money is coming from the taxpayers, not coming from Biden's back pocket.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, everything that drives people crazy about Donald Trump is just because he does it better than politicians do. And he owns it, he does it himself. And it drives people crazy.The biggest lie about all this is the idea that you're canceling loans or cancelling debt, there's no cancelling of loans, you're just moving them from the people that benefited from the loans to innocent people who, you know, mom and dads maybe who couldn't afford to pay attention for their own children are suddenly on the hook for paying for the tuition for other people to get like underwater basket weaving or gender studies, whatever degrees from these massive corporations that have these massive untaxed endowments.It is -- I applaud the Republicans for doing this, but this is an issue that has been sitting around for a very long time that Republicans could have capitalized on. And it's -- it is right -- it should be right in their wheelhouse because it is a mass -- you know, who's the biggest actor in college loans? It's these massive universities. They're the ones that set the rates, they're the ones that make money whether you default on your loans or not default on your loans or whether you get a job because of your degree or don't get a job. They benefit coming and going every single time.And they don't get a haircut in this and Republicans, I would love to see Donald Trump -- Donald Trump could seize this issue and drive it all the way home. And whether you do it in a more egalitarian way where you do it for truck drivers, as well as the underwater transgender basket weaving degree or whatever, you know, it would -- but I think -- I think they could -- they could make a tremendous political issue.FORD JR.: Is that a four-year degree, the basket weaving --HURT: I think it is.PERINO: It's only underwater, you add underwater and that adds another year. The other thing I just want to make one quick point about this is that at the same time that all of this is going on, the Biden administration at the Education Department redid the financial aid website, and they said it's going to work so much better.Remember the Obamacare website?PIRRO: Yes, of course.PERINO: It's been such a disaster that families all across this country who need to figure out a way to send their kids to school next year who are trying to apply for financial aid cannot do so. And now they have all of their friends who are getting accepted to schools who maybe don't need financial aid, and they can't make decisions until probably May 1st.And some families are saying, fine, I guess we'll just do a gap year, I guess we'll have to work. And these kids, they were already in COVID school four years ago, and now they're in this situation. The Biden administration hasn't taken it on the chin enough for that, but they should and you'll see more of that I'm sure.Coming up, she's in a New York state of mind, Letitia James threatens to take away Trump's iconic buildings.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HURT: New York's democratic Attorney General Letitia James is now threatening to seize Donald Trump's assets if he can't pay that egregious penalty in civil fraud verdict.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES, NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL: If he does not have funds to pay off the judgment, and then we will seek, you know, judgment enforcement mechanisms in court. And we will ask the judge to seize his assets.We are prepared to make sure that the judgment is paid to New Yorkers. And yes, I look at 40 Wall Street each and every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)HURT: Last night, Trump railed against the verdict.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, I have a lot of cash, but that doesn't mean he can take it. I mean, you know what he did? I think he looked at my cash and he said, well, we'll take all of his cash.Letitia James is a horrible Attorney General in New York. She campaigned on I will get Trump, I will get Trump, that's sick. And this judge is sick. He got overturned on this case so far overturned by the Appellate Division four times already on this case.(END VIDEO CLIP)Shur And while Democrats tried to bleed Trump's businesses dry, top leaders are trying to bring back the Russia hoax.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: What do you think -- we're all wondering this question Speaker Pelosi? What do you think Putin has on him? I mean, it sure seems like something.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): I don't know what he has on him. But I think it's probably financial.JOY BEHAR, ABC NEWS HOST: And then what do you think Putin has on him on Trump?REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): There's a growing pro-Putin faction in the Republican Party, and it's led by Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)HURT: So Judge, we definitely want to get to the Russia hoax stuff. Because it's always good to go back to that.But starting with this unbelievable -- the unbelievable verdict, this effort by Letitia James to go after. You know, the verdict may as well have been like, a gigakabillion, just some absurd number, because it doesn't really matter that it's based in reality. It's not based on reality.And you know, it's all -- and there -- it's almost like they're proud of how absurd the verdict is. And they want everybody to realize how unfair and ridiculous it is.PIRRO: Well, she keeps saying it's not a victimless crime. It is a victimless crime. And she says the -- you know, the people who are harmed are the people of the state of New York.Well, the people of the state of New York who are being harmed are the people who are victims of assault, and muggings, and who are being murdered in this city, that she just ignores that she doesn't care about that the police officers who have been assaulted by immigrants, and you know, the viral video goes around the world where people say, I come to New York and assault the police officers.Look, there's a part of me that thinks that Letitia James really wants the way she says, oh, I go by 40 Wall Street every day. I really think this woman wants to come down that golden escalator and announced in Trump Tower that she's going to run for president. I mean, I think the woman engages in all kinds of delusions.But the truth is this this case is not going to survive an appeal. It's not going to survive an appeal based on several issues. It's not just that there was no victim in this case, but they're using the business law in a way that it was not intended to be used. They're using it as a consumer fraud case. And then business statute was to be used -- intended to be used against sophisticated actors. They used it as a consumer fraud statute.And they -- she's got it all backwards and she had a judge who from the get go said the guy's a bad guy, Letitia should go after him. This is the guy who's sitting on the trial. You can't have a judge sit over a trial who literally openly is saying publicly that he hates the guy.The bottom line is that she can seize the assets if he doesn't come up with the money in 30 days, which is a requirement for him to appeal. He's going to come up with the money, and he's going to appeal. The appellate division has four times said that a lot of these cases are statute time barred by the statute of limitations.HURT: So, one of my favorite things about Donald Trump is he makes politics accessible to everybody. So he does something like earlier this week, he released a copy of the Eighth Amendment on his website, which is the of course the amendment against excessive fines, Greg, and as our resident, you know, constitutional scholar. Doesn't the Eighth Amendment protect him?GUTFELD: You're absolutely right. I'm glad you read my column earlier today in the Hill.HURT: In the tort reform digest.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. I just want to touch on the Russia stuff. They say what does Putin have on Trump? I don't know because Putin endorsed Biden. So, we'll just leave it at that, OK. That's something they conveniently left out.She said it will be paid to New Yorkers. What does she mean by that? No, we're not getting paid. We're not getting paid, because there is no victim. She -- where does the $355 million going to go if Trump owes the bank zero, the bank agreed he owes him nothing because they did it. He fulfilled the contract. He broke no laws.You know, people whenever they bring up Trump, they always say no one is above the law. No one is above. Well, what law?Apparently this is a first. As Kat Timpf pointed out, I think yesterday, it's about being below the law. Trump is below the law, meaning you can punish him for not crossing into illegality. Much like the rest of us.So generally, anybody who works in contract law, I think Harold can agree with me on this, because we talked about this a lot. Trump is 100 percent innocent in this, it can't be fraud, because who it is -- is it against?When I'm in a contract negotiation, I can pretty much present anything I want, because the other side will assess it and come back with their number and then we agree, there's nothing hidden in a contract. Nobody is that stupid.But if you don't work in contracts, you don't know this. This is -- I think this is all an act to keep Trump off his game. That's all this is. But this is why we all need to move to Florida because I never thought that my politics, political choices would affect my privacy, my speech and my livelihood. But that's how it is these days. They're going to do what they did to Trump, they're going to do to you and me, and how soon before I get arrested for public indecency, and this time, I will be innocent.HURT: So, Harold, as a level-headed Democrat, does this worry you going in this direction?FORD JR.: So, a couple things, I think the Judge laid it out well, with what the law is here, he's got 30 days on his appeal, but he's got to show he has the assets for this.As an aside, I would not have gone on ABC News or NBC, for that matter, Fox anywhere if I were the attorney general. I mean, she's the one -- she's up one nothing in the sheet that the former president was found liable and a big judgment was rendered against him.Now, he has an appeal. I actually think the former president, just my surveying of it looks like he may have a stronger appeal here than he does in some of the other things already. Because this law in addition to everything that's been said, was really designed to protect the consumer. And the consumer has not been -- not been hurt here. So, it'd be interesting to see what the -- what the higher court says.But all they're doing is following the rules here. And again, I think it's a bad look for the attorney general to be out doing these things. She's up one nothing. Let the court -- let the court make the next step. And then if indeed, you're going to do these things, let the process play itself out.HURT: How bad is this politically? Does this backfire on Democrats?PERINO: On her?HURT: Yes.PERINO: I think a lot because she's overzealous partisan. She has no dispassion. Like she's very passionate about going after one person. And it shows instead of just following the law.I also think that for a lot of people across the country, I still actually don't understand it and don't agree with it, that you have to pay a fine like that before you can appeal, that seems really wrong.FORD JR.: Show the assets, you don't have to -- you don't have to give --PERINO: But even with that, it just seems like even if you don't like Trump, you could look at this and say that seems unfair, and it feels like there are two systems of justice. I do think that it always takes the media too long to catch up to people like Fani Willis or Letitia James, but eventually they do.And what is -- let's just say they get $400 million, is that going to go to pay the $10,000 per migrant for their debit cards? Is that the kind of reinvestment or can you go to 37th and Eighth Avenue and clean that crap up? It is terrible in this city. They've got -- like, she's the attorney general, like you could do so much more than going after this and causing big problems for Democrats in the long run.But I guarantee in her circle of friends and her text threads, they love it, they thinks that she's dining out on this every night.HURT: Something tells me even if they get the 400 million they're not going to spend it on regular --PIRRO: Well, they seize the assets and you know, according to a prosecutors way of thinking, you use it for the office to fight crime, which he doesn't do.HURT: No, she does not.OK, up next, Democrats clean the streets for Kamala. While residents are forced to live with the squatters.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Residents say no more to squatters galore. Georgia lawmakers are proposing a bill that would make squatting a clear criminal offense.A whopping 1200 homes in Atlanta have been taken over by uninvited guests. One property got turned into a covert strip club, complete with weekend parties and even live horses.Homeowners in St. Louis are suing the city over sidewalk squatters on their property and asked to remove them just like they did when Kamala came to town.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BEVIS SCHOCK, ST. LOUIS HOMEOWNER'S ATTORNEY: The filth everywhere smells. It's disgusting. It makes their front of their house unusable and they have a lovely front porch. They can't use it.But when Kamala Harris came, they cleaned them all out of home base city hall. So they absolutely have the power to move people out.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Charlie, a strip club with horses, I wouldn't ask for a lap dance.HURT: Really? I would think that you would -- I would think that would be the first thing you would ask for when you -- when you --PERINO: What if the horse ask?GUTFELD: Well.HURT: Yes. No, it's -- you know -- and of course, you know, you look at like parks where you see -- most of these parks -- a lot of these parks are made for children. And the idea that children have to play in, you know, among needles, among weapons, among all this disgusting stuff, all the remnants of people who are squatting, it's absolutely disgusting.And it is a reminder that you know -- and when they clean it up for somebody like Kamala Harris and they make it like -- it turns it into some issue about a photo op, well, this is not about a photo op. This is about actually living and the unfairness of it. People pay huge amounts of money to live in these places, and then all the -- and they get no benefit it. It's a little bit like being at the drugstore and you're getting ready to pay some robot for all of your groceries and then some dude runs out the door with all of his stuff for free. You're like, what kind of a chump am I.And the company that allows that to happen is mocking those of us who are stupidly sitting there arguing with the robot machine to pay -- to pay the -- for your goods.GUTFELD: It's a -- it's a cashier, it's self --PERINO: Self-checkout.HURT: Self-checkout.GUTFELD: Harold, so these 1,200 homes are taken by squatters, but for some reason homeowners have limited rights in reclaiming their property. Can you explain this succinctly?FORD JR.: It's wrong.GUTFELD: Thank you.FORD JR.: I'm glad to see them doing what they're doing. I think mayor and governor, and for that matter, every politician particularly executives have to ask a question about your city or about your state about policies to correct things. Are the things you're doing being done to enhance the community you live or erode the community you live in.And it's good that the Georgia legislature decide to do something to try to enhance. I felt for that St. Louis Homeowner Association fellow who said look, I don't think it was -- it was not a political statement, it was a -- it was a statement about humanity. You don't clean things up just because politicians are coming. I don't care if they're Democrat or Republican or you got a nice house guest coming. You should clean it up for everybody. No one should have the value of their property diminished because of that.We -- Greg, you've been an outspoken advocate. This is like the Greg Gutfeld policy day because I think your value and accountability act, you want to do with education could be done here as well. We -- there's states and cities that are doing incredible things to get homeless people to give them dignity and opportunity and then more importantly clean up our streets.The state of Utah which is not a democratic bastion has decided to help provide housing and to help provide opportunity for people to support themselves to pay for that housing, private housing for many homeless in their communities. They may not have the scale we have in New York or Chicago or Los Angeles but there got to be things that we can draw from these successes to ensure that no one is confronted with what that St. Louis homeowner is confronted with, and for that matter, any of us are confronted with.GUTFELD: You know, Judge, I think we found Kamala's secret weapon. She gets the streets clean. Just send her to different cities and tell her she's doing something important.PIRRO: Yes, we could send her with the garbage men.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Every -- she can do the pickup every week. It'd be great. Look, you know what? This isn't necessarily about people who need housing, OK. If you go -- if you become a squatter in someone else's house and you create a strip club, I imagine that you really didn't need the housing, you're just trying to make say extra cash.FORD JR.: I'm just -- I was only saying homeless people. I agree with you 100 percent about that. 100 percent.PIRRO: OK. So, let's get this straight. So, it normally takes six months to a year to get someone evicted from your house that you own that you pay the mortgage on. And by the way, you're not forgiven the mortgage payment, the rent, or anything else if there's a squatter in there.So, let's talk about the fact that this all began with tenants rights. Landlords have no rights whether you're in New Jersey or you're in New York, forget it. You have no rights. It takes a year to get someone out, OK. Now, in this particular case, in St Louis I think it is, they want to charge you with a misdemeanor and a fine. Hogwash. If somebody breaks in into your house, that is a felony, that is a burglary. In New York, you face seven years.If they break into my house and live in it, the very least is a burglary. And I want seven years. A burglary felony, I don't want a misdemeanor. That's number two. Now, think about it. Everybody out there, if you ever tried to repave your driveway, you ever tried to put a mailbox at the end of your driveway, ever try to put a light at the end of your house, if I try to add a foot to the wall in front of my house, it's against code, you can't do it. But if someone comes up and decides they want to -- they want to pitch a tent in front of my house and they're squatters, and we can't move them out.They can start they cooking, that smells can -- they can throw out the garbage on the street, the rats can come out, they can poop in the sewer, and more rats will come out. This is absurd. I'm sick of it. And 1,200 houses in Atlanta, they've got squatters in them. You know why? Fani Willis is too busy hanging out with Wade and going on six vacations in five months.FORD JR.: What about the horse?GUTFELD: You know, Dana, we have -- you have tons of homeless pitching tents outside your apartment.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Also, they live out there. What -- how -- what do you make of all this?PERINO: Well, I like this guy in the article from Fox 5 Atlanta. He said nothing good ever happens in an empty house. And well, I just -- you can't -- you kind of can't believe that this is allowed, that it's legal but it - - I just -- in my research, it's Oregon, Illinois, St Louis, Georgia, Denver. I'm like, OK wait, so this is everywhere?And if I were Kamala Harris, I would absolutely say, if I'm going somewhere to raise millions of dollars for our campaign I'm coming to your city, don't clean it up.PIRRO: That's right.PERINO: Because it looks really bad on her. And if you want to solve problems and you should -- you need to show, then you can solve some problems, I would do that. The other thing is this really hurts people who are trying to climb the ladder, right? So, legal immigrants who have come to this country, one of the ways that they get a foothold on the wealth ladder is to invest in property, and they save, and they live very simply, and they get a property like this.And the Democratic mayors of these cities are not doing anything to protect these legal immigrants. And mom and pops that have figured out a way to have just a little bit of a nest egg by providing housing to people, and you're going to let the squatters take it?I really commend Lawrence Jones. He did a big piece on this two weeks ago in Atlanta, gave it a lot of attention, and now they're moving. So, that's amazing.GUTFELD: I guess they're right that Kamala has sweeping powers.Coming up, Elon Musk anti-free speech critics will be seething over a big award he might be receiving.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Standing up for free speech could help the world's richest man get the world's most prestigious award. A Norwegian lawmaker nominating Elon Musk for the Nobel Peace Prize and saying the billionaire deserves the award for his "adamant defense of dialogue, free speech, and enabling the possibility to express one's views in a continuously more polarized world." He also said Elon's tech companies like Starlink have help make the world a more connected and safer place.All right, well, Greg, you know, Elon does have a lot of experience and a great run when it comes to free speech. He did it on Twitter, he launched Starlink. He's done some great stuff. What do you think?GUTFELD: Yes. If the world was fair, he would win. But I would win too for breaking up with Taylor Swift so she could get on with her life. But if anybody deserves this prize, it is Elon. When you consider the areas that he's focused on which is energy, survivability, that's why he's looking at Mars, medicine with all the -- like the Neuralink stuff, and of course free speech which is super important.And it -- but I said this once before. If by comparison look at other billionaires, specifically the anti -- the anti-Musk which is Soros who's undoing society -- while Musk is preserving it or advancing it, Soros is giving money to DAs that are literally destroying our cities. This is where it's time for a billionaire like him or Peter Thiel to start investing in the same kind of lawfare that's directed at Trump, but directed to Sorus- funded DAs.PIRRO: Dana, you know, other individuals include Barack Obama who've received this award, Jimmy --PERINO: He got it -- he got it before he even took office.PIRRO: That's right. Right. And he got the Peace Prize I think it was -- Al Gore, Jimmy Carter. How much would this mean to the Conservative movement actually have --PERINO: The thing is that somebody always does this, OK. Somebody always on the Conservative side of things recommends somebody that they know is never going to get it. But it gets attention and it gets people talking. I think if he -- if he were to get any Nobel Prize, it would probably be for medicine. If Neuralink works as well as it sounds like it might be able to work to help people to actually be able to live their lives after major accidents, that I think is something that the world might be able to agree on.This they're probably not going to be able to agree. But in America, let's just say we had an am American Nobel Prize and it was here. One of the things that has happened is -- Twitter drives me crazy. I don't think it's -- I can't figure it out. I think the algorithm is all screwed up. I still use it every day. I need to use it.One of the things that is most genius is the community notes piece. And yesterday, there was a really good example. There's a Wisconsin Senate candidate. He announces he's running. And he talks about -- he had a question about child trafficking in Central America. He says he's very familiar because he runs three shelters in Central America. So, the Democrats put up a thing that says oh, he's so rich he has three homes.PIRRO: Oh.PERINO: No, that's not what he said. But community notes was able to say no, that's not true. And that's one of the things that can figure out a way to level the playing field so that there is more fair and free speech.PIRRO: You know, Harold, Elon is a very talented guy whether it's physics with SpaceX or medicine, chemistry, Neuralink or economics scientist, Tesla. I mean, how much potential does this guy have and why hasn't he gotten a prize before this?FORD JR.: Well, I agree with Dana. I don't think he is -- I wouldn't put him in their list for Nobel Peace Prize. I think that exercising free speech is something he should be lauded for. I think he is the most important technologist of my lifetime.PIRRO: Yes, not just the Peace Prize or other prizes.FORD JR.: Well, you I wouldn't be surprised if he's not used some of the things that medicine -- people who've won the Nobel in medicine and science have used. What he is -- I think they may have created an award for him. One of the awards he has which I wonder if I had to Nobel Peace Prize, I'd trade with him to be the richest man in the world if he wanted my prize.He has done so much to enhance humanity. I think politicians and business people ought to be judged on that thing there. And what he's doing whether it's free speech, whether it's medicine, whether it's batteries, whether it's artificial intelligence, whether it's giving us an opportunity to go to space and take things from space and make life better here, he deserves an award for that. Maybe not the Peace Prize.PERINO: You deserve the Peace Prize for being on this show.PIRRO: Charlie, what do you say?HURT: So, you know -- you know, obviously when -- usually when rich people get involved in like theoretical stuff, you know, they make their money by moving money around or their hedge funders, or their people. This is a guy who actually builds things, who actually makes things. He's the only private company that has ever put people into outer space. And whether you're down for electric cars or not, and that's fantastic, he's done amazing things with -- in terms of producing more and more cars.And I think that -- I think his ability to the physics -- the physical nature of what he does makes him realize that actually at the end of the day, all these theoretical arguments we have, free speech is the only one that matters, is the most important one because everything comes in defense of that. And he does it fearlessly. And he does it at tremendous financial cost to himself. And he needs to be applauded for that.PIRRO: Yes. I think we all agree. "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, office and remote workers alike finding random recorded Zoom meetings on YouTube to pretend they are busy and avoid talking to their co-workers. It works like a charm because whenever Greg stops by my desk, he now knows what I'm doing.Your Honor, what are you -- what are your thoughts on this thing here? Do you ever do this thing?PIRRO: No.FORD JR.: Charlie?HURT: Oh, I think it's genius. I love it. I wish that I knew how to Zoom, and I would definitely do this. But what's really annoying is now, I -- it's like you know, when you see somebody coming down and you put your ear to -- they still walk up and talk to you. And I'm like, I'm not on the phone but I'm pretending to be because I don't want to talk to you. It doesn't work.PERINO: They say --FORD JR.: How often do you do this to Hemmer?PERINO: Hemmer? I just don't do this. I'm too busy for this. And if you're doing this where you work, you're not busy enough. So, you either need to figure out more work to do, leave that job and get another job, or just go waste somebody else's time. Don't waste your employer's time. Don't waste the money.HURT: That's the most Dana answer ever.PERINO: Thank you.HURT: I hate -- I hate --FORD JR.: In the green room you do this too.GUTFELD: I hate to break it to you guys. This video was viewed 290,000 times. Most of it were at was at home which means they're trying to hide porn usage. So when somebody comes in, they flip it over to the Zoom meeting. It's a porn blocker to escape detection. They made it sound like something else. Now, do you see what it is?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: That's a real --GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Oh.PIRRO: That's why I didn't like it.HURT: So, you knew that?PIRRO: No, but it makes sense.GUTFELD: Yes, that's exactly what it's for. So, like with some kids on the -- kids sitting there, his parents come in, he just hits that button.PERINO: Hi, I'm 14 but I'm on a Zoom.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.PIRRO: I hate zooms. I hate zooms.PERINO: Talking about fulfilling customer orders.PIRRO: I hate somebody looking at you every second of the -- of the meeting. I mean, like, turn the thing off .Just listen to me. You know what I mean, Harold?FORD JR.: Where is that horse? "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." I saw this and I wanted to share it. This is drone video capturing a wolf pack trekking through snow. Check this out. The Wolves working together to create this tunnel to get across a very snowy landscape. The strongest wolves lead the pack as the young and elderly follow in line, as it should be. That is nature, everybody, right there.HURT: So, where did they put --GUTFELD: It reminds of the border, Dana.PIRRO: That's what I was going to say. I can't believe you said it.PERINO: OK, you're next, Greg.GUTFELD: Oh, OK, tonight, we got another great show. We have the great chef Andrew Gruel, Charly Arnold, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus.Hey, let's do this. Greg's Fox News. You know, fox as you know has always been in the forefront of technology. And now they're introducing the new fox cam. Let's take a look at it. It actually is -- here's the fox cameraman getting ready to dawn it. He comes over. He's not on union so we can make him do whatever he wants. But get over here, fox. And then he gets up. He has to put it on. He puts on the -- and then he just -- wherever he goes. This is actually in a village of bagshot (PH) in Zurich. Is that how you say it? So, you can find out everything you need to know from this little fox as it goes around.PERINO: It's Fox News.GUTFELD: It's Fox News.HURT: Where is this again?GUTFELD: Zurich.PIRRO: It must be U.K.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Fox News Alert.GUTFELD: Yes, there you go.PERINO: OK, Judge.PIRRO: OK. Now, you've heard of puppy eyes, but have you ever heard of seal eyes? This is Eve. She's a baby seal with a gaze that no one could possibly say no to. Isn't she sweet?PERINO: Give her some more sardines.PIRRO: Yes. She's a seal. She's a baby.PERINO: She looks like that so you won't kill her.PIRRO: Yes. All right, and tonight, I am hosting "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME."PERINO: Wow.FORD JR.: Who you got on? Who you got on?PIRRO: Well, I got a lot of great people on.GUTFELD: Where is Jesse, by the way? So, two days off?PIRRO: OK. You know who I have on? I have Stephen Miller. And I have on Tomi Lahren.GUTFELD: I love his music.PIRRO: And I have Tulsi Gabbard in the A block. You know who's short list she's on.GUTFELD: Like an eagle. We'll be coming in a big jet airliner.PERINO: Greg and I are on everyone's short list.PIRRO: Do you want to come on? Do you want to be -- yes, I get that.PERINO: All right, Harold.FORD JR.: A man just became the first to climb Mount Kilimanjaro backwards. 32-year-old Ben Stewart set out on the inverted venture to raise money for the British Heart Foundation in memory of his grandfather, Ian, who passed away from a heart attack. The journey took the personal trainer eight days, and involved a neck-strengthening device so he could look over his shoulder for long periods of time. You should have this guy on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME."PIRRO: Yes, well --GUTFELD: How do you know he just didn't walk down and then play the -- play the thing backwards? I call B.S. on this. He walked down --FORD JR.: Everybody else walk --WATTERS: He walked down -- he took a helicopter, and walked down and then he flip -- this is all filmed backwards.FORD JR.: This was for a charity --GUTFELD: This is -- this is like that (INAUDIBLE).(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: -- for British Heart Foundation.HURT: He should have a helmet with a rearview mirror.PIRRO: They're tracking him.PERINO: It's a good thing -- hey, Harold, it's a good thing you told us that was for charity at the top.FORD JR.: It's for charity.PERINO: Because we would -- Greg and I were in very dangerous territory.PIRRO: But who tracked him to find out whether or not he's actually doing it?PERINO: Charlie, you get to go since you didn't have time yesterday. Charlie.HURT: This is -- this is a -- this is a good one. So, in Philadelphia -- outside of Philadelphia, if you want to beat traffic, this is the way you do it. You -- well, you're supposed to be on the horse if you want to beat traffic.PERINO: Harold, you asked where the horse was.HURT: I don't know where the rider went or what have you.GUTFELD: He's late for the lap dance.HURT: That's -- he started with the horse. Luckily, the horses in Philadelphia are smarter than the people because the horse takes the off- ramp and manages to --PERINO: But what -- what's the story though? What happened?HURT: Oh, he escaped from a riding club nearby and took off.PIRRO: Boy, he's in a rush.HURT: He saw the freeway and decided to just open -- wide open.PERINO: That's what you call some horsepower.HURT: That's right. That's right. You're original.PERINO: Come on.GUTFELD: I refuse to --PERINO: That's it for us. Have a great night. We'll see you tomorrow.