(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TOM SHILLUE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you, Joe Machi, Todd Piro, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, and you, our studio audience.FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I am Tom Shillue. And on behalf of Greg Gutfeld, I love you, America.JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF CORRESPONDENT: Good evening. I'm Jonathan Hunt, in for Trace. Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late News, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, a crucial day in multiple courtrooms for Donald Trump. The former president attended proceedings in Florida, where a judge is weighing when the federal documents case against him will go to trial? More on that in a moment.But first, it is now up to a judge in Georgia to decide whether Fani Willis, the district attorney overseeing the election interference case against Trump there, should be removed from the case over alleged impropriety.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with more from the closing arguments and what if anything, we can read from the tea leaves -- anything but a tea party in Georgia.Good evening. Kevin.(CROSSTALK)KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Yes. Tea leaves, indeed, my friend. Evening to you.Now, after listening to three hours of legal arguments, Judge Scott McAfee said he actually hoped to issue a ruling in the next couple of weeks.Now, the judge is now tasked with determining whether D.A. Fani Willis and her office should be blocked from continuing to prosecute former President Trump in the state's controversial election interference case.Today's arguments capping a battle that has now lasted nearly two months over whether Willis's romance with the special prosecutor Nathan Wade, amounted to a conflict of interest.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOHN MERCHANT, ATTORNEY TO MICHAEL ROMAN: The issue is that they began this relationship in 2019. They were dating for two years, and then she awarded him a contract, where public money, either from Fulton County or the state of Georgia ended up in his pockets.That decision alone was improper. But what's even -- what's even more improper is that then, she, and he used that money to go on personal vacations and trips.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: A number of lavish trips indeed. That's for the D.A. The county's deputy told the court today, "The motion to disqualify should be denied. And Miss Willis, as the district attorney of Fulton County, and Mr. Wade, as the special prosecutor assigned to this case, should be allowed to remain on this case and continue to prosecute the case."And to keep this in mind, Jonathan, defense attorneys have argued that Judge McAfee only needs to find an appearance of impropriety or conflict for that matter in order to disqualify Willis and her office from the case to be continued. Jonathan?HUNT: Yes, we will all be watching very closely for that decision. Kevin, thank you.And as we mentioned at the top, former President Donald Trump was back in a courtroom today, this time in Fort Pierce, Florida, as his lawyers urged Judge Aileen Cannon to push back his trial for allegedly mishandling classified documents. They want to push back until after the November election.Matt Finn is here with the highlights today of today's arguments from both sides. Good evening to you, Matt.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Jonathan.It's kind of hard to keep up with all the Trump indictments and court hearings. Today's case in Florida was about former President Trump keeping classified documents at his Mar-a-Lago home.Former President Trump left the federal courthouse in Fort Pierce, Florida today, after hours of arguments over when the trial should begin.Judge Aileen Cannon originally scheduled this trial for May, but today both sides agree to delaying the date. Our Fox team at the courthouse today reports, Special Counsel Jack Smith was in the courtroom and agree to July 8th.However, Trump's team argued that's unfair because July would be during the thick of the presidential campaign season. Trump's team said the earliest date they can be ready is August 12th. But both sides estimate they'll need about five weeks to present their cases, which means if the trial did start in August, it can go right into election day in November.Now, all this comes as the Supreme Court has put a pause on Trump's other federal criminal case in Washington, D.C. in which he's accused of trying to overturn the 2020 election.The justices are deciding whether Trump has presidential immunity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If you don't have immunity for a president, and I'm not talking about only me. if you don't have immunity for a president, you are going to -- you will not be able to function properly, you will not be able to do the right thing for the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: Now, the prosecution argues this trial could take place in the fall, insisting that it would not interfere with the presidential election. Jonathan.HUNT: Matt, great to see you. Thank you.With us now former prosecutor turned criminal defense attorney, David Gelman. Great to have you here, David. Let me get to that documents case.First, it seems to me that we've got two sides here. One saying we've got to do this as soon as possible because we don't -- we want to get it done before an election that, that other guy might win, and the other side saying, let's put this off until after the election, because if we win, we can make it go away. Is that fair?DAVID GELMAN, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Hi, Jonathan. Well, number one, thank you very much for having me.And you are exactly right. Is that fair? Of course, it's not fair. It is exactly election interference at its finest.There is no reason to have this case, go immediately. Number one, if they did have this start going, this is going to take a long time, it's going to be a month, the months and months at its best. You just heard Matt Finn, each case is going to take at least five to six weeks, just to begin, and that doesn't even include closing arguments.So, I don't even understand how this could possibly happen prior to the election. And then, there is an unwritten rule where about 60 days prior to the election, the president or presidential candidates have to be on the road campaigning nonstop. I don't know how this is possible.HUNT: Yes. Let's listen to both sides of the political debate about this. Senator Marco Rubio and Congressman Adam Schiff. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): It's like we have seen them unleash this cabal of lawyers, prosecutors, and so forth, all designed to achieve one thing, and that is prevent Donald Trump from even being on the ballot.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right.RUBIO: Even having a chance to get elected. That has no precedent in American history.REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: Once again, Donald Trump trying to run out the clock. And we have to hope and pray that voters reject him when they have a chance to vote this November, so that if the justice department and justice has not been served, that it will be served after the election.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: So, what about the running out the clock allegation, David? It does seem that at least some of these delays that would put these things into election season have been caused by Donald Trump's lawyers themselves.GELMAN: You know, that -- I don't want to buy that argument. The lawyers are doing their job. They are doing their due diligence. That's what an attorney supposed to do. They are fighting for their client, and they want to get the best possible resolution.So, you know, the Democrats can say, oh, well, they're just running out the clock. That's not a good excuse. That's not a good argument. They are fighting for their client and they're doing the right job.If I was there, If I was President Trump's attorney, that's exactly what I would be doing as well.HUNT: Let's go down to Georgia, the soap opera, if you like that has been playing out there. Pretty extraordinary scenes in the courtroom. Let's listen to a little bit of what has been happening down in Georgia.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ADAM ABBATE, CHIEF DEPUTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY, MAJOR CRIMES DIVISION, FULTON COUNTY: There is been absolutely no evidence that the district attorney has benefited financially at all. But benefited financially in conjunction with any outcome, whether it be now or ultimately, as it relates to the prosecution of this case.MERCHANT: She awarded him a contract where public money, either from Fulton County or the State of Georgia ended up in his pockets. That decision alone was improper.But what's even -- what's even more improper is that -- then, she and he used that money to go on personal vacations and trips.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: So, just quickly, David, as we wrap it up here, should the D.A. funny witness be allowed to remain on this case?GELMAN: No. Very simple. No. There is an appearance of impropriety. And the judge, that's all he has to find is the -- in -- the appearance. He doesn't have to find that she lied or that Nathan Wade lied, just the appearance. And that's all -- and the defense attorneys today, I thought they did an excellent job at breaking it down, so a 5-year-old could figure this out.And I did feel bad for the prosecutor's attorney here today. It looked like he was just a one L at a law school, honestly. He was just a fish out of water. It was not a pretty sight. But you know what?HUNT: Yes.GELMAN: He didn't have a lot to play with.HUNT: We'll see what the judge decides in that case. A lot to watch legally speaking. David, great to have you with us this evening. Thank you very much for being here.GELMAN: Thanks for having me, Jonathan.HUNT: Meanwhile, family and friends said their final goodbyes to Laken Riley at funeral services in her hometown today, as the fallout continues from the murder of the University of Georgia student, allegedly at the hands of an illegal immigrant from Venezuela.Ashley Strohmier has the details tonight. Good evening, Ashley.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi, Jonathan.Hundreds of people gathered in Woodstock, Georgia today to mourn the loss of 22-year-old Laken Riley, that's the nursing student who was murdered on the University of Georgia campus one week ago.Her family's pastor put out a statement today, saying, "When the world loses someone like Laken, who's light consistently shined so bright, it seemed that much darker in her absence. Laken was special."The private funeral service is likely just the start of some very heart wrenching moments for her family. Her suspected killer still has to stand trial.Jose Antonio Ibarra, an illegal immigrant from Venezuela is facing numerous charges that includes malice murder, felony murder, kidnapping, and hindering a 911 call.According to recent court filings, Ibarra has decided not to seek bond at this time.Meantime, Athens Clarke County District Attorney Deborah Gonzalez has now appointed a special prosecutor to this case. It was after facing mounting criticism about her ability to handle such a high-profile case.Gonzalez said in a statement, "We will not allow this or any other case to be used for political gain. Our top priority is the safety of every citizen and we are fully committed to ensuring that justice is serve for the loss of every life."And Jonathan, this case is still getting a lot of national attention, including from Republican members of Congress, who are demanding the Biden administration released more information on Ibarra. They have given DHS a deadline of March 12th to respond to that request. Jonathan.HUNT: Ashley, thank you.For more on the crisis of illegal immigration. Let's bring in California Congresswoman, Young Kim. Congresswoman, thank you very much for being here.I just want to play for our viewers what President Trump said when he was at the border yesterday about this specific case.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: She was beautiful -- just so beautiful in so many ways and brutally assaulted horrifically beaten, kidnapped, and savagely murdered. The monster that charged in the death is an illegal alien migrant who was led into our country and released into our communities by crooked Joe Biden. He is crooked.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: Led into our country and released into our communities by President Biden. Is that fair?REP. YOUNG KIM (R-CA): It is a very statement. And probably, we can say even more harsh words. Look, this border crisis is worse than we know. It is all because of the Biden administration's failed policy. First of all, I want to offer my sincere condolences to the loved ones of Laken Riley, because you know, I'm a mom, I'm a grandma. And my heart breaks, because this could be anyone.Look, last year alone, ICE arrested nearly 75,000 illegal migrants. And you know, they were charged with 300,000 crimes, that's almost four per person. And also, ICE also, apprehended 275 illegal migrants, who are sex offenders, just in the last two weeks in the last month.These are the actual numbers that we're seeing. I want to bring it back to the more-closer to my home. I represent South Orange County areas, its -- which is close to San Diego.HUNT: Sure.KIM: Just, you know, it's just a couple hours away. And I work very closely with Orange County, San Diego, you know, sheriff departments too.They tell me the amount of fentanyl that we apprehended has gone up. Just in the 2021 to 2023 by 4,000 percent.HUNT: Yes.KIM: That's from 60,000 to 650,000 pills. And this is really alarming because we are trying to contain and go after Chinese syndicates that are bringing precursors that goes into making fentanyl that is killing our Americans every day.HUNT: No doubt there is a big problem of drug smuggling coming across the border as well. President Biden has repeatedly said, and the White House has said, he needs the cooperation of Congress, specifically, Republicans in Congress to fix this.This is what he said when he was also down at the border yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: So, here is what I would say to Mr. Trump: Instead of playing politics with the issue, instead of telling members of Congress to block this legislation, join me or I'll join you in telling the Congress to pass this bipartisan border security bill. We can do it together.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: So, we can do it together. Isn't he right, at least to some extent that this has been a problem for decades? Yes, it may be getting worse. But yes, Republicans have to work with Democrats. His argument has been Republicans like this is an election issue.KIM: Well, where was he for the last three years?In the three years he is been, he created this -- the border crisis. He has the tools at his disposal. Only if he will reinstate the policies that worked. Bring back the Remain in Mexico and Title-42. I went down to the border four times. President Biden reluctantly went down there twice.And I hope that he has actually met with the Border Patrol agents who gave him an earful about the challenges in the crisis that we see every single day, and he has the tools.HUNT: Yes.KIM: If he can bring exercise 60 executive orders, he can certainly use another executive order to bring back these policies and stop these illegal migrants coming over the southern border.HUNT: Congresswoman, it's always a pleasure to have you on set here with us. Thank you for being here this evening.KIM: Thank you for having me.HUNT: First up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP", new documents from the investigation into Jeffrey Epstein's abuse of underage girls, now expected to be released to the public later this year.Grand Jury transcripts will be available after Florida Governor Ron DeSantis signed a law in what he said was a move made in the interests of justice. These documents are from a deal that Epstein cut with federal prosecutors in 2008 that allowed him to escape severe charges at the time.Oprah Winfrey is stepping down from the board of WeightWatchers after disclosing use of medication to lose weight. She is expected to donate her shares in the company worth about 12 million to eliminate any perceived conflict of interest.Two St. Louis, Missouri residents taking the city to court, claiming officials ignored their request to remove a homeless encampment outside their homes.The residents say they went through three years of pungent odors and obscene actions. They also claimed the mayor, a Democrat told the police to not intervene.Republican Steve Garvey and Democrat Adam Schiff are now in a statistical tie to fill California's open Senate seat. That's according to a new poll from U.C. Berkeley's Institute of governmental studies.The top two vote getters in next week's primary will advance to a runoff in November.Let's bring in now one of the Democratic candidates for Senate here in California, Christina Pascucci. Good to see you, Christina.CHRISTINA PASCUCCI (D), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE, CALIFORNIA: Good to see you, Jon.HUNT: And California GOP chairwoman Jessica Millan Patterson. Great to have you here too.Christina, let me ask you first as we're talking about the Senate race. Top two go through.PASCUCCI: Yes.HUNT: As we look at the moment, as though you're going to make the top two. Are you still confident?PASCUCCI: No, no. I -- right now, I'm tied for fifth. That's a whole other story. I mean, I've been shunned by even the Democratic Party. I think I'm too moderate in a lot of ways.But what I want to bring attention to and what I think is so important, we need to sound the alarm bells, because right now Adam Schiff's plan is working out. And the irony is that people who don't want Adam are celebrating with this latest poll that you just showed, they think that Garvey is leading in the race.HUNT: Yes.PASCUCCI: But this is his plan. This is why he spent $11 million to boost Steve Garvey's name to show ads that actually appealed to Republicans, because he knows that if it's him versus Garvey, when it comes in November, he will beat Garvey, and Adam Schiff be our next U.S. Senator.(CROSSTALK)HUNT: Yes. Just --PASCUCCI: A vote for Schiff is a vote -- a vote for Garvey is a vote for Schiff.That HUNT: That seems fair in California, doesn't it?Jessica, your candidate, although he may make it through according to these polls, doesn't really stand a chance in November, does he?PATTERSON: Well, we're seeing quite a turn here in California. In fact, voter registration numbers have been amazing in the last two reports. While California Republicans have picked over up over 100,000 new Republicans, Democrats have lost about 70,000.Yes, it's an uphill battle. But you've got a candidate like Steve Garvey, who's an outsider, who isn't affiliated necessarily with the long-standing Republican Party.He's affiliated with Californians, whether it was a Dodger or San Diego Padre, or I was just in the county of Tulare, today, where a junior high is named after him.Californians are identifying with someone like Steve Garvey, because the Democrats that are actually leading and actually have a chance to make it into the general election, are talking about D.C. insider stuff.They are not talking about the crime. They are not talking about the homeless crisis. They are not talking about the expensiveness that it is here in California. And that is because they have caused many of these problems.HUNT: Yes.PATTERSON: Having an outsider like Steve Garvey really has a shot.HUNT: Christina, you've obviously talked to more voters than most of us during this campaign. Do you get the sense that there is a move in any way towards the right in California as a state among voters?PASCUCCI: I do -- I do think that voters are fed up with what they see in California. But California as a whole is way too left to elect a Republican in a statewide race. And that is the numbers show it there is zero doubt in my mind on that front.It is extremely important to have a Democrat. More of a JFK are Democrat, who brings back common sense, who believes in securing the border, who believes in fighting crime and being pro-business, things like that.That is what Californians are craving and that would be the only type of Democrat that would stand a chance against Adam Schiff in November.HUNT: We, Jessica, are going to have on in a few short minutes, two of the leading candidates to replace George Gascon as D.A., if George Gascon cannot win a second term.They are both Democrats. Again, Republicans don't seem to stand a chance in that race either.PATTERSON: Well, I think certainly, you know, what we have seen with Democrats and what they have been serving up in Deep Blue cities like L.A. it's not working. So, if you want to continue to get what you've always got, you're going to continue to vote for what you've been voting for.If you want something different, you're going to have to do something different.HUNT: But do you think they'll do anything different? I mean, Gascon at the moment in the D.A.'s race is leading.PASCUCCI: Yes, he is leading. But I think that that's because you have so many candidates right now. You have 10-plus candidates in the D.A.'s race, and they are dividing up the vote.Ultimately, I don't think Gascon will be victorious in November. I do think there is a huge shift away from that. People are saying, enough is enough. You have all these kinds of subgroups that are rising right now of moderate Democrats, independents, even moderate Republicans joining forces saying, we don't like the direction California is going.Now, I don't think it's enough to go red, but it is -- the tide is changing. to an extent.HUNT: You're about to walk off set and see them Jon Hatami or Jeff Chemerinsky for D.A.PATTERSON: Thankfully, I don't have to vote in L.A. County.HUNT: Yes. Christina?PASCUCCI: I've worked with Jon for a long time. I respect all the candidates. Honestly, I think anyone. But Gascon would be better considering what we've seen in our county in our city of Los Angeles. But I did publicly just say that I support Hatami and McKinney.HUNT: Just quickly to wrap it up. No red wave in California coming anytime soon.PATTERSON: Well, I think we have a lot of opportunities. You know, we picked up five congressional seats in the last two cycles, more than any other state in the nation. And we're going on the offence and three additional wins. So, California is going to play a major role in deciding on the House again.HUNT: All right, we shall see. Great to have you both here. Jessica, Christina, thank you so much.PASCUCCI: Thank you.HUNT: Coming up, as I just mentioned, two of the leading candidates to replace L.A.'s progressive district attorney, George Gascon join us live.We'll see what they have to say about Gascon's claim the crime is on the decline.And later in the "NIGHTCAP". Have you ever seen someone pushing a stroller from far away and assume there was a baby inside only to get closer and see it was their pet? What do you think about people taking their pets for walks in strollers?And what is one thing you do to spoil your pet, by the way? We're going to have a puppy on set. Now, you have to come back. Let us know your thoughts on social media, X and Instagram @foxnewsnight. Weigh in, we'll show you the results. Read the responses in the "NIGHTCAP". And did I mention a puppy? Coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HUNT: No less than 11 challenges are taking on progressive and controversial. Los Angeles County District Attorney George Gascon in Tuesday's primary contest.Matt Finn is back here in our L.A. studio with an election day preview.Matt, good evening.FINN: Good evening, Jonathan. A recent poll shows that 51 percent of voters here in Los Angeles disapprove of L.A. County D.A. George Gascon's performance. Many are outraged over what they consider his soft on crime policies, which includes his policy that bars enhance punishment for gang members.FOX11's Elex Michaelson moderated a debate in Beverly Hills in which a mother confronted Gascon about those policies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)EMMA RIVAS, MOTHER OF MURDERED SON: My child was killed by a gang member, and you had more sympathy for that gang member than my child who was killed in front of my home. Can you explain to me because I've been looking for you for four years?GEORGE GASCON, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, LOS ANGELES COUNTY: Look, I'm broken harder for your loss. OK? Yes, I am.You know, the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. We as a country, and we as a community have been doing the same thing for generations.FINN (voice over): Tonight, there are 11 candidates challenging Gascon. And nearly all of them completely disagree with his progressive policies.JOHN MCKINNEY, CANDIDATE, FOR LOS ANGELES DISRICT ATTORNEY: When you say the definition of insanity is repeating something that didn't work. What did you talking about?ERIC SIDDALL, CANDIDATE, FOR LOS ANGELES DISRICT ATTORNEY: When we look at violence, about 70 percent of violence in our city occurs in a very small percentage of neighborhoods. When we lower violence levels in those neighborhoods, you know, who are the beneficiaries? Black men, primarily; Latinos, primarily, because that's whose lives are actually saved when we do this.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: Now, Gascon says violent crime has recently dropped, but it is still above pre-pandemic levels.As you well know, Jonathan, Fox asked Gascon for an interview, but he declined.HUNT: Yes. We asked him again just this week. We asked him to join us this evening in that -- tonight. Thanks, Matt.Now, two of the challengers who did say yes to our invitation are joining us right here in studio tonight. They are two of the top challengers. They're both running as Democrats. Will be it. I think it's fair to say from slightly different wings of the party, Jonathan Hatami and Jeff Chemerinsky.Before we talk with them, given that Mr. Gascon would not join us tonight. Let's hear from him, anyway.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GASCON: We're in a much better place today than we were four years ago.We're dealing with violence and, in fact, violence has come down, was clearly indicates that the work that we're doing is not necessarily it doesn't cause crime to go up.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: So, let's start with you, Jon. You've been the, one of the most outspoken critics, I would say, of the District Attorney for quite some time now. Where has he gone wrong?JONATHAN HATAMI (R), L.A. DISTRICT ATTORNEY CANDIDATE: He's gone wrong in pretty much everything. We have so many victims and survivors and surviving family members who feel abandoned by George Gascon's policies. He's failed to protect victims. He's failed to protect retail companies. He's failed to protect businesses. We have an increase in smash and grab burglaries.We have an increase in retail theft. We have an increase in restaurant burglaries and restaurant robberies. We have a major increase in hate crimes. There is nothing that George Gascon has done good being the D.A. in Los Angeles. He has pretty much failed everybody. He doesn't prioritize public safety. Almost everybody feels unsafe in Los Angeles as a result of George Gascon's 3.5 years being as the District Attorney.HUNT: Jeff, it strikes me that politically speaking, you are perhaps a little closer to the George Gascon side of the Democratic Party, but you say too that he has failed L.A. How so in your view?JEFF CHEMERINSKY (D), L.A. DISTRICT ATTORNEY CANDIDATE: Well, first, thank you so much for having me tonight, Jonathan. I think this is an incredibly important election and I appreciate you having me on tonight. I am a lifelong Democrat and I'm also a prosecutor. I spent the last 9.5 years as a federal prosecutor at the United States Attorney's Office.Most recently, I was chief of the violent crime section at the U.S. Attorney's Office, overseeing all violent crime prosecutions for the federal government, not just for L.A. County, but for a population of 19 million people total. I have both policy and leadership critiques of the way George Gascon has gone about his job. I think he's failed with his policies.He issued a series of abrupt and inflexible policies that weren't well thought out. In terms of his leadership, he's largely become an isolated leader. What I saw at the U.S. Attorney's Office, for example, was that law enforcement really didn't want to partner with him. It would often bring me in the U.S. Attorney's Office their cases because they didn't believe in his leadership or his partnership. And I think that's really failed the people of this county.HUNT: John, you've spoken about that as well, and I think it's well known throughout L.A. County that there has not been a good relationship between the D.A. and law enforcement on many levels. Is it, as Jeff says, a failure of leadership on the D.A.'s part?HATAMI: You know, I think there's a lot of differences between Jeff and I. Number one, you know, Jeff's dad was on the transition team of George Gascon. I don't have any family member who has anything to do with George Gascon with the exception we want him out of Los Angeles. I have 20 police officer associations who have endorsed my campaign. As of right now, I know Jeff doesn't have any police officer associations who have endorsed his campaign, including the LAPD who has endorsed, the Beverly Hills Police Department has endorsed. George Gascon has completely failed all of us.Another big difference is, you know, if you torture and murder a child, or if you assassinate or kill a police officer, I believe in seeking the ultimate punishment in that case. I know Jeff doesn't believe in that as well. In addition to the fact that we've tried to recall George Gascon on two separate occasions, and I've been in the fight against him for the last 3.5 years. I know Jeff didn't support the recall. So, there is some differences.I do believe this, though. Jeff is exactly correct. The leadership of George Gascon is absolutely nothing. It's zero. I've spent 18 years in the District Attorney's office. Our morale is at the lowest. George Gascon has never prosecuted one single case in the District Attorney's office. We need someone who's going to step up and step forward and be a leader and take charge and actually bring public safety back to Los Angeles.HUNT: Jeff, Jon offered a critique of you there. I have to give you the chance to respond to that. Why are you the better candidate to be the next D.A.?CHEMERINSKY: Thank you, I really appreciate it. And I think what you're really talking about is about the dynamics of this race. And I think we all start with the reality that George Gascon is extremely unpopular. I think we just heard the numbers. But there's also the reality that L.A. County is a very blue county.And if George Gascon runs in a runoff against someone who is a Republican or can be painted as a Republican, George Gascon will get re-elected. That's simply the reality. And Mr. Hatami was previously a Republican. He's said some extremely conservative things publicly. And I think that trail will really hurt him if this becomes a Mr. Hatami versus Mr. Gascon runoff.HUNT: Why are you the best candidate?HATAMI: So, to be the district attorney, we have to be the district attorney for everyone. And I'm running for everyone. I'm running for Republicans. I'm running for Democrats; I'm running for Independents. I also fight for children who are tortured and murdered. Children have no political party.I've also been doing this for 18 years. I've also spent seven years in the United States Army as a veteran. People know me as a good person, as a person who's going to fight for justice, and as a person who's going to bring public safety to everyone. The District Attorney is a non-partisan position and it's non-partisan because everybody deserves public safety.If you're a Republican and your house gets broken into you deserve to be fought for. If you're a Democrat and you get sexually assaulted, you deserve to be fought for. And I think playing into that is playing into George Gascon's playbook and he used that to divide everyone. I am here to bring everyone together, Republicans and Democrats and say we all deserve to be safe here in Los Angeles.HUNT: Jeff.CHEMERINSKY: Can I respond to that?HUNT: Yes, please do, go ahead.CHEMERINSKY: Well, I would just point that Rick Caruso recently announced that he was supporting my campaign and he donated to my campaign.HUNT: Rick Caruso who ran for mayor here, very wealthy developer.CHEMERINSKY: that's right just so people know and he gave a public statement explaining why he was deciding to support my campaign. And he gave two reasons. First, it was on Fox 11 News with Alex Michelson, and he said two reasons why he was supporting my campaign.First, that he had met with me and that he was impressed by my experience and my credentials to be the next district attorney. But second, that he understood the dynamics of LA politics and that he thought that I was well- suited and well-situated and positioned to be George Gascon in a runoff and he gave that heavy weight in making his decision to support my campaign.HUNT: Jon, just to drill down onto one issue quickly here, does immigration, the immigration crisis feed into the crime crisis here?HATAMI: I don't think so. I think in general we have to look at public safety and the fact of the matter is that you don't know exactly who's committing crime. It could be any individual, could be people who are here legally, people who are here illegally, but that plays really no part in public safety.In addition to the fact, if you're here legally or illegally and you're a victim, you deserve to be protected as well. So, I don't really see that as a big part as far as public safety goes. I think our issue with public safety is we have a D.A. who's not prosecuting crime and we need a DA who's going to stand up and actually do that.HUNT: A lot of voters everywhere across the country concerned about immigration though, Jeff, would you agree though it's not an issue here to play into this race?CHEMERINSKY: I agree. I don't really think it's the issue in this race. I think in this race, the number one issue is George Gascon's failed leadership. And the question of who's best situated to beat George Gascon and to be the next district attorney. And I believe that my vision in terms of being an experienced prosecutor and being a lifelong Democrat and someone who believes in criminal justice reform makes me the best person to be the next district attorney.HUNT: Jeff Chemerinsky, Jonathan Hatami, L.A. is well served by having both of you run for office. May the best man win. Thank you very much both for being here.HATAMI: Thank you for having me.HUNT: Talking of immigration, coming up, the owner of Lobos Boxing Club in Los Angeles, Eddie Arrazola, shares his experience as an immigrant from Colombia. Why he says America needs to wake up. And still ahead, an amazing rescue. Look at that, after a truck driver left dangling from a bridge over the Ohio River you don't want to miss that story and how it ends the day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HUNT: Back to America's ongoing struggle with the crisis over illegal immigration. Our next guest has some unique insight: Eddie Arrazola was born in Colombia and immigrated to the U.S. legally, settling here around high school age. He now owns his own thriving business here in L.A., Lobos Boxing Club.And Eddie, I talked to you a couple of times about this and I'm fascinated by what you have said to me. That this, although this has been a problem for decades, illegal immigration, it's different now. You grew up with a lot of the kind of young men that we see coming across the border. What do you say America needs to know about those?EDDIE ARRAZOLA, LOBOS BOXING CLUB OWNER: Well, it's a different level of crime that they're not used to. We have our certain level of crime in the U.S. It could be bad. There's a level of they don't care, they don't respect the law that we just aren't even able to process yet as Americans. You saw that there was a 15-year-old a shot a cop, didn't flinch.Some poor girl got murdered this week. They, they're coming from, from countries like Venezuela that are so poor that they can't afford bullets. Like, they're going to come over here this is going to be like a free for all for them. They, they are not scared of the cops, they are not scared of getting in trouble. And I don't think Americans are ready for that.HUNT: And we've seen that, for instance, with the, the Times Square beating of the of the two police officersARRAZOLA: If you would ask a few years ago that kids like that would just beat up a cop in the middle of a crowded street like that you'd be like absolutely that would never happen. They don't care. It's a different level and I don't think Americans are ready for it.HUNT: I want to remind our viewers of something then a candidate for President Donald Trump said back in June of 2015.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some, I assume, are good people. But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we're getting. And it only makes common sense. It only makes common sense. They're sending us not the right people.(END VIDEO CLIP) HUNT: Now, President Trump was criticized very heavily for those remarks, but Eddie, it is a statement of fact, it is a statement of absolute fact that rapists and murderers have come across. Now, that's among hundreds of thousands of good people, people who just want asylum, who genuinely want asylum, but as the family of Laken Riley would say, the University of Georgia student murdered, one is too many.ARRAZOLA: Well, the problem is, how are you supposed to verify who's who? When there's absolutely no organization, there's no way of knowing, you know, what people are criminals, what people have asylum. Most of the time, you see it's a bunch of men coming over, 18 to 25 years old, criminal records, sex offenders, sex traffickers, sometimes brought by the cartels, you have no idea who's coming. So, it puts American citizens in a very vulnerable state with criminals that have no fear of authority or getting in trouble.HUNT: And where does the mindset come from, like the kids beating up the cops in Times Square. What drives that mindset? You have that unique insight because you grew up with some of those people.ARRAZOLA: I think for the most part in the United States you grow up with some level of respect or fear of getting in trouble, consequence. There is no consequence over there. Like when I used to go visit Columbia or Venezuela especially, I'd visit friends and family in Venezuela, you'd get picked up at the airport with bottles of whiskey and the cops are, you know, they don't care what you do, they're driving drunk, they can have guns in the car, they can literally do anything they want.So, when they come here, they bring the same attitude that they had over there to the States -- they're not going to change because they came to a new country. And I don't think people understand, I think they think they're going to come over here and just assimilate and become Americans and start following orders, and it doesn't work like that.HUNT: Interesting. So, it's a simple respect for authority.ARRAZOLA: It's a respect for authority, and they're coming. I don't think people understand how bad Venezuela is right now. They were eating pets. They don't have money for anything. So, when they get here, they're going to go nuts, because they haven't seen this much availability to pretty much do anything they want. They're not going to be scared of cops.HUNT: Eddie, great to see you. Thank you. Always good to get such unique insights into the kind of immigrants who are coming across the border, at least in some measure. Thank you, Eddie.ARRAZOLA: Thank you.HUNT: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", watch this daring scene in Louisville, Kentucky, where rescuers repelled into action to save this semi-truck driver after a crash left her and her truck dangling off the side of the Clark Memorial Bridge. Just look at that. You can see the trailer of the truck wedged against the beams of the bridge, the only thing that stopped it from falling into the Ohio River. Officials said a car collision caused the truck to cross lanes and ultimately crash through the guardrail. We're happy it ended well.Speaking of crazy rescues, watch this heart-stopping moment when a snowmobiler realized he was about to be caught in an avalanche. Well, he did get stuck under the snow for several minutes, he was miraculously rescued and shared the tale and that crazy footage with us.If you have a viral video to share, hit us up @FoxNewsNight on social media.Up next, did I mention puppies? Would you take your pet for a walk in a stroller or is that a little too much? What is something you do for your pet that others would say is too much? The "NIGHTCAP" crew is here and that puppy, that puppy is going to be live in the studio. I can't wait.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HUNT: So, would you do this? Would you take Murphy? You'd take Murphy, I know you'd take Murphy. But would you take Murphy for a walk in a stroller? A lot of people are taking dogs for a walk in a stroller. This is Murphy. He's the cutest. Murph. So, the "NIGHTCAP" crew is going to weigh in. Kevin Corke is here, Ashley Strohmier, Eddie Arrazola, Matt Finn are all here, and little Murphy. Hi Murph. Hi Murph. Would you take this guy for a walk in a stroller, Kevin Corke?CORKE: OK, yes. Your dog, I might do that.HUNT: I can't hear Kevin.CORKE: That is the cutest dog ever. Yes, I probably would take your dog, but I would not take my own dog.HUNT: I can't hear Kevin. So, let's ask Matt Finn, who's rescued a lot of dogs in his time. Would you take Murphy in a stroller?FINN: I absolutely would. I completely understand anybody who thinks it's too much, but I think it's great to protect him from the heat and the shade sometimes. And you know when you want to go for a really long walk, and your dog just tires out and stops walking, but you want to keep going?HUNT: Yes.FINN: Throw them in the stroller.HUNT: You know, Eddie, I'd rather, I'd rather Murphy walked me in a stroller, I think, at my age.ARRAZOLA: I would take Murphy hunting. He looks like he'd be a really good hunting dog.HUNT: Eddie, by the way, has the cutest dog. Eleanor, getting a little older than Murph. Ashley Strohmier, what say you about dogs and strollers? Look at Murphy.STROHMIER: Look, if it makes the dog happy, I am all for it. I would do anything for my dog. And if I wanted to take a walk and she couldn't walk as far as I wanted to go, I would definitely put her in a stroller. I mean, I'll make no bones about it.HUNT: I would do anything for my little Cali Palooche, who's eight years old now and is going to need a stroller very soon. And Murphy, you are just the best. This, by the way, is our producer, Jessica Meadows new pup and really is the cutest thing on earth. Kevin, I'm sure -- I didn't get you but I know you love puppies and you love strollers, so the two together is your dream, I'm sure.Anyway, Murphy can you say goodnight? Goodnight everybody. Bye. Bye. OK, well thank you for being here for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Jonathan Hunt in Los Angeles. Murphy is right here. Trace Gallagher, you'll be pleased to know.