(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: We're out of time! Thanks to Guy Benson, Daved Angelo, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, Our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everybody. I'm Kevin Corke, in for Trace Gallagher.8:00 p.m. Out West, 11:00 here on the East Coast in Washington. And this is America's favorite late news "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT".Breaking tonight, President Trump just a stone's throw away from getting enough delegates to clinch the GOP nomination. With Nikki Haley now out of the race, next week's presidential primaries are expected to make it official.President Biden, meanwhile, will also become his party's nominee in the coming weeks.Marianne Rafferty, live in Los Angeles with how it will all work out, and what we can expect from here on out. Hey, Marianne.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Kevin.Yes, President Trump's Super Tuesday performance put him within reach of clinching his third Republican Party nomination for president with voters in a handful of states set to put Trump over the top.161 Republican delegates at stake between Georgia, Hawaii, Mississippi and Washington. The four states set to hold primaries this Tuesday with 125 days left until the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee.And with just 5-1/2 months left before the Democratic Convention, President Biden was in Philadelphia today fresh off his State of the Union address last night.He mentioned Trump several times today and said the former president is a threat to democracy. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Folks, our freedoms really are on the ballot this November. Donald Trump with the MAGA Republic do trying to take away our freedoms. That's not an exaggeration.RAFFERTY (voice over): Meanwhile, President Trump, using Biden's address to the nation to counter his talking points with play-by-play post, during the speech. And here is what he had to say after it concluded.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Joe Biden is on the run from his record and lying like crazy to try and escape accountability for the horrific devastation, he and his party have created all the while they continue the very policies that are causing this horror show to go.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAFFERTY (on camera): And with Nikki Haley out of the race, it should be smooth sailing for Trump to become the presumptive nominee. President Biden is expected to officially clinch re nomination by the Democratic Party on March 19th. Kevin.CORKE: Marianne, thank you. See you again in just a few. In the meantime, let's bring in our political panel.Senate Working Group executive director, James Kimmey, and GOP strategist Alex Degrasse.James, let me tee you up first on this. We obviously all watched the speech, and it was interesting on a number of different levels. I'll get you both to weigh in on that.But I want to begin by asking you about this hot mic moment. Listen carefully to how the president is sort of just coming in and out of a conversation, not realizing or not remembering that we can all hear. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MICHAEL BENNET (D-CO): We got to keep pushing, which you are doing on the humanitarian stuff. All that stuff is so important.BIDEN: I told them, Bibi -- and don't repeat this. But you and I are going to have a come-to-Jesus meeting.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why does Mr. Netanyahu need a come-to-Jesus meeting? What are you hoping to achieve?BIDEN: I didn't say that in the speech.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: After the speech.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What about after the speech?BIDEN: You guys eavesdropping on things.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: You guys eavesdropping on things. Your reaction to the non-answer to the question about a come-to-Jesus meeting with Bibi Netanyahu?JAMES KIMMEY, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, SENATE WORKING GROUP: Well, honestly, Kevin, I can't think of a more boring conversation than that between Mike Bennett and Joe Biden.And for the viewers at home who don't know who Mike Bennett is, don't worry, he's as effective in the Senate as I am in the gym.CORKE: OK.KIMMEY: But all jokes aside, I think what's really tragic from what we heard last night, and I think what the American people need to understand is that the Democrat Party is the party of Hamas. They are radically anti- Israel, radically anti-Semitic. And you see the rhetoric now coming from Joe Biden, we heard last night and what we've heard recently, that's a result of him having to pander to his base, because that's the direction that, that party is going.And, you know, it's a shame, Joe Biden has historically been pro-Israel, but his base is no longer.CORKE: And that's a real challenge for him moving forward. If we saw the protests just outside here, even as they were making their way over to the Capitol, it's going to be a big problem for them, and especially in places like Michigan and Minnesota.Alex, let me ask you about what the Wall Street Journal editorial board had to say about the speech, overall. It said this: "There was nothing here for Nikki Haley voters, or Republicans who don't want a second Trump term and might consider voting for Mr. Biden. In its divisiveness, it could have had the effect of encouraging the No Labels movement to go ahead with a third- party candidacy.Every bit as much as Donald Trump, the Joe Biden, and the well of the House on Thursday promised four more years of dispiriting rancor."Your reaction to what they had to say, are they right on the money?ALEX DEGRASSE, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST: So, I think the reality is that Joe Biden's running so far behind. The focus of this speech for him was to shore up his own base focus on changing that conversation among Democrats who have previously been pretty focused on talking about a replacement.You saw a lot of liberal outlets out there talking about another candidate, of course. I think the result of this speech was you're going to see less conversation about that. I think he is sort of galvanized his base.I think that's what he's focused on. I think he's running that far behind his unfortunately has to focus on that.So, I think independents and Republicans are looking at President Trump. I think the Nikki Haley voters, a lot of them are Democrats, of course, I think you saw that in the exit polls.CORKE: Indeed.DEGRASSE: So, I think either they won't vote, they'll go to Biden, or many, I think, will go to Donald Trump, of course, due to his policies.CORKE: I see a lot of people sort of overstated, I think her support during the primaries, because a lot of the areas where she had victories or very strong performances. These were open primaries, and a lot of Democrats were actually backing her. And I think it underscores what Alex is saying here, James.If you're going to reach out to those voters, the president had the bully pulpit. Did he take advantage? Or did he miss his shot?KIMMEY: Oh, yes, absolutely missed his shot. He was pandering to a specific demographic of people that would never vote anybody other than the Democratic nominee.CORKE: Yes.KIMMEY: And yes, last night was a campaign speech at best. Not a good one. But still, nonetheless, it wasn't a State of the Union. I don't think, you know, it helped him kind of bridge the gap and try to pull these traditional never-Trump voters who might be more moderate Republicans.CORKE: Right.KIMMEY: But Joe Biden's not going to get them.CORKE: Last thought for you, Alex. I'm just curious if you felt like there is any room here to modulate if you are the president, can you shift now and begin to broaden the tent? Or they content with the strategy they have?DEGRASSE: I think the issue for Joe Biden is his policies speak for themselves. I think voters understand and the polling shows that Joe Biden is responsible for the crisis that our country is in, whether it be on the economic side of things, the crime --(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Yes.DEGRASSE: The illegal immigration crisis. I think he's going to have to pick a broad reset. We didn't see it in the speech. I think he's going to struggle and continue to do very poorly in the polls.CORKE: Alex, James, thank you both very much. Appreciate you.KIMMEY: Thank you.DEGRASSE: Thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I'd be a winner -- not really.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- Laken Riley!BIDEN: Lincoln, Lincoln Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: For more reaction to President Biden's contentious State of the Union address, let's bring in Republican senator from the great State of Tennessee, Marsha Blackburn. Great to see you as always, my friend.SEN. MARSHA BLACKBURN (R-TN): Hello.CORKE: You know, there is so many ways, so many directions, we could go in this, and looking back at it. I think, though, I want to hit you with something that really struck a lot of people on the Democratic side of the aisle is sort of no bueno, if you'll pardon my expression.It's when the president reacted to being sort of prodded by Marjorie Taylor Greene to talk about Laken Riley, and what the president said really raised eyebrows.Listen to this, and I'll get your reaction on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you regret using the word illegal to describe immigrants last night, sir?BIDEN: Well, not probably. I don't regret it. Technically, not supposed to be here.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): We usually say undocumented, he said illegal. I don't think it's a big deal.His focus was on the sympathy for the family.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He probably should have used a different word, nothing he would know that.REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): He should have used the word undocumented. I don't believe that the president's heart is with the word, illegal.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: OK, a lot of unrest over the use of the expression.BLACKBURN: Yes.CORKE: The word illegal, i.e., unlawful, i.e., not supposed to be here. Your reaction to their reaction.BLACKBURN: As a term, is illegal alien.CORKE: That's right.BLACKBURN: That's a statutory term.CORKE: Yes.BLACKBURN: So, yes, indeed, the person is illegal. He is not undocumented, because this accused killer got parole from the Biden administration, which means, that they decided to grant him that special status, parolee, which gives him benefits and a work permit.And what you can say is he is an illegal alien, who is illegally in this country. But undocumented? No, that can't apply that to him.CORKE: You know, I'm so glad I get a chance to chat with you about this, because you have been at the forefront of this fight to secure our border to make sure that the people who are here are here lawfully.BLACKBURN: Yes.CORKE: And there's been a lot of sort of give and take with respect to who is actually seeking asylum and those who are simply just rushing across the border.Before we move on. I'm going to share this response from my Laken Riley's mother. Wince inducing to say the least if you're at the White House."Biden does not even know my child's name. It's pathetic! If you are going to say her name, even when forced to do so, at least say the right name!"You can feel the pain in the statement. It goes on she obviously said this, Allyson Phillips says -- she wrote this on Facebook in response to someone after they noted that Biden called her Lincoln, which by the way, is the name of football coach, and said he was trying to minimize her murder by invoking his son Beau's death from cancer.Painful to read. And I can only imagine how much more painful it was for the family.BLACKBURN: It had to be devastating for the family and for all of our angel families. Each and every one of them that are in this country who have lost a child, because an illegal alien in this country, murdered, raped, DUI, car accident, burglary, the list goes on and on, Kevin. And the fact is, they are not supposed to be here. There is a way to come to this country. We are a nation of laws. We abide by the rule of law. And we expect people that come here.But you know what Joe Biden has done since day one. 94 executive actions in the first 100 days to weaken the border, weaken immigration. Thousands of people who are from countries of interest, hundreds of terrorists that is - - have come to this country. An open border is his border policy. And that is more important to him than the safety and security of the people of the United States.CORKE: And this is a storyline that is playing out not just in places along the border per se. California, Arizona, and Texas.BLACKBURN: Right.CORKE: I mean, we're talking about all across the country here. It's a very big story.BLACKBURN: Absolutely.CORKE: And I know that you continue to fight for the American people on behalf of their interests. Senator, as always as a real pleasure. Great to see you.BLACKBURN: Good to see you. Thank you.CORKE: Thank you.President Biden heading right to the campaign trail today after that hugely political State of the Union address. This as former President Trump is likely about to face significant legal headwinds. Ashley Strohmier, live with all those details for us tonight. Hey, Ash.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Hi, Kevin. Yes. The 2024 presidential race is now down to two major candidates. The State of the Union is in the rearview mirror and President Biden and former President Trump are now focused on the road ahead.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BIDEN: Our freedoms really are on the ballot this November. Donald Trump with the MAGA Republic, they are trying to take away our freedoms.Well, guess what? We will not let him.STROHMIER (voice over): But Biden and Trump are both facing unfamiliar territory. Biden has to convince the electorate that's at 81 years old, he is still capable of running the country, something he tried to do during a visit to Pennsylvania today.BIDEN: I know you are thinking and I couldn't have been around very long. When you get to be my age, certain things become clearer.STROHMIER (voice over): That was just one of at least 20 stops Biden and Cabinet members are making in a post-State of the Union blitz to promote his economic agenda, and try to turn around an upside-down approval rating, which is far worse than any of his predecessors at the start of a reelection year.The pathway to the presidency for Trump also has many roadblocks. This includes for criminal indictments, and an increasing number of lawsuits to contend with. Just today, a U.S. appeals court in Washington, D.C. gave the green light to three civil lawsuits having to do with January 6th. Trump says Biden is to blame for his legal woes. Listen.TRUMP: Fight your fight, yourself. Don't use prosecutors and judges to go after your opponent to try and damage your opponent so you can win an election. Our country is much bigger than that.(END VIDEOTAPE)STROHMIER (on camera): And obviously, Kevin, all eyes will be on what the Supreme Court decides regarding presidential immunity. Arguments on that take place on April 25th. Back to you.CORKE: Yes, indeed. Ashley, thank you.Now for more on the legal and financial stakes former President Trump is facing, we want to bring in Washington Times legal affairs reporter and attorney, Alex Swoyer.All right, Chief, let me ask you about this E. Jean Carroll thing.I mean, the fact is, there was already one judgement, then, now, they are jumping on a bigger one. I'm wondering if this is like why isn't this double jeopardy not to go too deep into the political and legal woods?ALEX SWOYER, LEGAL AFFAIRS REPORTER, WASHINGTON TIMES: Right. So, interesting enough, a lot of legal experts I've talked to -- I've picked some lawyers brains about the appeal process here.CORKE: Yes.SWOYER: And, of course, he could appeal, right? That's the plan. And would the damages change? It's an uphill battle for him at this point. You have to really have a specialized defamation lawyer will see what they are able to do.But potentially, getting this case into federal court would be really be the goal. This judge has not been favorable to Trump. He needs to do what he can to get into federal court.And so, potentially, a due process challenge saying that this, this judgement is too high. It's violating my constitutional rights, that sort of thing. That might get him there, but it's a long shot.CORKE: Yes, that would be the strategy I would try to get too also.(CROSSTALK)SWOYER: And with the New York civil fraud case too.CORKE: Wel, absolutely. And I think, unfortunately, if you're the president's legal team, you probably already feel like you're not really getting much of a fair shake in the Empire State.POLITICO said this about the E. Jean Carroll case. It says, "Former President Donald Trump has obtained a bond that will prevent E. Jean Caroll from immediately enforcing an $83.3 million defamation verdict while Trump appeals. Trump said in court papers Friday that he had secured the $91.6 million bond, which is higher than the verdict itself, because it covers interest. The notice coming one day after Judge Lewis Kaplan denied Trump's motion to put off a Monday deadline for him to post the bond."What would be the thinking behind if you're the judge, denying Him a chance to postpone it? I mean, is there some reason to rush? And it seems fairly quick to me.SWOYER: It would seem fair that this would need to be approved. And that the whole reason to have a bond is to give him a fair shake to this appeal. One other aspect of this too, is an appeal process is so long and drawn out. A lot of times parties try to settle the damages between themselves like well, how about we go down X amount.CORKE: Right.SWOYER: But here, we're dealing with E. Jean Carroll and Trump. I don't know if that's a possibility. But that might be a more speedy goal.CORKE: Let me ask you about this Fox News poll. I think you'll give us good perspective on this. It says best describes your view of Trump legal charges. 54 percent say legitimate. 45 percent say politically motivated. Does that surprise you at all?SWOYER: A little bit. Most people I talk to are overwhelmed by two things. One, it's the documents case down at -- out of Mar-a-Lago.CORKE: Yes.SWOYER: They say, what about others that have had documents? They point to Biden, they point to Pence, they point to Hillary's use of her private e- mail, that sort of thing.So, they think that one looks a little unfair. And most of all, it's the sheer volume of cases.CORKE: Right.SWOYER: We talked about the Empire State, the two cases there that he is looking at. The two from the special prosecutor, right, Jack Smith.CORKE: Georgia.SWOYER: And Georgia. I mean, it's just the list goes on.CORKE: And I think the fact that they were sort of back end loaded. They waited until this right moment right before the ramp up to the election to sort of like put them all out there at the same time.I think there is obviously a sizable number of people in the country who feel like this is politically motivated.Alex, as always, a real pleasure. Great to see you, my friend.SWOYER: Great to see you.CORKE: Have a great weekend.Breaking tonight, a federalized National Guard helicopter, working a border support mission has crashed near Rio Grande City, Texas. That crashed killing two National Guard soldiers and one Border Patrol agent.Another soldier was aboard and was injured in that crash.B.P. sources -- that's Border Patrol sources tell Fox News tonight that chopper was from the New York National Guard. Of course, as we get more updates on this story, we promise to pass them along as we get them.Meantime, yet another case to tell you about tonight of an illegal immigrant being arrested for violent crimes here in the U.S. The latest example involves a migrant from Mexico, detained in Virginia in connection with the abduction and sexual assault of a teenage girl.Here is correspondent Alexandria Hoff.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)RICHARD JONES, SHERIFF, BUTLER COUNTY, OHIO: We have no idea where these people are, what they are doing, then, they disappear, and it's destroying us.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Roughly 1,500 miles from the U.S. Mexico border, Butler County, Ohio Sheriff Richard Jones was hell bent on tracking down a Mexican national.A tip came in at 43-year-old Isauro Garcia Cruz was allegedly sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl.JONES: The hunt was on. And that's what we do, we're the police.HOFF (voice over): That hunt led to Forrest, Virginia where the two were found this week.Cruz was charged with abduction and various sex crimes involving a minor.Investigators are also looking to possible human trafficking because, like Cruz, the victim entered the U.S. illegally.Authorities say she had been placed in the care of a sponsor who happened to be Cruz's undocumented girlfriend. But the Health and Human Services Department, Ohio immigration attorney Charleston Wang says he is baffled by this case.CHARLESTON WANG, IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY, OHIO: They are a Washington, D.C. based federal agency. They are not boots on the ground, so to speak in this area of child protection.HOFF (voice over): Last year alone, HHS released more than 113,000 unaccompanied minors to sponsors. the Office of Refugee Resettlement states, "Sponsors are adults who are suitable to provide for the child's physical and mental well-being and have not engaged in any activity that would indicate a potential risk to the child."But Sheriff Jones questions how accurate background checks are when sponsors and their housemates are also undocumented. He is working now to get Cruz back to Ohio.JONES: He is going to taste our prison system, and he is not going to like it.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOFF (on camera): We did reach out to HHS to find out if sponsors are required to be lawful U.S. residents. And if not, how many are undocumented? So far, we have not heard back. Kevin?CORKE: Alex. Thank you so much. Appreciate that.Coming up, a high school basketball story we brought you earlier this week about a call from the refs that cost a team a trip to the state championship. Well now, you guessed it, there is a lawsuit.And later on in the "NIGHTCAP" more vacationers say they want a true break to rest and recharge during the time off. You know, their do-nothing vacations have no schedule, no trips here and there, no beach trips, no surfing, and kayaking. No foodie tours. What do you think about all that? We want to know what you think and what your vacations might look like?Let us know. Go to X and Instagram @foxnewsnight. We want you to weigh in. And, of course, we'll show you the best responses later on in the broadcast on the "NIGHTCAP".Meantime, it is 11:20 here on the East Coast. And here is a FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "TRIP ACROSS AMERICA".First, a live look at Carlisle, Pennsylvania, home to former NBA player Billy Owens that for the Cabal.Meantime, over to Omaha, Nebraska. Omaha! That's where the Reuben sandwich was invented back in 1925. Love that.Finally, a live look at the Emerald City, Seattle, Washington, where apparently, at one point they had more cats and dogs than children. They may still have that.So, don't forget. If you can't join us live, don't forget to set your DVR and watch us anytime.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: And welcome back, everybody. 26 minutes after the hour. We have an update tonight to the story that Trace first brought you back on Wednesday, about that wild controversial finish to a New Jersey high school boys basketball playoff game.Marianne Rafferty back with the latest on a lawsuit on behalf of the boys who were undone by a blown call, Marianne.RAFFERTY: Yes, unbelievable.You know, when we debated whether or not the refs made the right call on our "NIGHTCAP" segment the other night, there were a lot of mixed reactions from the "NIGHTCAP" crew and also from our viewers, with many saying the ball was clearly in the air when that buzzer went off. Then, as the fans went wild after the shot, the team's playoff dreams were shattered when a ref said it was no good.Now, that school district is suing over the blown call, which cost the Jersey Shore school a shot at the playoffs.In a statement the Manasquan school district says it will exercise its discretion to remedy a situation that was so obvious. The New Jersey State interscholastic Athletic Association has apologized for the error, but said the call would not be overturned.So, the school's lawsuit is asking for injunctive relief and for the championship game that they would have played in on Saturday to be put on halt. Kevin.CORKE: Wow. We'll have to follow that one. Marianne, thank you. We'll see you in the "NIGHTCAP".In the meantime, we want to bring in the Parents Defending Education V.P. Caroline Moore, and Fairfax County, Virginia Public Schools Parents, Stephanie Lundqvist Aurora. Great to have had you both with us.Listen, I have to say, as a former high school athlete, and coming from a big family full of athletes, I have seen how things have changed in the field of play. People talk about a big game like we just saw there in New Jersey to the fact that now, there are transgender athletes competing with girls and some people feel like they're really being disenfranchised each and every day.Let me begin with you, Caroline. I want to share this from the lawsuit, Blakeman versus James. "It is undeniable that men have received more recognition in sports and have been afforded," that is, "vastly greater opportunities to participate in sports, especially in the world of professional sports. Biological girls and women work tirelessly to differentiate themselves and gain recognition as female athletes." It goes on, "If biological men are allowed to compete with biological females, it erases all the hard-earned progress, and more importantly, creates an unsafe and dangerous environment for those biological females to play in. Historically, women and girls received fewer athletic opportunities, scholarships, and funds."Right on the money or misguided?CAROLINE MOORE, VICE PRESIDENT, PARENTS DEFENDING EDUCATION: Absolutely on the money. I think that's what the whole discussion about Title IX is really about. It's protecting women's sports and women's spaces, because of scholarship opportunities, you know.And by having biological men participate with biological females in sports, not only is it unfair and unsafe for the females who are playing, but really, I mean, it takes away scholarship opportunities for them, and, you know, takes away placements, whether it's, you know, first, second, or third place in a sport that they've been achieving every single year.You know, once a biological man comes in, all of a sudden, you know, less females, you know, standing on the pedestal.CORKE: Yes. And listen, Riley Gaines has been outspoken and she has talked about that. And I think it's not just college athletics. We're even talking about now possibly Olympic athletics being impacted by this, Stephanie.Let me share this from Campus Reform. Pretty interesting. "Male swimmer Meghan Cortez-Fields has been breaking women's swimming records after starting to compete in women's event at Ramapo College in New Jersey." I hope I'm saying that correctly."Achieving a school record time of 2:08:20 in the 200-meter competition at the New Jersey Athletic Conference Championships. Cortez-Fields swam for the men's team for three years, transitioning to women's swimming last November and quickly setting multiple records for the college." It has got to be really, I mean, if you're a mom, you have boys who I'm sure would love to be able to compete fairly. And if you had daughters, they would want the same thing. And that does not seem like this is a fair level of competition.STEPHANIE LUNDQUIST-ARORA, INDEPENDENT WOMEN'S NETWORK: That's absolutely the case and I wonder, I have sons who play lacrosse for example and I was along the fields and there were parents talking about the prospect of their sons getting lacrosse scholarships and other scholarships for that matter. And the one thing that they said and they were kind of making fun of this idea that you especially in swimming you have these people who are competing first as males, as men, and then they are competing against the women.CORKE: Yes.ARORA: And they said, well, maybe if our sons competed against women, they could get scholarships. And they were just kidding, but they were making a mockery of this. And so, I wonder what these men are thinking. Is it that, and I think this is Riley Gaines' philosophy, are they subpar swimmers and they're just dissatisfied with the times and the placement that they're getting? So, then, they switch and they think that they can have an unfair advantage against women? I'm not really sure. I'd be curious.CORKE: No, I think that's a legitimate point, and if I could, Caroline, just to sort of dovetail off something Stephanie said, listen, we're talking about opportunities here. We're talking real dollars, scholarships. Hey, if your daughter or your son, in this case, they're competing, they're working hard, and then suddenly they have to compete against someone who's biologically male, they may miss out on a scholarship opportunity because they didn't place on the top three on the podium.CAROLINE MOORE, PARENTS DEFENDING EDUCATION: No, it's so true, and I think you know when Title IX came into effect, it allowed a lot more females to go to school who wouldn't have otherwise gone, wouldn't have otherwise been able to go to college because it afforded them opportunities they wouldn't have had otherwise.And so, by taking these rights away from women is really what you're doing, you're taking the spots away from them, you're taking their rights to have, you know, a protected sport, I think it's, you know, it's very scary. And I really do think it's the subpar male athletes that are trying to, you know, get a spot on the women's team.CORKE: This is something that's not just a major conversation, a topic of discussion in sports, I think politics are also sort of broadening this conversation and more and more people want to keep having it because the truth is, if you have a daughter or if you're a female and you're an athlete, you are at a disadvantage regardless of what other people are saying. Ladies, thank you so very much. We appreciate your time here tonight.Coming up, Miami Beach officials are cracking down on spring breakers and surprise, surprise, not everybody is happy about it. We'll tell you about that.And also, still ahead, these polar bears are happy with their swim break. And this baseball team gives a noteworthy performance. It's the day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS coming up next.But first, a live look at Earth Cam as we take a peek at Lakewood, Ohio, founded back in 1889. Looking good.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: 38 minutes after the hour now. Miami Beach officials cracking down on spring breakers and not everybody is happy about it. In fact, one county commissioner claims that the city is targeting black visitors. Correspondent Danamarie McNicholl has that story from South Florida.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Florida is making it very clear.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This isn't working anymore.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And it's not us, it's you.MCNICHOLL: They are breaking up with Spring Break. Last year's chaos drew large crowds that led to violence. Two people were fatally shot. Police made over 500 arrests and confiscated more than 100 guns.GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): We're a law-and-order state. Florida is a very welcoming state. We welcome people to come and have a good time. What we don't welcome is criminal activity.MCNICHOLL: Visitors can expect curfews, bag checks, restricted beach access, DUI checkpoint and $100 parking fees with strong police activity to stop the violence and lawlessness they saw last year.Not everyone is onboard. A Miami-Dade County Commissioner called the city's message tone deaf, implying Miami Beach was targeting black visitors and trying for them to visit.KEON HARDEMON, MIAMI-DADE COUNTY COMMISSIONER: Miami Beach is, to me, making itself out to be a place that is unwelcoming to a complete group of people during a certain time, without regard to individuals.MCNICHOLL: Officials in Miami say this crackdown is against crime, not visitors.OFC CHRISTOPHER BESS, MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA POLICE: We police conduct, not color. So, if you decide to come to our city, we expect you to act accordingly.MCNICHOLL: But some visitors say they aren't going to sit this year out.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Honestly, I think breaking up with Spring Break is pretty lame, but like Fort Lauderdale's jumping, it's really lit.MCNICHOLL (on camera): I'm standing on Ocean Drive where this time last year it would have been packed on a Friday night. Now, it's relatively quiet. The beaches, we're seeing the same thing. It's mostly families. Some spring breakers we spoke to say if it remains this calm, they're heading up north to Fort Lauderdale. Kevin?(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Appreciate that, Danamarie. Appreciate you very much. Meantime, on this International Women's Day, we want to discuss some of the biggest women's issues of the day with psychiatrist and public health expert, Dr. Yalda Safai. So great to have you with us, my friend. I appreciate you spending time.Before I dive into women's health as it relates to the healthcare profession, which I think you probably have some really strong thoughts on, I just want to run this anti-spring break PSA out of Miami and get your reaction, because as someone who used to live in Miami, I can tell you it can be overwhelming. So, first, let me play this clip. I'll get your reaction on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: All right, do you have a good time? It's relaxing on the beach.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hitting up the spot.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Or checking out a new restaurant.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You just want to get drunk in public and ignore laws and don't try to apologize and come crawling back. This isn't safe, so we're done.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: A blunt message from the folks down in the 305, your thoughts on what Miami is saying to Spring Breakers.DR. YALDA SAFAI, PSYCHIATRIST: A little aggressive message, but you know, if you look at the big picture here, I think every single state is dealing with its own uptick in crime, and they're doing what they think is right for them to try to combat this problem. I mean, New York is coming up with its own set of laws and rules, and it might be a trial and error process, but I think this is, they're just doing what they think is best for their state and we'll see how this plays out. I know there's a lot of anger right now but it could overall lead to decrease in crime. We don't know. I'm just saying it's good to keep an open mind.CORKE: Yes, speaking of trying to keep an eye on what's happening let me ask you about New York, a place you're very familiar with, and the crime circumstance up there -- look I don't have to tell you -- it is beyond out of control. To the point now where the governor there, Kathy Hochul, has decided to enlist the services of the National Guard to protect the subways for New Yorkers.I have a clip here, I want to get your reaction on the back side of that one. Keeping this in mind, Eric Adams has been complaining about, we are under siege, we have no more room at the inn when it comes to illegal migrants, and yet the crime situation which may or may not be directly impacted by that migration is overwhelming the city. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): I'm redeploying nearly 1,000 members of the New York State Police, MTA Police, and MTA National Guard to conduct bag checks in the city's busiest transit stations.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, it is random, and we need it. And if you don't have a problem, what's the problem? Just open your bag. You know, we have to do it at the movies anyway, you know, because when you go to a movie, you have to open up your bag to make sure you don't have a firearm so you don't shoot up the movie theater.(END VIDEO CLIP) CORKE: Wow, that's tough to hear. Literally, if you're not from New York and you hear that, it just boggles the mind. Movie theaters. I've heard of airports. Now, it's movie theaters. Now, it's subways. Your thoughts on what the governor's decided to do.SAFAI: You know you're absolutely right and I live in New York City right now and I ride the subway every day. And Kevin I'm in constant fear of being attacked on the subway. We know there's been an uptick in crime in the subway system and the reasons for that are really complex. I think New York is also just doing what it thinks is right to combat the uptick in violence.You know, the citizens of New York have been complaining over and over again that the governor is not doing enough to protect the citizens, they're not combating crime enough. So, this is an aggressive measure, sure, deploying the National Guard and doing bag checks on everybody in the subway, but they're starting somewhere.CORKE: They're starting somewhere, and look, it's about taking care of all of us, but in particular, our women and our country, International Women's Day. I wanted to ask you so much more about your thoughts about why this is such an important day. We've run short of time, but I promise I'll have you back, my friend. Always a pleasure to see you, Doctor, and whatever you do, be safe up there in New York City.SAFAI: Thank you.CORLE: Meantime, we want you folks at home to prepare for springing forward. That's right, daylight saving time kicking off this weekend. Now, as you probably know by now, there's been an effort in Congress to abolish this practice of switching the clocks two times each year. But that time marches on. Here's congressional correspondent, Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEW CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Kevin, time doesn't change. It's finite. The sands of time forever flowing. Yet Congress can change the time. Which is why we change the clocks twice a year.Article I Section 8 of the Constitution grants Congress the authority to fix the standard of weights and measures. That's why the Senate passed a bill two years ago to permanently park the country on daylight saving time year-round.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is there objection? Without objection, so ordered.PERGRAM: The Senate voted to abandon standard time, but it wasn't a sign of the times. With wars raging, illegal immigration surging, time expired on the bill in the House.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think daylight saving time is the least of our worries.REP. RALPH NORMAN (R-SC): Time is not, I think, not one of the ones that people would bring up as being something on top of their minds.SEN. MAZIE HIRONO (D-HI): But we do have a few other things that I'm really concerned about, like saving democracies.PERGRAM: But everyone complains about losing an hour when we spring forward.SEN. ROGER MARSHALL (R-KS): I don't like, I'm always afraid I'm going to miss church on that Sunday morning we make the switch.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'll be catching a flight early in the morning on Sunday morning, so I want to make sure my clocks are right, so I don't miss my flight.PERGRAM: That's why some lawmakers say halting the biannual clock change is an idea whose time has come.A bipartisan bill by Massachusetts Democrat Ed Markey and Florida Republican Marco Rubio would do just that.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): It's hard on business people, it's hard on workers when you're shifting the time. There's a loss in efficiency and productivity, so, you know, let's pick one.PERGRAM: But clocks keep ticking.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): Father time remains undefeated.PERGRAM (on camera): Except when it comes to Capitol Hill. Only Congress can turn back time. Which is why 2:00 becomes 1:00 in the fall. Kevin.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Chad Pergram, as always. Thank you, sir.46 after the Hour. First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS." A pair of sisters having a very good time. Two polar bears showing off their strength in a tug-of-war at an Oregon zoo. The animals splashing around using their jaws to wrestle over the white rope. Go girls!Finally, check this out. A talented team called the Savannah Bananas. It's an exhibition baseball team in Florida. They're going viral for their remake of a dirty dancing scene. The players going above and beyond dancing to "I've had the Time of My Life". You see how they're going around the field. Pretty cool actually. Looks like a five-star performance if you ask me.And don't forget if you have a viral video, be sure to share it with us on social media, @FoxNewsNight.Up next, rest and relaxation is apparently more important to vacationers now than, you know, having fun and spending time with immediate family. What's your main goal when you go on vacation? The Nightcap crew has that and more next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Marianne Rafferty, Ashley Strohmier, James Kimmey, Alex DeGrasse, and Dr. Yalda Safai. Tonight's topic, schedule-free getaway. A recent survey revealed that rest and relaxation has become the number one reason for vacations, overtaking having fun and spending time with family. So, we want to know what is your number one reason for going on vacation. Ashley Strohmier, you go.STROHMIER: You know what? Relaxing is fun for me. So, if I could just go off to a beach someplace and just sit in a chair or in the sand the whole time, I think I'd be OK. But I want my family there with me. I don't, you know what I mean? That's all fun for me.CORKE: Oh, that's so sweet. Marianne Rafferty, you're going to say something similar, I bet.RAFFERTY: Well, I'll say my husband will say that I don't need a vacation because all I do is relax. So, but if I could just go somewhere and have nothing to do, no one talking to me, I think I'd love it for a couple of days. But like Ashley said, I would miss my family.CORKE: Dr. Yalda Safai.SAFAI: I do not want to have to burn a single calorie when I'm on vacation. I want to melt into a sunbed and just read for a week straight.CORKE: That sounds good to me. Alex, what do you say?DEGRASSE: I certainly want to have fun on vacation, but if I was propped up on whatever they gave Joe Biden last night, I certainly would want to be relaxing after a week of whatever he was doing.CORKE: A lot of people are wondering what that might have been. James?DEGRASSE: I'm curious myself.CORKE: James, how about you?KIMMEY: Roaming on a cruise ship, drink in the hand, dancing on the Lido deck. It's a great time. It's relaxing. It's all I need.CORKE: Let me show you what they said. We asked our viewers, our vacations are about relaxing or fun on X. They said rest and relaxation 62 percent, on Instagram 60 percent. Let's share some of their responses. Dr. Houman Hemmatti, I love this guy. He even writes this on his day off. "It's the one chance I have uninterrupted time to spend with my family. No work, no school, no parties, no other people, just sacred time for us. That's priceless." You're right.Sherry Braden says, "Broaden my view of the cultural differences in the world and photograph them, which fascinates me."Linda, "I'm older so rest and relaxation is about the most fun I can handle."And Michael says, "To break the monotony and also to be unstructured, not plan too much. We wing it more than plan. That's relaxing." I couldn't agree more.Thanks everybody for the "NIGHTCAP," and we thank you for watching America's favorite late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Kevin Corke in Washington. We'll see you Monday.