(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time. Thanks to Joe DeVito, Michele Tafoya, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: And good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, the presidential campaign trail now running right across the southern border with both the former president and current president making appearances in the Lone Star State. But their visits could not have been more different.And tonight, we have compelling evidence that the American citizens are the number one casualties of the border disaster. And how does the White House respond? By calling illegal immigrants, "newcomers."We have "TEAM FOX COVERAGE" Ashley Strohmier with more on the dueling border visits. Kevin Corke has more on the so-called newcomers. But first, to Matt Finn, he is lived with how Americans are being affected by the crisis. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace, cities all across the country are struggling with this migrant crisis. And tonight, Boston and Denver are dealing with their own unique circumstances, after migrants surged in those cities.People, one of Boston's most expensive neighborhoods are outraged over a plan to open an emergency overflow shelter for migrants. 80 of them will be living in a United Way operated shelter in Boston's seaport neighborhood.Neighbors say they feel like they were blindsided by the move and say officials don't have answers for them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Wait, wait.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Wait, can we -- can we finally have a little bit of decorum in the room?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, this is my neighborhood.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How was it a done deal when you could not answer these questions?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In my view these people are already here. And if we're going to fight the situation, we need to fight the border policy or deal with in Washington.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: There is also concerns that there's not enough showers in this office space on your screen that will be turned into a migrant shelter.Boston's Mayor claimed the shelter must be operated with minimal impact to the very frustrated neighbors. And the city of Denver announced some of its on-call employees may have their hours reduced to zero in an effort to reallocate funds towards the city's migrant crisis.That includes jobs like front desk workers, coaches, and lifeguards. Denver has been running several migrant shelters and hotels across the city, as part of its effort to reduce costs, it's consolidating from seven to three, cutting his budget by an estimated $60 million.Denver says it has 2,300 migrants in shelters with an average of 30 arriving every day, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes, it is affecting cities all across the country. Matt Finn. Matt, thank you.Let's bring in two people affected by the border disaster, Boston radio, resident and radio talk show host Grace Curley and Chicago resident Cata Truss. Thank you both for coming on.I want to go to you first Grace currently, because here's some angry residents in Boston seaport area about this migrant shelter coming watch. And I'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You said this is real. How are you going to ensure we are safe?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, we get no say as residents of the town, residents of the city neighbors?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would like to see a little bit more compassion. That's my point of view. Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, the thing here is, Grace. They don't know who these people are, they don't know how many are coming. They have not been vetted. I mean, we see this all across the country. They have got schools and museums that are close by and they just don't know exactly what is going on.GRACE CURLEY, HOST, THE GRACE CURLEY SHOW: Yes, you're absolutely right, Trace. It's a safety issue. And I think that that's what a lot of people are trying to relay to their elected officials.And you can feel the frustration, and you can feel the panic from a lot of these politicians, especially here in Boston, because obviously they're Democrats, they are dealing with outspoken constituents who are very unhappy. And they can't really give them any sort of strategy, because the White House doesn't have a strategy.So, all they can really tell people right now is we understand your frustration. And we are not Donald Trump, and that's not doing anyone any good.GALLAGHER: No, it's really not. And Cata Truss, to you now. We're going to get to your city, Chicago in a minute. But I want you to kind of weigh in, if you could, for me, Cata on what's happening in Denver, because now Denver is cutting the hours of city employees to pay for the migrants.I mean, the parks and recreation director said the following, quoting here, "The reduction in hours of operation and programs will affect the number of hours worked by many on-call, some to the point where they may not receive any hours. Final decisions on hours for any individual position have not been made yet."Can you imagine? Someone walking up to you, saying listen, we have to take care of these migrants. So, we're cutting your paycheck, Cata.CATA TRUSS, RESIDENT, CHICAGO: Of course, I can imagine. And it's the same thing that we are seeing here in Chicago, that is happening all over the country where migrants are being deposited.There is no money to take care of them. The president is standing back saying that we have newcomers, as if they are supposed to be here.And I think that what people have to realize and I have to keep saying this is that, at least in Chicago, sanctuary city status only means that we will not report you to the authorities.GALLAGHER: Right.TRUSS: It does not mean that we are responsible for housing and taking care of you. And again, we're putting migrants before the people in these cities. So, now, you are saying to the people, in Denver, we are going to cut your hours, possibly taking away your livelihood, so that we can take care of someone else.GALLAGHER: Right, yes.TRUSS: What -- in what world does that make sense?GALLAGHER: And I wonder to you, Grace Curley, because I think if you had to address your local officials, I mean, what would you say to how they have handled this mess in Boston?CURLEY: Well, it's funny, Trace, because when I watch a lot of these cuts coming out of residents in Boston, you still do have a lot of people who are saying things like, well, I'm very compassionate, and I want to handle this with compassion.And I think that's the part of this that we haven't been able to shake. You have to let people understand. It's not about compassion. People in Texas are very compassionate people on those border towns are very compassionate.GALLAGHER: Yes.CURLEY: Addressing the fact that this is an untenable situation, and having solutions for that doesn't make you a bad person, it doesn't make you less caring than anybody else.GALLAGHER: Yes.CURLEY: It just makes you a realist with some common sense. And we are lacking that right now, especially in the city of Boston, and people are just at their wit's end, they feel like they've been left in the lurch.GALLAGHER: Right. I think you're right. And I want to put these numbers up, Cata, just so everybody knows, Cata, what Chicago is going through. If you look back here in January of 2023, there were 5,100 of these asylum seekers in Chicago. And now, the number is 36,000. That is more than six times as many in the course of 12 to 13 months. Cata, it is, as Grace was saying, untenable.TRUSS: It is. And think about the money that has already been spent. In the State of Illinois with the city and county combined, we have spent over a billion dollars, and that's just this year.GALLAGHER: Yes.TRUSS: And so, imagine what it's going to be like, as those populations began to grow, as their needs begin to increase. Right now, we are seeing an increase in crime. And I'm sure that you're going to see that all over the country as the needs grow.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.TRUSS: And people become desperate. Right now, when these migrants are committing crimes, they are being arrested, and then, they are being charged back out onto the streets.GALLAGHER: Yes.TRUSS: And we know that when criminals are not prosecuted correctly, they will come out and they will become more brazen, with the crimes that they commit.GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes.TRUSS: And so, those communities have a right to be on edge.GALLAGHER: They do have a right to be on edge. Cata Truss, thank you so much. Grace Curley, thank you for coming on. We appreciate your time.Meantime, some media outlets called the people crossing the border undocumented migrants, others call them illegal immigrants, while the White House, apparently doesn't like either of those terms, and is now calling illegal immigrants, "newcomers".The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke, live with reaction to the new term. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. Critics, again, slamming the president's border policies. That is not new. But what really got them hotter than Texas chili, was the administration's decision to refer to illegal aliens as simply newcomers, a critique most succinctly summed up in a post on X, formerly known as Twitter, by Georgia Congressman Mike Collins, who adroitly tweeted, "the newcomers".That, of course, while showing the faces of several illegal aliens who have broken U.S. laws once they have gotten here, and in many cases, violently so.Now, for its part, the White House released what it called a fact sheet, imploring Congressional lawmakers to help stem the tide by passing a, bipartisan border agreement, which they say will include more than a billion dollars for cities and states who are providing critical services to newcomers. Newcomers. And would expedite work permits for people who are in the country and qualify.But the House GOP conference was none too impressed, taking to Twitter to savage the White House for its terminology, and its policies for that matter.Writing, "The Biden White House is now referring to illegal immigrants as newcomers, Joe Biden is not serious about stopping the illegal immigration into the United States. This is a catastrophe by design.And Trace, as you know, this issue is a massive one politically, with a very recent Gallup survey, citing illegal immigration as the most important problem facing the country right now. Trace.GALLAGHER: Number one. Kevin Corke, live in D.C. Kevin, thank you. President Biden and former President Trump, made dueling trips to the southern border. Trump decided to visit Eagle Pass, which many consider ground zero of the border crisis, Biden decided on Brownsville, where the flow of migrants now is a trickle.Ashley Strohmier, live with those details tonight. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi, Trace, it was a tale of two very different trips to the Texas border today.President Joe Biden visited Brownsville, where migrant apprehensions have dropped dramatically in recent months, as you said. Largely, due to the installation of razor wire, a tactic the Biden administration opposes, former President Donald Trump was just over 300 miles away in Eagle Pass, Texas. And what's the Texas Tribune is calling the current epicenter of immigration enforcement efforts.Texas Governor Greg Abbott joined Trump during his trip, both went after the president. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): I don't think he is on the border itself right now. He is in some sanitized location in the Brownsville area, not saying the razor wire that Texas has put up around Brownsville.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: But this is a Joe Biden invasion. This is a Biden invasion over the past three years.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Biden didn't announce any new policy proposals while in Texas today.But he did call out Republicans in Congress where recently blocking a border security deal, calling the move political.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: So, here is what I would say to Mr. Trump. Instead of playing politics with the issue, instead of telling members of Congress to block this legislation, join me or I'll join you in telling the Congress to pass this bipartisan border security bill. We can do it together.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: And Trace, the same day the top two presidential candidates visited the Lone Star state, a federal judge doubt the Biden administration a victory, blocking in Texas law that would have allowed police to arrest migrants suspected of crossing the border illegally and Texas officials are expected of course, to appeal that ruling, Trace.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier, live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.Let's bring in the editor of Restoring America for the Washington Examiner, Kaylee McGhee White. And Independent Women's Forum senior legal fellow, May Mailman. Thank you both for coming on.So, both Biden and Trump were asked about the murder of Laken Riley in Georgia. And here is their responses.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, do you bare any responsibility for Laken Riley's death?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, what is your response to Texas governor - -TRUMP: What he is doing is just unbelievable. Joe Biden will never say Laken Riley's name. But we will say it and we will remember --(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean, you have this thing, Kaylee McGhee White, where you've got the president of the United States didn't want to address it at all, just ignored the question. And the former President couldn't wait to address the question.KAYLEE MCGHEE WHITE, RESTORING AMERICA EDITOR, WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Right. And it's also that he's visiting -- that Biden is visiting the southern border three years too late, I guess, for his grand opening of the border. But I guess that's the best that we can expect. And he also went on this random tangent about climate change, instead of addressing the question about Laken Riley.And you're right, the difference between Trump's press conference and Biden's could not be more clear. Biden could not be bothered to address this as a crisis for three years of his presidency. Whereas, this has been Trump's most important issue since 2016.GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITE: Who is going to come out better on this issue? Clearly, the polls suggest Trump.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think you're right on that one.Here is Biden's message to Trump, concerning the border. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: So, here is what I would say to Mr. Trump. Instead of playing politics with the issue, instead of telling members of Congress to block this legislation, join me or I'll join you in telling the Congress to pass this bipartisan border security bill. We can do it together.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: May Mailman, it's not going to fly because everybody knows the gig is up. Everybody knows the president tomorrow could walk into his office and he could sign this and make it all right again, but he won't.MAY MAILMAN, FORMER TRUMP WHITE HOUSE ATTORNEY: Exactly. Nobody cares that Biden is visiting the border unless he is going to use that experience to make changes to his policy. But the fact that he's visiting Brownsville, where the crisis has been mitigated, and he is spending the time saying that he needs a do-nothing bill because he can't do anything himself shows that he has no intention in actually changing his policy on the border, which is why only 18 percent of Americans approve of his handling of the U.S.-Mexico border.GALLAGHER: I wonder Kaylee McGhee White, what do you think of the White House now calling illegal immigrants, "newcomers"?WHITE: Well, this just goes to again, one of the tools that's in the president's toolbox to address illegal immigration is language and rhetoric. And the Trump administration made it very clear from day one of Trump taking office that illegal immigration would be curtailed.GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITE: That there would be action taken to suppress the flow of migrants. That had an impact on illegal immigration even before Trump signed any executive order to take action on it.The Biden administration has done the exact opposite. It has communicated every step of the way that it will not take any action to suppress illegal immigration.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITE: And is instead welcoming these people. This is the result.GALLAGHER: Yes, you won't even come tell them that. I mean that's it's kind of amazing to me.Georgia representative Andrew Clyde wrote this on X, "Insanity. A newcomer just brutally murdered Laken Riley last week. Newcomers are flooding our country with fentanyl. These newcomers are costing American taxpayers nearly $500 billion. Joe Biden wants to normalize his intentional illegal invasion."May Mailman, your thought -- final thoughts on this?MAILMAN: Yes, a newcomer is somebody who comes to our country legally that we want to welcome in. But because President Biden is calling everyone a newcomer, I guess he wants to welcome everyone in, including people who are murdering the daughters of America.GALLAGHER: Yes.MAILMAN: Including people who are raping America's children. And Americans are not going to stand for that.GALLAGHER: May Mailman, Kaylee McGhee White, thank you both.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" just read a piece in The Washington Post called, "The Birth of Fox News's Migrant Crime Obsession." Written by progressive columnist Philip Bump, who started the article by calling out Jesse Watters for opening his show by listing, "a handful of incidents in which immigrants allegedly committed crime.""COMMON SENSE" would remind columnist Bump that nobody on Fox News is listing immigrants, that we are covering the crimes committed by illegal immigrants. People are not supposed to be here, people who were supposed to be deported, but instead got absolution from the sanctuary saints, only to commit more crime.And when Mr. Bump refers to a handful of incidents, does he mean the dozens of murders, rapes, and beatings delivered to kids, cops, and young people, or the thousands of robberies and assaults, or the tens of thousands of property crimes, what actually defines a handful?Bump also called out Trump for alleging that a Biden migrant committed murder in Georgia. Does he mean the illegal Venezuelan immigrant, who came here when Biden open the gates and who might be here under Biden's protected status, sounds like a Biden migrant?"COMMON SENSE" thinks, instead of calling out Fox News for covering migrant crime, maybe journalist should actually cover migrant crime.Let's bring in former contestant on The Bachelor and founder of the Kings Firm, Gillian Anderson. Gillian, it's great to have you on.I want to put this up because this is us. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, we were kind of highlighted tonight on MSNBC. And you can see the bottom is, "right-wing media fuels myth of migrant crime surge."I mean, I'll bet the families, Jillian of Laken Riley and Jeremy Caseres, the 2-year-old, who was killed, I bet they would differ with this whole myth of migrant crime. I bet they would -- they would have something else to say.JILLIAN ANDERSON, FOUNDER THE KINGS FIRM: You're absolutely right. And I'm sure those parents are very glad that you are keeping this in the news. So, as a parent, I applaud you for that, Trace.But the liberal media's playbook is completely being exposed. There years of the liberal mainstream media have been -- they've been masters of censoring news --GALLAGHER: We just -- we just froze her.Let me just put this up here. I want to play this. See if we can get Julian back here. This is CNN, censoring Trump again, at the border. Watch this. I think we got Jillian back and we'll get back to her. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAITLAN COLLINS, CNN ANCHOR: As we do, after every Trump speech, it seems, we have to have a series of fact checks because at multiple times, in just those brief remarks there, he made several lies, he told several lies about the border. Also misrepresented his own past on the border in what he did while he was in office.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: This has become kind of a crazy thing, Jillian. Welcome back to us. This is the kind of a crazy thing where you think CNN literally censors everything that Trump says. And you wonder, is this going to be the same at the -- at the State of the Union speech next week? Are they going to censor Biden before he speaks? Because you know, there's going to be some untruths in that?The policy here, the censorship here is something I have never seen in journalism.ANDERSON: I mean, absolutely. Any time there's a gap or anytime Joe Biden says something he doesn't mean, they are going to censure it out, or they're going to twist it in a way that makes sense for him. Omitting the facts while just pushing Joe Biden in the best light he could.There is nothing else they can do because Joe Biden can do it for himself. He can -- he can't speak facts for himself. He doesn't look knowledgeable to himself. And, of course, they are always going to be there to cover for him.GALLAGHER: Yes.ANDERSON: They had been the last three years, they got to continue the rest of 2024.GALLAGHER: Here is my favorite NBC News quote, put this up on the screen. The quote is Trump's claim of a migrant crime wave are not supported by the national data.And then, if you read to the second to the last paragraph, it says, quoting here, "The data is incomplete on how many crimes each year are committed by migrants, primarily because most local police don't record immigration status when they make arrests."So, the migrant crime surge narrative is fake, but then so is our article, because we don't have all the information. Your final thoughts on this, Jillian.ANDERSON: We are omitting facts. We are twisting the truth. We are telling partial lies, just to make sure the headlines work in the liberal media's favor to protect Joe Biden. And that's what it is.And I'm glad it's, you know, it's being exposed. And thank you for exposing it, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes, Jillian Anderson, great to have you on. Thank you.Meantime, coming up, brand new video coming into FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, showing the owner of a gym in West Hollywood, getting pistol whipped by a suspect trying to steal his Rolex. That business owner joins us live on set, next.And more, new video of pro-Palestinian protesters clashing with police in New York City. This is amazing video. It's tagging the famous Wall Street charging bull with the words Death to Israel.We also have exclusive videos showing a confrontation between a conservative student and a pro-transgender student at the University of Alabama.And something about identifying as a cat. We'll actually let you listen to it. And later in the NIGHTCAP, Leap Day is traditionally when women propose marriage to men. Today, one woman tried her luck on live radio. But the response, not really what she was hoping.Do you think people should propose in public settings? Stadiums, television, radio? How would you react to a very public proposal?Let us know X and Instagram @tracegallagher. We will read the best responses, coming up in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Breaking tonight, we're getting brand new video into FOX NEWS. @ NIGHT. We're talking about hundreds of pro-Palestinian protesters swarming Union Square in Manhattan tonight. Take a look at some of these pictures. They were defacing trains and walls in the subway station there, before making their way, as you can see here, to Wall Street.And you can see the clashes between police and the protesters were significant.We do not know the exact number of arrests, but there were many. Protesters climbed on top the famous charging goals spray painting, graffiti, reading, Death to Israel on that statue.NYPD then moved in. They tried to take away as many as they can, but they were clearly outnumbered. As we get more video in the subways and so forth, we will bring it to you, continuing the coverage of breaking news.Meantime, we also have brand new video of another brazen robbery attempt in broad daylight caught on camera.A gym owner in Los Angeles who is here with us on set pistol whip while walking his dog.Matt Finn is back live with that story. Matt.FINN: Trace, it is a horrifying armed robbery caught on camera right here in Los Angeles. The brave victim, stood his ground against his attackers, in a jaw dropping act of self-defense.You could see a black Cadillac, pull up to a retail plaza on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood. Mask men jump out and rush up to Rocco DiStefano with their guns drawn.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROCCO DISTEFANO, OWNER, THE LAB ATHLETIC CLUB: And I turn around and I'm looking at the barrel of the pistol. Yelling, take it off, take it off, taken it off. At this point, I try to run and I realize running into a corner. And I'm hitting the elevator, and I'm like, I have nowhere to go.So, I take off my Rolex, and I clasp in my hand. And I tell them like you're going to have to take it from me.FINN (voice over): You could see in the video, Rocco also had his dog's leash in his hand. The end of the fight was not caught on camera but Rocco says he pushed through and fought down those robbers who ran away empty handed.And now, Rocco says he's not sure if he'll be wearing his Rolex here in Los Angeles.DISTEFANO: I was able to wear my Rolex. It's a symbolism of how hard I've worked to get to this point. To own a gym, to be where I am.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN (on camera): And Rocco's beloved Maltipoo Hercules is doing OK. And you're about to hear from Rocco, himself.GALLAGHER: Which is the best news we've had all night. Matt, thank you.Let's bring in local gym owner, Rocco DiStefano, criminal defense attorney and federal litigator, Vik Bajaj, along with the former sheriff of Los Angeles County, Alex Villanueva. Thank you all for coming on.Rocco, to you first. I want you to kind of finish the story because you're worried about your dog, you're worried about your Rolex. These guys are trying to beat the daylights out of you. What happens after, as Matt kind of let you pick it up there. What happens after when you were kind of holding on to all of this stuff?DISTEFANO: I mean, the first thing is, I want to be alive. I'm staring at a gun drawn at me, and I'm like, this is it. Three months after I opened up my gym, dream come true. Move here seven years ago from Boston, after my mom overdosed on fentanyl. I'm like, life is flashing before my eyes.GALLAGHER: Yes.DISTEFANO: And I came here to, like, better the community, to help others within the community. And I'm like, this is it. And the only thing that's going through my head is I either give them this or I fight back. So, I took the watch off my, my hand, I clenched in my fist. And I kept it close to my body as I was trying to manage the leash in my hand, as well as fight back. I went to swing, and I unfortunately tripped.GALLAGHER: We have this one, we know this one's OK, right? This is the dog.DISTEFANO: This is Hercules.GALLAGHER: The dog is totally fine.DISTEFANO: This is Hercules. Hercules is fine.GALLAGHER: And with a good name. A good name and that's exactly right. It's amazing, Rocco. We're going to go back to you in one second.Sheriff, to you, I want to put these up because we can talk about Rocco's thing, but these are the crime statistics in Los Angeles. Total major crime up 19 percent. This is 2020-2023. City-wide property crime up 24 percent, city-wide violent crime up six percent. And then, I want to put this up because this is sound from the Los Angeles District Attorney George Gascon. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE GASCON, LOS ANGELES DISTRICT ATTORNEY: We're in a much better place today that we were four years ago. We're dealing with violence, and in fact, violence has come down which clearly indicates that the work that we're doing is not necessarily doesn't cause crime to go up.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Sheriff, things could not be better according to the D.A.ALEX VILLANUEVA, FORMER LOS ANGELES COUNTY SHERIFF: He must be living on an alternative planet. I don't know what he's smoking, but wow. I'll tell you this, when you stop counting, numbers can mean anything. And he's literally stopped counting. In fact, law enforcement agencies are no longer reporting retail outlets and not reporting being victims of crime. So, how can he claim everything is fine when people are scared to go out the front door?GALLAGHER: Yes, it's baffling. Vik Bajaj, to you, because Jon Hatami, who is running for D.A. in Los Angeles, said the following.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JON HATAMI, LOS ANGELES D.A. CANDIDATE: We have so many people committing crimes, getting released, committing crimes, getting released. Nobody is being held accountable or responsible for their crimes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean that's the whole thing is, Vik, is that we know nobody's being responsible. I mean, Rocco's a testament to that. You see this all the time.VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY AND FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, you know, this week, I've been in five different jurisdictions in state court within our fine state of California. And it's true, the number of offenses is lower as far as burglaries, commercial burglaries, sheriff hit the nail on the head. That's because they're just not being counted.It's as simple as that. But we see crimes being prosecuted. The quality and character of the crimes are much more serious. Great bodily injury, serious use of a personal deadly weapon, gang attacks, robberies in concert, things that make small business owners very much like Rocco say, hey, the juice is not worth the squeeze, Trace, I'm out of California.GALLAGHER: And what do you think, Rocco? I mean, are you concerned about your business? You open a gym, it's your dream. Are you concerned about crime? Are you concerned about a lot of the things we're talking about?DISTEFANO: I mean, L.A.'s turned into Gotham City. It feels like you have downtown L.A. being spray painted. You have people being slapped on the hand, zero-dollar bill in Los Angeles. And I moved here because I thought this was a city of angels, city of dreams, where fitness started, where Arnold started bodybuilding, where "Pumping Iron" was filmed. And I moved here for a purpose, to better people's lives. And in this city, I want to say in this city, I just signed a 10-year lease.GALLAGHER: Right.DISTEFANO: I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that 10-year lease in Beverly Hills in West Hollywood where it's supposed to be, have law. It's supposed to not have anarchy and chaos.GALLAGHER: Does it make you want to run again, Sheriff? Does it make you want to get involved again? It's got to infuriate you.VILLANUEVA: It infuriates me because the Board of Supervisors voted to defund the Sheriff's Department to freeze hiring, and now they're missing a third of their patrol force, including West Hollywood Station.GALLAGHER: Yes.VILLANUEVA: They're gone. They're not coming back, which makes it easier for the criminals to do what they're doing.GALLAGHER: Is there a remedy, Vik?BAJAJ: The remedy is, you know, vote. Get out there, make a change, follow Sheriff's advice, and make sure people in elected positions can actually do what the community wants, not what the soup du jour is dictated by media for that fiscal season.GALLAGHER: Sheriff, Vik, Rocco, Hercules, glad everybody's OK. Thank you for coming on.Coming up, Chicago public schools are graduating a very big percentage of their students. Seems like good news, right? Until you realize a huge portion of those students cannot read or do math at grade level. Plus, exclusive video of a confrontation at the university of Alabama, a pro- trans student destroying a conservative group's event advertisement and then there was a debate about identifying as a cat. We'll explain with breaking news coming back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, the numbers don't lie. The education challenges facing Chicago and the entire state of Illinois have reached crisis levels. So, what's behind these terrible numbers? Despite an infusion of large amounts of pandemic funding, let's bring in the Chairman of the Jack Brewer Foundation, former NFL Defensive Back, Jack Brewer; and Entertainment Attorney Mitra Ahouraian. Thank you both for coming on.Jack, I want to put this up because this is our first thing. This is Illinois public schools, right? You talk about zero proficiency. There are 67 schools in Illinois. Not a single student can do math at grade level. And 32 schools, not a single student can do English at grade level. That's almost a hundred schools across the state of Illinois that literally have kids that cannot read or do math. That's not a crisis, that's an embarrassment. Your thoughts, Jack?JACK BREWER, FOUNDER JACK BREWER FOUNDATION: It is. It's a crime. I mean, it's a pure crime when you start looking deep into the why. When you're not holding any of these kids accountable, they've done whatever they can with these new leftist policies that aren't allowing these them to actually keep these kids accountable for their grades. So, they're, they're, they're doing whatever they can to remove the grading system. When the kids go to school, if they get in trouble, they're not holding them accountable. I think they need to bring the paddle back to the schools, Trace. It's time to bring paddles back to the schools, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think that's, that's a very --BREWER: These kids are not getting disciplined at home.GALLAGHER: No, they're not. I want to put this up because this is Rowe- Clark Math and Science Academy. Math and Science, Mitra, right?MITRA AHOURAIAN, ENTERTAINMENT ATTORNEY: OK.GALLAGHER: And look at this, so the math proficiency, zero, not as kid. English proficiency, zero. The graduation rate, 88 percent. So, 88 percent of these kids are like, yes, just get out of here. I know you don't know anything, but get out of here and go on to the world. What do you think about that?AHOURAIAN: This terrifies me, and I think everyone needs to be terrified by this. This is our future. This is a future that's already going to have challenges in terms of their interaction with technology, their ability to focus, attention span, communicate in, you know, not just x-number of characters. All of that really worries me because school is not just Math and English. School is also discipline, being able to work against timelines, make sacrifices, so much more.GALLAGHER: Yes, you're exactly right. Dr. Ben Carson, Jack Brewer to you, writes the following, quoting here: "Faith and fathers are the antidote to juvenile crime. It should be no surprise that juvenile violent crime has exploded in the same time period that fatherlessness has grown because so many young children no longer have the stable presence of a father in their lives to guide them, raise them, and keep them from going astray. I know this is a very dear and near to your heart topic we're here, Jack. What, what do you think about that?BREWER: That's the root, root cause everything that you're talking about where there is reading and math efficiency, or, or it's crime. You're twenty times more likely to go to prison if you're fatherless. And so, now, what you're looking at is a situation that's been exacerbated. 71 percent of black kids or born out of father over 50 percent of Hispanics and white have increased the fatherlessness, I think three to four times over the last 20 years.These things have to come to an end. We got to stop with these crazy, ridiculous policies. That's the reason why these kids are going into our streets. They don't have a dad that will bring the paddle, bring discipline and respect to these families. We're literally proliferating the lie that it's OK to be born without, without being married and out of wedlock. And so, these things are just a real stain on our country as we are the most fatherless nation on earth.GALLAGHER: We are. It's true. The Pew study among teens age 13 to 17, 38 percent say they feel comfortable when talking about racial topics. 29 percent comfortable when talking about sexual orientation or gender identity. Four in 10 talking about race are comfortable. three in 10 talking about sex and gender. Why don't we talk about something else? Why don't we talk about reading and writing in schools, Mitra?AHOURAIAN: I mean, I'm going to say the same thing. I think we're at a moment in time where we don't know how to interact with one another to have these types of conversations. And if you really want to take it back to education, if you don't have the language tools to communicate, you know, that's not, that's grammar, that's vocabulary.You know, if the percentage of people I heard talking at an you know speaking at an eighth-grade level is sort of the norm right now. So, if you can't even get to like the basic form of communication, how are you going to have conversations that are around these much deeper, you know, topics?GALLAGHER: Yes, Mitra, Jack. Thank you both. Meantime, we have new video tonight of a confrontation at the University of Alabama between the president of a conservative student group who was publicizing a Riley Gaines event on campus and a pro-trans student who defaced a sign promoting that event then didn't want to talk about it. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KIEGHAN NANGLE, PRESIDENT, YOUNG WOMEN FOR AMERICA AT THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA: So, can I identify as a cat?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, you can.NANGLE: Really?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You absolutely can. Because that's a (BLEEP) gender.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Let's bring in the President of Young Women for America at the University of Alabama, roll tide, Kieghan Nangle. Kieghan, thank you for coming on. I mean, you made it very clear to this pro-trans student that, you know, they could put their posters, he could do whatever he wanted to as long as they didn't destroy and deface the stuff that you were promoting. And here's part of your back and forth once again, and then I'll get your comment. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NANGLE: We would like you to put your stuff, whatever you want. Please don't bother our stuff.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Free speech is not going to protect from a (BLEEP bottle of a doctor pib, and the (BLEEP) you put on the ground. Real women. That's transphobic.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Clearly, he didn't get the whole free speech concept in this, Negan -- Kieghan, what are your thoughts?NANGLE: You know, I think that this is a concept that ultimately the universities are saying leftists on campuses can have free speech, but if you're a conservative, you have to shut up and you can't put your values out there. We are forced in universities across the country to put our conservative values on the down-low and let the leftists shove theirs down our throat. And this is certainly something that I never thought that I would encounter when I chose to go to school at the University of Alabama.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I think a lot of people, I should full clarity say that I have a daughter who's a sophomore at the University of Alabama who knows Kieghan, but here's the part after he says that the term real women is transphobic. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm going to go and uncover and (BLEEP) destroy every piece of transphobic piece of garbage you put on the (BLEEP) ground.This campus, this campus talks about diversity. This campus has made several statements that is about diversity. Everybody here is equal. They're not going to want you to put transphobic (BLEEP) on the ground.NANGLE: I didn't say trans.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, continue to do this and I'm going to continue to wash it up.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I read, I watched the whole thing, Kieghan, when, when you present these facts, is it kind of natural where they don't present facts in return, they just present kind of anger? We've got about 30 seconds for you.NANGLE: Yes, I mean, pretty much their ultimate response is just anger, and outrage, and violence. And this incident that happened to me isn't the first. Campus Reform has covered plenty of them across the country, unfortunately.And ultimately, I think conservative students across the country, we're doing our best to fight the fight that we believe in, but how can you, how can you fight when you have anger and ultimately violence at times coming right back at you? And it's these university institutions that they're festering these environments and they are the ones putting it in the heads of these students that it's OK to exemplify this kind of behavior in a disagreement.GALLAGHER: And the University of Alabama prides itself on the fact that it promotes robust debate. Kieghan Nangle, thank you so much for coming on. We appreciate your time.Well, coming up, we have an epic file -- we have an epic -- during a radio proposal, right? It's a fail. How would you react if somebody proposed to you in public? They just propose. You know, you get on a knee, it's a stadium, it's on the bullet. What if you got a public proposal? The "NIGHTCAP" crew will take that up. You think it's a good idea, bad idea? We'll talk about it. Still time to weigh in X and Instagram coming back next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back at the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Vik Bajaj, Mitra Ahouraian, and May Mailman. Tonight's topic, on the spot leap day. Historically, day women proposed to their partners today one woman tried her luck on live radio didn't quite go as planned. Watch(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I can't wait to do this forever. Will you marry me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, you're joking. Is this, is this, is this live on air?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, um, you're joking. Like, I don't know, like, um, I mean, yes, like, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to like, um, put you on the spot, babe.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: That's a no, Mitra Ahouraian, would you, what?AHOURAIAN: You know, I feel like you should have a conversation before you propose these days. I think that's sort of the norm and it sounded like a conversation did not happen. So, I don't know about surprises in public.GALLAGHER: Yes, I'm the same. Vik Bajaj.BAJAJ: As a student of human behavior, maybe she thought a crowd would help influence a yes out of it. Maybe it wasn't going to come out otherwise. That didn't work.GALLAGHER: Matt Finn.FINN: That clip was brutal. I hope by the time you pop the question, you have an idea of what your partner is expecting.GALLAGHER: Yes, absolutely. Kevin Corke, I mean, the whole thing is, yes, bad advice.CORKE: Yes, don't do it, don't do it, don't do it. I'll ask, don't you ask.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: I'm with Kevin. Absolutely not. I would be mad. I would probably say yes just to save face, but then after it'd be like, what are you doing?GALLAGHER: Yes. May Mailman.MAILMAN: Yes, public proposals should not be surprises. That's why girls have their hair done, their nails are done, their makeup is done, and oh, I'm so surprised to be in this park. Wow. That's a surprise proposal.GALLAGHER: I hear you. So, the "NIGHTCAP" poll: should people propose in public? Yes, 13 percent. Yes, 20 percent.Deborah Cooks -- oh, Chris Seyboldt, "Hopefully I would think to be gracious and say yes, even if my answer was no, then explain in private if needed."Deborah Cook, "I would not like it. I would say no."Scott, "I think I would respond no habla ingles or pretend not to understand."And Robert Hunt says, "I'd probably say yes, then say in person I'd need to propose a second time."Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP." Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher. I'll see you back here on Monday.