JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Again, Get it Together available in stores March 19th.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, and Jessica?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, there's no time for me but I'll go first tomorrow.PERINO: You'll go first tomorrow, indeed.TARLOV: That's my announcement.PERINO: Don't miss a very special episode of "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" tonight. You are not going to want to miss it.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: And Greg.PERINO: And Greg's show. All right, that's it for us. Have a great night, everybody. Happy Monday, Bret.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Happy Monday. I'll see you up in New York tomorrow.PERINO: OK, see you tomorrow.BAIER: You go girl. OK, thanks.PERINO: Thank you.BAIER: Good evening, I'm Bret Baier. The southern border crisis hits New York City to the tune of billions of taxpayer dollars. How Chinese nationals are taking over the illegal marijuana business in many parts of the U.S. We'll bring you that story.And we will talk with the Republican who is leading the polling heading into tomorrow's California Senate primary election.But first tonight, breaking, a major victory for former President Donald Trump and his attempt to return to the White House. The U.S. Supreme Court has unanimously ruled the state of Colorado cannot remove him from its primary ballot. The former president calling that a big win for America.This comes just hours before the Super Tuesday primaries and as President Biden prepares for a crucial State of the Union address Thursday night.We have live Fox team coverage tonight, Brit Hume with political analysis. Peter Doocy is at the White House with the current president preparing for the State of the Union and trying to jumpstart his campaign. Aishah Hasnie in West Palm Beach, Florida as the former president anticipates what his campaign calls a delegate avalanche to come.But Fox News Chief Legal Correspondent anchor of "FOX NEWS SUNDAY" Shannon Bream starts us off tonight with a big ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court. Good evening,SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF LEGAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Well, the court has numerous cases and issues now pending that could have a significant impact on the Trump campaign in this heated election year. But for today, a nine to nothing decision that keeps the former president on all state ballots heading into Super Tuesday.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think it's a very big day for America.BREAM (voice over): While the Supreme Court did rule nine to nothing that states do not have the power under the 14th Amendment to strip candidates from their ballots, holding simply responsibility for enforcing Section 3 against federal office holders and candidates rests with Congress and not the states.There was an internal division on full display in the concurrence signed on to by Justices Sotomayor, Kagan and Jackson. The three felt the court went too far arguing that the bottom line question was where the other justices should have stopped, rather than in a more expansive ruling on the issue. "Although we agree that Colorado cannot enforce Section 3, we protest the majority's effort to use this case to define the limits of federal enforcement of that provision."Justice Barrett filed her own concurrence as well, saying, now is not the time to amplify disagreements and noting the court came together to settle a politically charged issue in the middle of a volatile presidential election.Barrett writing, our differences are far less important than our unanimity. All nine justices agree on the outcome of this case. That is the message Americans should take home.In the wake of today's decision, Maine's Secretary of State announced her decision against Trump is being withdrawn and votes cast for him tomorrow will count. Colorado's secretary of state says she'll follow the justices as well, though she thinks the court has, "Issued bad decisions on democracy."And while Trump had lavished praise for the justices today, he is likely facing a much tougher argument when the court hears his immunity claims in late April.TRUMP: President shouldn't have that on his mind and he has to have a free and clear mind when he makes very big decisions.(END VIDEOTAPE)BREAM (on camera): But before he gets back to the Supreme Court in late April, the former president will have to weigh through a so called hush money case in New York. Grand jury selection in that case is set to start on the 25th.BAIER: OK, Shannon, thank you. The Supreme Court victory gives former President Trump even more momentum heading into tomorrow's Super Tuesday primaries as questions continue about what's next for former governor -- former ambassador Nikki Haley. Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie has that part of the story tonight from West Palm Beach, Florida.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TRUMP: The poll numbers are very good. We're beating President Biden in almost every poll.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Former President Trump riding a high into Super Tuesday with a historic Supreme Court ruling and favorable new Fox News polling. Trump now leads President Biden by two points in a head-to-head poll. Although former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has a more comfortable eight point lead outside the margin of error.NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'll defeat Donald Trump fair and square but I want him on that ballot.HASNIE (voice over): Haley reacting to the Supreme Court ruling from the campaign trail today. She's focusing on states with open primaries and high percentages of college educated and suburban voters. She just grabbed her first primary win in the District of Columbia on Sunday, as she accuses Trump of ostracizing non MAGA voters.HALEY: This is about addition. This is not about the fact that he's telling my supporters they're barred permanently from MAGA. I'm a conservative Republican. I always have been, always will be. I'm not going to do a third party. That's not anything I'm interested in.HASNIE (voice over): But team Trump says the former president is expanding his reach even in key democratic demographics. Fox News polling shows Trump now beats Biden amongst young voters under 30. Growing support from 33 percent in 2020 to 51 percent today.He's also nearly neck and neck amongst Hispanics, has near record support amongst female suburban voters and now carries 28 percent of black voters, seven times as many from four years ago.JAMAEL BELL, FLORIDA VOTER: And I got a lot of friends that are African American, that are voting for Trump.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And tonight, Bret, the Trump campaign tells me that they're expecting the former president to walk away from Super Tuesday with more than a thousand delegates, close to 1100, which means they anticipate that he'll clinch his nomination a week from tomorrow, Bret.BAIER: Aishah Hasnie in West Palm Beach, Florida. Aishah, thanks.Please join us for our Super Tuesday coverage, begins tomorrow 7:00 p.m. Eastern time right here on Fox News Channel. Right after SPECIAL REPORT.President Biden is said to be preparing for his State of the Union address that's Thursday. It comes amid increasing questions about his mental fitness, his age, and growing dissatisfaction as you just saw with his policies in new polls. White House correspondent Peter Doocy joins us tonight with details live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, as White House officials tried to figure out how to put President Biden in front of big crowds of key groups without getting interrupted by somebody screaming about a ceasefire. Today, he skipped a meeting that he almost never misses, the annual international firefighters union meeting here in Washington, sending the vice president instead.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Many of you have known Joe Biden a long time and many of you have known me a long time.DOOCY (voice over): The uphill climb to reelection continues. President Biden now trails Trump by five points in the New York Times Siena College Poll losing ground with key groups including those who voted for him in 2020.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We have consistently as Democrats overperformed polls.DOOCY (voice over): In a rare interview with a print outlet, President Biden tells the New Yorker about Trump, losers who are losers are never graceful. I just think that he'll do anything to try to win. If and when I win, I think he'll contest it no matter what the result is.Advisors see Thursday's State of the Union as a chance to reach voters who don't pay close attention with the White House comms director saying, we are fanning out aggressively not only on Thursday, but in the weeks ahead to reach Americans where they receive the news with the president's message about whose side he's on.If the president really wants to wow a big audience, he should drop out. According to New York Times columnist, Maureen Dowd, who wishes the president would say, I was serious folks, when I call myself a bridge to a new generation, a transitional figure. I'll release my delegates this summer at the Chicago convention to vote for the candidate they feel can carry our banner into the future. That would be historic. But the speech could make history for different reasons.DAVID AXELROD, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: He also needs to show urgency and advocacy and action of moving forward here. Got a good chance this week at the State of the Union speech, which I think is going to be more important for president running for reelection than any I can remember.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): So, Democrats on the outside setting expectations extremely high as Democrats here in the West Wing are starting to lower the bar a little bit about ratings. Writing in a memo, they think in this fractured communications landscape that fewer Americans are going to consume the State of the Union live, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Well, most states were thrilled to have me. There were some that didn't, and they didn't want that for political reasons. They didn't want that because of poll numbers because the poll numbers are very good.LAURENCE TRIBE, HARVARD LAW SCHOOL: The country is hostage to someone who engaged in insurrection and notice nothing in the court said today denied the claim that Donald Trump did just that. They leave that question open, allowing voters to get basically snookered into giving that sort of person power is not an adequate remedy.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, the former president hasn't been charged. He hasn't been convicted of insurrection. Let's bring in Fox News Chief Political Analyst, Brit Hume. That was Laurence Tribe. Obviously, Brit, reacting to the former president celebrating this nine-o Supreme Court ruling, your thoughts?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it seems to me the court had a menu of options on which to base a decision to put Trump back on the ballot there and because it did that on many other states as well, which have tried to disqualify him.The nine and nothing decision based on the fact that the idea that the state does not have the authority to rule on federal elections in this way, was enough to get nine votes. As I mentioned, and there you know, we heard about the concurrences, which did object to the fact that they took it further.And obviously, that was thought to be an effort to head off challenges to Trump, if he were to be reelected, the court would then have to deal with.But it's a -- it's a big moment for this country. I mean, I remember when we first heard about this, Bret, I mean, I was -- we were on together and talking about this, and I didn't think there was any way the court was going to let stand a ruling that somebody would be disqualified from a ballot based on charges that have never been even formally lodged against him, let alone had he been convicted of.So, you know, it's a decision that I think lands us in the right place, and it's probably a good thing for the country that it was nine to nothing.BAIER: Yes, meantime, these poll numbers are you know, sometimes we over obsess on polls this far out of a general election. But when they started produce a trend, this is the approval number in the new Fox poll for the president. He is now underwater, approved 42 percent, disapprove 58 percent. You can see where it has ticked down from September of 2021. And it's sending over out alarm bells. Here's political science professor David Cohen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID COHEN, POLITICAL SCIENCE PROFESSOR, UNIVERSITY OF AKRON: The challenges that Joe Biden has, with his own party, his own base are the biggest challenges he's facing in this election. No president has ever won reelection in the modern era since polling began with an approval rating under 50 percent.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So, that is a challenge as this campaign is dealing with not only all the talk about age, and his mental fitness, and he -- as he gets ready to ready for a State of the Union on Thursday.HUME: Yes, these are pretty daunting numbers, Bret, as the political scientists just noted. And what seems to have happened is it isn't at Trump's level of approval or standing with the voters has gone up so much, that it is that Biden has come down so sharply.So, he's in a deep hole here, and trying to dig out of it will be difficult, especially in light of the fact that part of it is based on the fact that people have lost confidence in Biden and considerable measure because of his age and obvious infirmity.And that -- you know, that's not the kind that gets better. He may be able as people who are getting on in years sometimes can to summon a good night on the State of the Union address and make an effective reading of his speech from the teleprompter, which every president uses.But whether that will shake the confidence, it will reshape the lost confidence that he's gotten people have in him I think, is very much in doubt. Not to mention the fact that you know, the other issues that have dogged him to people. I think people lost faith in him when he pulled out of Afghanistan, they lost faith in him over inflation. And the effects of inflation are still very much being felt even though the rate of growth and it has subsided considerably.So, you know, this is a very daunting prospect and they will try very hard to make people think, well, he had but the other guy Donald Trump is worse. They may succeed in that, they did certainly in 2020. Whether they can do it this time around, I think it's a much bigger challenge for Biden than he faced four years ago.BAIER: And we haven't even talked about the border numbers and those are upside down as well. Brit, as always, thank you.Stocks were down ahead of new economic data and testimony from the Federal Reserve. The Dow lost 98, the S&P 500 was off six, the NASDAQ dropped 67.Up next, the enormous expense of the southern border crisis many miles away from the border in New York. We'll bring you there.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 2 in San Francisco as a major highway closed and ski resort shut down because of a powerful blizzard. Sections of Interstate 80 to the west and north of Lake Tahoe are impassable by blowing snow piling up in the lanes there.Forecasters warn more heavy snow is on the way for Northern California.Fox 4 in Dallas as wildfires in the Texas Panhandle force another town to evacuate over the weekend. The largest wildfire in state history is still only 15 percent contained. Strong weekend winds continue to spread those flames.And this is a live look at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia Fox 29, our affiliate there. one of the big stories there tonight, Eagle's center Jason Kelce says he is retiring after 13 seasons. Kelce was drafted by Philadelphia in the sixth round of the 2011 NFL draft. He went on to play the second most games in Eagle's history. Most experts believe, the brother of Kansas City's Chief, Travis Kelce will eventually be headed to the NFL Hall of Fame.That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)Breaking tonight, in just the past few minutes, the U.S. Supreme Court has just stayed enforcement of a Texas law giving state officials broad powers to arrest, prosecute, and order the removal of illegal immigrants.Earlier today, a federal appeals court ruled that law could take effect while the case is being litigated. It stayed the ruling for a week to give the Biden administration time to appeal, which it did. Now, the Supreme Court has added its voice stay in that ruling. We'll see how that goes.The border crisis is hitting New Yorkers in the wallet. City taxpayers in New York City have already paid $2.3 billion this year to house, feed, and care for illegal immigrants.Correspondent Bryan Llenas, shows us from New York just how expensive all of that is becoming.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): -- July, New York City has spent close to a billion-dollars of taxpayer money on housing migrants. It costs $400 a night to house one migrant family in hotels around the city like the Roosevelt.Last summer, New York State offered to help by launching a $25 million migrant relocation program, paying an entire year's rent for every migrant family that moves out of the city.The program has relocated just 178 families, short of the goal to help 1,250. Another 460 are waiting to be moved. And nearly 15,000 other migrant families relying on New York City funded housing for the near future. Part of the problem is New York City's suburban communities don't want them.ED DAY, COUNTY EXECUTIVE, ROCKLAND COUNTY: Because you asked for it. You're a sanctuary city, we're not.LLENAS (voice over): Rockland County Executive Ed Day says the costs are too much.DAY: The fact to the matter is we don't have the ability to do it. Because after that one year, who is going to be responsible for the mess, of course, that will be part of this.LLENAS: Today, just four of the state's 62 counties are accepting these migrant relocations, advocate stay migrants don't want to leave the city afraid they won't find work.JESUS AGUAIAS, AID FOR AIDS INTERNATIONAL: People are afraid to leave to go to an area that very few people speak Spanish. They are afraid to be accepted. They are afraid that their kids are going to be in a space where they don't know how they're going to be integrated.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): To qualify for this relocation program, migrant families have had to apply for asylum and be on track for work authorization. New York City has tried to eliminate the state requirements unsuccessfully thus far because they want more migrants to be able to fit relocated out of this city.The migrant crisis here is set to cost taxpayers $10-1/2 billion through 2025. Bret.BAIER: Bryan Llenas in New York. Bryan, thanks.Tonight, we'll show you the significant increase in Chinese-run illegal marijuana growing operations inside the U.S. national correspondent William La Jeunesse has an exclusive as he takes us on a raid with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputies as they go after several Chinese-back facilities.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: From Maine to California, law enforcement says Chinese nationals in many areas are taking over the illegal pot business.JEREMIAH LARUE, SHERIFF-CORONER, SISKIYOU COUNTY, CALIFORNIA: We've seen a tremendous explosion of Chinese folks coming in, and buying land and then growing illegal marijuana.LA JEUNESSE: In Siskiyou. County, California near the Oregon border, up to 8,000. plastic covered grow houses dot the landscape. The money? Police trace back to China. The labor to grow the pot, illegal Chinese immigrants who cross the Mexican border.LARUE: 75 percent or more are undocumented individuals that we're running into. And in the last few years, those numbers have increased dramatically.LA JEUNESSE: Major pot cases, multilayered, and time consuming have little appeal to prosecutors, especially, when the profits go overseas.And when arrests are made, it's often low-level farmworkers living in shacks, and they are typically out the next day.LARUE: The primary problem in California is the laws are just so lacks, and there's just not a lot of repercussion.LA JEUNESSE: The same is true in Maine and Washington State. Where police identified 749 grow sites associated with Chinese interests. And Oklahoma, where police say, 2,000 pot farms are Chinese owned or operated, including one raided last week.UNDERCOVER NARCOTICS DETECTIVE: We've seen quite an increase in the amount of Chinese Asian-owned, Asian-operated marijuana cultivation sites in L.A. County.LA JEUNESSE: Friday, deputies hit three Chinese operated warehouses in L.A.UNDERCOVER NARCOTICS DETECTIVE This site had a little over 4,000 marijuana plants. At today's yield, somewhere around $2 to $3 million.(END VIDEOTAPE)LA JEUNESSE: 50 congressmen, Republican and Democrat have asked the justice department for a briefing on how the Chinese government and communist party may be involved. Bret.BAIER: William, thank you.Up next, a Republican could make some noise in the California Senate primary tomorrow. We will talk with Steve Garvey.And later, Iranian-backed rebels sink a commercial ship in the Red Sea.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT. The presidential race not the only major issue on the ballots tomorrow. In California, for example, the Senate seat once belonging to the late Dianne Feinstein is in play. Republican Steve Garvey is one of the contenders in this deep blue state. He joins us tonight. Steve, thanks for being here.SEN. STEVE GARVEY, (R) CALIFORNIA SENATE CANDIDATE: It's an honor to be with you, Bret. Thanks.BAIER: First of all, you are obviously a baseball icon there in California. Why are you doing this?GARVEY: You know, Bret, September 1st of 1969 I came to Los Angeles. The Dodgers called me up, and I put a Dodger uniform on for the first time and my dreams came true. I had been a Dodger batboy at the age of seven spring training sitting next to Jackie Robinson and Campanella and Furillo. So on that September 1st, I got a chance to join the team, and 20 years later I had this great career, great players, championships, great managers.But in between, I had fallen in love with California. And that's why I'm running now. I love this state. I love its people. I woke up eight months ago and turned the TV on, and I could see a dysfunctional Washington. I could see the country elm pleading from within because of career politicians, the snarkiness, people who are running for power and not poor the people.And I thought to myself, let's run for the U.S. Senate. And I tapped my wife on the shoulder and, she turned over, and I said what do you think, honey? And she looked at me, and she said don't you think you are a little young? And I said well, as the old Reagan statement, I think I can overcome my youth and inexperience.It's been quite a journey. We announced just under five months ago. We've made great strides. I put a great team together. You know I'm a team builder and I'm a uniter. But I have been talking to the people of California about their lives, about issues that matter to them. And I travel around the state, I've looked at them in the eye, and I've said tell me about your life in 10, 15 minutes. An outpouring of emotion, because this isn't the California that they came to, where they wanted to start a family and build businesses. And they are disappointed, they're disillusioned. Back then it was the heartbeat of America, and now, it's just a murmur.BAIER: Yes. So the media who cover this, I have been paying attention though this race from afar. And I think they are kind of surprised at how you are doing. You've got these headlines, "Steve Garvey has barely campaigned in California. He is surging anyway." "L.A. Times", "Steve Garvey in statistical tie in first place with Adam Schiff while two Democratic Senate hopefuls are boosting Republican rivals in California," "The Washington Post." If you look at the latest polls you are up in this group, and you have to finish in the top two, and then there is a general election. Do you think a Republican can win in the Senate in California?GARVEY: Bret, I didn't get into this race not to win. I'm a commonsense, compassionate, consensus builder. This vibrant California needs somebody who they know and they can trust will go back to Washington and go to bat for them every day. I said I would be a one term senator. And in that one term I think I can get a lot done. People say, oh, you will be a lame duck. I, said but I will go back, and I'll go to each one of those 99 senators there, stick out my hand, and say I want to work with you for the best interests of your state and my state and this country.BAIER: We do this thing called Common Ground. We bring Republicans and Democrats on to talk about what they're working on as opposed to what they're battling over. There are actually a lot of things up on Capitol Hill that they are working on. But there are tough issues in California. "The L.A. Times" covering early in your campaign wrote this, "The former professional baseball player campaigned this winter by appearing at a homeless shelter in San Diego, taking a tour of Skid Row in Los Angeles. The point of the trip, he told reporters, was to get up to speed on this issue. "I haven't been at this very long so you've got to give me a little bit of leeway here."So given that, do you think you have some thoughts about solutions of the homeless problem and some of the biggest problems facing big cities in California?GARVEY: I do, Bret. If people go to SteveGarvey.com, they will see policy and a deeper dive. You've got remember, the people I'm running against have failed policy. They have stood by policies that are hurting the people of California and hurting this country.When I went to the border down in San Diego and walked with the U.S. Border Patrol and saw people flooding across this wonderful area of the country, and saw terrorist cartels that are vetting these people. People are dying. This is unconscionable, Bret. We should secure the border. Let's get back to a process of coming to this country legally by going to embassies in countries where they start.The real war is this border and the infiltration of 10 to 12 million illegal migrants who are straining our economy. Here in California, hardworking taxpaying people are paying for welfare for the illegal immigrants. We're spending twice as much than the Department of Education spent on our children. It takes three good taxpaying people to pay for the illegal immigrants. I mean, this is America. This should be a free market capitalism. It should be a meritocracy. And, yes, we should allow immigrants in. But at this point in our country under this leadership, Bret, around the world we are being strained.We need to get back to fighting crime in the streets, to making our police are not only well qualified but well supported. This country, this once vibrant country, people are asking what's wrong with America. And what I want to do is go to the Senate and start to fix things. And let's get this country where it should be.And as a senator, respecting the Constitution, and as a senator from California, representing the people. We, the people, the voice of the people needs to tell Washington what they want. And I expect to be their voice in this coming election.BAIER: Well, Steve Garvey, we are going to cover your at-bat tomorrow for Super Tuesday out of California, and thanks for coming on.GARVEY: Bret, thank you so much. God bless.BAIER: Just a note, we did invite the other leading candidates in the California Senate race to join us here on SPECIAL REPORT.Up next, the U.S. military drops humanitarian relief into Gaza. We'll show you how that went.And later, the U.S. Supreme Court clears the way for former president Donald Trump, but his legal challenge is far from over, that and politics with the panel.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Former Trump Organization chief financial officer Allen Weisselberg is pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge, pleaded guilty to perjury in connection to former President Trump's civil fraud trial. Weisselberg is expected to be sentenced to five months in jail. He will be released until his formal sentencing, which is scheduled for April 10th.Massachusetts Air National Guard member Jack Teixeira pleaded guilty to carrying out one of the most serious U.S. national security breaches in years. Teixeira was charged with leaking classified military documents on a social media platform. He entered his plea in a Boston courtroom. The plea deal calls for him to serve at least 11 years in prison.A red alert warning sound was heard in southern Israel today as smoke rose over the Gaza Strip. It is the latest action in the Israel-Hamas war that began last October when terrorists killed 1,200 people, took 250 hostages. Cease-fire negotiations are continuing at this hour in Egypt.Meantime, senior U.S. defense officials say this weekend's airdrops of relief supplies into Gaza were the first of many. How is that all being received across the region? Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin reports tonight from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Americans C-130 transport planes dropped 38,000 meals ready to eat along the beaches of southwest Gaza. The aerial deliver comes after more than 100 Palestinians were killed during a failed humanitarian aid delivery Thursday. Thirty trucks were stormed by hungry crowds in northern Gaza and the Israeli military opened fire amidst the stampede.KAMALA HARRIS, (D) VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There must be an immediate cease-fire. This will get the hostages out and get a significant amount of aid in.GRIFFIN: The vice president spoke again before meeting Israeli minister Benny Gantz.HARRIS: Israel has a right to defend itself. Far too many Palestinian civilians, innocent civilians, have been killed. We need to get more aid in. We need to get the hostages out, and that remains our position.GRIFFIN: Miles of humanitarian aid trucks are lined up on the border with Gaza waiting to go in, but face delays by the Israeli government who control the borders, and Egypt and Hamas. And 2.3 million Palestinians are facing hunger with many parents foregoing meals to feed their children one meal a day, some by mixing bird and animal feed with flour to make bread.WILLIAM SCHOMBURG, INTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE OF THE RED CROSS: Airdrops are really only ever used as an absolute last resort. They're logistically very complicated and very expensive as well.GRIFFIN: Meanwhile in the Red Sea, a Belize flagged ship, the Rubymar, that was carrying 21,000 metric tons of fertilizer finally sunk Saturday after being hit by a Houthi antiship missile on February 18th.(END VIDEO TAPE)GRIFFIN: The leak poses an ecological disaster for the Red Sea and its coral reefs. Tonight, we are learning, Bret, about three undersea data cables in the red sea that have been cut as a result of ongoing Houthi attacks. This is affecting Internet and telecommunications around the world, with 25 percent of all data traffic crossing the Red Sea having been affected. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you.Up next, the panel on Super Tuesday, Former President Trump legal and political roadmap, and President Biden's poll numbers as of late.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. French lawmakers overwhelmingly approve a bill to enshrine abortion rights in France's constitution. The measure was approved in a 780 to 72 vote in the Palace of Versailles. Abortion has wide support in France across most of the political spectrum and has been legal since 1975.But here is the key point -- elective abortions in France are limited to 14 weeks.And this is a live look at London. One of the big stories there tonight, British police say they have recovered a Ferrari stolen from Austrian Formula One driver Gerhard Berger in Italy almost three decades ago. It was one of two sports cars taken while the drivers were competing in the San Marino Grand Prix in April of 1995. Neither was ever found until London's metropolitan police force was tipped off by the manufacturer in January that a Ferrari in the process of being sold to a U.S. buyer by a U.K. broker had been flagged as a stolen vehicle.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: The voters can take the person out of the race very quickly. But a court shouldn't be doing that, and the Supreme Court saw that.JONATHAN TURLEY, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY LAW PROFESSOR: The three liberal justices on the court, they stood with their colleagues, spoke with one voice, and said enough. We should take some solace and encouragement from that.JENA GRISWOLD, (D) COLORADO SECRETARY OF STATE: I do believe that states should be able under our Constitution to bar oath-breaking insurrectionists. It will be up to the American voters to save our democracy in November.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, the Supreme Court justices nine to zero unanimous vote on Colorado kicking off the former president in the ballot there. In her opinion, Justice Coney Barrett Amy Coney Barrett, says "The unanimous outcome is really what Americans should take from this. The court has settled a politically charged issue in the volatile season of a presidential election. Particularly in this circumstance, writings on the court should turn the national temperature down, not up. All nine justices agree on the outcome of this case. That is the message Americans should take home."OK, let's start there with our panel, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, Olivia Beavers, congressional reporter for "Politico," and Trey Gowdy, former Congressman from South Carolina. Trey, what do you think of this ruling, what it means, and what it means for the former president?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, the Colorado secretary of state did what no one else in the world, I don't think, can do, which is create a unified U.S. Supreme Court, nine to zip. Although, to be fair, the opinions were a little bit fractured. The result was, just as President Trump said, beat me with ballots, but don't beat me with prosecutors and ballot bans. And I thought his press conference, Bret, struck a very general election tone. The primary is over. I mean, he is going to be the nominee. It's time to talk like that, and I thought he did today.BAIER: Here is Andy McCarthy, Olivia, on what the Supreme Court may have been trying to signal as well.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ANDREW MCCARTHY, FORMER ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY: I think the Democrats are very much banking on court action to -- well, to hurt Trump's campaign, maybe fatally. And I think the Supreme Court is saying, we don't want to be involved in this come after Election Day when somebody comes to us and asks us to disqualify him.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: To be fair, a lot of Democrats up on Capitol Hill, Olivia, have said no, you got to fight it in the ballot box.OLIVIA BEAVERS, "POLITICO": Certainly, and I think it's pretty interesting and telling when we are looking at reactions, Republicans were applauding the Supreme Court decision, and Democrats were pretty quiet. There were some who were basically hitting the Supreme Court decision, even though as we noted earlier, they were all on the same page. Hakeem Jefferies sort of came out with a cryptic message. He's the Democratic leader, saying we look forward to fighting this at the ballot boxes and urged people to vote, essentially. So, I think that's how Democrats are basically playing it.BAIER: Tomorrow, Super Tuesday, Republican delegates up for grabs, 15 states as well as American Samoa. You have got a lot of delegates out there in the map. He can't clinch mathematically, the former president can't, but Nikki Haley was on Martha's show today, and Martha valiantly tried to get a roadmap ahead. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Is it fair to say that you will be making some kind of decision on Wednesday?NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Our goal has always been to stay competitive. And as long as we're competitive, we are going to keep on running through the tape.MACCALLUM: What does staying competitive -- how do you define that come Wednesday morning?HALEY: Well, usually it's the media that defines what is competitive. But I will tell you we have some internal numbers that we are going to look for, and that's what we're going to focus on. I'm not going to share those today, but our goal is just to be competitive.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Guy, what do you think this all means and how long does this go on?GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Tomorrow is the delegate deluge of Super Tuesday -- excuse me -- and former President Trump is widely expected to win dramatically. Some of these states are winner take all. He's going to just suck up a huge number of these delegates. She can pick off some here or there, but I think Martha was asking the correct questions today, what are these metrics for success? What does success actually look like? What does "competitive" mean?I understand that Haley is keeping those cards pretty close to the vest for the moment. I think she will answer to her campaign, to her donors at some point, how long can this go on. But she was being a bit cagey about it. I would expect that on Wednesday maybe something would change if tomorrow goes as expected. But who knows? I mean, she is stuck with this. And she just pulled off a primary win in D.C. over the weekend. So they might point to that for a little bit of momentum, but the momentum could very much go away tomorrow.BAIER: Meantime, Trey, the general election is taking shape, and it will be the longest general election we have ever seen, likely. The polling has really been tough for the Biden campaign. This "New York Times"-Siena poll inside -- besides the topline numbers -- inside the poll, here is Democratic primary voters think Biden should be or not be the 2024 nominee. Democrats, yes, 46 percent, no 45 percent. Then you look at this question, too old to be an effective president? Yes, he's too old, 73 percent for Biden. And then it's 42 percent for Trump. These poll numbers are increasingly becoming an issue. I mean, it's a trend. It's not one poll. It's not an outlier. It's a lot of different polls.GOWDY: Yes, it kind of makes you wonder how long Democrats let him be the nominee. They want to beat Trump. So what to Joe Biden's 60 years of service. Bret, the reality ,is sometimes in life, once people get to know you, they like you better. Sometimes once they get to know you, they don't like you at all. And people know Joe Biden. He just -- he is not -- he doesn't have the likability that other Democrat potential candidates could have. I wouldn't be surprised if he is the nominee in November. They are not going to let him lose to someone who currently has 90 felony counts against him. They are not going to let that out.BAIER: To "60 Minutes'" credit, Olivia, here is the former Border Patrol chief Raul Ortiz.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RAUL ORTIZ, FORMER BORDER PATROL CHIEF: I have never had one conversation with the president or the vice president, for that matter. And so I was the chief of the Border Patrol, I commanded 21,000 people. That's a problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: He never talked to him. And then you look at these polls about the border situation, the situation is an emergency, 78 percent. This becomes a just key issue, not only tomorrow but all throughout this campaign.BEAVERS: Yes, it certainly seems it's going to be a knock against him optically. This is one of the issues Biden has been trailing Donald Trump. So he hasn't been talking to someone who has been very much on the front lines of his border, that's not a great look for him.BAIER: Yes. And the other poll, increasing group since 2019 saying border is a problem, Guy, look at this, Democrats plus 27. Those are big, big numbers.BENSON: President Biden over two border visits has seen zero illegal immigrants, and now we know he spoke to his Border Patrol chief zero times. That speaks volumes.BAIER: All right, panel, thanks so much.And finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Whose girl this is, but we've got find out. I'm just taking a rest in between. I'm going to take her down.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Stevie (ph) is a dog who was reunited with her owner after being rescued from 1,000 feet up an Hawaiian mountain. Sergio Floria discovered Stevie on the edge of a mountain cliff during a training run. He carried the 40-pound dog down the mountain, found the owner, a local pig hunter, on social media. The owner said the pup broke during a walk, took off on a pig trail. There you go, reunited.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, full coverage, Super Tuesday races. Please join us for the special coverage, begins 7:00 p.m. eastern time. We got you covered, as always, fair, balanced, and unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.