RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Next week again?JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: You will remember.ARROYO: I will.CHAFFETZ: Yes.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I'll never forget it.ANITA VOGEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Never forget it. All right, good one, Jason.That does it for us. We are going to see you next weekend. Stay tuned.LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN that is going to start right now. Have a great night, everyone.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.You know, we hear a lot about the law, the Constitution, most of it is superficial, and most of the information you get about it from the media, especially news platforms, is false. Some of it outright lies, much of it influenced by the Democratic Party and the Democrats within the media and so forth.One of the issues that's been front and center is impeachment, impeachment of Mayorkas, the Secretary of DHS, a Cabinet officer, and what you're hearing the mantra is, "You don't impeach somebody based on policy differences, and you don't impeach somebody and open the door wide so that they can then return and impeach you."Of course, we get this mostly from people who brought two outrageous impeachments against Donald Trump that do not stand -- stand -- on the Constitution.So let's dig into this briefly. You'll be more knowledgeable than any legal analyst, any former federal prosecutor, any former federal judge, or anybody else on TV and radio, and I'll tell you why.The greatest book ever written about impeachment was written in 1973 by Raoul Berger. He is deceased, but he was a former professor at Harvard Law School, he was acknowledged as such, probably the greatest constitutional scholar of modern times, and he wrote a book "Impeachment: The Constitutional Problems," as they say in 1973, stick with me. I just want to give you the basis for this.What exactly is a high crime? You've heard people say, impeachment is whatever Congress says it is. No, it's not. It is a constitutional process. Congress has limitations, too. But it also has obligations.Well, what do we mean by misdemeanors? Actual crimes? No high crimes and misdemeanors never meant actual crimes.Listen to this: High crimes and misdemeanors are a category of political crimes against state. What's a political crime? It's not a criminal code crime against the state. What they meant by that is an attack on the society, on the civil society, on the culture, on the governing system, and so forth, not policy disagreements, not even strong policy disagreements.You take an oath to uphold the Constitution. If you're not upholding the Constitution. If you're not upholding the Constitution, if you're rogue and you're violating federal law, that is a political crime against the body politic. That's what they mean by that.Whereas misdemeanors per se, describe criminal sanctions for private wrongdoings. He goes on. He says: High crimes and misdemeanors appear to be words of art confined to impeachments. Without roots in the ordinary criminal law, and which so far as I can discover, he said had no relation to whether an indictment would lie in the particular circumstances.What the framers of your Constitution did is they spent an enormous amount of time debating impeachment. The first issue they debated the most was this creation of an executive, a presidency, what it would look like and so forth.And so the second biggest issue was impeachment. They looked at English common law. They went back all the way to the 1300s. They looked at how Parliament handled "impeachment" vis-a-vis the King, and they looked at as much historical information as they could in order to come up with the language.They rejected maladministration, because they thought, well, if we say maladministration as a basis for impeachment, then Congress will always be able to blackmail a president. So it's not what Congress says it is, it is what the framers of the Constitution meant it to be.What is the language in the Constitution? Article II, Section 4: The President, Vice President and all civil officers, that will be Cabinet secretaries of the United States shall be removed from office on impeachment for and conviction of treason, bribery, and other high crimes and misdemeanors -- and other high crimes and misdemeanors.The path by which the framers arrived at this language is traceable in the records of the constitutional convention itself through Madison's notes. So we know where this comes from.Some uneasiness apparently was excited by the breadth of the power of impeachment for there were repeated assurances that impeachment was meant only for "great injuries," "great misdemeanors."James Iredell, later on the Supreme Court himself told the North Carolina Convention that the occasion for its exercise, that is impeachment, will arise from acts of great injury to the community, to the nation.Impeachment, said Governor Johnston in that convention, "is a mode of trial pointed out for great misdemeanors against the public," great offenses against society.From James Wilson -- Wilson was a great delegate from Pennsylvania -- his expression of hope in the Pennsylvania convention that impeachments "will seldom happen, it is inferable that he too was concerned only with serious misconduct."So the question is whether the impeachment of Mayorkas was policy maladministration, and therefore illegitimate, as the Democrats and the media and three Republicans keep telling you or whether it was legitimate.So let's actually look at the Articles of Impeachment, which I don't think any news platform has done, and actually read from some of this. Is it policy? Is it politics? Is it opinion? Or is it clear violations -- intentional, repeated violations of law, pattern of lies to the other branch of government, Congress and to the American people.Number one: Alejandro Mayorkas willfully refused to comply with the detention mandate set forth in Section 235 (b) (2) (A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act requiring that all applicants for admission who are not clearly and beyond a doubt entitled to be admitted, shall be detained for a removal proceeding.Instead of complying with this requirement, Mayorkas implemented a catch- and-release scheme whereby such aliens are unlawfully released, even without effective mechanisms to ensure appearances before the immigration courts for removal proceedings, or to ensure removal in the case of aliens ordered removed.Number two: Mayorkas willfully refused to comply with the detention mandate set forth in another section of federal law 235 (b) (1) (B) (II) of such act requiring that an alien who is placed in the expedited removal proceeding is determined to have a credible fear of prosecution, "shall be detained for further consideration of the application for asylum." Instead of complying with this requirement. Mayorkas implemented a catch-and- release scheme where such aliens are unlawfully released even without effective mechanisms to ensure appearances before the immigration courts for removal proceeding, or to ensure removal in the case of aliens ordered removed.Two violations of the federal immigration law. Clear as day. But there is more.Three: Mayorkas willfully refused to comply with detention set forth in Section 235 (b) (1) (B) (iii) (IV) of the act, requiring that an alien who is placed in the expedited removal proceedings and determined not to have a credible fear of persecution, "shall be detained until removed."Instead of complying with this requirement, Mayorkas has implemented a catch-and-release scheme whereby such aliens are unlawfully released, even without effective mechanisms to assure appearances before the immigration courts for removal proceedings, or to ensure removal in case of aliens ordered removed.That's why people say follow the existing federal immigration laws. We don't need any more laws. The laws are extensive. They are precise. They require people to be held. They require people to be deported. It gives them certain due process rights under administrative law judges, all of that's been bulldozed by Mayorkas and Biden.Four: Mayorkas willfully refused to comply with the detention mandate set forth in Section 236 (c) of the Act requiring that a criminal alien who is inadmissible or deportable on certain criminal and terrorism related grounds, "shall be taken into custody" when the alien is released from law enforcement custody. Instead of complying with this requirement, Mayorkas issued "guidelines for the enforcement of civil immigration laws," which instructs Department of Homeland Security, DHS officials, that "the fact that individual is removable noncitizen should not alone be the basis of an enforcement action against him, and that DHS personnel should not rely on the fact of conviction alone, even with respect to alien subject to mandatory arrest or detention pursuant to the law.So he supersedes the law with a memo.Number five: Mayorkas willfully refused to comply with detention mandates set forth in Section 241 (a) (2), the Immigration Act, requiring that an alien ordered removed "shall be detained during the removal period." Instead of complying with this mandate. Mayorkas issued again his own memo, "Guidelines for the enforcement of civil immigration laws," which instructs DHS officials that the fact an individual is a removable noncitizen should not alone be the basis of an enforcement action against them.Wow. Personnel should not rely on the fact of conviction alone. So personnel must not rely on the specifics of federal law. Instead, Mayorkas writes his own law.Number six: Mayorkas willfully exceeded his parole authority set forth in Section 212 (d) (5 ) (A) of federal law that permits parole to be granted only on a case by case basis temporarily and for urgent humanitarian reasons or a significant public benefit.Now how did he violate that? A: He paroled aliens en masse in order to release them from mandatory detention despite the fact that the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit concluded in 2021 "paroling every alien DHS cannot detain is the opposite of the case by case basis determinations required by federal law."B: Mayorkas created, reopened, or expanded a series of categorical parole programs never authorized by Congress for foreign nationals outside the United States. He wrote his own laws -- including for certain Central American minors, Ukrainians, Venezuelans, Cubans, Haitians, Nicaraguans, Colombian, Salvadorans, Guatemalans and Hondurans, which enabled hundreds of thousands of inadmissible aliens to enter the United States in violation of the laws enacted by Congress under the Immigration and Naturalization Act.Number seven: Mayorkas willfully exceeded his release authority set forth in Section 236 (A) of the law that permits in certain circumstances the release of aliens arrested on an administrative warrant, in that Mayorkas released aliens arrested without warrant, despite their subject to a separate applicable mandatory detention requirements set forth in federal law.Now, what are the consequences to the country? The case said he has committed a high crime is beyond dispute. These aren't policy arguments.I spend more time on this program unraveling the lies in the media, the lies by the Democratic Party and quite frankly, the lies by the RINOs led by Mitch McConnell than I do anything else, because I have to be a counterweight to all the propaganda that's being pushed out there.The consequences have been devastating as a result of his committing high crimes and misdemeanors; high crimes specifically, that is crimes, political crimes against the body politic.During fiscal years 2017 through 2020, an average of about 590,000 aliens each fiscal year were encountered as inadmissible aliens at ports of entry on the southwest border, were apprehended between ports of entry.Thereafter, Mayorkas' tenure in office, that number has skyrocketed from 590,000 to 1,400,000 in 2021, over 2.3 million in fiscal year 2022, over 2.4 million in fiscal year 2023. Similarly, during fiscal years 2017 through 2020, an average of 130,000 persons who were not turned back were apprehended after making an illegal entry were observed along the border each fiscal year.During Mayorkas' time in office, the number more than trebled to 400,000 in fiscal 2021; six hundred thousand in fiscal 2022 and 750,000 in fiscal 2023. During Mayorkas' tenure as Secretary of Homeland Security, the immigration court backlog has more than doubled from about 1.3 million cases to over three million cases.The exploding backlog is destroying the court's ability to administer justice and provide appropriate relief in a timeframe that does not run into years or even decades.During Mayorkas' tenure as Secretary of Homeland Security, approximately 450,000 unaccompanied alien children, minors have been encountered at the southwest border and the vast majority been released into the United States.As a result, there's been a dramatic upsurge in migrant children being employed in dangerous and exploitive jobs in the United States -- sex slavery, pornography -- same with young girls, same with women, same with some men. What's going on the border is inhumane. It's anarchy. It's chaos. It's slavery -- sex slavery, other forms of slavery. Drug cartels are making tens of billions of dollars.Now we have a problem with Communist Chinese nationals pouring into the country. We have no idea who they are. They're not properly vetted. We don't have the personnel. The personnel that they wanted to hire under the phony bipartisan act will be basically rubber stamping entry, rubber stamping parole, rubber stamping the illegality that Mayorkas and Biden have already set into motion.Mayorkas' failure to enforce the law drawing millions of illegal aliens to the southwest border has led to the reassignment of US Border Patrol agents from protecting the border from illicit drug trafficking to processing illegal aliens for release. Mayorkas has degraded public safety by leaving wide swaths of the border effectively uncontrolled as US Border agents are diverted from guarding the border to processing for unlawful release the heightening wave of apprehended aliens.During Mayorkas' tenure, the US Border Patrol has encountered an increasing number of aliens with a terrorist watch list. In fiscal years 2017 through 2020, combined 11 non-citizens on the terrorist watchlist were caught attempting to cross the southwest border between ports of entry, 11 in a three-year period. That number increased to 15 in fiscal 2021, ninety-eight in fiscal 2022, one hundred and sixty-nine in fiscal 2023, and only part of this year already 49.And keep in mind, we don't catch them all. There are hundreds of millions of people coming into this country called gotaways. We don't know a damn thing about them. And the ones we catch, we almost don't know a damn thing about them.Those cops, the NYPD in New York, who were assaulted who were beaten by illegal aliens, most of those illegal aliens who attacked them were part of a vicious Venezuela gang, now an international gang. We now have in our country, this vicious Venezuela international gang teaming up with MS-13. We didn't have this three years ago, all kinds of consequences, economic, criminal, so forth.Our sovereignty is being destroyed, and of course, our enemy is going to try and push as many of their spies into our country as possible.Now, don't tell me these aren't impeachable offenses, that these are policy differences, or that we're opening Pandora's Box to future impeachments. We're opening Pandora's Box to future impeachments for those who deserve it.I just read to you, and I could have read more.Of the Articles of Impeachment, citing specific sections of a federal law that's been in place for decades, the Immigration and Naturalization Act, duly passed by Congresses, duly signed by presidents with amendments and so forth.And so Joe Biden, and Mayorkas have decided they're going to change our federal immigration law, whether we like it or not, whether Congress likes it or not, and you're not going to have a damn thing to say about it.And so he issues 94 executive orders in his first days in office, to open our borders to violate federal law, to change parole, to change all the conditions for people to come into this country. He's attracted millions of people trying to get into this country. Our southern border has been destroyed. Our northern border is being destroyed, our cities are being destroyed.And I might add our culture, people are not assimilating into our culture. It is being destroyed for many one, E Pluribus Unum. Now it's the opposite, from one many and Joe Biden has done this. He could stop it. They used this phony bipartisan bill, which had about four Republican senators support it; Mitch McConnell, the lead, which would have enshrined every single violation of law I just told you about, every single violation of our criminal statutes, every single problem that we are facing would have been enshrined, they would have waved it around like a Neville Chamberlain type saying, see, we have a bipartisan agreement. Everybody, you're safe. Everything is fine. It's not a problem.Now you know what impeachment is really about and now you know that Mayorkas deserved it and even more. The same article of impeachment should be issued now against Joe Biden. Joe Biden is the biggest slaver in American history by what's going on, on that border. And it's on his watch due to his policies. And nobody gives a damn certainly not this media and it's being done intentionally and purposefully. The same conditions for a high crime apply to Joe Biden.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We have two great guests this evening: Former ambassador to Israel from the United States and the Trump administration, David Friedman and our friend Craig Shirley, the number one biographer of Ronald Reagan. He has a fantastic new book out with lessons that we can learn today.But first, David Friedman, it's my contention that Israel is now fighting a two front war. One, militarily, two, diplomatically. Militarily, they're surrounded by terrorist, Palestinian terrorists, Iranian terrorists, Hezbollah, the Houthis, Hamas, the PLO, Iran and the rest and they are actually winning the war against Hamas. And then they have a war going on, a diplomatic war where the United States administration has turned on Israel, is issuing executive orders targeting Jewish citizens, issuing executive orders essentially accusing Israel of war crimes.Obviously, they can't do that with Hamas, because they do that every day. Also trying to organize the Middle East and the rest of the world to impose on Israel, a Palestinian state, whatever that means, and worse.Now, you were the ambassador to Israel. You have a home there, you live there for a good part of your life. Your family does, you're watching what's going on? What is your take on this?DAVID FRIEDMAN, FORMER AMBASSADOR TO ISRAEL FROM THE UNITED STATES: Well, Mark, I've never seen the United States turn on Israel in this manner. It is deeply frustrating, of course, totally contrary to the way we manage that relationship when we were in office.Look, you know, Joe Biden started off with, you know, references to Israel engaged in indiscriminate bombing. And then he changed that to over the top military activity. It's a complete lie.You know, if you look at the ratio of terrorists killed to civilians, it's the lowest in modern warfare, the absolute lowest. Israel does everything it can to avoid civilian casualties and Joe Biden is not giving them any credit, whatever.He has issued, as you pointed out this executive order, which, you know, on its face, you know, targets for Israelis that nobody ever heard of, on some, you know, local law enforcement issues with regard to violence against Palestinians, even though the vast majority of violence, you know, occurs by Palestinians against Israelis, but then he writes it in this incredibly broad way, which could literally target anyone that the State Department deems, you know, uncooperative with regard to their view of peace and prosperity.Then as your point that, this whole idea about a Palestinian state, you know, he is negotiating with Europe and with the Saudis for a Palestinian state. You know, he is not negotiating with Israel, he is not negotiating with the one country that will literally be destroyed by this state, because we all know it will be a terrorist state.And then, you know, if you want to add insult to injury, he brings to the White House, King Abdullah, right, who is the King of Jordan. Jordan is itself a Palestinian state. Jordan is 72 percent of mandatory Palestine. Most of its population are Palestinians.King Abdullah's dad killed 25,000 Palestinians in an uprising called Black September. And this guy, right, who oversees, you know, a monarchy with no freedoms is one of the least free places in the world. He, from the White House podium, lectures Israel, on the importance of establishing a second Palestinian state, while Joe Biden sits there and tries to find the right place to stand.So I mean, we are in a very dangerous place in Israel. And of course, you know, Iran, which is the head of the snake, you know, is stronger than ever, richer than ever.You know, when we left the office, they were broke and Qasem Soleimani was dead. The only thing Joe Biden hasn't done is bring Soleimani money back to life. But short of that, you know, Iran is a very wealthy country, they don't enforce any of the sanctions and the money that Iran makes from selling oil to Russia and China, our two greatest enemies, that money is being used to block shipping lanes in Yemen from the Houthis, to Iraqi Hezbollah killing Americans, to Syria, to Hezbollah killing Israelis to Hamas.So you see, in just three years, just three short years, how the world has turned upside down, and especially the Middle East under Joe Biden.LEVIN: Hundred percent right. Nobody can explain the Iran policy except the handful of us. They want to strengthen Iran, they actually have this realignment belief others have talked about, Michael Dolan and others, which is basically Iran should get nukes. Iran should be just as powerful as Israel. That way we don't have this oppressor nation, Israel, everybody sort of equal and their cultures will come together, they'll learn to live together.Are these people nuts? Do they even read what the terrorists say? Do they understand Iran already has a country? It's not about another country. They're attacking our own soldiers. They won't even touch Iran. I mean, the fact is, if Israel follows what Biden wants them to follow, Israel will commit suicide, no?FRIEDMAN: Look, Iran with a nuclear weapon is the greatest threat that America would face. Forget about Israel, of course, Israel will be, you know, in the shorter line of fire. But you know, the Iranians hate America more than they hate Israel.Okay, and a nuclear weapon in the hands of the Iranians will put every person in America at risk, and these guys are nuts. As you point out, these are theocrats. These are people who want to bring about you know, the coming of their -- somehow their redemption in their warped theology.And there is no credible theory by which they are -- the world is better off with them being anything other than broke and barren of weapons and we're doing exactly the opposite.LEVIN: When we return, Mr. Ambassador, Blinken, I think is a hardcore left, this ideologue, that's why he brought Robert Malley in, a Marxist, an apologist for the Iranians. And then he brought in what is accused of being a spy ring, actually.But in the case of Biden, he is more a chameleon. And so he is worried about Dearborn, Michigan. He's worried about his election. He's making these outrageous public and private statements about an elected prime minister of Israel.He wants to remove the prime minister of Israel, and put a lackey in there who will do what he wants to do -- all of this is going on,, at least in Biden's mind, I would argue, because he wants to get re-elected and Blinken sees an opportunity to push the Obama agenda.I want your thoughts when we return.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.The United States is threatening to veto a new Algerian-led ceasefire resolution between Israel and Hamas at the United Nations Security Council. The US Ambassador to the UN says Washington is already working on its own deal between the warring sides, it would see the release of hostages and bring a pause to fighting for at least six weeks. Negotiations between Israel and Hamas though remain at an impasse. The UN is likely to vote on the resolution on Tuesday.Time is running out for Special Counsel Jack Smith to respond to an emergency filing from former President Trump over his election interference case. Trump is asking the Supreme Court to temporarily block a lower court decision that unanimously rejected his claims of immunity from prosecution. Smith has until Tuesday to counter Trump's appeal.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Ambassador Friedman, the Trump administration came up with a plan that worked, all of these peace deals breaking out, these Abraham Accords breaking out, terrorism had its -- had America and the world's foot on its throat. Iran was in a box. It was crumbling.And then in comes the Biden administration, like arsonists, they light the place up and they put all the pressure on Israel, not their enemies, Israel. What do you make of that?FRIEDMAN: Well, nothing good is going to come of it. I mean, the reason why we were able to establish these new peace deals in the Middle East that hadn't been achieved in 25 years, was because we supported Israel and because we were tough on Iran. That's the formula.That's the way to be respected within the Middle East, tough on Iran, and side with Israel, and these countries will then gravitate towards Israel, because they are a more reliable, and a more beneficial ally. That was the formula. It's not complicated. And he's done exactly the opposite.You know, he follows -- it's interesting -- he follows the same path of Mahmoud Abbas. Abbas will speak you know, to the Western world, you know, in glowing terms of peace, and then he speaks to his own people in Arabic and he speaks about how he wants to kill every Jew.You know, what Biden is doing is he will make these you know, who offer these platitudes about Israel from time to time, but then he's got these guys. He's got this guy named Jon Finer, who I don't know, but who works for the State Department, fairly senior position, sends him off to Dearborn, Michigan, and he gives a speech and he apologizes for every aspect of support that Biden gave to Israel and says it was all a mistake.So you know, the real Joe Biden needs to stand up at some point and say who he is because you know in this election year, he is saying two very different things to two very different audiences. He has got a pro-Israel segment unfortunately shrinking within Democratic Party that he's trying to placate, and then he's got this highly anti-Israel segment, unfortunately, growing within the Democratic Party, that he wants to placate even more, and he's just tripping all over himself, trying to thread that needle.LEVIN: And as a result, Israel in my view, has this two-front war diplomatic; the United States is leading Europe and the Arab countries and even some of these terrorists, against Israel organizing, trying to pressure them trying to force Netanyahu out of office. And then, of course, Israel, on the other hand, is having to fight a real war, hand to hand combat even in Gaza, which it is winning, which is being told it cannot win, and it cannot take Hamas leaders.Let me ask you this about the United States, the horrendous vile spread of antisemitism in our colleges and universities, and to streets, and to the media, and to the Democratic Party, wouldn't you think at this point, a real statesman, a real leader, a president of the United States would give a speech to the nation on this subject, it is so bad, it's stench like 1930s around here.Instead, this moral equivalency about Islamophobia, his Department of Justice, his Department of Education, they barely lift the finger. What's your take on that?FRIEDMAN: It's so disappointing, it is worse than disappointing, it is despicable because Jews are at risk at every college campus, including, you know, I put it in quotes, the most elite college campuses. He should go to Harvard. You know, he should go to Columbia. He should get up and say that the United States will not tolerate antisemitism on campus and the United States will withhold funding from any university that permits its faculty or its students to publicly create an environment where Jews don't feel safe. It's very simple.If it were any other minority, he'd be doing that. But you know, he doesn't think it's politically necessary, and that's why he's not. And he's not letting Israel win this war. You know, Israel will win this war. They're doing great, by the way. I mean, they're down to four battalions out of 20 -- out of 24 you know, and Hamas -- they will win this war if America will just take the handcuffs off of them.And the only way, the only way to achieve any peace and stability in this region is not through executive orders, which are just ridiculous. It's by letting Israel defeat this horrible enemy and move forward from there and then begin to rebuild, but only after Hamas is obliterated.LEVIN: I think Biden takes his orders from Thomas Friedman at the Holocaust denying "New York Times" who in my view is an absolute kook.I think that Antony Blinken who John McCain said was a dangerous man, not qualified to be Deputy Secretary of State, let alone Secretary of State. This guy, Malley, who they had to remove under suspicious circumstances and yanked his classification ticket, the people he brought in who were back channeling with the Iranians, when they were supposed to be negotiating for us to try and prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapons.I will say this, the buck does stop with Joe Biden. And Joe Biden has been the worst president in the history of our country, I think, but also the worst president towards Israel.Final comments, please.FRIEDMAN: No, I think you're right, and just to be clear, the idea of forcing upon Israel, a Palestinian state, which will undoubtedly be a terrorist state, the vast majority, 80-plus majority of Palestinians side with Hamas, glorify Hamas, exalt Hamas, taking those people and giving them an independent state, you know, within a few miles of Tel Aviv or Jerusalem is going to destroy Israel. Period. And that's where Joe Biden is heading. Let there be no mistake about it.LEVIN: It would be very nice if some of the conservative Republican elements in and out of Congress would be a little bit more aggressive in challenging him. This is a rogue foreign policy with a rogue president and a rogue the Secretary of State who've taken it upon themselves to blow up the Middle East as they have other parts of the world and we're supposed to have checks and balances in this country.Mr. Ambassador, thank you for everything you've done everything you're doing. God bless to you and your beautiful family.FRIEDMAN: God bless you, Mark. Thank you.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.You know, there are historians and there are historians, and I have one of the great historians on the Reagan era and Ronald Reagan with us today and it is very, very important because there are lessons we can learn from Reagan, his presidency, his candidacy, that I think are crucial today when people are running around, mostly people who never supported Reagan and never would support Reagan telling us what Reagan thought and that they are more Reagan than Reaganites are.Our buddy is Craig Shirley, his fantastic new book, "The Search for Reagan."Craig, why did you write this book? And how would it impact us today?CRAIG SHIRLEY, AUTHOR: I wrote it because there are so many lies that have been spot about Reagan over the years. You know, Napoleon once said that history is a pack of lies agreed upon. And so I wanted to refute the lies of the left about Reagan's intellect, about his compassion, about his handling of Gorbachev and so many issues.But also I wanted to write it because I wanted to explore Reagan's considerable intellect and his considerable compassion, both of which he had a great deal of.LEVIN: And how do we apply this two today? In other words, I feel like a lot of even Republicans and conservatives think the world began with them. And by the way, that's how Marx used to think. The hell with history, but we, conservatives, we believe history is crucial.Ronald Reagan won the two biggest landslides in Republican Party history and he was a conservative. How did he do that?SHIRLEY: Don't forget, he was a Democrat for you know, many, many years, long before he was a Republican. And so he spoke to Democrats, cultural Democrats and economic Democrats in a way they've never heard before from a Republican, not from Gerald Ford, not from Richard Nixon, so he is able to reach conservatives in the Republican Party and the Democratic Party.You know, history was important to him. Engraved at the wall at the Reagan Library is the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution -- two very important documents to Reagan, of course, he cited more framers and founders and philosophers in his eight years as president, the most presidents do in a lifetime, certainly more than Joe Biden.LEVIN: And in this, he tapped into blue collar America, so called working class America, union members, non-union members. In many ways, the way Trump has as well, wouldn't you say?SHIRLEY: Absolutely, absolutely. They are both populists in their own right. You know, Reagan is overlooked. He was a conservative, but to him, conservative was to be a populist, it was to be anti-too much corporate power, anti-too much government power. And that's what a true populist is, it is against any concentration of power.That's Donald Trump's message, too, and a lot of these issues whether it's abortion or tax cuts, strong national defense, they all came from Ronald Reagan.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.You'll hear many of the supporters of Gerald Ford, Richard Nixon and you'll hear Mitt Romney whose father opposed Reagan, you'll hear all of these people talk about, oh, we wish Reagan were back, oh, we were Reaganites, or what would Reagan do? We even get this from Chris Christie, which is pretty laughable since he worked for Bush.But all that aside, Craig Shirley, you're the historian. Isn't Donald Trump running up against the same thing? The same people, the same institutions, the same establishment trying to cripple him?SHIRLEY: Absolutely.This is an age-old problem of the Republican Party going back to Taft versus Eisenhower back in '52 and then flash forward to Goldwater versus Rockefeller, and then later to Ford versus Reagan, and then Reagan versus Bush, and then Reagan versus the Republican establishment is that there's always been an outside element, you know, the conservative elements of the Republican Party, and then the insider Republican establishment.And you and I witnessed it that during the time we worked for Reagan, we saw the fights at the Republican National Committee, we saw the fights within the Reagan administration itself, is that people who did not have Reagan's issues at heart, or have his best interests at heart, but we're constantly pushing their own agenda pushing their own, you know, I can't think of any better example than Henry Kissinger and Dave Scott.Reagan broke with that. it was, you know, before that it was coexistence going back to Truman, and then it was later detente. Reagan was the first one to say, no, we're not going to coexist with the Soviet Union. We're going to defeat the Soviet Union. We're going to transcend the Soviet Union. We're going to consign them to the ash bin of history.And that upset a lot of establishmentarians in Washington because they were losing their sinecures and their privileged positions of power, and that privileged positions of money, because Reagan was challenging the status quo.LEVIN: And Reagan never started any endless wars. He would back our allies. It was the Soviet Union and us duking it out among our satellite countries, our allies and so forth. But peace through strength, I see Trump peace through strength. I see Reagan trying to strengthen NATO, I see Trump saying, you SOBs, you better spend more money if you want us to help defend you.I see similarities. I see him taking out Soleimani. Whereas Reagan tried to take out Gaddafi, things of that sort. And I see their same enemies.Let me ask you this quickly. Didn't they say about Reagan early on, he would create -- he would launch a nuclear war? I remember a whole docuseries that was on this showing that by ABC News. Didn't they say he was a threat to democracy? Didn't they say was a dictator? Wasn't a call Hitler? All the same things they're trying to do to Donald Trump as well?SHIRLEY: Identical. The same playbook that was run against Ronald Reagan in '76 and '80 and '84. is being run against -- they are pulling from the same playbook today against Donald Trump. It is that the same old tired accusations from the establishment, from the media classes, the left wing media, from anybody who defends the status quo and opposes anything that challenges them.Reagan regularly committed troops twice in his presidency once in Grenada and successfully liberated Grenada, and the other time was in Beirut. He really learned his lesson about not overextending, not committing troops to too many -- to missions like that.LEVIN: I just want to point this out. Because, you know, we go from election cycle to election cycle, the Democrats do the same damn thing in the media every time. But in the case of Trump, I would argue, it is even worse, because now they're using the criminal justice system. They're using their Democrat DAs, their Democrat attorneys general, they're Democrat prosecutors to try and take out Donald Trump.Now they tried that once on Iran Contra, didn't they, with Ronald Reagan, but it didn't work?SHIRLEY: You raise such an important point, Mark. It is that what -- you know, everybody in America has had some problem with a form of government, either a school board, or local police or the IRS. They've had some problem with what they felt is out-of-control, an unfair government, and they see Trump going through the same thing with liberals controlling an instrument of government like special counsel or like the congressional committee or something else like this, or Georgia -- down in Georgia or something else like that, going after him.So it doesn't -- those that bounces off Trump, because the American people sympathize and understand what he's going through. So that's why his support actually grows, every time the left attacks him and they don't understand every time they use an instrument of government to attack him, it just makes him stronger.LEVIN: I just want the public to understand when you hear references to Reagan, for the purpose of trashing Trump, just remember, it's the same people, the same ideologues who trashed Reagan, who are now trashing Trump.SHIRLEY: Exactly.LEVIN: Craig Shirley, great book, "The Search for Reagan," "The Search for Reagan," It's brand new, you can get it on amazon.com or my social sites. It's coming out. It's there, read it. It's fantastic. It relates to everything that's going on today.Craig, God bless you, my friend.SHIRLEY: Thank you, Mark very, very much.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I want to do something that's long overdue, and I want to say this to President Trump.On behalf of tens of millions of red-blooded, patriotic American citizens, I want to apologize to you. You love this country. You've put your neck on your line. They're trying to steal your business. They're trying to put you in prison. They are trying to destroy your family.That's not the way it's supposed to be. This is supposed to be America.The Democratic Party is an authoritarian party that's led by a very nasty, mentally ill, incompetent bully. And he has sent out word to all the Democrat prosecutors in his own to take you out, to get you convicted and he has his Democrat judges helping.So on behalf of tens of millions of us, we're very, very grateful to you for what you did in four years and are very upset about what you're going through now. We are very, very sorry.I'll see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.