ANITA VOGEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Broadcaster IHeartMedia, and you know, a lot of people say, he wants to influence the upcoming election. Imagine that, guys.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, imagine that. That will be a shocker. That would be a real shocker.VOGEL: All right, good to be with you this weekend. That does it for us.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Great to be with you all.VOGEL: We're going to see you back here tomorrow night at seven o'clock. LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello America. I'm Mark Levin. This is "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN" Saturday.Welcome to the program. We have two great guests tonight: General Jack Keane and Alan Dershowitz.But before we get to them, you know, I want decided to look over these charges against Donald Trump in all of these jurisdictions. And you know what? There is not a single legitimate charge among them. Let me say this to you very, very briefly.He is attacked by the attorney general of New York who is a left-wing reprobate and campaigned as a left-wing reprobate on a fraud statute that does not require fraud; on a fraud statute that does not require anybody claiming fraud; on a fraud statute that's never been used before in the history of the state of New York.It seems to me if you're going to go after a presidential candidate, a former president that you ought to have something more than the statute, but reprobate who is the attorney general is in front of a reprobate who is the judge who had a reprobate for a law clerk and you can see the problem.Then we move to Manhattan. We have this guy, Alvin Bragg. Alvin Bragg takes up the case that his predecessor would not. Cyrus Vance, a left-wing elected Democrat said no. The southern district of New York said no, we do not want to touch that and what is this case?This case is an attempt to take a business reporting, turn it into a federal campaign violation the way Jack Smith did against Jon Edwards. The jury in North Carolina threw all of the charges out. They twisted federal law, the federal election law and that is exactly what Alvin Bragg is doing, but worse. He is twisting state law to take what he accuses Trump of, a misdemeanor turning it into a felony by trying to hook in federal election law.Now, I know this sounds complicated, but what I want you to get out of this is the extent to which they are rewriting laws, twisting laws, making laws in order to get Trump. None of this is fair and square. None of this is in the precedent of criminal prosecutions. None of this is in the criminal code, state or federal.Then we move to the clown show in Fulton County, most of us call it Atlanta, that's close to Fulton County, a district attorney who is outrageous in terms of her conduct.Her lover, we watched this this week, where he is going on about yes, but you know, my wife cheated on me so I thought it was okay. We were going to get a divorce, I didn't get a divorce.Meanwhile, defense counsel demonstrated he had filed several false interrogatories. You file a false interrogatory, you do that under the penalty of perjury. That is a crime, not a misdemeanor, that is a felony.So he kept having to change it. I think he changed it twice.And what was the best attorneys for Wade and the attorneys for the state could do? Constant interruptions on attorney-client privilege claims. I thought, this is ironic in a sick way. They stripped Donald Trump of attorney-client privilege on the January 6 so-called case in Washington DC with his lead lawyer, forced him to testify in front of a grand jury, forced him to bring his notes in front of a grand jury, all done in secret.So, they are going on and on about attorney-client privilege to try and protect the hoax, the potential conflicts of interest and the criminality of the state itself in Atlanta, Georgia when it comes to Donald Trump defending himself, no attorney-client privilege with his lead lawyer, and let's get into the January 6 case.You would think if they had a case of insurrection, sedition or violence they would bring it, but that is not Jack Smith, that's not the Department of Justice. What do they do?They had to find crimes, some of which are never filed against anybody again to bring against Donald Trump.So, here we are talking about insurrection. What does that have to do with the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1870? Nothing.Sedition. What does that have to do with the Enron obstruction laws that were passed having nothing to do with it. Nothing.What does it have to do with the federal contractor law used to go after crooked federal contractors? Violence. Nothing.And so they said not only do we bring in these cases, we need them to be heard right away, right away. Everything is at stake, and they go to the circuit court there, three-judge panel. Two Biden knuckleheads, one very weak Bush appointee. What happens? You are not above the law. Above the law? You are treating him like he is above the law. Isn't that pretty crazy? No.You're right. This immunity doesn't apply to after the fact. This is very important. We can't destroy the office of the presidency. Well, they are destroying the office of the presidency. You want to know what the evidence is? To require immunity that follows a president out of office for a matter like this. The current case.They dug up a phony criminal statutes to go against Trump after he was in the presidency. We don't even have to speculate about the future. It is going on right now, and then we have the all-important documents case in Florida. Why is that all important?For half a century, Joe Biden violated -- and violated federal law, the Espionage Act. As a senator, he stole documents out of the SCIF. There is no question. As the vice president, he stole documents. He even bragged to his ghostwriter in 2017. "They don't know I have these." But what are these?Notebook copies of his notes that were taken, that were recovered, top secret information. And they are found everywhere. They look under the table, oh, look at this. It is at the Biden Penn Center. They are there at the Wilmington house, his other mansion that he earned on a postal worker's salary. They saw it, oh, look at that. We've got it here. We've got it there, we've got it everywhere. Oh, and he had it when he was running a place in Virginia.Not only that, people overlook the fact that the prosecutor also found out that he would carry classified information on his person. You know, wooh, but where is -- and what else? In a briefcase.All of those are crimes under the Espionage Act, but we are not going to bring crimes because he is an imbecile. Oh, okay, imbeciles are never prosecuted. Of course, they should have brought them. We can't prosecute a sitting president. Actually, that's never been tested. I happen to agree with that, but if I am Jack Smith rather than Prosecutor Hur, I don't care about boundaries, traditions, comity, C-O-M-I-T-Y. I go for it, baby and let the courts straighten it all out.But that's not what this prosecutor did. He ducked and Biden is still attacking him. Okay fine.Now, what about the case in Florida with the documents?Well, let's see. The prosecutors has been down there. You don't know this argument that Donald trump should not have access to some of the classified information that is going to be used against him or some of the witness information.This guy, Jack Smith, he spent too much time The Hague. He's got the mindset of some of the people he prosecuted there, some of the genocidal maniacs.This is the United States of America. You stripped him of attorney-client privilege in one case; you're stripping him of immunity, and you stripped him of executive privilege. Biden did that. You criminalize the case that wasn't criminal, you couldn't handle it civilly if at all that way and now, you're going down there to Florida where your case should have been brought, but used a grand jury in DC instead of a grand jury in Florida. You're trying to do everything humanly possible to get this man convicted.Every one of these damn 91 charges are phony -- up and down.But what about the Espionage Act and Trump? Hello? He was the president. When he said I am taking this document or physically took it, that could be considered declassification. The president is not going to take a document in order to be prosecuted is he? He is the executive branch, the vice president is not. A senator is not. Hilary Clinton was not. He is.So, all of these complex first time raised -- constitutional questions are being raised not because of Trump. If Trump would've only done this. If Trump had only had done that. If Trump --That's not the way the system works. He is being targeted. The Espionage Act has never been used against a president or a former president. Well, they took a document, that's not the only one. He is not the only one.I mean, we have Bill Clinton there with tape recordings in his sock drawer, a federal judge ruled, the law doesn't really apply to him. Oh, we have the Clinton exception.So, none of these cases are serious in terms of the law. They are serious in terms of tying up Donald Trump on time, interfering with the election. Every damn one of them.And more and more information is coming out that the Biden White House is behind it all. Bragg, Fani, even Smith. They have all, in one form or another consulted with the White House. Isn't that a problem?Meanwhile Joe Biden who can't remember his age, can't remember his name, can't remember the last four digits of his Social Security number, accuses the special prosecutor of daring to bringing up my son's death. He had no business to do it. You brought it up, genius, like you always do.The prosecutor had to come out and say, we didn't do it, he did it. Of course, par for the course.But every time Joe Biden goes out there or there is a leak in to the White House and these are officially sanctioned leaks that Donald Trump is a danger to America, that Donald Trump is a dictator, that this is an existential threat.If Donald Trump wins, he is communicating directly with all of the Democrat prosecutors, all of the Democrat judges, state and federal, all of the would-be jury pools, whether in New York, or Washington, or Atlanta, or Florida, you have to stop this man, a man they keep calling Hitler. That is pretty damn sick, too.They keep calling him a dictator, an existential threat. We are going to lose democracy. It is on every Sunday show. It goes on and on and on.All of the morning shows and on MSLSD and the Constipated News Network and the rest of them. Why are they doing that? To affect the body politic, to affect the Democrats' position. To run the justice system whether it is the DOJ, whether it is the DA here or the DA there, to dirty the jury pools all over the country.That is why they are going to keep running on this and running on this because Biden himself told somebody, they leaked it. If Garland had only gone after Trump earlier, he'd already be in trial and convicted of something.And the judge in Manhattan on the phony Alvin Bragg case obviously hates Trump. What's the start of trial? On March 25th. Why? In the middle of an election. Keep in mind, for months before that, two months now before that, the president has to prepare for that case. He has to prepare for this.So, I want you to keep this in mind, just as in 2016, I was the one who exposed the activity, the wiretapping, the other efforts to monitor Donald Trump, his campaign and his people, and so forth, just by pulling together the public information out of the newspapers and we are learning more now that the CIA was involved directly, and other intelligence operations, and that clearly Obama had to know and Biden had to know, too.The Democratic Party, that media, Washington tried to take out Trump in 2016 and then tried to destroy his presidency, it did not work. Now they are trying it through the legal system, the injustice system and they are throwing everything at him, except any legitimate criminal statute and they are throwing every jurisdiction at him -- state, local, and federal -- all over the country, everything they possibly can to take him out.The question is whether the American people going to tolerate this. It's clear the Republicans are not. It is clear that conservatives are not. But is it clear that the rest of the country understands what is taking place here? Let's hope over time they will because Biden has a huge advantage, 99 percent of the free media that is corporate media are in Biden's camp.They're protecting him from serious analysis over his mental state. They are protecting him from violation of the Espionage Act. They are protecting him from his criminal acceptance, his family of money, whether it's from the Communist Chinese or some other enemy in our country.They are in full protection mode, unless of course, they can knock him off at the convention, which I think they would like to do if they can. Let's say Gavin Newsom, a loser like that or somebody else. But the fact is that while he is in the race, for the media, even though people will say, they have changed. They have changed for 72 hours, which is not a change at all. They are going to be right back it.I will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We have a great patriot with this General Jack Keane, who you are familiar with and during these perilous times, militarily, certainly with our enemies lining up against us, he is the man to talk to.Retired four-star Army general, Institute for the Study of the War chairman.General, a couple of questions here. I am greatly concerned that our own military is not receiving the kind of resources and attention they deserve from either party, whether it is the White House, whether it is Congress, it does not seem to be a priority.I read the other day that we are slashing the number of F-35s that we have ordered from 80 to under whatever it was, under 70. I mean, our enemies are building up. They are poised in many respects and I honestly do not feel like we are given the resources necessary to our military. I am not saying we shouldn't fight smart and all the rest, I am just talking about basic stuff.What you know about this?GEN. JACK KEANE (RET), FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Well, you're absolutely right. I mean, the global security challenges, Mark, that the United States is facing are on a scale that we have not seen going all the way back to World War II with China, Russia and Iran.And we've got three vital interest areas in the world that two administrations have defined for us, the Trump administration and the Biden administration.Not surprising.Europe, the Middle East, and the Indo Pacific region -- we've got war in two of them and one in the Indo Pacific region is threatening war and we are dealing with the smallest army we have had since prior to World War II, the smallest Air Force we have had in 40 years. The Navy is sitting at 292 ships that is supposed to be at 355. And they are nowhere getting there in a number of years.Plus, China outguns us with just about every military piece of hardware from ships, to airplanes, to missiles except for submarines. And our budget is underwater in terms of inflation.None of that makes any sense. You are absolutely right, we are not getting the resources the military needs to face the serious global threats that we are entertaining at the time.LEVIN: And you know, General, I just sit here as a pedestrian. I look at this. We are spending wildly. We have massive deficits. New programs, old programs, expanding programs, expanding bureaucracies, new entitlement programs, new welfare programs, illegal immigration and all the rest. It seems to be money for everything, but the United States military.Doesn't this have a little bit of stench like the 1930s to you?KEANE: Oh, yes. Very much so, and the frustration that many of us have is that this administration will not lay out to the American people how serious this threat is.The fact is, is that China, Russia, and Iran or all working together with the assistance of North Korea. We have not seen anything like that as I've said going back to World War II. I am not suggesting we are on the cusp of World War III, but this cooperation is real and they are working against what they consider to be a weakness in terms of US national leadership and the lack of political resolve in the Congress of the United States. That is what they see.And the Biden administration will not talk to the American people about the seriousness of this threat, and the answer is pretty obvious why, because if they did, the American people would say next to them, but what you going to do about it if it's that serious?And that would change all of their political objectives that this administration has, as you just defined some of them anecdotally. They would have to focus on the seriousness of the threat that the American people are facing.LEVIN: Let's focus on one, Iran and Israel. As I listen to the White House watch the media and so forth, all of the pressure is on little Israel that was attacked, that is surrounded by enemy countries including terrorists. They suffered this horrendous monstrous act of genocide. They are now defeating Hamas, they have the leaders of Hamas on the run. They even kind of know what tunnels they are in.There is no pressure being placed on Iran, Iran has killed three of our military personnel through its proxies. Their proxies are attacking us relentlessly.We don't touch Iran. We don't put the sanctions back in. We don't threaten Iran, but Israel, we need a two-state solution, a long ceasefire, a hundred other conditions. What do you make of that?KEANE: Well, none of that makes a lot of sense. I mean, the administration started out with the right attitude. We are going to support Israel, you know, a hundred percent, words to that effect. And then within a matter of a couple of weeks, they are starting to dial that back.Listen, the tension between the prime minister of Israel and the president of the United States is pretty real. I think the United States should stay out of the business of how Israel's leadership and its IDF fights the war.I mean, they have got formidable challenges that I think our viewing audience has come to grips with. Never before in the history of urban warfare have a population be held prisoner in those cities and not able to get out of it.Normally in urban warfare when the people hear the sound of the guns getting close, they do what? They flee except those who are infirmed or those who choose just not to leave. That has not been the case throughout these operations in Gaza.Despite that, the Israelis have provided when they were in the north, in northern Gaza, they provided an evacuation route for them to use to get out of the city. But still, Hamas held on to many of the people because they want the casualties. That is how diabolical and sinister they are.When they got into the south, Khan Younis, et cetera and those others cities, then they designated on a map and numbered the neighborhoods and told the citizens in those communities where the next attack would take place so they could move out of it.At the same time, obviously, telling Hamas where they intended to fight to next. They accepted that liability to help the citizens. We've got to stay out of micromanaging the Israelis. The Israelis know that the civilian population is an issue for them and they are trying to reduce the casualties and they are putting in place systems that make some sense.But we had to pin the rows on who it should be. Hamas is causing the escalation of casualties by holding the people prisoner inside of those cities. That's the reality of what they are facing.LEVIN: General Keane, when we return, two issues: Iran, why aren't we doing anything about Iran? People say, well, we might provoke them. I mean, who is provoking whom around here? That's number one.And number two, I want to move to Europe in Russia and Ukraine in what seems to me to be some kind of love affair with Putin and some kind of effort to basically completely defund the Ukrainians who are fighting the Russians on the frontlines. I would like to pursue that with you when we return.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Jon Scott in New York.The Republican presidential race intensifying ahead of next week's South Carolina primary. Early voting there is already in full swing and new polling shows former President Donald Trump is holding a commanding lead over his only remaining challenger, Nikki Haley, the former governor.Haley though is not backing down. She is continuing to target Trump's foreign policy. Haley calls out his past praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin. She is also slamming Trump's comments that suggest Russia should invade NATO allies that don't pay enough for defense.Tense negotiations for a new ceasefire between Israel and Hamas continue in Cairo as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stalls peace talks. It comes as Palestinians flee Gaza's Rafah City ahead of a potential invasion -- Israeli ground invasion. More than a dozen killed in the densely populated city today by strikes.I am Jon Scott.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Iran is building a nuclear program and we are not doing a thing about it, General, and they are funding terrorism all over the Middle East, all over the world and I feel like we are not -- only not doing anything about it, but we are provoking them and motivating them by our stance, and by our provision of resources to them. Why?KEANE: Yes, the Iranians actually say as does Russia and China, the United States having weak national leadership and political system that clearly is divisive and not united.So, they are taking advantage of us. They see opportunity and vulnerability on the part of the United States. This administration has got to reset their entire strategy dealing with Iran and admit that the diplomacy and appeasement strategy that they tried right at the beginning of the administration up until now, really has failed miserably.And what am I really talking about? We've got to isolate Iran diplomatically with our allies and partners and that will take a little bit of work, Mark, because some of these partners really want to trade with the Iranians.We have got to wire brush them over that and get them on the same page with us. Secondly, sanctions. We have got to go back to the Trump sanctions, the maximum sanctions that they would impose and cut off any of the loopholes and go after China who is buying a lot of Iran's oils and stop that from happening.And we have got to cover down and make certain that Iran is back on their heels once again economically. They are flush with money right now, and it is no wonder all of these proxies have as many rockets and missiles and other instruments of war to be able to use.And then the third thing is, we have to confront Iran militarily. Cyberattacks to be sure, massive ones, we've got great capability to do that, cyberespionage, but also kinetic military attacks.I am not talking about going to war with Iran and pursuing their national command authority and all the infrastructure that they have in Tehran, like we did in Baghdad when the United States wants to take a regime down, I am talking about limited military attack that begins to take away assets that they value a lot.The IRGC supervises the proxies, take their assets away from them using kinetic operations to do that. It will not cause excessive civilian casualties, likely none whatsoever as a matter of fact.We have the capability to do that, make sure Iran understands that we are not finished with that if you don't shut down.Reagan did this in the late '80s very successfully. Trump did it also very successfully during his administration. That is the approach we've got to take.On the nuclear weapons, look it, they are at 60 percent of enriched uranium right now. To go to 90 percent, it does not take much at all and we are not even talking about nuclear weapons with Iran.If this administration does not face up to what is happening, it is going to be a fait accompli. Iran is going to have several nuclear weapons in their hands just like North Korea did, and that is going to be a massive failure on the part of this administration. They've got to work with the Israelis, conduct cyberespionage, as well as kinetic espionage against the nuclear enterprise right now. The Israelis have done this very successfully, shut the program back nine months in 2020. There is more of that that we can do and certainly, make sure the Iranians understand that a military option is on the table dealing with their nuclear enterprise and that enterprise should be at risk right now given their behavior in the Middle East.And we should talk to the American people about this from the Oval Office because the threat is that serious in what is happening in the Middle East.LEVIN: Now, we have a little time left, Ukraine, I mean, I understand what people are upset about the amount of money or that it has been misspent. It has not been properly managed and so forth and so on. That could be fixed.My problem is, it is not just defunding Ukraine, it is almost a bizarre celebrity status that they handed this guy, Putin, who is trying to nuclearize space and he is not doing that for Ukraine, he is doing it for us.What do you make of this?KEANE: Listen, Putin is on the march here. As much as we want Ukraine to survive, this funding is about stopping Putin; stopping him in his tracks right there in Ukraine and taking down his military capability that will set him back for years.He is already working on the conditions in the Baltics, in Moldova, and in Romania to move on to those with hybrid warfare as soon as he is able to take Ukraine down.If we stop funding him, Mark, Ukraine loses, Russia wins, China wins, Iran wins. We've got to see that these countries are all connected to each other.We have to stand up to this aggression. What kind of world do we want to live in where these aggressors are calling the shots they have the momentum and the initiative and the United States, the world's dominating superpowers is back on its heels. This makes no sense.The economic prosperity that we enjoy in this country of ours is completely tied to the stability and prosperity that the United States has been able to impact in the world out there.To pull back from that and to let the aggressors have their way begins to shut that down and it is disappointing that some of leaders cannot see the big picture and are focused on something so very narrow as not wanting to fund Ukraine and take a look at what that implies for the world writ large and the United States economic well-being and its security.LEVIN: One of these days, we will be due an entire show on this.General Keane, I want to thank you for your patriotism while you were in active duty and today.God bless you, my friend.KEANE: Yes, always great talking to you, Mark. Thank you.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We are here with my friend, Harvard law professor emeritus, Alan Dershowitz.Alan Dershowitz, I don't know about you, but this campaign now and the United States and the State Department and the White House against Israel is really quite shocking and appalling. It's almost as if they opened up another warfront against the state of Israel. What is your take on this?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, LEGAL SCHOLAR AND AUTHOR, "WAR AGAINST THE JEWS": The United States is allowing Hamas to win and if the United States does not change its policy, if President Biden does not get more strongly behind Israel, Hamas will win. It will have accomplished all of its goals ending the possibility of peace with Saudi Arabia, turning the world, turning academics against Israel, turning the United Nations against Israel.If Hamas is allowed to win, it's terrorism coming to a theater near you.Now, President Biden got it right the other day on Ukraine where he said, we cannot allow Putin to win because if we allow Putin to win, he will move into Poland, he will move into other countries. Why does that not apply as well to Hamas?If Hamas is allowed to win, it will keep its promise of doing it again and again and again. But this time it won't be limited to Israel, it will move to Europe, it will move to the United States, it will move to our allies. We cannot allow terrorism to win and that is what this administration by tying Israel's hands, by saying to Israel we are going to micromanage you, we are going to tell you how many soldiers you can send in, whether that you can go into a hospital where they are holding hostages, whether you can go into Rafah where the entire command structure of Hamas still survives and exists.If those restrictions are placed on Israel, it is an invitation to Hamas to just do it again and again and again. If crime pays, it is repeated. And if Hamas crimes are allowed to pay, they will be repeated and this time, we will be the targets.LEVIN: The obviously question then is why is Biden and Blinken, why are they doing this? Is it for politics? Is it ideology?I mean, Blinken brought in this guy, Malley who is a disaster. What is this all about?DERSHOWITZ: This is all about politics. This is about Michigan. This is about trying to make sure you do not lose the Muslim vote in Dearborn, the extremist left woke, progressive vote.Look, if the Democrats want to win this election, they are going to have to move to the center and they are going to have to support Israel. You do not win an election in America by turning against our ally, Israel and supporting Hamas.The Biden administration is making a terrible mistake. Look, Biden has a place in his heart for Israel, so does Blinken. I have known them both, and in their hearts, they support Israel, but in their minds and with the pressures they are getting the extreme left of the Democratic Party, they are violating their own principles, they are violating their own conscience and they are turning against America's strongest ally in the Middle East.It will hurt America. It will hurt Israel. And I have to tell you, it will hurt the Democrats in the election and they will deserve it. They will deserve to be hurt if they abandon Israel.LEVIN: Where were you and I disagrees is on the heart issue. If Blinken's heart told him that he supports Israel, he never would have hired Malley.DERSHOWITZ: I agree with that.LEVIN: If Blinken's heart tells him he supports Israel, he wouldn't make the public comments that he is making about Israel.If Biden's heart supports Israel, he would not be doing and saying and standing with the King of Jordan saying what he said and so forth and so on and saying things behind the scene.But let me say this, they are undermining the state of Israel to the point where the people in Israel are feeling abandoned by the United States and I don't blame them. What do you think?DERSHOWITZ: I agree with you, and when I saw him standing next to the King and not even mentioning that Jordan has killed more Palestinians in Black September and has done more harm to the Palestinian cause and has done more harm to the cause of peace, yes, they brought about peace in Israel, but boy, they have during Black September, what they did to the Palestinians and the idea that somehow, Jordan is complaining about the occupation, let's remember that Israel was prepared not to occupy a single inch of that West Bank in '67. They sent emissaries to the King of Jordan, to Abdullah's father and said do not attack us we won't even take over Jerusalem. We won't even recapture the Western Wall.And Jordan began to attack Israeli civilian targets in West Jerusalem. And it was only after that that Israel went into the West Bank and captured it.So, the entire occupation issue of the West Bank was all the fault of Jordan. So, let's point fingers where they deserve to be pointed, at Jordan, at Egypt, at Hamas, but not at Israel.Israel wants to be left alone. Israel wants to live in peace. It has wanted to live in peace since 1948 and the world won't allow it to, and now, the world is turning against it. And particularly the young people who have no idea of the history.They think of Israel as a colonialist country. It is the least colonialist country in the world. You want to talk about colonialist countries, talk about New Zealand, talk about Australia. Talk about other countries where strangers came and took over the land.The Jewish people are the indigenous population of Israel, and they went back to their homes and they were willing to accept the two-state solution in 1937, 1948 , 1967. It has been rejected every time.This is a one-sided issue morally and the world just refuses to see it.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.By the way, one of the best books I've read on this subject about what is going on the Middle East with Hamas is your book, Alan, "War against the Jews: How to End Hamas Barbarism." You can get this at amazon.com, any major bookstore out there. I want to encourage you to get it. Alan is a great writer. He writes faster than I read, it's an amazing thing.All right, Alan, I want to get right to the legal issues. You know, you are talking about a former president, a presidential candidate. If you are a DA or an attorney general or US attorney or a special prosecutor, shouldn't you be ultra-careful about what kind of laws you are going to use to take somebody on rather than digging the bottom of the criminal code looking for anything you can to twist and rewrite?DERSHOWITZ: I agree completely. In 60 years of practicing criminal law, I have always said, if you're going after somebody like this, who is running for president, and half of the country supports him, you better have the strongest, most, air-tight case imaginable if you are going to try to interfere with an election. Try to tell people they should not vote for a candidate of their choice, you better have a slam dunk case.And these four cases that have been generated against him are among the weakest and most flawed cases I have ever seen.The New York case which is going to be the first one it tried is laughable. It is not a felony. It is not a misdemeanor. It is not a federal case, it is not a state case, it is a completely made up case.And now, we have a case in Georgia which is falling apart. The only criminal case that should exist in Georgia is whether or not Fani Willis and her boyfriend should be indicted for perjury for lying to the court and lying in affidavits about the nature and the starting time of the romantic relationship.And as far as the case involving the classified material -- my God -- the classified material case is the same case that the special prosecutor refused to bring against the president of the United States. You cannot have a double standard, you can't have classification cases brought against one person running who is the incumbent and the other person running who is not the incumbent, you have to have a single standard.And we don't have a single standard, so I think all of the four cases, every single one of the four cases is deeply flawed, but they are designed to influence the election. The purpose is to get down and dirty convictions like the one in New York. New York, they will convict a ham sandwich if its name is Trump and then it will be reversed on appeal, but that will be too late. It will be after the election.This is really election interference.LEVIN: I don't think that -- we've never seen anything like this before. I mean, look at this. Here is the thing. I look at Trump and his businesses in New York. They have investigated every aspect of it and he is clean. They don't have anything against him.And then you look at -- nobody has even complained about it. You have a fraud statute where you don't need fraud. I've never heard of anything like that. You look at the RICO case. They had a couple of plea agreements already where the people are not even pleading the RICO. They keep their bar license and off they go. What kind of case is that?And then you have in Washington, DC, they keep talking about insurrection. No one is charged with insurrection. They keep talking about sedition. Trump is not charged with sedition, they keep talking about violence. Trump is not charged with violence.They dust off these other statutes and throw them, and then your point about the documents case. I mean, my God, the Espionage Act was not intended for an ex-president, even when it was passed in 1917.That is why I am saying, if you really stand back, ignore most of the legal analysts and look at this, this is horrendous, but it is creating a precedent now, isn't it?DERSHOWITZ: It is creating a precedent that will be used by both parties in the future. We have weaponized the Constitution. We've weaponized the impeachment provisions when they went after Trump and now, it is being weaponized against Mayorkas.We have weaponized the RICO statute for political purposes. RICO was designed to go after organized crime. It was not designed to go after people who are making a legal claim even if it is a long legal claim about an election.Look, I was involved in the case of Bush versus Gore. We were challenging an election outcome. Hilary Clinton was challenging an election outcome. That is the American way. And the way to do it is try to put up a slate of alternate electors. You might criticize it, you might argue against it.The two things you should not you do is use the criminal process against people who tried it and do not go after the lawyers. That is what they are doing now. They are making it impossible for Trump to get the best lawyers in the world because every lawyer is afraid that they will have their bar certificate removed, even I have been threatened with a bar things because I defended Trump and because I was involved in the case in Arizona.They are going after the lawyers. There is a Projects 65 which basically overtly has said, if you are on Trump's side, we are coming after you. We are going to make your life miserable. We are going to threaten your bar and if the lawyers are threatened, you know Shakespeare had his villains say, first, let's kill the lawyers.What the people on the left are doing is first let's go after the lawyers, so I think our Constitution is in trouble. I think our Constitution is in danger by what is going on now and you do not have to be a Trump supporter. You don't have to be on one or the other side of the political spectrum. All you have to do is respect the Constitution.If you respect the Constitution and the rule of law, you should be opposed to all of these prosecutions against Donald Trump.LEVIN: The book is called "War Against the Jews: How to End Hamas Barbarism." You can get it at amazon.com, any major bookstore.Alan, I want to thank you, always. God bless you, my friend.DERSHOWITZ: Thank you and God bless you.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Yes, Vladimir Putin is the enemy. Some people have a love affair with this guy. Maybe some of you, I don't know why.Let me tell you who else the enemy, the regime in Tehran, they are the enemy. Xi, he is the enemy. Un, the inbred there, he is the enemy.We have a lot of enemies and we shouldn't pretend they are our friends. You know why? Because they will turn on us. Now, that said, tomorrow night, I want to address this issue of Mayorkas and impeachment. Oh, it is over policy. Oh, we are setting a bad precedent. Oh, now, the Republicans are doing what they condemned the Democrats -- that's all, as we say, BS.And I'm going to explain to you like it's never been explained before, the purpose of impeachment, the history of impeachment and why Mayorkas should be impeached, and he was by a courageous small majority in the House, and why Joe Biden should be impeached for exactly the same reasons.That's tomorrow night on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN. I'll see you then.