LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So that does it for is, so we're going to see you right back here tomorrow at 7pm eastern for "The Big Weekend Show," LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Saturday.We're going to be doing two shows on the weekends, Saturday at 8:00 PM Eastern; Sunday at 8:00 PM Eastern. Same format, completely different guests.This is our inaugural show for Saturday and we have one of my great heroes, the great Thomas Sowell.Most of you know who Thomas Sowell is. He wrote columns for decades. He's written fantastic books. He's been a leader in the liberty movement for at least half a century as far as I'm concerned and he has been warning the American people of tyranny, what tyranny looks like, creeping tyranny, aggressive tyranny, and from my perspective, we're sitting dab in the middle of it.And he's got this fantastic new book out, "Social Justice Fallacies" by Thomas Sowell. You can get it at amazon.com or any major bookstore. It is a fantastic book.And I want to welcome you, Dr. Sowell and let me just say this to you, I've been following you since I was a little kid, not to date both of us and you had an enormous impact on my life. In fact, you've had an enormous impact on the way I do this program.I remember you on with Bill Buckley in "Firing Line" and you were a killer debater, absolutely unbelievable.All of that said, let me start it this way: "Social Justice Fallacies." You started out like as a Marxist, as many young people do in colleges and universities, and it didn't take long for you to realize, wait a minute, this isn't all that it's cooked up to be. Was this social justice stuff and this inequality stuff, these terms, these ambiguities, did that have an impact on you first being a Marxist, and then realizing, wait a minute, this is all BS?THOMAS SOWELL, AUTHOR: Yes, it did.And I think there's a very simple explanation that as of the time I became a Marxist, I didn't know as much as I knew after several years of studying and observing things going on, and as facts carried a lot of weight with me. And when the facts kept going the wrong way, I realized that this was not going to do what it claimed it was going to do.One of the big problems about the social justice field is that what they say sounds so good. It's only after you study history that you find out just how bad, how horribly it actually turned out.LEVIN: Well, these phrases are very nebulous -- social justice. What does that mean? Basically, if you agree with the Marxist and the leftist, then you support social justice, but on the other hand, if you support individuality and capitalism and private property rights, obviously, you're anti-social justice. What does all this mean?SOWELL: Well, that's how they look at it. They seem to assume a world in which if things don't turn out the same for everybody, that means that somebody has done somebody wrong. And that's an incredible assumption that human beings have such enormous control over their own fates, individually or collectively.I mean, when I think back over my life, and I'm sure other people can do the same in their lives, there are times that a particular person appeared on the scene and changed the whole trajectory of my life. And it's happened more than once, and I'm sure it's happened in the lives of many other people.There is nobody out there who has all the incredible amount of knowledge required to take over making other people's decisions for them.LEVIN: Do you find that these radicals, these autocrats, basically, this term social justice, do they really mean centralized government, redistribution of wealth, a permanent government that undermines representative government? Isn't this really the nomenclature for that?SOWELL; It is. And if you realize what enormously high opinions, many of the intellectual elites have of themselves, you can see that what it boils down to is very intellectual people like themselves, just simply preempting the decisions of other people in every aspect of their lives.One of the things that is astonishing to me now is that we're having this big debate about sex education in the schools, and to me the question is, what qualifies the people who are pushing this stuff to take over the roles of parents?What's also very troubling is that this all came out during the COVID pandemic, when students were studying at home, and the parents got to see what was being taught in the schools. Now, it's so happens that 30 years ago, I wrote a book called "Inside American Education," in which all of this was laid out just exactly as it's happening now.The fraudulence of it, the appearance that this is responding to what the students want. I can't imagine how many young people in the elementary schools especially are saying that they are a boy, but they want to be a girl or they're a girl and want to be a boy. I can't think of anybody in my whole lifetime who are saying things like that.And if you and if you follow the sort of institutional way these things are done, there are groups outside the school system and inside the school system who wants to do this, and who know that the parents don't want them to do it, and they do it anyway. And they pretend that they are responding to what the students want. They're not.Once I was at a meeting of educators and while I was there, there was a man who was going around the country selling a particular brainwashing program, and he showed me his schedule, and he was scheduled my gosh, every two or three days for months to be pushing this stuff in all the schools, and he mistook me if as if he thought I was a school official, and he was regaling me with all of this.It's clear, this is not a spontaneous thing. This is organized and the tactics used are the tactics that were developed for brainwashing in communist countries.LEVIN: The book is "Social Justice Fallacies" by Dr. Thomas Sowell, and in fact, Dr. Sowell, critical race theory, the 1619 Project, these are really anti knowledge, aren't they? They're really propaganda devices for the hard left that are being pushed in our classrooms, pushed in our society and so forth.These attacks on the American system, do they promote equality? Do they promote unity? Do they promote a melting pot society? Or are they intended to destroy this culture?SOWELL: Clearly, it is the latter, and also, when you said, it is not just propaganda, it is propaganda that overtly prevents other views from being heard.If they were just propagandizing, but the students were allowed to learn other things as well, different ways of looking at life, that's one thing, but anyone who, for example, there are people who've taught academic courses on racial and ethnic issues at Harvard and other places, who just simply stopped teaching their courses. Because if they were saying anything that was different from what the propagandist was saying, you would have violence on campus and so on, and the university administrators would not protect their classes. So they just stopped doing it.One of the great scholars in this area, the late Stephan Thernstrom simply stopped teaching his course because you had ignorance silencing knowledge.LEVIN: Ignorance silencing knowledge, and you write an entire section on knowledge. You break it down into different subsections.Let me ask you this: I don't even know if you're watching news these days, but you're talking about what goes on in the classroom. Are we really a nation that's about knowledge now? Are we a nation that's about substituting the language of the hard left for real word, substituting the thought process of people who really seek to find "the truth" with ideology?What if we become on the whole -- I mean, when I watch the news, all I hear is propaganda surface level BS.SOWELL: Well, yes and that's the norm, unfortunately in academic institutions even the most prestigious. The entire Ivy League is in that same mode that people who --It scares me because you have people like say Heather Mac Donald or Charles Murray will come on a campus and they do so at physical risk to themselves. And again the authorities do nothing.I've been -- of course, I don't normally go to those things anyway, but I've been in some of them, where they had the police all around, the doors all locked and people outside banging on the windows and doors just to enter to disrupt the talk that's going on inside.I remember back in 1969, this has been going on a long time. And it's so sad that it's taken us so long to become aware of it.In 1969, students at Harvard, went into the administration building, seized it, went into their personnel records and were passing out all the personal information for the faculty and other things to the media and so on. The president of Harvard called in the police, the Harvard faculty, gave a vote of no confidence to the president. He resigned.And I think after that, other presidents decided that the way to get along is have preemptive surrender and that has been really developed into an art.LEVIN: You've been studying our country for a very long time. The history, economics, philosophy -- you've covered the whole horizon. Forty years ago, 50 years ago, today, is the country in a better position today than it was half a century ago, or is in a worse position.SOWELL: Oh, much worse, much worse. The silencing of the other side has now become much more prominent and the real danger is not in this silly ideas that are being promoted, it is in the fact that nobody else is allowed to reply to them without some danger to themselves.LEVIN: Do you see in this country a growing police state? I don't necessarily mean a police state, like you'll see in these aggressive fascist or Marxist regimes, but sort of slowly but surely, like you're talking about controlling the language, which controls thought and activity. This massive censorship that judges have now ruled on by this administration. You can see the politicization of the Department of Justice and so forth.But let me put it to you this way, a more fine point. Are we a free country today? I remember Meese, he is the one saying that Americans talk like Marxists. Are we are we a free country today or are we a country on the precipice of losing our freedom?SOWELL: I think the latter. It is hard for me to see just how we're going to come out of this, especially when people who are so willing to increase the powers of government don't seem to understand that it doesn't matter for what purpose you gave them that power, which may have been good purposes.Once they have that power, they can use it for whatever they want. The Federal Reserve system was set up, for example, to prevent runaway inflation, or runaway deflation, or bank failures, and the intellectuals were a hundred behind that.But the cold fact is that there has been more deflation as in during the Great Depression and more inflation for decades on end and more bank failures that ever occurred prior to the setting up of the Federal Reserve system.But the Federal Reserve system for example, can force people to do things they don't want to do just because they have the power to hold up what their decisions are. And so the power created for one purposes is then used for some different purpose.When FDR took the United States off the gold standard, he used the law passed during the First World War to prevent trading with enemy nations, but once the power was there, you could use it for anything you wanted to.LEVIN: That's so true.Dr. Thomas Sowell, when we return, I want to get into this issue of race. I feel like we can never get away from it. I want to get into it because it seems to me the more colorblind people want to be, the more the elites and the ruling class insist that we not be.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with Dr. Thomas Sowell. The book is "Social Justice Fallacies." I want to encourage you to go to amazon.com and grab a copy. Any major bookstore should have a copy, and it is very readable and it is worth reading, particularly now during these times.Dr. Sowell, when we talk about equality, immediately, race pops in the mind. It's always about race, racial discrimination, the founding of the nation, White dominant society, so forth and so on. And you make the case and you've made this case throughout your life, but it is very poignant in your book, which is wait a minute, of course, this has some impact, but it is not the only thing that has an impact. But why?First of all, what other things have an impact? There is probably an infinite list of things. And secondly, why did they only focus on race on the left?SOWELL: I guess, it is because that's proven to be a politically popular thing to do, but in point of fact, one of the things that's mentioned in the book is a study that was done by "The New York Times" of all people some years ago where they tried to show the 10 poorest counties in the United States, and they mentioned which ones they were and so on.It turns out the six of those 10 counties had a population that was from 90 percent to 100 percent White. Now in "The New York Times," they didn't mention the race of the people, but once they told me the counties, I looked it up and in fact, I followed the average income in those six counties over a span of 50 years and in all of those 50 years, all six of those counties had a median income lower than the median income of Black Americans.And so those people in those counties face zero racism because they were White and indistinguishable from all other Whites. They didn't have a legacy of slavery, and yet, there they were. And you have to ask them, clearly, there must be other things that cause poverty. We can't just assume that the cost people of a given race have more poverty than some other people, that race must be the reason.But this has become the automatic kind of thing, and I think most people would be quite surprised. One of the things that happens is that behavior matters and you see that in so many different ways.For example, I think most people would be surprised to learn that despite the fact that Blacks as a whole have a higher poverty rate than Whites as a whole, Black married couple families have more than a quarter of a century, every single year, had a poverty rate under 10 percent, and in most of those years, the national poverty rate was not as low as 10 percent.So it's not quite -- and you saw well, this is due to institutional racism. In that case, does that mean that the racist make an exception for Blacks who are married? I mean, do racists either know or care whether Blacks are married? None of these glib explanations stands up to the slightest empirical study.LEVIN: And let's talk about this when it comes to minorities generally. The Asian population in this country that achieves a lot as a group, intellectually, education wise, and they are discriminated against by these Ivy League colleges -- by Harvard, we just had a Supreme Court decision and so forth, the way Jews were a hundred years earlier by Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and so forth.So the people who push this race issue, is it that they really care about Black people or Asian people or Jewish people? Or is it that it's just another wedge issue, to try and destroy this culture and destroy this society?SOWELL: There are some people who are both. Some really believe it, and I feel sorry for them, but there are some who really don't care. If it gets them elected, that's what matters. And this is one of the tragedies of trying to politicize race.There are so many fallacies that it's hard to even know which one to take up. But, for example, the great narrative is that Blacks rose from poverty, got into professional occupations as a result of the 1960s social welfare programs, and that this is a big benefit.One of the problems with this way of looking at things is that everything depends on when you pick as this start of this trend. If you go back to 1940, that is 20 years before these wonderful things are supposed to have happened in the 1960s, and you discover that the degree to which Blacks were in poverty declined from 87 percent in 1942 47 percent, in 1960. So it went down by 40 points in those 20 years.Now, you look at the 20 years following 1960, they went down 18 points. And so the trend did not begin in the 1960s, the trend was there before then and the trend did not even accelerate after 1960s.Many people think that it would have all began with the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Well, that was a fine Act to get rid of the segregation laws in the south. But the cold fact is that the percentage of Blacks who had professional occupations doubled from 1954 to 1964. That is in the decade ending at the time that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was passed.If you look at the things that are negative, like for example, Black children being raised in single parent households; in 1940, just under 17 percent of Black kids were raised in one-parent families, but the after the 1960s, before the end of the century, four times that many, 68 percent of Black kids were being raised in one-parent families, and that does not depend on racism or any of the other things they talk about, it depends upon things that happened due to the policies of the 1960s, which is still going forward.LEVIN: Which encouraged the dissolution of the families. It is just unbelievable.Dr. Sowell, when we return, my big question for you is: As a nation, where do we go from here? And how do we start down that road?We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Jon Scott in New York.Strong winds and heavy rain hammering New England and Canada as post- tropical cyclone Lee continues to make trouble. The storm made landfall in Nova Scotia this afternoon, at least one person was killed when a tree fell on a house in Maine.Right now, crews are working to get the power back on for tens of thousands of people who are still in the dark. Conditions are forecast to drastically improve overnight into tomorrow.The United Auto Workers Union continuing its negotiations with Detroit's Big 3 automakers as thousands of workers protest for a second day. Workers are demanding better pay and benefits.The strikes have halted production at plants in Michigan Ohio and Missouri. The union's president says more plants could be added as the strike goes on.Today's talks between the union and Ford reportedly were productive, but still no deal in sight.I'm Jon Scott.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Here's the great book: The "Social Justice Fallacies.""Social Justice Fallacies," you can get it at amazon.com right now. You can get it any major bookstore. It comes out on Tuesday, the release date, September 19th.Dr. Sowell, I want to read for the audience. Obviously, you wrote it. So you'll know the very end of your book, in relation to the question I ended the last segment with and then I'd like you to follow on, if you don't mind.What are those of us who are not followers of the social justice vision and its agenda to do? At a minimum, we can turn our attention from rhetoric to the realities of life.As the great Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes said, think things instead of words. Today, it is especially important to get facts rather than catchwords. These include not only current facts, but also the vast array of facts about what others have done in the past, both the successes and the failures.I take that to mean, Dr. Sowell, you've got to really work hard to cut out all the static, all the propaganda, all of what academia for the most part is trying to indoctrinate you with and think for yourself, begin to educate yourself as a citizen who loves this country and wants it to remain free, and that's a good starting place. Do I have that about right?SOWELL: Absolutely. And above all, you have to concentrate on facts, which again, things that are suppressed. Rhetoric just rules the roost in too many places, it is really pitiful, the way that people are sacrificing so much money to send their children to expensive schools to get very cheap propaganda.One of the sad things I encountered in doing the research for this was how many people on the left do not answer arguments with counter arguments, but with ad hominem attributing bad things to people who disagree with them, but never answering what they have to say.This whole thing about what is the White supremacy thing, one of the things I bring out in the book is. There are any number of Asian groups, people from China, India, Japan, whatever, who have higher incomes than the White population of the United States.If you get people, full time male workers in the United States from India, in the United States, then the income is $39,000.00 more than the annual income of Whites, so exactly the same prescription. And yet people go around talking about the White supremacy. Oh my gosh, apparently people from India haven't heard of that yet.So many other pieces -- so many other things that are just blindly attributed to race, you find if you go into it, that there are other things.It's one thing to be against racist, it is another thing to exaggerate what they can do. You might think about what they cannot do. They cannot stop nine million Black people from having higher incomes than the average income of White people. They cannot stop thousands of Black people from having assets of a million dollars or more.And in fact, they cannot stop Blacks from becoming billionaires, as Tiger Woods, Oprah Winfrey, and any number of other people have been. They can't stop Blacks from becoming generals in the military or becoming presidents of the United States. And yet we go on as if we're still living in the world of a hundred years ago.We're worried about the racist. I think that the racist at this point, cannot do one-half the damage that the teachers unions are doing by making the making the schools, places for teachers to have ironclad job security and for turning them into propaganda centers that do not teach the kids Math and English.If a Black kid who graduates from high school with a with a mastery of mathematics and the English language, there's practically nothing that can stop him, except the propaganda that he's been fed in the schools all these years.LEVIN: Again, the book is fantastic: "Social Justice Fallacies." It comes out Tuesday, but you can get your copy on amazon.com, every major bookstore will have it as well.Do we have an incompetent ruling class of elites, Dr. Sowell, or an ideologically driven ruling class of elites or both?SOWELL: Both, but primarily, people are enormously impressed with themselves, because they have high IQs, and PhDs after their name. And some of the great tragedies and horrors of the 20th century were promoted by those various kinds of people.The Holocaust would clearly qualify in that category. For the progressive era people, they were promoting genocide. And one of the books that was written by one of them was translated into German, and Hitler called it his Bible. But most people don't seem to realize this was an idea that was predominant among the intellectuals around the time of World War One.In later years, the facts when they finally came out, completely undermined all the things they had said. But by that time, it was too late.LEVIN: That entire eugenics movement really grew out of the left as you point out, that whole progressive era, and I guess the thinking was, if we're going to perfect society, we have to perfect human beings and I feel in many ways apart from eugenics, that's still what we're dealing with.People don't -- it is very messy, democracy. It's very messy, the First Amendment. It is very messy to have a competition of ideas, and so they seek to crush it.I'll leave you with the final word.SOWELL: Well, I think that is one of many things that cause me to say, and as I did a book that, you know, stupid people can create problems, but it often takes brilliant people to create a real catastrophe and the history of the 20th century, I think would bear that out.LEVIN: Well, you're definitely an exception to that. "Social Justice Fallacies," that's the book. It comes out Tuesday, September 19th. You can order your copies on amazon.com.What a fantastic pleasure and honor to have you with us, Dr. Sowell. I can't thank you enough.God bless you, my friend.SOWELL; And, you.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.This is an incredibly smart show, no thanks to me. Thanks to Tom Sowell and now Victor Davis Hanson, really have come to greatly admire as one of the great, outstanding minds in America today.Victor Davis Hanson, you heard your friend and your former colleague, Dr. Thomas Sowell. He paints a very concerning picture about this nation. What is your general take on what he had to say?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTION: Well, I think, he has reviewed that his whole body of work for 50 years and applied it to this woke movement and he has come up with a pretty succinct explanation of the jam that we're in. He is saying that the attraction or the seduction, of equality by result is an age old plague. But in this particular moment, we've given into it.He is kind of channeling as he has quoted before Alex De Tocqueville that most people, unfortunately would rather be equal and poor than better off and have some people better off than them and that politicians cater to that desire and exploit it.He spent his entire life trying to show us that inequality is not -- is a very complex issue, and sometimes, it is important, and sometimes it's less important. Sometimes it's due to race, geography, but there's so many multiples and factors that the idea that a government would need the power to make a sequel on the backside always results in tyranny, death, destruction and he has devoted his life to trying to explain that to us again, and again.LEVIN: As have you. And you know, Victor Davis Hanson, I don't think anybody's done more to explain the damage of an open border and unchecked immigration than you. And as a matter of fact, you predicted a lot of things that are going on in this country today.You're really an expert on the Athens, Greece, the Peloponnesian Wars and Rome and so forth. Help us understand in context, is America certain to survive forever? Or are we literally taking steps to destroy ourselves?HANSON: No country gets that past from history. In other words, each generation has to be believed, Mark, that they're better than the alternative. They don't have to believe they are -- they have to be perfect to be good, but they have to be better than the alternative.When you fail collectively to believe that, history steps in and says there's no reason for you to continue when someone else would like your power, or your prestige, or your influence.And there's certain things throughout time and space, that are essential to a country. I think that's why you and Tom Sowell and others are worried. You have to have a sovereign border. You can't replicate your system all over the world. It's beyond the human ability to do so.But in a confined space, you have power to create a culture and a country and a politics, and an economy and we are not doing that.In fact, what's really Orwellian is with this new effort not to allow illegal immigrants to go northward into sanctuary cities where you think they'd be welcomed, but in fact, there's they're not welcome, but they are being forced to go back to Texas, we've redefined the US border in a way, Mark, as north of Texas, and said it is okay if you come across the border as long as you stay in a red state. It is almost like we've ceded sovereignty to Mexico.But all of these things that Tom and you were talking about and Donald Trump and Ron DeSantis, all of the Republican candidates for the most part, they are talking about a systemic collapse whether it's crime or energy, or the economy or the border that the left finally got their moment and we've now witnessed something we haven't seen maybe since 1932.And then powered progressive hard left free to do what they want and the results are in and they've destroyed most of the big cities in the United States. They have caused the largest migrations in American history out of blue states and the red states. They've destroyed the criminal justice code. They've destroyed the southern border. They've humiliated us abroad with Afghanistan. And they've called all of that disaster a success, and we're watching it in real time.LEVIN: When we come back, Victor Davis Hanson, are we in the middle of a revolution? You've certainly suggested so, but even more than that, what kind of revolution is this that we're in the middle of if you agree with that, I think you do.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Victor Davis Hanson, what kind of revolution is this that we're experiencing right now? And, are we?HANSON: Yes, it's not like the American political revolution. It's not a political revolution alone. It is more like the French Revolution.It's a three-sixty, 24/7 cultural, economic, social revolution, so we are attacking the fundamentals of a society. We don't even agree anymore, apparently, on the foundational date of July 4, 1776. It is about 1619.We topple statues. We create a new gender. We have new names for buildings. We wake up one morning and a place, a building, a street, it's completely - - the name has changed.But we try to find some commonality, Mark, and I think the constant theme is that this group of Jacobin revolutionaries wants to be given absolute power to make us all equal as equality of result. They call that equity. And to do that, because that's contrary to human nature, they need an extraordinary amount of power and to achieve that goal, they have weaponized the FBI, the DOJ, the IRS, the CIA, and they've created these new protocols, whether it's the FBI paying social media to suppress the news, or it is Joe Biden trying to forgive student loans by fiat or empty the petroleum reserve right on the edge of the midterm elections.So, they are achieving a level of control and influence that they feel is necessary to perpetuate this, we're all going to be equal on the back end revolution and it is pretty scary, and they're not done yet. They feel that they're only in mid stride.LEVIN: You know what is amazing to me, Victor Davis Hanson is there is a columnist named David Ignatius, who, outside of the 50-mile-square area, Americans never heard of this guy. And he writes for "The Washington Post," he writes a piece and the emphasis is, he is telling Biden to get out. But they missed completely at the beginning of his piece, where he is praising Biden for all of the authoritarian, and I would argue autocratic steps that this man Biden and his regime have taken.So the criticism at a surface level is, well, he's giving a signal out to all the other Democrats that it's okay to oppose Biden. No, the story is not that. The story is he is praising Biden for all the tyranny that Biden has imposed on the nation.Don't you think that's part of the problem? It's politics every day, rather than looking at what's actually going on?HANSON: Absolutely. But he knows he's lying. He's not telling the truth. Empirically, he knows the price of gas, the price of staple foods, the condition of the southern border, the crime in our streets, the destruction of the criminal justice system, the disaster in Afghanistan, he understands that, so that's just a rhetorical trope to get to the real problem.In his mind, it is, they have a president that's cognitively challenged and is also corrupt, and he is one e-mail disclosure or one fall off a step from oblivion. And in David Ignatius' mind, that means Kamala Harris will finish his term, and then she will be an incumbent. And he thinks that will be a disaster for the progressive project, and he is probably right about that.So in his rhetorical way, he's going to praise Biden as a way of damning him and saying, you know what? You've done a great job, but now get out. But don't get out until that your term is over and we're going to reward you, we're going to praise you, we're going to say you're a great president, but you've got to get out. You've got to get out. You cannot run again.And we're going to cross our fingers that somehow you're going to be alive enough or you're not going to be inert so that she is not the president because she is Henry Wallace versus an alien FDR problem all over again of 1944-45.LEVIN: But they want to get him out because they want to continue the revolution, correct?HANSON: But not until his term is or she will be an incumbent. So they will do anything, Mark, to deny that he is corrupt. You can have a bald-face testimony that he is corrupt or that he says something on a phone call or he can fall down and roll over three times and they will say he's ail, and he is as honest as the day is long, but not after his tenure ends. After that, they will be candid that he should not be the presidential candidate for the Democratic Party.LEVIN: Will he be?HANSON: I think it's a 50/50 chance. I don't want to be a Nostradamus, but I think it's 50/50 chance he will have trouble finishing the next year-and- a-half, but I think it's a 90 percent certainty that he will not be the Democratic nominee in 2024.LEVIN: I think you're probably right.Victor Davis Hanson, I want to thank you, not just for tonight, Saturday night, for the brilliance you've put out there in your columns. They are very, very important. Take care of yourself. God bless you.HANSON: Thank you for having me, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Wasn't that not a great inaugural program? Two titans of liberty, two great intellectuals and it was great to see Tom Sowell again, too, as well as our buddy, Victor Davis. Hanson.Don't forget, we have a Sunday show tomorrow night, 8:00 PM Eastern Time. Same format, but different guests, including me. Because we're going to be launching my book: "The Democrat Party Hates America."And I'll tell you what's amazing. All the talk we see on TV, radio, politics, even among intellectuals, it is just the one thing they won't say, "The Democrat Party Hates America."And I can tell you right now, it's going to be very interesting when this book was released on Tuesday. How many storefronts it'll be in? How many interviews will be done -- and so forth and so on.This is considered provocative. I consider it essential to understanding why we're losing our country and what we need to do to get it back.I'll see you next time, tomorrow night on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.