SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity."We are live. We are in beautiful Bedford, New Hampshire, and it is now official. FOX News is projecting that former President Donald J. Trump will win tonight's Republican primary decisively. The only question is by how much. At this hour, we are awaiting Trump's victory speech. We expect it maybe any moment. We'll bring it to you live when he steps on stage.By the way we start now with reaction. Kellyanne Conway is with us, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee is with us.This is what's interesting and what would make me worry as any Republican in New Hampshire, and we've talked about this and that is, it's mostly an open primary. You have 40 some odd percent of independents in this state. You had up until October, whatever the date was, Democrats switching over so they can vote in the Republican primary, to wreak a little havoc. If there's any state that was going to be favorable to Nikki Haley, this was going to be it, no?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Correct, and she spent a lot of time here, and you can't replicate your effort in New Hampshire over the past year over the next states. And you know how this goes, it goes very slowly, slowly, and then all of a sudden, it's Super Tuesday, everything goes very quickly.Her campaign put out a memo today, they're admitting that they're playing the open primary proportional delegation game. There's a place though where it's not proportional, it's called winner take all, and that state happens to be, drum roll please, South Carolina, where she was governor a long time ago before she left her term early to come and serve in President Trump's administration, which then she left early to go sit on corporate boards and make speeches.That's her right. But people should know it's also why President Trump is dominating her in these first two contests.He's on the precipice of doing something nobody's done in 40-year -- nearly 40 years, Sean, which is winning both Iowa and New Hampshire, and winning them with over 50 percent of the vote. And I would say probably by double digits, by the time the night is through.Look, Haley can stay in if she wants, but we got to put our ire and our fire on Joe Biden. We have to focus on the guy, who's already got the job of president. He doesn't deserve to be there. He's destroying this country and our future. He's got a vice president who's terrible, and I think Trump tonight will continue to be very gracious.If people say -- people say, oh, he insults this one, he's been incredibly gracious to Ron DeSantis, even to Nikki Haley yesterday --HANNITY: But I actually see more of that. It's not just the concession speech and the nice things you said about Governor DeSantis which I think was the right thing to do. And I think you're right, I think he will do that tonight, but also his tone, his pitch, his cadence, delivery in these town halls, with me, with Bret, with Martha, I mean, he has really been dialed in, in a way that I've not seen honestly since 2020.CONWAY: Well, this is the Donald Trump I know and worked for, and this is the Donald Trump that all these voters see. Remember, New Hampshire loves to surprise the media, the electorate, pundits, anchors. But I think it's Donald Trump is still the insurgent, he's still the disruptor, he's still the outsider.HANNITY: Right.CONWAY: So New Hampshire going back to him makes a lot of sense.Now, Nikki has run a good race in many ways, I want her to be out there for Republicans. She didn't campaign for them in 2018, she left the administration early and then complain we lost everything. I when her out there when Donald Trump is sitting in blue city courtrooms defending himself. She could be out there persuading her voters to vote for him.She did very well in an open primary, but most things won't be like this anymore. I think for her to carry on and get all those donations is one thing. And the other thing I want to say is that in 80 -- the FOX News voter analysis tonight, Sean, this is incredibly important, 80 percent of those that FOX News talked to in the surveys said that they think Donald Trump will win. He'll be the nominee. That includes six out of Haley voters.So if we're serious about electability and inevitability, like the establishment was all those years and they can use it against Donald Trump, we have to be serious about electability now and really coalesce and unify in the weeks to come.HANNITY: All right. Let me go to Governor Huckabee.Governor, great to have you back.This is a very interesting night tonight. These numbers I think are going to go higher for Donald Trump based on the analysis I have seen and the people that I have spoken to. With that said, he won Iowa by a big margin.If you look at and you extrapolate out Republican voters only, Donald Trump is getting over 70 percent of them. Look, maybe it's my own personal pet peeve, whatever you want to call it, I kind of prefer Republicans choosing Republican candidates, Democrats choosing Democratic candidates. I know many states have different variations of an open primary, but this one in New Hampshire is pretty unique because of all the registered independence.MIKE HUCKABEE FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, for him to do this well in a state where there are a lot of people who really aren't Republican or perhaps even conservative, or they just don't like Trump, I think it says something about the strength that he has. I want to commend you because you have said throughout this process, you would never tell someone to get out of the race and that's very smart because quite frankly, when you're a candidate, everybody tells you it's time to get out. But you're the only person who can really make that decision.And, Sean, it is harder to get out of the race than it is to get in it, and most people who have never run for office will never understand that. It's the most painful decision in the world to drop out.Nikki Haley is saying she's going to go on. She'll go to South Carolina. I understand that, but it's a tough thing to go to your home state --HANNITY: Governor, let me ask you --HUCKABEE: -- and get treated like the person that didn't want to even be invited to the family Thanksgiving dinner.HANNITY: Governor, right now, the support -- the current Governor McMaster, Senator Tim Scott who was appointed by Nikki Haley, who will join us later in the program tonight, Lindsey Graham, Nancy Mace today, they're all supporting President Trump, Real Clear Politics average, 30.2.What's interesting, if you put yourself in the position of maybe being Nikki Haley's campaign manager, do you want to risk a big loss in your state and then think about running again in four years? Donald Trump, if he wins this election, he will only have one term to serve, and the question then is for Nikki Haley, does she play long ball or does she just go for this and ride this to the very end?HUCKABEE: That is really the question she's got to face and I think if she goes to South Carolina, and she doesn't win there in her home state, it dramatically affects her for the long haul. So it's a big calculated risk on her part to do it.But quite frankly, I think one of the things we've seen and you touched upon this, but Donald Trump has been pitch perfect in his speeches, town halls and in his interviews and even the impromptu moments with the press. He's been talking about what's good for America. He's been looking in the windshield, not the rearview mirror.He has focused on the people that elected him. I'm hearing the same Donald Trump of 2016, and I'm going to tell you, he stays on this track, it's not just that he will blow away everyone and anyone in the primary, but he will be unbeatable in November because all those people who voted for him in 2016, they come back and then there are a bunch of others, including some Democrats who are sick of the border, who are sick of the economy, sick of the foreign mess we're in who will say, my gosh, we can't have four more years of our guy. We're voting for Trump.HANNITY: Oh God help us.All right. Governor Huckabee, Kellyanne, stay where you are. Hopefully, we'll get be able to get back to you. We were just given a warning that any minute now, Donald Trump will be speaking. When he does take to the podium, we will carry that speech right here. He'll talk about his win here in New Hampshire. We'll bring you the very latest once he steps on stage.Our very own though Bill Hemmer, he's at the big board tonight to break down all the latest numbers.BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Sean.HANNITY: Bill, what's the latest?HEMMER: Yeah, good evening to you. Interrupt me anytime you want, okay?I got a lot to show you right now, show our viewers at home as to where we stand. New Hampshire's counting slow tonight, and I say that, Sean, because you've got about a third of the vote in, and I don't know if that has something to do, I'm guessing here now with the Democratic write-in vote because if I flip over the Democratic race again, we declare Joe Biden to be the winner, but you're just about percent right there. I don't know if that has something to do with the slowdown, but it could be.All right. You're 23 percent reporting it. I'm going to flip through a bunch of stuff here, Sean, and try to explain a little bit about maybe what's happening out there. And as I do that, just this estimated vote that's is in, just keep that number in mind, okay, to the folks at home. In New Hampshire, 70 percent of those who vote in the state live in four counties, and they're all in the southern part of the state, and we're going to go through those right now, okay? Right along the border here with Massachusetts.This Hillsboro's County, population percent of all in New Hampshire it ranks one out of okay right you see that, you're 32 percent Donald Trump, percentage wise leads by 12 points in Hillsboro County, seem to be a good number for the Trump team. Conversely over here in Rockingham County, so your population, you're two out of now for the whole state.You got a lot of that vote out right now, Sean. You're at 16 percent. Trump holds on to a six-point lead in Rockingham County. If I were to take you back eight years ago, listen, the entire race was different then. I grant you that. You had Republicans but in Rockingham County, against nine other Republicans, Trump fared pretty well. You're shy of 39 percent.Let's come back to modern days right now. Let's go to Concord. This is Merrimack County. Again, here's the number, 40 percent, so still a lot of vote out there right now, Trump has a slight edge over Nikki Haley, by two points.When I checked this about 10 minutes ago, Haley was leading in Merrick where you find the capital city of Concord. One other county for the 70 percent that I mentioned, this is Strafford County, okay, so, they're counting quicker, right? That's 67 percent, you're 2/3 in, Trump leads Nikki Haley in this county by 11 points at 55 to 45.So that's what's happening right now as I scan the state.Now with regard to Democrats, I want to explain something right now and take you back in time, that's going to say a lot about right now, about maybe what the Democratic challenges for Joe Biden, okay? So we talked about this -- Biden the write in candidate. Dean Phillips still hanging in there at 20 percent, somewhat impressive I would argue. If I were to come out of this, Sean, and take you -- do a little history lesson, okay?So this is -- got it, okay. This is the Democratic outcome for 2020, Bernie Sanders and Pete Buttigieg, they're all across the state, all right? Well, where was Joe Biden in that race? He was fifth at 8 percent. If I were to take you a week prior to that, in the Iowa caucus back in 2020, it was Bernie Sanders and Pete Buttigieg, right? Joe Biden is not there in the gold, silver or bronze. He was at fourth place, at just shy of 14 percent.So then, Biden made a calculation when he was here in New Hampshire. He left before the tally came out, he did not go to Nevada, he went to South Carolina, in about 17 days, after New Hampshire results, this is what happened -- on leap day of 2020, Joe Biden, shy of 50 percent, that catapulted and past Bernie Sanders, led him on this tear across the country for the remaining states, he became the nominee and later became the president. So now, then, we're going to head to South Carolina in about a month's time.And on the Republican side, that is when the race will be held if Nikki Haley continues with her current position that she announced here just a short time ago. On the calendar, here is how it shakes down, okay. You're in January, we had two big contests right now, New Hampshire is still playing out as I showed you, and we're going to tick in the February.This matters for Republicans, Nevada caucus, all right? Donald Trump's competing, he's probably going to take all the delegates from that caucus that night at 26. Nikki Haley elected for the primary, it's a confusing matter. They split it up. It is what it is, but the caucus will matter.Then you get South Carolina, okay? We're going to see the measure of strength right now when South Carolina, the 50 delegates out there, because as we started the night here, hang with me one second here, I'll show you this. This is where we started the night. You need 1,215 delegates to get the domination. Trump took 20 out of Iowa, DeSantis took nine, dropped out as you know a couple days back, and Nikki Haley was at eight. She's going to get some delegates tonight, but this contest could go on sometime if Nikki Haley, the former governor and ambassador who worked for Donald Trump during his term in the White House, chooses to stay in, and that's where we are -- Sean.HANNITY: All right. Bill Hemmer at the big board tonight. We'll be checking back in with you throughout the evening.First, let's check -- check in now with our own Alexis McAdams. She is live from Trump headquarters in New Hampshire where he is expected to speak any moment.Alexis, what's going on there? Sounds pretty loud.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDEN: Hey! Yeah, Sean, I would say this is the place to be tonight, right? I mean, it was called pretty early here for former president, so he's done it again, not just in Iowa but now in New Hampshire, the excitement in this room, you can really feel it. There's been more people coming in minute by minute, and we're expecting the former president to take that stage here in Nashua, New Hampshire, any minute.But, Sean, when I talked to Trump earlier today on the ground in one of those polling locations, he said quite simply, he thought he had this in the bag, right? He didn't think he had to be worried about Nikki Haley although it was down to that two-person race that Haley and her team wanted so bad. He said he didn't think it was going to help her in the end.One of the issues that we hear about all the time on the ground that most of these voters said they liked Trump for is all about the border. We hear about the southern border all the time. We're out there. We see what happen to Eagle Pass, Texas, and all over there. But the northern border also is top of mind for these voters, and they want something to change. So that is one of the reasons they say they go to the polls and that is one of the reasons that we've heard from the Trump team they believe they had that commanding lead that they been continue rather to hold here in the Granite State.But the music is on. People are hitting the open bar over there, Sean, and there's a lot to look forward to in this room for people who stand by the former president. Vivek Ramaswamy is here. Senator Tim Scott is here, and they could be on that stage here in just a matter of minute, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Alexis, thank you.And we are still awaiting Donald Trump, he'll take that podium in just a few minutes. We bring back Kellyanne Conway, along with FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt, and Democratic pollster Mark Penn.Charlie, let's get your take on the evening so far. Looks like a significant victory for Trump, coming off of Iowa, then heading into South Carolina. Right now, Real Clear Politics Average has Donald Trump up in Nikki Haley's home state by 30.2 percent. That is a huge obstacle for her.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, it's a huge win and no matter how the media tries to spin it, if you want to talk about comebacks in New Hampshire, you have to actually win to have a comeback in New Hampshire. You can't come in second. And that's the problem for Nikki Haley.You know, you can't -- if you're just -- if you keep coming in doing impressive second place finishes, you're just going to lose longer than you do doing it -- if you -- if you lose big in one state. But the other thing that I think is kind of interesting is she goes into South Carolina and she -- where she is trail -- as you point out, she's trailing terribly behind Trump. Trump has just managed to beat two sitting governors in two -- in their own home states.He beat the city governor, Kim Reynolds, in Iowa, with her preferred candidate in Ron DeSantis, and now, he's beaten Chris Sununu here in New Hampshire with his preferred candidate. Obviously, Republican voters are, you know, they're not looking for an alternative. They want Donald Trump and that's why he continues to win.And it -- you know, I don't see a pathway for her to turn it around from here.HANNITY: Yeah. Well, Kellyanne, let's go to that 30.2 percent number, and that goes back to okay, if you can't -- if you're Nikki Haley's campaign manager, and you've got to regroup after tonight, you lost Iowa, you lost New Hampshire. In New Hampshire, I would think that's a pretty favorable environment for her to do well with independent voters, with crossover voters, fair enough.But Donald Trump is winning 70 percent of Republicans here, and that Real Clear Politics average, 30.2 percent in South Carolina and you have both U.S. senators and you have the governor, and you have a significant percentage of elected congressional leaders, that's a big -- that's a lot to overcome.CONWAY: And the lieutenant governor and the attorney general and other statewide officials.HANNITY: And, Kellyanne --CONWAY: -- from South Carolina, who were who were here in New Hampshire from South Carolina helping Donald Trump over Nikki Haley. It's -- let's review the significance of South Carolina from 2016. It was winner take all, 42 delegates. Donald Trump won all 42 delegates. It's the place where Jeb Bush then dropped out of the race, and Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz together got about 50 percent of the vote, but Donald Trump by himself got over a third of the vote, and it's winner take all.So you get a third of the vote in a crowded field and all delegates if it's a two-person race I think people almost forget that Nikki Haley made it a Donald Trump and her competitive in New Hampshire blah, blah, blah, if she loses by significant double digs in her own home state. It's be hard to see where she regroups after that.I'm really struck by the FOX News voter analysis today, Sean, it says over and of those surveyed said they want to, quote, complete and total overhaul of the way Washington works. They still see Trump as the person who will do that. That coupled with the fact that 75 percent of them say the top issue is either the border or the economy,Trump owns those issues when it comes to solutions. You know, nine years ago, President Trump, Mr. Trump elevated the border and immigration as a top issue. It was mired in single digits. Nobody was talking about trade and immigration. He made those top issues.He did what politicians never do. He led the people rather than have the polls lead him. He told them immigration we we're not going to have a country. China's eating our lunch, trade deals are unfair and non- reciprocal. But when it comes to the southern border, sovereignty national security, the drug crisis and, of course, 8 million people here now.HANNITY: Let me bring in Mark Penn, Democratic pollster.Mark, I think your area of expertise, certainly you honed your skill working with Bill Clinton and the Clintons.Looking at this -- I always use the phrase that Donald Trump defies conventional political gravity and by that I mean, okay, most candidates, if they were arrested or indicted or had a mug shot, it would probably end their career because of all of the different charges that have been made from the moment this man came down that escalator with his wife and Trump Tower, I think people are fed up with it, they're disgusted, they believe that our Department of Justice has been weaponized and politicized, and they're angry about it, and it's not having an impact at all a negative impact at all on Donald Trump. If anything, I think an argument could be made it's helped them.MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. Well, look, so far, I think that's unquestionably been the case. I think there's no question that Donald Trump has a in incredible hold on the base of the Republican Party. I think that tonight though, independent voters said not so fast, and they vote in 23 states, and those independent voters are the voters that Donald Trump will need if he is going to be president. So he -- I think can get through these legal problems, although I had a question if he's convicted on January 6th offenses, people would switch to Biden.People don't care about the documents case. They so far have rejected the indictment, 6 in 10 New Hampshire voters said that these things were in fact politically motivated. The issue though is really going to come down to those independent voters that Nikki Haley got tonight. If he can't get those back, he may have to make her vice president, he can't be president.HANNITY: It's going to be interesting to see because then you're going up against the president that really can't run on the old adage, are you better off than you were four years ago? And you might be voting for a guy that doesn't know that tonight is Tuesday.With that said, Mark, stay right there. We go to Trump headquarters where Donald Trump has taken this stage -- very big, large, excited crowd here in New Hampshire for President Trump. Let's just dip in.(MUSIC)(MUSIC)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Whoa!(AUDIENCE CHANT "USA")Well, I want to thank everybody. This is a fantastic state. This is a great, great state. You know, we won New Hampshire. Three times now, three.(AUDIENCE CHEERS & APPLAUSE) We won it every time. We win the primary. We win the generals. We've won it. And it's a very, very special place to me. It's very important. If you remember, in 2016, we came here and we needed that win. And we won by 21 points, and it was great.And today, I have to tell you, it was very interesting, because they said, wow, what a great victory. But then, somebody ran up to the stage, all dressed up nicely, when it was at seven. But now, I just walked up and it's at 14. But -- But she ran up, when it was seven, and we have to do what's good for our party. And she was up, and I said, wow, she's doing like a speech like she won. She didn't win. She lost. And you know? Last -- last week, we had a little bit of a problem. And if you remember, Ron was very upset, because she ran up, and she pretended she won Iowa. And I looked around. I said, didn't she come in third? Yes, she came in third. And then, I looked at the polls. She was talking about most winnability, who's going to win. And I had one put up. I don't know if you see it. But I have one put up. We've won almost every single poll, in the last three months against crooked Joe Biden, almost every poll. And she doesn't win those polls. And she doesn't win those. This is not your typical victory speech. But let's not have somebody take a victory, when she had a very bad night. She had a very bad night. And you -- you have the -- you have the very -- the now very unpopular governor of this state. This guy, he's got to be on something. I've never seen anybody with energy. (BOOS) He's like a hopscotch. And I'm watching this guy. And two weeks ago, he said, we're going to win, we're going to win in a landslide, we're going to win. About three days ago, he started saying, well we want to do well. That's a big difference. But I walked out just now, we're 14 points up. And I don't know what it's going to be. But when she was up here, it was like six or seven. And, with like, 7 percent of the vote counted, now, let me just tell you, we -- we had an unbelievable week, last week in Iowa. We set a record. (AUDIENCE CHEERS & APPLAUSE) It was the best in the history of the caucus, in the history. And I remember I sort of had the same feeling. I'm up, and I'm watching. And I said, she's taking a victory lap. And we beat her so badly she was.But Ron beat her also. Ron came in second, and he left. She came in third, and she's still hanging around. The other thing, she only got 25 percent of the Republican votes. I don't know if you saw that. Tremendous numbers of independents came out, because in this state, because you have a governor that doesn't frankly know what the hell he's doing, in this state. (BOOS)In the Republican primary, they accept Democrats to vote. In fact, I think they had 4,000 Democrats before October 6th. They already voted. Now, they're already voting because they want to make me look as bad as possible, because if you remember, we won in 2016. And if you really remember, and if you want to play it straight, we also won in 2020. (CHEERS)By more. And we did much better in 2020 than we did in 2016. But as they said, we lost by a whisker, just by a whisker. No, no, no.But we can't let that happen. You have to have people that speak up. I said, I can go up, and I can say to everybody, oh, thank you for the victory. It's wonderful. It's wonderful. Or I can go up and say, who the hell was the imposter that went up on the stage before, and like claimed a victory? She did very poorly, actually. She had to win. The governor said she's going to win, she's going to win, she's going to win. Then, she -- she failed badly. Now I have here, if he promises to do it in a minute or less. But the only person more angry than, let's say, me? But I don't get too angry. I get even. The only person--(CHEERS) The only person -- because he was there, and he did fantastically well, by the way, and then he endorsed me. And we don't have to talk about Tim Scott, who by the way, just got engaged, we have to tell you. (CHEERS) And that's more important than all of this stuff. But a man that got to know her very well is Vivek. I said, Vivek-- (CHEERS) I said, Vivek, go up and say a few words about it. He has to do it in one minute or less. And then, we're going to just say, we had one hell of a night tonight. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. TRUMP: And one other thing, before Vivek comes. Do you see that poll? We're going to put it up. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Put it up. TRUMP: We have beaten Biden. You could almost say, who can't? Who the hell can't? The man can't put two sentences together. He can't find the stairs off a stage. Who can't? But Vivek, one minute or less. Go do it, Vivek. (CHEERS) VIVEK RAMASWAMY, AMERICAN ENTREPRENEUR AND POLITICIAN: What we saw tonight is America First defeating America Last. That's what we saw tonight. (CHEERS) If you want America Last, you can go to Joe Biden. You got another candidate still apparently, in the Republican primary. Gut your Social Security to fork over more money to Ukraine, so some kleptocrat can buy a bigger house. Go to Nikki Haley. But you know who delivered a double-digit victory tonight? It is a double- digit victory, as of right now, is this man Donald J. Trump, the leader of America First. And that means something. (CHEERS) (AUDIENCE CHANT "USA") Now, USA and Donald Trump, America First. Now, I got -- I got 30 seconds left. I want to make this point here, OK? We got to say this -- we got to say this right. What we see right now with her continuing in this race is the ugly underbelly of American politics, where the mega donors are trying to do one thing, when we the people say another. And it's up to us to, we, the people, to at long last say, hell no. We the People create a government that is accountable to us. And we the people have said, tonight, we want again, as we did in Iowa, Donald J. Trump. And so, you want to actually speak truth. That's the truth tonight. And the only thing they're rooting for is an ugly thing that we don't want to see happen. That's what these people are rooting for, is play into say long enough, so the Reid Hoffmans, and the ugly Democratic George Soros Juniors, who are funding the lawsuits against Trump, can prop up their puppet. We say no to that vision. I say, the general election begins, tonight. And this man will win it in a landslide. God bless you, Donald J. Trump. Vote Trump USA. (CHEERS) (AUDIENCE CHANT "USA") TRUMP: Very nice. Wasn't that nice? So, this was a great evening. And I want to thank everybody, in the audience. And I want to thank the people that are standing behind me. You know, I think we called it right. Immigration is a big deal, a big deal, a very big deal. We have millions and millions of people flowing into our country illegally. We have no idea who the hell they are. They come from prisons, and they come from mental institutions. And it's going to -- it's just killing our country. And I'm talking about millions and millions and millions. They are drug dealers. They're everybody. And they come in, just like walking right through. There's nobody to check. And there's nobody to vet. And we have a man with us tonight, Tom Homan, who is Central Casting. He's Central Casting. And I'd like you to say a few words, about the border, and who's going to solve that problem. And how quick are we going to do it, Tom? Go ahead, please.TOM HOMAN, FORMER DIRECTOR OF ICE: Look, I work for six presidents, Ronald Reagan and every president ever worked for did something to secure the border, but no one did more than President Trump, the most secure board in the lifetime. The most secure border we've ever seen, and Donald Trump's going to do it again.We're going to lock the border down and we're going to protect Americans because what's happening at the border right now, record number Americans have died from fentanyl poisoning, record number of migrants have died, a record number women and children with sex traffic, a record number known suspected terrorist across the border.There's one man who's proven he can secure the border and he's standing to my left, Donald J. Trump, he's going to do it again.(CHEERS)TRUMP: Thank you very much, Tom.So this is an evening that I will not forget because it's the third time, but more importantly, I think it's going to be -- I think it's going to be the most important time. We won both. It was I think they said -- somebody said you rarely -- if you win both, they've never had a loser. Let me put it that way. When you win Iowa and you win New Hampshire, they've never had a loss. There's never been. So we're not going to be the first I can tell you.And I just -- I just do want to reiterate the polls. We're way up on everybody. We're way up on Biden, and over the last couple of months, if you check, and you have to remember in 2016, they were saying, oh, what does he know about elections? He's not going to win, he can't win -- he can't -- we won and we got millions and you can check this, and I hope the cameras don't turn off because they hate this, but we got millions and millions of more votes the second time, right, Mr. Congressman? Millions and millions of more votes, and -- but we had COVID, and they use COVID to cheat and they did a lot of other things, too. We're not going to let that happen, and that's still -- and that's still going along.We don't forget -- you can never forget history, because if you forget, you never -- you never recover from it, and you repeat, you repeat. And we're not going to repeat.We're going to have the greatest election success. We're going to turn our country around, in -- if you take a look throughout the history of our country, if you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of this not great country right now -- it's a country in decline, it's a troubled country, it's a failing country frankly -- but if you took the worst presidents and put them together, the 10 worst, absolutely 10 worst, I used to say five, remember I said, I say five, then I said, wait a minute, we can add another five.They would not have done the damage that crooked Joe Biden has done to our wonderful country. They would not have done the damage. There's never been anything like it.And you say are they stupid people? I don't think so, because nobody can cheat that well if they're stupid. Do they hate our country? They must hate our country, because there's no other reason that they can be doing the things they do.Take a look. The taxes -- they want to raise your taxes times four, they want to let the Trump tax cuts, the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country, they want them to expire, your taxes are going to go through the roof.You take a look at regulations. They're throwing regulations, you can't breathe. You can't even breathe with what they're doing.You take a look at our border. So bad, there's never been a border like this in the world. Four years ago, we had the safest, best border in the United States. I built hundreds of miles of border wall.And they always say, oh, he didn't build hundreds of miles, because if there's a board laying on the ground, they say that's a renovation. They call it a renovation. If there's two nails laying from 50 years ago, they say, oh, that was a renovation. These are very dishonest people and you're always fighting them.And just a little note to Nikki, she's not going to win. She's not going to win. But if she did, she would be under investigation by those people in 15 minutes, and I could tell you five reasons why already -- not big reasons, a little stuff that she doesn't want to talk about, but she will be under investigation within minutes, and so would Ron have been, but he decided to get out. He decided to get out.Now, Vivek, I don't think would be at all because he's perfect, right?(CHEERS)And, Tim Scott I know would never -- that's no chance.Hey, Tim, you want to say something? Come on, come on. I want him to say something.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): New Hampshire -- the president said a double-digit win in New Hampshire, and you delivered a double digit win for President Trump.(APPLAUSE)Well, I'm going to invite you to my home state starting tomorrow where this election is over. It is time for the Republican Party to coalesce around our nominee and the next president of the United States, Donald Trump. Let's get that party started tonight!(CHEERS)TRUMP: What a good guy. What a good man he is.But just remember, I did hear Nikki say now it's off to South Carolina. Well, I love South Carolina. I love it.But, you know, she forgot one thing. She forgot one thing. Next week, it's Nevada. Next week, it's Nevada. It's not South Carolina. We love South Carolina, but next week, it's Nevada.And I'm pleased to announce we just won Nevada. We just won, 100 percent.(CHEERS)Because all of them, they looked at it and they took polls and I was polling at 95 percent to 4 or 5 percent, and they decided not to play in Nevada. So we just won Nevada.We have a man from Nevada here, Steve Wynn, wherever he may be, and John Paulson, the great John Paulson, made plenty of money in Nevada. Doesn't live there, but he makes a hell of a lot of money. He makes money everywhere he goes, actually. He's a money machine.Maybe we'll put you -- you know what? Put him at Treasury. You want to make a little money? Let's put -- anyway, good, good to have you guys.But we go to Nevada, and that's been won, so we picked up all those delegates. And then we do go to South Carolina where we've done really well, where I've done well, we have a great governor and lieutenant governor, and great everything, because almost every one of them have endorsed me, two great senators -- which is hard.I means, did you ever think that -- she actually appointed you, Tim. And think of it, appointed and you're the senator of his state, and she endorsed me. You must really hate her.No, it's a shame. Uh-oh.SCOTT: I just love you!TRUMP: No, that's -- that's why he's a great politician. That's why he's a great politician.(CHEERS)So, this is a great evening, and it is -- you know, we are going to Nevada for a little while. We're not going to have to do too much. We have a great team there. But it's a team that we can now send someplace else. They did a fantastic job, but -- we -- and it is a fantastic place, really a fantastic place.But we'll be leaving there very quickly. We'll head out to South Carolina where I think we're going to win easily. I think we're 50 points up, 5-0, 5-0, 50 points up, on a person that was governor. That tells you something.But I felt I should do this, because I find in life, you can't let people get away with bullshit, okay? You can't. You just can't do that.When I watched her, the fancy dress, it probably wasn't so fancy, come up, I said, what's she doing? We won.And she did the same thing last week, but he was much more angry about it than I was. I said, get up there and you let them know.We are going to win this. We have no choice. If we don't win, I think our country is finished. I do. I believe our country is finished.We have an opportunity to do something so amazing, and the good news and the reason we have such support, the best numbers I've ever had -- the reason we have support is because they are so bad at what they are doing, and so evil, and they're destroying our country.So I want to thank -- I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank this group of people. We will never forget you. We will never forget.(APPLAUSE)And I made a pledge. I made a pledge to your state that you have the highest energy costs in the country. In the first year, they're going to be reduced by 50 percent, because we are going to drill, baby, drill. Drill, baby, drill.Inflation is going to come way down. But in the first year, your energy costs are going down by 50 percent.Thank you very much. We love you. Thank you very much. We'll see you soon. We'll see you on the trail!And thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. We will see you on the trail. Thanks!HANNITY: All right. President Trump giving his speech after his victory tonight the great state of New Hampshire. The live free or die state, America's first primary state.Let's get quick reaction, Kellyanne, obviously, he was clearly annoyed a little bit about Nikki Haley's speech, that seemingly she minimized the loss of Iowa and New Hampshire, understandable. I would prefer him going after Biden.CONWAY: Well, clearly, and they're going to have to do that to get together. We need people unified to go after Biden. It's going to be more difficult to beat Joe Biden then it may look, Sean. The Democrats are -- they own the mechanics. They're all about early voting and they're not even interested in elevating quality people. We have Joe Biden and Kamala Harris as proof.They're interested in power and harnessing it. But I saw a lot of joy on the job there. People like me who worry about President Trump safety, who care about him and his family, who have said, fine, if you never want to run again, go enjoy your great life. You did a great job for four years.You see why he's running. He's doing this for the people, the people want him. I think the inflection point for him was East Palestine, Ohio. Ron DeSantis grew up with in half an hour from East Palestine, Ohio. He has relatives in that area, he never went. Pete Buttigieg had to go kicking and screaming. Joe Biden wouldn't go.It's Donald Trump who reminded everybody, forgotten men and forgotten women and forgotten child have a place at his table. I see a guy having a little bit of fun, confident and competent going into South Carolina.And the person I thought was a little bit edgy and salty tonight was Nikki Haley. Wouldn't you?(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: If you're up 30.2 percent in South Carolina, you might be a little confident, as well.CONWAY: She went after his competence today and said he had a senior moment. I don't really care for that. People accuse Trump of behaving that way. He's been taking a lot of incoming.Look, it's a long road ahead of us, but give the man his due. In 2012 when we were covering these races, you had three different winners of Iowa caucus, New Hampshire primary, South Carolina, Newt Gingrich. This is -- for him to sweep those first three states, it's pretty decisive.Last point, this is a democracy, a constitutional republic. We must respect the will of the people. And Nikki Haley can't become an election denier. She can say tonight she came in second or you can say she came in last.HANNITY: Charlie?HURT: She spent more than anybody else on this campaign making argument about stop the chaos, putting aside the fact that I would argue Donald Trump isn't the one who started the chaos. He's not the one who made up the fake Russia-gate nonsense. He's not the one who made up the fake first impeachment. He didn't do any of that stuff. That's the reaction of his opponents, because I think he was being successful.But anyway, she ran on the campaign of stop the chaos. Well, Republican voters in Iowa and Republican voters in New Hampshire are ready to saddle up and ride to the sound of gunfire and keep the fight going. The fact that voters come out and say, by massive margins, that the border is the most important issue to them, and Donald Trump has a proven record on the border --HANNITY: But it's interesting, if you watch all the candidates, they had some version of Donald Trump's agenda, from energy to the borders to the economy to foreign policy, a lot of similarities. He has seemed to have set the agenda with slight modifications. He'd say, oh, I do all of that, all the stuff Trump did but I also would add this.CONWAY: So, I go for Trump light, or I take a chance on someone who's promising when you can actually go back to the guy who delivered all those things you care about?HANNITY: Let's get your take, Mark Penn. Mark, from your perspective, how do you read the numbers tonight and what does this mean going forward?PENN: Well, first, I was amazed that there is now a Donald Trump who will share the podium with his former opponents. That is, as you say, a new Donald Trump out there.No question, look, when I look at these numbers, he has consolidated his opponents except one, Nikki Haley. He's on the way to winning this nomination. But she is holding the critical swing vote in the election.If he doesn't reconcile with her, it will be a fission the Democrats will be able to exploit in the election with their key issues on abortion, on climate change, and in those suburbs. So he still got a big job ahead of him. It's not over yet.HANNITY: No, I think that's a great admonition and a good warning for everybody. And at some point, this will be a choice election perhaps unlike any we have ever seen in our lifetime. We talk a lot about choice elections.Mark, thank you. Kellyanne, great to see you. Charlie, always good to see you. Thank you all for being with us tonight.All right. Let us bring in the co-host of "America Reports," our own Sandra Smith with FOX News voter analysis from tonight.Sandra, a lot we can glean from the voters here in New Hampshire.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Absolutely, and some of the new data points we have to dig into to see how Donald Trump had such a good night there in New Hampshire. We want to look at some of the strengths that we heard from voters on the ground, the groups who put him over the top by 30 points in Iowa. They showed up again, Sean, in the Granite State.Just take a look at some of these numbers, 81 percent of those self- identified very conservatives, they went for Donald Trump. When you look at the turnout in Iowa, I mean, you are looking at him winning with that group by a much bigger margin than even in Iowa. That number was 58 percent. And those with no college degree, 64 percent back the former president, and with rural voters, it's about the same as in Iowa, 57 percent. Those are some key strengths that we saw from Donald Trump in New Hampshire.Now, take a look at Nikki Haley. She definitely had a different mix which led to her turn out there. She was counting on a much different mix then you are seeing with voters in that state, to boost her chances. Among the moderates, she did okay. College-educated voters, she did okay. Suburban voters, you can see she won 45 percent, less than half of them supported Nikki Haley in this race. It just was not enough.Meanwhile, Trump is still facing, as we know, multiple investigations and indictments. So we wanted to ask voters on the ground there in New Hampshire, Republican voters, what they think about that and how it affects their vote. So we asked voters, the percent of them that said he did nothing wrong when it came to these charges against him, 46 percent say they think Trump did nothing wrong when it comes to January 6th. Forty- three percent say the same about his alleged interference in the 2020 vote count, and it is 37 percent when it comes to classified documents at Mar-a- Lago.So, obviously, we are watching that as a data point as we head into these other states. Another one we asked, and this could be a key finding as we look forward to the general election, we asked voters whether or not they are concerned that Donald Trump is too extreme to win the general election in November. New Hampshire Republicans are about split on this, meaning about half are concerned that he is too extreme.So, among those who said yes, that he's too extreme, 71 percent said they support Haley. That, of course, would support her contention that she has a better chance in the general election than Donald Trump. Of course, those who say he's not too extreme, well, 9 out of 10 of them cast their vote for Donald Trump.So, Sean, those are just some of the data points that we can take away from New Hampshire voters on the ground. We will have more as the night goes on.HANNITY: And one of the biggest points I thought, Sandra, as I was looking at the numbers, when you break it down, actual registered Republicans in New Hampshire, 70 percent, they went for Donald Trump. That's a big number. If you have state and you don't have an open primary or you don't have as many independents, that probably based on these numbers, would favor Trump moving forward, but time will tell. I say this --SMITH: She did do better with some of those late deciders. The FOX News voter analysis reveals as well, more of them then not cast a vote for Nikki Haley in that race. Those who have kind of known all along, they voted for Donald Trump.HANNITY: All right. Our own Sandra Smith, great job tonight, Sandra. Thank you.All right. Our own very own Sara Carter is standing by at the Red Arrow Diner in Manchester.Sara, what's going on? What's on the menu tonight? I would take it -- let me see, I'll take a patty melt with extra onions, please, and American cheese.SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you know what? They've got -- I got to tell you, Sean, they've got webbwich here, David Webb actually talked them into a David Webb sandwich. So, it's pretty funny.I said we've got to get a Hannity special going here at the Red Arrow Diner.HANNITY: Yeah.CARTER: I mean, you can feel the excitement in the air, right? Everybody here is excited. I mean, it all starts here in New Hampshire, and the voters are ready to talk.Let's start with you. How did you feel that today's primary?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, to be honest with you, I've been a Trump vote in the past but this time around I am Dean Phillips.CARTER: Oh, look at this. It's okay.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's the only Democrat that talks about the border and that's my number one issue.CARTER: Well, and Trump does, too. President Trump has been talking about it from the beginning.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, but Trump kind of rub some people the wrong way. Dean Phillips is a nice guy. Dean2024.com.CARTER: Hey, Sean, you know what? Everybody here -- they have their own candidates and everybody gets along, which is great. It's all about unifying as Americans.Let's talk to you. How do you feel that today's primary?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I think it's what we expected. I think it has been under the assumption that Trump was going to get the nomination or he's going to win our primary for months now, which is a very good thing. He's going to -- well, at this point we need to rally behind the party, unite, and we've got to get Biden out of there.CARTER: That's what everybody --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I agree with that.CARTER: That's what everybody is feeling. Everybody wants to get Biden out here on this side of the table, Sean.I don't know if you have a question for him, because I know a lot of people want to talk to you.HANNITY: I just want to know what's on the menu. I've always -- yeah.CARTER: You just want to know what's on the menu. Everything that's good, Sean, everybody's that good is on the menu here. Tell me what you're hoping as we wrap this up.What are you hoping to see, come this primary?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm hoping for Trump.CARTER: You're hoping for Trump?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm hoping for Trump and border -- border security.CARTER: Border security.Well, Sean, this is what you say. Border security is the number one issue here New Hampshire as well as across the country.Sean, back to you.HANNITY: All right, Sara, great job as always. We appreciate it.Joining us now, FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer and former senior advisor to President Trump, Stephen Miller, and Congressman Byron Donalds is right here on the set with us in New Hampshire.How are you? Good to see you.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): I'm doing good. How are you?HANNITY: I'm good.OK, analyze tonight. What do you see?DONALDS: Big night for President Trump. Look, this thing is over. We know this. This is going to be Nikki Haley's biggest opportunity. She's ten points down with 50 percent of the vote in.This is like when you saw from those rollercoaster, Sean, where you start really low, where she started at 1, 2 percent. You crest all the way up, you think things are going well, and then you go over the edge and it's downhill from there.South Carolina is not going to go well for her. Nevada is not going to go well for her. Florida is not going to go well for her. It's time for the party to unite.This primary is over but she wants to hang around, so we will have to beat her in a couple more states.HANNITY: Ari Fleischer, your take, sir?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, unless Nikki Haley is able to make deeper inroads with the group that represents the most Republicans, which is conservative Republicans, I think she's going to hit a plateau and she might be there right now with about 45 percent in a state that is quite friendly toward a Nikki Haley candidacy.So, when she says she started 2 percent and has moved up, she's right. She should get credit for being the last woman standing. But in politics, that's not good enough, and the fundamental thing she hasn't come to terms with yet is that conservatives love Donald Trump and she hasn't been able to crack that. That'll be a problem in South Carolina, as well, I suspect.HANNITY: All right. We can see that Trump is up a full percentage points right now.Stephen Miller, people I know crunching numbers, texting me, they think the number is closer to 13, 14, maybe even 15 percent. Regardless, I agree with Ari. If there was a state suited for a more independent or more moderate Republican, it would be the state of New Hampshire, and heading into your own home state.Four years from now, there's going to be an open primary. Does Nikki Haley, if you're a campaign manager and you want her to be president one day, does she look at the idea of maybe losing her home state, right now down 30.2 percent, Real Clear Politics average, does she take that risk and continue? Or is it better to say I'll come back in four years and I think I have a better opportunity?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Well, you would think that she would try to avoid the staggering humiliation of what is setting up to be a historic defeat in her home state. As your other guests have mentioned, New Hampshire is where she bet everything. It would have been the perfect state for her. And not only is she going to lose by significant double-digit margin, but she is going to lose despite the fact that a record number of unaffiliated and Democrat voters participated in the primary.A record low, according to exit polls, 47 percent of New Hampshire Republican primary voters were actually Republican. And yet Donald Trump still notched this massive victory. It's even more significant victory than it appears on paper for Donald Trump tonight.HANNITY: I agree. I've got to tell you, so -- as you go from here, if you are Donald Trump, do you start beginning the transition to a general campaign against Joe Biden? I would like to see him more focused on Biden than maybe Nikki Haley. I don't think it's going to be necessary in the next two states.DONALDS: Well, I totally believe that's what needs to happen. Over at Joe Biden's campaign, they're already starting to gear up, in their mind.HANNITY: Big turn.DONALDS: It's about Donald Trump and that's going to be their focus. That needs to be the focus of the Republican Party and the Trump campaign. It's about November, Sean. The primary contest is over.HANNITY: Do you think it's over Ari Fleischer? Ten seconds.FLEISCHER: I don't think it's over but I think Donald Trump missed an opportunity tonight in that speech. He should have gone after Joe Biden and ignored Nikki Haley, and those are opportunities you don't get too often. Set his sights on Biden, that's a smart thing for Donald Trump.HANNITY: I would have preferred to hear more about Biden.All right. Thank you all three. Stephen, thank you. Byron, great to see you. Ari, thank you.When we come back. More "Hannity." We're live, we're in New Hampshire. Thank you for being with FOX News.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. I will be on with Bret and Martha, by the way. Stay with the FOX News Channel for continuing coverage of the New Hampshire primary results. I'll be back on in 15 minutes. They are next.