SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And we start tonight with a FOX News alert. My opening monologue in just a moment.But first, a hazmat team was seen at Donald Trump Jr.'s home in Florida tonight after an envelope was reportedly sent with an unknown white powder inside. Pretty scary.Anyway, joining us now with the latest is Matt Finn.Matt, what's the latest in Florida?MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sean, Donald Trump Jr. says an envelope with a suspicious white substance arrived to his home in Jupiter, Florida, earlier today, causing a massive emergency response from law enforcement. Workers in white hazmat suits were photographed inside and around the exterior of Trump Jr.'s home. Fire and rescue trucks from Palm Beach County were also on the scene.A spokesperson for Trump Jr. tells us the results of the substance came up inconclusive, but officials do not consider it deadly. "The Daily Beast" initially reported that that Trump Jr. opened the envelope, causing that white powdery substance to fly out. Donald Trump Jr. told the daily beast that this is the second envelope containing white powder that's been mailed to him in recent years. Trump Jr. said that his haters will largely gloss over this incident and that the media will, quote, barely flinch -- Sean.HANNITY: All right. Matt Finn, I've been there. Had this happen, I had a very scary experience once turned out to be nothing, but when you don't know, it's chilling. Thank you, Matt.All right. Also tonight, Joe Biden continues to lag far behind former President Trump in the polls. Look at this new Harvard-Harris poll. Donald Trump now leads Biden nationwide by six points. One big reason for that is Biden's disastrous open borders agenda. That is now obviously wreaking havoc in every town, every city all across the country.According to a new Monmouth poll, well, most Americans say illegal immigration is a, quote, very serious problem and it gets worse because another poll released just last week found that just 26 percent of Americans approve of Joe Biden's job on immigration. And frankly, even that number seems high.Now, since day one in office, Joe Biden has worked to undo every single Trump era policy that was handed to him, the most secure border ever inherited in the modern age in our history. But anyway, with the stroke of a pen, within the first 100 days, well, Joe Biden revoked Donald Trump's efforts to exclude illegal immigrants from the census, he strengthened DACA, he stopped all border wall construction, he ended Trump's interior enforcement rule, ended the remain in Mexico policy that was working, ended asylum agreements with El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and let, what, title 42 expire.Now, he can reinstate all of those policies just as simply, just as easily as he undid them, with the stroke of a pen. And now, after years of aiding and abetting the rampant law breaking at our southern border -- well, now after years of lying, the White House announced that Biden, wow, out of nowhere, he's going to visit the border for just the second time although the first time I would argue wasn't really a visit and it's going to happen this Thursday, and how convenient.Well, it is the same day the former President Trump will be touring the border himself. By the way, we have a major announcement on this front later in the show. But wait, the Biden White House they have been telling all of us, the American people, just like they tell the American people he Joe does more in an hour than the average American does in an entire day. Anyone believe that?Or I never spoke to Hunter, my brother or anybody for that matter about their foreign business deals?But I think their biggest lie was about our border. The border is closed. The border is secure. They said it over and over and over again. Shall we remind you?Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It sounds to most folks like a crisis.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, look, it's way down now. We've now gotten control.ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, DHS SECRETARY: Precisely that the border is closed.Nor could I have been clear and continued to be so, which is the border is closed.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The United States will continue to enforce our laws and secure our border.MAYORKAS: The border -- we are working to make the border more secure.CHUCK TODD, NBC NEWS HOST: You're confident this border's secure?HARRIS: We have a secure border in that that is a priority for any nation including ours and our administration.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We agree that the border is secure.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: They've been pushing that lie to you the American people for three long years, only recently has that now evolved into blaming Republicans for Joe lying and saying he's done everything -- I've done everything I could possibly do, he said. Why won't Republicans help me?Now, he and Mayorkas and Kamala Harris, they now blame Republicans for their failed policies. Is this some kind of cynical joke? You decide.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KRISTEN WELKER, NBC NEWS HOST: Do you bear responsibility for what is happening at the border with the president himself has called a crisis?MAYORKAS: It certainly is a crisis and while we don't bear responsibility for a broken system and we're doing a tremendous amount within that broken system, but fundamentally, fundamentally, Congress is the only one who can fix it.REPORTER: Have you done everything you can do with executive authority? Or is there more you could do?BIDEN: I've done all I can do. Just give me the power. I've asked from the very day I got into office. Give me the Border Patrol. Give me the people - - give me the people, the judges. Give me the people who can stop this and make it work right.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, I've done everything I can do? Really? You caused the problem. You didn't have the problem when you got into the White House.Now, this strategy doesn't appear to be working. Donald Trump is now surging ahead of Biden in nearly every key swing state. That would be Michigan and Wisconsin and North Carolina, Arizona, Georgia.But first, here with a lot more is FOX News White House correspondent Peter Doocy.Peter, you know please fact check me. For three long years, haven't we been told over and over again by the president, the vice president, Department of Homeland Security secretary and every spokesperson they've ever had, that the border is closed, the border is secure. Didn't we hear that for three years and now, all of a sudden, it's Republicans fault and that it's a mess now, and they won't help him?PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: We did hear that over and over, and a lot's changed in the 14 or 15 months since I asked President Biden before he flew out to Arizona one day why he was going to a border state and not visiting the border and he told me it was because there were more important things going on.Now, recently, you talk to people at the White House, you talked to people with the Biden campaign, they would list the number one issue in this election that is coming up as being the cost of living or the economy.But this trip seems to be an admission that they have realized they cannot win reelection without fixing what is happening at the border. And it -- there is a lot of talk among Democrats about how this is not a political issue, they got to get the politics out of it to fix it. But what we're going to see on Thursday, at least probably from Trump and from Biden, but what we're going to see from President Biden is going to be very political.He is going to be talking about how it is on Republicans to get a little bit of urgency behind them and pass this bipartisan Senate deal.But I was talking to some Republican governors coming out of their meeting with the president at the White House on Friday and they said they didn't really see a point in President Biden continuing to focus on that bipartisan Senate deal because, yes, Republicans helped negotiate it, but it's dead right now. Donald Trump put enough pressure on Republicans to kill the bill essentially, he didn't like it, he got enough people -- he's the leader of the party -- got enough people with him. That package is dead.So what lawmakers want to see are other things that President Biden can do. And we know possibly before the state of the union next week, he is considering some executive actions like restricting who can ask for asylum and where at the border. But the place that he's going to go according to our teams down there is a sector -- the Rio Grand sector. It's where things are pretty dead this time of year, dead like only 300 or 400 encounters a day. It's other places at the border uh where they're getting 2,000, 4,000, the Border Patrol cannot keep up with the volume of people coming across.Something else that was kind of funny tonight to see President Biden at the ice cream shop in New York where he was fundraising and taping a late night comedy show. He said that he was always going to go to the border. He didn't know that his good friend Donald Trump was going to just happen to be there the same day -- Sean.HANNITY: Just -- I had no idea at all. Sort of like East Palestine, a year after the train derailment, oh, a year later, he comes. He's three years late, and it's three years of documented lies about how the border was closed and secure in spite of what our eyes were showing us and we were showing this audience and the American people saw for themselves. It's pretty unbelievable.Well, guess we'll be seeing you down in Texas on Thursday. Peter Doocy, thank you.All right. Now, while Biden finds the time to visit the southern border -- well, you the American people, you have been feeling the deadly effects of his failed border policies now for years.ISIS now confirming that the suspect in the murder of this Augusta medical college nursing student Laken Riley entered the United States illegally from Venezuela and was previously arrested in New York City. We had a chance to deport him. That didn't happen in the sanctuary city of New York.Now, saying in a statement that he was arrested by border patrol in September 2022, crossing into the U.S. in El Paso. Former President Trump did react to the news of Riley's murder, blaming it on yes, Biden's border invasion.Also breaking tonight, another illegal from Venezuela arrested in Virginia, charged with sexual assault against a minor and remember, the cops being beaten in time square while they were also from Venezuela in the country illegally. They, of course, got let go by Alvin Bragg who's now going after Donald Trump over a Stormy Daniels issue we knew about in 2016, but they got to flee the sanctuary city of New York to head to the sanctuary state of California after flipping the people of New York a double bird.And, by the way, since when could states and cities actually codify into law policies that are fed -- on the federal level illegal., Now because of Joe Biden and Joe Biden alone, we have nearly 10 million illegal, unvetted immigrants roaming this country, including thousands from our top geopolitical foes, tens of thousands from China, over 12,000 from Russia, we got Iran, the number one state sponsor of terror, their satellite state Syria, Egypt home of the Muslim Brotherhood, Afghanistan where we're now seeing the reemergence of training camps of al-Qaeda.Joe Biden's border crisis is one of the biggest national security threats we have ever faced. It is also exacerbating the violent crime surge that is happening all across the country. And according to border patrol data, under former President Trump, only 11 criminal non-citizens were arrested for homicide or manslaughter. So far, under Biden, that number has surged to 165.Similarly, under Biden, the number of criminal noncitizens arrested for assault and domestic violence that has more than doubled. And meanwhile, New York City is reeling from the consequences of Joe Biden's open border crisis. Take a look at your screen. We have brand new video out tonight that appears to be an illegal immigrant fight club outside a shelter, in Queens, that taxpayers are paying for.And last Thursday, well, a 17-year-old was stabbed in a brawl near time square, yep, in an illegal immigrant shelter. Now, even when Trump took steps to secure the border, Democrats are laying the groundwork for this very open borders disaster that we've been watching unfold for over years. You might remember this. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRIS: I think there's no question that we've got to critically reexamine ICE and its role and the way that it is being administered and the work it is doing, and we need to probably think about starting from scratch.SEN. KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND (D-NY): I don't think ice today is working as intended.CHRIS CUOMO, TV HOST: You think you should get rid of the agency?GILLIBRAND: I believe that it has become a deportation force and I think you should separate the criminal justice from the immigration issues, and I think you should reimagine ICE.REP. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT (D-NY): It's too aggressive and over the top and I think it's lost its course. And so, therefore we should replace it with something sensible, something practical. They still have to be a law enforcement agency but one that's a little bit more humane.SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA): We need to rebuild our immigration system from top to bottom starting by replacing ICE with something that reflects our moral.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): We can replace it and we can replace it with a humane agency that is directed towards safe passage instead of the direction of criminalization.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What do you mean black sites?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now you might recall your vice president then-Senator Harris compared ICE to the KKK. Just in case you forgot. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The Klan was a -- what we would call today a domestic terrorist group.HARRIS: Why? Why would we call them domestic terrorist group?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because they tried to use fear and force to change political environment.HARRIS: And what was the motivation for the use of fear and force?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Was based on race and ethnicity.HARRIS: Right. Are you aware of the perception of many about how the power and the discretion at ISIS being used to enforce the laws, and do you see any parallels?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I do not see any parallels between sworn officers and agents --(CROSSTALK)HARRIS: I'm talking about perception. I'm talking about perception.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I do not see a parallel between what is constitutionally mandated as it relates to enforcing the law --HARRIS: Are you aware that there's a perception -- are you aware there's a perception --(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I see no perception that puts ICE in the same category as the KKK. Is that what you're asking me?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: A perception comparing to the KKK.On the 2020 campaign trail, Biden did preview his plan for this lawlessness and open borders. You might remember. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MODERATOR: Someone who is here without documents and that is his only offense, should that person be deported?BIDEN: That person should not be the focus of deportation. We should fundamentally change the way we deal with things.MODERATOR: What exact changes would you bring to ICE as an agency?BIDEN: I would hold ICE agents accountable if in fact they stepped over my executive order. You only arrest for the purpose of dealing with a felony that's committed and I don't count drunk driving as a felony.The first 100 days of my administration, no one, no one will be deported at all. From that point on, the only deportations will take place are commissions of felonies in the United States of America.MODERATOR: So to be clear, only felons get deported and everyone else --BIDEN: Period.(END VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Wow, does that that tell the whole story, the chaos at the border and its deadly consequences, sadly were all preventable. But as they were with pretty much everything, this administration once again is a day late and a dollar short.Here with reaction is Texas Senator Ted Cruz.Senator, you've been down there more than anybody. I think the thing I resent the most is they are just flat out lying. Republicans in the House did pass HR-. This compromise bill would have allowed 5,000 illegal immigrants still into the country. It was not a compromise. That's not a border security bill.Your reaction?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, listen, I listen to that rhetoric from the campaigns and the crisis we're seeing unfolding is what Joe Biden campaigned on, it's what he believes and what it's what he intends to continue doing. Every day, the Biden body bags are building up and more and more people are dying, more and more children are being brutalized, more and more women are being sexually assaulted. And I got to say, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Chuck Schumer, the Democrats in office, they do not care.This is deliberate. You know, look you talk about Laken Riley, a beautiful 22-year-old nursing student in Georgia murdered. And I'm here to tell you right now, that is the direct result of policy and political decisions by Joe Biden and by Democrats.You look at the Venezuelan murderer, number one, he came in illegally to this country. The Biden administration apprehended him. You know what they should have done? They should have put him on a plane and sent him back to Venezuela immediately but they didn't.Joe Biden decided to let him go. Just to release him. So they released the murderer, but then the murderer goes to New York City and what happens? He's arrested for endangering the safety of a child.And then what happens? The Democrats in New York City, they let him go, and they don't inform the federal officials, they don't want him deported because New York City is proudly a sanctuary city, so they let him go again and he comes down to Georgia and he murders that young woman.You just played Joe Biden there saying -- well, we're not going to deport any illegal who commits drunk driving. Well, let me ask every American who lost a friend or family or loved one to drunk driving. Why is it that the Democrats are proudly saying we want criminals who drive drunk here? What they're saying it is, it is offensive, it is harmful, it is dangerous and it is a cynical politics that puts partisan gain above protecting the lives and the safety of American citizens.HANNITY: You know, Senator, you know, you've been down there so often. As a matter of fact, when they had kids in cages in the middle of a pandemic and COVID, they were overcrowded, they wouldn't allow my cameras in there. You were gracious enough to film it and give us the video so we could show the American people.That we have been talking about this for three years. We've been showing images for three years, but wait a minute, now, all of a sudden, the border that they told us for three years was secure and closed. Now, it's the Republicans fault.Okay, does that -- does that I guess verbal jiu-jitsu work? Because that's incomprehensible to me.CRUZ: Yeah. Look, I don't think it's going to work at all. Nobody who has an IQ above room temperature is going to believe the Democrat's latest blame that, oh, the border crisis is Republicans' fault. Look, remember, when Joe Biden became president, he inherited the lowest rate of illegal immigration in 45 years.Joe Biden and the Democrats deliberately broke this system. They caused the highest rate of illegal immigration in history, and I'm here to tell you when Donald Trump is reelected and I believe he's going to be reelected in November.When he comes back into office in January, we're going to see the numbers plummet again, because what it takes is a president willing to enforce the law.And you talk about going to the border. I was at our southern border yesterday. I was down in Laredo yesterday. I did a town hall down in Laredo. I actually did it with the Democratic mayor in Laredo, with the Democratic county judge in Laredo.And what's interesting is in Texas, Democrats and Republicans can work together reasonably. Nobody in south Texas can defend what's happening at our border. There aren't Democrats who can defend it because when you see the dead bodies, when you see the women and children brutalized, when you see the people dying of drug overdoses, there is no defense.And I got to say yesterday when I was down on the border, they asked me -- do you have anything to say to Joe Biden, I said come to the border. He announced today he is coming to the border, but I'm here to predict he's going to do what he did in El Paso which is hide every illegal immigrant and put on a photo op that's fundamentally deceptive.HANNITY: Oh, like he shows up in East Palestine a year after the train derailment. Day late, dollar short. Year late, he's three plus years late now, but it's the Republican's fault. It was his policies and then he lied for three years. Can't make it up, Senator. Only in D.C. do you get this kind of lying.We appreciate you being with us.And we have a big announcement by the way as it relates to the border coming up by the end of the show.Now, coming up, as Biden's blunders, they continue to get worse and worse - - well, Democrats, they're now scrambling to defend their -- well, cognitively deficient presidential candidate, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now, apparently, Democrats they're so worried about Joe Biden's clear and obvious cognitive decline that they are just pretending that it is not happening. They don't want you to believe your lying eyes and ears. Now, here's South Carolina Congressman Jim Clyburn trying to make an excuse for Joe's decline. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JIM CLYBURN (D-SC): There's something wrong with Trump, and we know there's something wrong with Trump. All of that meandering that he was doing today, but we never see any reporting on that. If Joe Biden commits a gaffe, a guy who stuttered all of his childhood into his adulthood and everybody know his stuttering, is what caused a lot of his speech impediment. And we know that. It has nothing to do with his brain.He stumbles one time and everybody says he's too old to be the president. Look, we had a president of the these United States, I saw the rankings the other day, who in the top 10 and some people got him in the top three. Franklin Roosevelt was in the wheelchair. It didn't bother his brain.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Mumbling, bumbling, stumbling, dazed and confused. No, you can compare Biden even to 2020 and it was bad then to today, and it is frightening, the decline that has taken place.California Governor Gavin Newsom, he says Joe Biden's age is an asset. I don't think he believes this for a second. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D), CALIFORNIA: It's because of his age that he's been so successful. It's because of the wisdom and the character that's developed over years that we have the Chips and Science Act the infrastructure bill and the Pact Act and the Safer Communities act. And because we've seen these bipartisan accomplishments, because of his capacity of understanding because of his leadership, so the opportunity to express that for four more years, what a gift it is for the American people. And as a Democrat, what a gift for me to make the case for the leader of our party, Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, okay, I don't think many people buy that.Now, Governor Newsom also made probably his most repulsive and despicable comment this week when he said Republicans give rapists more rights than families to trying to get in vitro fertilization, IVF. By the way, we're going to deal with that later in the week.Now, despite the left's denials, all you need to do is watch. Joe this is his latest blunders. We could run an entire hour of Joe's blunders, but take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Stand here in front of this portrait of the man behind me here. He - - he said and I want to make sure I get the quote exactly right. He said the better angel -- he said, we must address the council and address the better angels of our nature and we do it, and we do well to remember. What else he said? He said we're not enemies but we're friends. It's the middle the -- in the part of the civil war. He said we're not enemies, but we're friend, we must not be enemies.Folks, and I've been around, I know I don't look it, but I've been around a long while.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And he botched that up, too. The American people, you're not fooled. They're turning on Joe Biden. Quickly, look at this poll showing that former President Donald Trump with has a positive favorability rating while Joe, he's 11 points underwater.Here with reaction is FOX News contributors Kellyanne Conway, Charlie Hurt.Kellyanne, that did not seem, on top of getting the quote wrong, you could barely hear through the mumbling, bumbling, stumbling Joe Biden even give the quote, but he got it wrong. Let me get the right here, you know, same typical day for Joe.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Clyburn and Newsom seem really nervous about the hand that the Democratic Party is dealt now that we're almost a Super Tuesday and close to the conventions this summer.Sean, it's not Joe Biden's childhood stuttering. It's his octogenarian muttering that is bothering everybody. People know what they see with their own two eyes.And I would just tell you, this is baked in his approval and his favorability ratings, which are two separate measures, both of which are horrible for Joe Biden. He has the worst three-year consecutive pattern on an approval rating of any president from either party since World War II. And guess when he lost it -- the last time he had a 44 percent approval rating in this country was in August of 2021 before the chaotic and unnecessary Afghanistan pull out. He never recovered from that, particularly among independents.I want to tell you something. If people thought the economy was great, if they felt they were safe in their neighborhoods, the border was secure, we didn't have the Israeli Hamas war, we weren't at war in Ukraine, we didn't feel just so insecure and that everyday life is so unaffordable, if they thought Joe Biden was doing a good job on other metrics, they would sound like Gavin Newsom and pretend that his senility and lack of an immobility and incoherence and incompetence were assets.But he's got no goodwill built up on any one issue. In all the latest polling, his approval ratings on foreign policy, the Israel -- Israeli- Hamas war, immigration, Ukraine and the economy are all his worst measures. And the worst ones among Democrats where he's been failing within his own party, and the recent polling came out this week is on Israel Israel-Hamas and immigration.One is a new issue, relatively and one he inherited it and knew was coming for him.HANNITY: You know, Charlie, the numbers speak for themselves. I mean, usually for a sitting president to get reelected, they've got to be near the 50 percent mark in terms of their approval rating. He's way below that. Gallup has him at 38 percent, and 86 percent of the American people think he's way too old to run for another term or serve another term.Those, the American people are screaming at the Democratic Party that that this guy is not qualified for office. But yet, they send out James Clyburn, they send out Gavin Newsom, and any other surrogate they can find that's willing to say something that is just factually not true to defend him. How's that going to work out for them?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, I don't think it's going to work out very well for them especially when you look at the numbers of what voters care about most of all right now. And it's increasingly -- it's not -- obviously, it's the economy and gas prices and things like that, but it's increasingly illegal immigration and crime.And what I think is so interesting to listen to Jim Clyburn and other Democrats, they're so quick to try to defend him about all of the mental mess that every speech he gives is. They're so quick to defend him about his age and I think the reason they're so quick to talk about that is because literally, they would rather talk about that than talk about any of the issues, because the issues are just that terrible as Kellyanne just sort of laid out there.You know, the issue of illegal immigration, the issue of what we're seeing in our streets today where people are dying, literally dying as a direct result of Joe Biden's policies. You know, but -- you know, in 2020, Joe Biden and all the Democrats, they raised their hand and they said that they favored giving free health care to illegal aliens. By free healthcare I mean paid for by U.S. taxpayers. Free health care for illegal aliens, and they invited him to this country, they let them in and now we are reaping what they -- what Joe Biden and Democrats sowed.HANNITY: Everybody watching, are you better off than you were four years ago? What policy of Joe Biden would you point to that was successful? Pretty fundamental.All right. Kellyanne, thank you. Charlie Hurt, thank you.When we come back, instead of taking responsibility for his failed economic policies, Biden is now blaming food companies and greedy food companies and shrinkflation. Oh, I can't wait to get reaction from Senator John Kennedy. I could actually listen to him for hours on end, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: I think you're going to love this one. Joe Biden is now declared a new public enemy number one, shrinkflation. Now that's what he says happens when fewer items are placed in containers but the price remains the same, like when there's you know fewer chips in a bag. Joe released a video about shrinkflation on the day of the Super Bowl and apparently he's going to bring it up during the State of the Union address as well.But why the sudden focus on the so-called issue? Well, it's obvious that Joe knows that everything that you buy is too expensive especially food and he just doesn't want you to blame him for it. I thought he was bragging about Bidenomics.Now, instead, just blame those nasty greedy, you know, big corporations, big oil, big pharma -- big, big, big, but no big government? Again, the American people, they know better. "The Wall Street Journal" pointing out rightly so, a sad fact that Americans are now spending more of their incomes on food right now that at any other point in the past 30 years, since 1991 to be specific. That's all because of Joe Biden -- Bidenomics, Biden inflation.Here with reaction, Louisiana Senator John Kennedy is with us.Senator, good to have you back.Blame big oil, blame big business, the border isn't his fault, nothing's his fault, everything is Trump's fault. The border's safe and secure but now, it's Republican's fault.You know when you think of this number that the Americans spend more on food more of their income as a percentage on food than at any other point in the past 30 years, Senator, I think those people see and feel the real impact of Bidenomics in real time. Will he get away with this h shifting of blame?SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): Sean, I -- I did not think that President Obama was a very good president, but compared to President Biden, President Obama just shoplifted. President Biden stole the whole bank.President Biden's inflation not only hurts people but it hurts businesses. Shrinkflation exists when a business has to needs to raise its prices because its costs have gone up as a result of inflation but it's scared to raise its prices because it's scared people won't buy its product. So it saves money by making a smaller product.Unless you were homeschooled by a day drinker, you can see that shrinkflation and inflation are just different sides of the same coin, and any economist, any reputable economist who didn't get his degree from Costco will tell you that President Biden's economic policies caused both inflation and shrinkflation.Now, I don't -- I don't hate anyone and that includes President Biden. But when he tries to blame shrinkflation and inflation on small business people, you have to consider the source. So much of the attention right now is on President Biden's age, and it's true that it takes longer than a trip to Jupiter for him to walk across the stage, but we can't lose sight of the fact that his economic policies have been almost every time reliably and dependably wrong, and his inflation is a cancer on the American dream.And the American people have figured it out and that's why if you believe the polls, the president is polling right up there with Chlamydia.HANNITY: You know, Senator, California, for example, is suing oil companies. They have some of the highest oil prices in the country, gas prices in the country. Joe Biden has talked about doing the same thing.Now, they're going after big business. Now, they talk about corporate greed. Now, they come up and coin a new term shrinkflation and they want to blame everybody but themselves.At what point do they ever take responsibility and say that the buck stops here? I don't -- I don't think they're willing to take responsibility for any of their policies. It's their policies that has caused the economic downturn, caused 60-plus percent of the American people now to live paycheck to paycheck.How do they get away with trying to shift that blame?KENNEDY: Well, look, it's time that that we -- we're honest with ourselves, Sean. This presidential election is going to be President Trump versus President Biden. I've endorsed President Trump.When the media ask me why, I tell them it's not a choice between a Republican and a Democrat. It's a choice between hope and more hurt. And with President Biden, all we're going to get is more hurt, starting with the cost of going to the grocery store, continuing on with crime in the streets, the open bleeding wound at the border, the fact that our enemies no longer respect us, the sacrifice of our energy independence.I mean, it's been a just a conga line of failures. It gives me no joy to say that, but that's the way the American people see it. As I've said before, the American people may be poorer under President Biden, but they're not stupid. They had figured this out.HANNITY: Do you -- do you really believe that? Now, polls show that, and poll show Joe's losing a large part of the base of the Democratic Party. Do you think that holds?KENNEDY: I think that a large part of the Democratic Party will probably stay home. That's what happens when a voter is not enthusiastic about his or her candidate. If the election were held today, I think President Trump's vote would turn out and I think a lot of the misgivings about President Biden, all well-placed would result in a lower voter turnout for his base.HANNITY: Do you think Donald Trump can bring in independence, that often swing elections?KENNEDY: Well, once again it's a choice between hope or more hurt -- more hurt. And if people think back about how their lives were under President Trump and compare them to the day today, I think they'll vote accordingly.HANNITY: All right. Senator Kennedy, always great to have you. Thank you for being with us.When we come back, the left outraged over comments that Donald Trump made during a speech this weekend, and the latest updates on Trump's court battles. Lawfare is alive and well in America, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And today, we have two updates on Trump's legal battles out of New York. Now, this morning, Trump's legal team, they appealed Judge Engoron's ruling that found him liable for more than $355 million in damages in the civil fraud case, pretty unprecedented, no victim at all whatsoever.Also, today, well, the Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg, you know, the guy that allowed the cop beaters and Times Square out with no bail, that guy, anyway, he requested a gag order on the former president's criminal case set to begin later this month.Meanwhile, the left is coming after Donald Trump. He made comments this weekend at a speech at a gala on Friday where he said his indictments may have boosted his appeal to African-American voters. Here's what he said. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I got indicted a second time and a third time and a fourth time, and a lot of people said that that's why the Black people like me because they have been hurt so badly and discriminated against, and they actually viewed me as I'm being discriminated against. It's been pretty amazing. I think that's why the Black people are so much on my side now because they see what's happening to me happens to them. Does that make sense?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, for years, Democrats, they have talked about how African- Americans get harsher sentences. Here's a quick trip down memory lane. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WARREN: Study after study after study shows that for the exact same crimes African-Americans are more likely than Whites to be arrested, to be prosecuted, to be wrongfully convicted and to receive harsher sentences.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Black people are more likely to get harsher sentences for the same acts as people who are White and they're many studies that show that that is true.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Black people, especially Black men, get harsher sentences.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Here with reaction, Congressman Byron Donalds is with us, along with the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", Tomi Lahren.Congressman, I tried to watch your appearance this weekend, a little difficult because you got interrupted every three seconds when you try to give an answer. The issue now is Donald Trump is showing in major polls great inroads, double digit inroads with the African-American community in this country. Disparate sentencing has been an issue that has been discussed in this country for a long time, the points that Elizabeth Warren herself was making.I did not -- that's how I took those comments. You -- I thought you were trying to say this weekend you felt the same way.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Good to be with you, Sean. I do feel the same way and look, I think the reason why you have Black voters with minority voters overall, looking like they're going to vote for Donald Trump in larger numbers is because Joe Biden's an abject disaster. Donald Trump did a great job as president and every demographic group was doing better during his presidency.You couple that with the fact that the border is a mess. We are being laughed at around the globe, our enemies are on the move, people want real leadership back in the White House and no matter what the tweets might have said, Donald Trump did that job.You couple that with the fact with the lawfare that is occurring, the miscarriage of justice, the political persecution, people are looking at this situation saying like man, if he's this bad and the government's after him, he's got to be doing something right because Joe Biden is an absolute disaster and everybody knows it.HANNITY: Let's get your reaction, Tomi Lahren.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Well, Sean, I can't claim to know what Black voters are thinking and feeling. And I would never attempt to do that.But I will say this, I think for the forgotten American, what Donald Trump is going through resonates with just average everyday Americans of every color, because we look and we see that Joe Biden is untouchable. We see the classified documents. We see potentially a pay-to-play scheme. We see Hunter Biden in the laptop and we see that the laws are not being applied to Joe Biden and his family the way that they ought to be.So the forgotten American is looking at Donald Trump indictments one, two, three, four, looking at all these felony charges against this president and they're saying, listen, if it can happen to Donald Trump, it can happen to me because I'm not a Biden and I'm not untouchable. So I think it resonates with the forgotten American.But I would also say after that mug shot in Georgia it wasn't Donald Trump that was saying it resonated with Black voters, there were Black voters saying it resonated with Black voters. So I think he's simply repeating that. I think he's doing well with the Black community, and I think he hopes it will continue.You know, people that want to get outraged about that they simply don't like Donald Trump and they're going to get outraged whatever he says. It doesn't matter. You know that, Sean.HANNITY: In predominantly minority neighborhoods, Congressman, let me ask you -- how are the school systems in a lot of cities and small towns in America? How's the issue of law and order and safety and security in a lot of cities, predominantly minority areas in this country? Who has been hurt the most by Joe Biden's policies?And under Trump, didn't he shatter every a record in terms of low unemployment for African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian-Americans, women in the workplace, African-American youth unemployment? Didn't that happen or is my memory kind of like Joe's?DONALDS: No, your memory is correct, Sean, but listen, schools in the inner city, they've been failing, they've been failing for a long time mostly because of Democrat control. Crime has been a mess when Democrats have had full control.And then you have this open border crisis created by Joe Biden and the Democrats where you're moving migrant children into these schools who have little to no schooling. So who take -- who do those resources leave? They leave the poor kids in our inner cities because they're trying to catch up these migrant kids to where these Black, Brown, these Hispanic -- these white kids are at right now. And they're already behind because the progressives in these blue states, they kept those kids out of classrooms for years.This stuff is a recipe for disaster. Donald Trump has the solution for what ails America.HANNITY: All right. Congressman, always love having you back.Tomi, great to see you as always.All right. When we come back, a big announcement right after this break, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Big programming announcement. This Thursday, we will head to Eagle Pass, Shelby Park, Texas, and we will be with former President Donald Trump at the border, and it's happening this Thursday night, 9:00 p.m. Eastern.Now, Joe's going to be down there really for the kind of the first time. Maybe, he'd like to join us. That'd be awesome.Joe, you're welcome. We'd love to have you, if you can function for long enough.All right. That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.