SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity". And thank you for being with us.The New Hampshire primary is now in the books. Donald Trump is now two for two, but Nikki Haley is vowing to move forward. And coming up tonight, the very latest fallout, the polls, analysis, and we look ahead to Nevada and South Carolina.Now, also tonight, we're going to bring you a very special interview with Vice President Harris, apparently the borders czar has now dedicated more time and effort to correcting her height on Wikipedia than actually securing our wide open southern border that they keep telling us and lying to us is closed and totally secure.Meanwhile, despite not campaigning in New Hampshire, it has been a very trying week for your commander-in chief Joe Biden. Just take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We'll teach Donald Trump a valuable lesson. Don't mess with the women in America unless you want to get the benefit.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: We're going to give you multiple opportunities tonight to be able to decipher and determine what it is he actually said there, because not only is Biden now slurring his speeches but he's also getting heckled and getting heckled repeatedly by members of his own party. They now are calling him genocide Joe and that's not all.Last night's results out of New Hampshire were -- well, frankly, pretty embarrassing for Joe Biden. You have a congressman, how many of you really have heard anything about Dean Phillips, who, you know, few people have heard of him. He took 21 percent of the vote. Marianne Williamson took another 5 percent, and Biden won the state with what 55 percent of the vote, the lowest total for a sitting Democratic president since Jimmy Carter.In the Republican primary Trump pulled off yet another double digit win in a hotly contested race against former Ambassador Nikki Haley, and between her campaign and super PACs -- well, nearly $30 million was spent on Governor Haley in the state of New Hampshire. That's twice the amount spent by former President Trump, and Haley also got a big boost from independents and Democrats who registered as independents in order to vote in the state's open primary system.Now, according to even a CNN exit poll, a whopping 70 percent of Haley voters in New Hampshire, they were not registered Republicans. And still, Donald Trump pulled off a double digit win amid record turnout in the Granite State. They had a huge turnout.And the next contest is in Nevada, where Haley is not even on the ballot in the state's caucus and then from there Trump and Haley they'll face off in South Carolina. Now, this is Nikki Haley's home state, where not long ago, she was a popular governor. And yet, according to the Real Clear Politics average, Donald Trump is up by 30 points in the state of north -- South Carolina. Nikki Haley, she's facing a steep uphill battle.So, it's no surprise that she and Donald Trump are now exchanging barbs, politics, it's simply spoken, it's just a blood sport, and like almost every primary, the rage -- well, the race gets heated at some point, and it's getting to that point. Haley claims she is more electable than Donald Trump.But according to a brand new Messenger-Harris poll, while Trump is now beating Biden by a whopping seven points in a hypothetical matchup, that's more than double Haley's lead against Biden in a recent poll, and needless to say the mob, the media -- well, simply, they're just terrified. They're scared to death. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What we are looking at here is an extremist MAGA base that is motivated by the politics of grievance and that is Donald Trump incarnate.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What did you think about the Tim Scott moment on the stage with Trump?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I mean, I've called this the great emasculation of the Republican Party. Trump has completely emasculated these guys.AL SHARPTON, MSNBC HOST: There are few moments in my life I've been more embarrassed than to watch Tim Scott who -- you know, I know Tim and I are both practicing Christians. But I don't know if he could pray like back to the other side. I mean, it was humiliating to watch what Tim Scott did.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No one will remember the margin of victory after last -- after tonight. But people will remember that speech which was vicious, even vile.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: What he's offering is strongman leadership, the end of politics, the end of elections, the end or the -- or the sidelining or domesticating as Ruth Ben-Ghiat says of the judiciary and the Congress. He'll -- he'll be the man in charge and he'll get it done and that's what he's selling and that's what they are very eager to buy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Attacking African-American conservatives, that's fair game, as per usual.Now for the better part of the -- of a decade, so-called journalists, they're not journalists in America, breathlessly reported that the sky is falling, Donald Trump's to blame, year after year, they predicted the collapse of our great American republic, democratic republic and told us that Donald Trump would lead us to World War III, and oh my goodness, he's going to have control of the -- of our nuclear arsenal.In reality, the exact opposite turned out to be true. Why? Because under President Trump, we had peace. Under Biden, we have war. Under Trump, we had almost no inflation and record low interest rates. Under Biden, Americans are getting squeezed every single day, 60 percent of Americans now live paycheck to paycheck.Under Trump, we had secure borders. Under Biden, well, wide open borders, a wave of unvetted illegal immigrants like we've never seen before, close to 10 million, if not over 10 million.Every single thing you can think of is worse under Joe Biden. Housing is unaffordable, homelessness, up all over the place. Crime -- you know, how's that defund, dismantle, no bail laws, and re-imagining the police working? Crime is up everywhere.Overdose deaths, they are reaching record levels as well. American democracy is being ripped to shreds by rogue activist judges and state officials. We have parents at school board meetings and pro-life activists that are marching peacefully being targeted by Joe Biden's DOJ for not staying on message. And so much is at stake this coming November, about 285 days away.Well, I won't tell anyone what to do with their campaigns. I never have. I'm not going to start now. But when the Republican primary is over, it is vitally important that everybody come in the GOP, everybody in that caucus, they better come together to beat Joe Biden, and they better get smart when it comes to voting early, voting by mail, overcoming that resistance and that reluctance, and also Democrats -- they're practicing something called legal ballot harvesting, states that allow it.Well, Republicans better match and surpass those efforts in 2024 so they don't start out election night down hundreds of thousands of votes.Anyway, here with reaction, from the Trump Organization, Eric Trump is with us.You know, there hasn't been -- well, first of all, in Iowa, there was never -- there's never been a person that won by a larger margin than Bob Dole, which was 1988, and that margin I think it was 12.8 percent. Your father won by 30 points in Iowa. Your father comes back and does something that hasn't been done since 1976, he wins Iowa, then goes on to win New Hampshire, and he wins it by double digits in a state frankly whose system of voting in primaries I don't like. I don't like open primaries. Republicans should elect Republican candidates in my view. Democrats should elect Democratic candidates.You can't deny, these are historic results for your father.ERIC TRUMP, TRUMP ORGANIZATION: There's no question about that, Sean. Frankly, that's exactly why the mainstream media is so petrified of him. It's why they go on and, you know, do the clips that you just showed right there. They're petrified of him. He won the largest margin ever in a primary in Iowa as you just said, the largest margin ever in New Hampshire. He received -- yesterday, he received the most votes in a primary ever in the history of New Hampshire.And by the way, he's beating Biden in every single national poll, many of them by 10, 11, 12, some 15 percent. The media is absolutely petrified.My guy -- my father is the greatest guy in the world. He wants strong borders. He wants a great economy. He wants a strong military. He doesn't want to see this country go into World War III. He's sick and tired of the games. He's sick and tired of the nonsense, and I think the enthusiasm, Sean, that we're seeing all over the place, these massive turnouts is the American people who want our country back.They're -- they're tired of the worst president in the history of this country, by far, hands down. It's not even close. They want a strong guy back in the White House and that's exactly what my father will do and that's exactly who my father is.HANNITY: You know, you look at, for example, the media, this is now two pri -- well, one caucus, one primary in, and here you got Joe Biden. He lies and says the border is secure and the border is closed. That's not true. It's never been true since he's been president. We can see it with our own eyes.He brags about Bidenomics, 60 percent of Americans now live paycheck to paycheck. He lies, you know, I never once spoke to my son, my brother or anybody about their foreign business deals and he's up to his eyeballs in it. And yet, here, we have a caucus and a primary. Your dad's giving a speech -- a victory speech and fake news CNN wants to fact check him in real time, MSDNC wants to do the same after they were excoriated for not even taking a single word of your father's speech. That's NBC News.Now, what is your reaction to that part of it? Because we took your dad's speech, it was in my hour, in this hour, and we ran the whole thing, so people can decide for themselves.What's your reaction to how they handle this?E. TRUMP: Well, Sean, does that shock anybody? I mean, they've been censoring my father since, you know, the minute he went down the escalator. Anything they put out, that he would censor, right? Any -- any -- all his press conferences, they would censor, they would distort his words. They kicked him off of Twitter. They kicked him off of Instagram.I mean, any chance that they could remove a public, you know, platform for my father to use, to communicate to the American people, they did. Does it surprise you that MSDNC is doing the same thing on, you know, New Hampshire primary night? Of course not. Does it surprise you that CNN's doing the exact same thing?Again, Sean, they're petrified of my father and his message. My father's the one person who does not need this job. I talk about that all the time. His life would be exponentially better if he was at Mar-a-Lago, if he's enjoying life, if he's enjoying his grandkids. The guy wants to save this country. Our whole family wants to save this country. Our republic is going down the tubes based on pure incompetence.And you just mentioned the border a second ago. I mean, if Biden was so focused on the border, why does he have federal agents going and cutting the barb wire to allow legal immigrants into this country? I mean, why would he be doing that, right? If he cared so much about our economy, why would he have allowed inflation to hit 10 percent? He could have brought down gas prices.My father had the lowest gas prices in the history of this nation. The first thing Biden did was he put a ban on the Keystone XL pipeline, he stopped all drilling. He effectively did a moratorium on oil and gas, and guess what? Inflation shot through the roof, and inflation was massively outpacing wage growth in this country which was cramming down the ordinary people in this country. He was making their lives exponentially harder.If he cared about the economy, why would he have done that? It's reckless. This guy's policies are reckless. It's driving our country into the ground. We're not perceived as strong anywhere in the world.I mean, literally, other countries around the world, we have properties of some of these countries. They're laughing at us. They're laughing at the United States of America. You have Zelenskyy last week that literally went to Switzerland to try and negotiate peace.Wasn't that always America's place in the world? You go to America to negotiate peace. You don't go to Switzerland. You don't go to France. You don't go to these other countries. You know, you come to America.But we don't have that standing in the world anymore. We're losing our currency. We're losing our culture. We're losing our freedoms. We're losing our constitution. We're losing god in society. We're losing it all because we have an incompetent human being in the White House, and we need strength again.HANNITY: Let me ask you. Last --E. TRUMP: And my father will do an unbelievable job. He will get this ship back on track in about two seconds flat.HANNITY: Let me ask you this, and I've talked to a lot of people today. And Nikki Haley is not even competing in Nevada. And I'm not really sure why. I -- apparently I guess she didn't file the right paperwork, something happened, I'm not sure.But then the next state that they will compete in is her home state of South Carolina. Currently, the Real Clear Politics average has your dad up by 30 points. Is it even really worth your dad's time to engage in that part of the primary, and maybe it's time to pivot and really go after Joe Biden?E. TRUMP: Well, listen, I think you can do both at the same time, and I thought it was funny I standing right behind my father last night and she mentioned competency. Yet she lost by what, 30 points in the first, she came in third in Iowa. She lost decisively last night in New Hampshire. She filed the wrong paperwork, so she's not going to be on the ballot next week. So my father's going to go running away with Nevada.And then he's going to go beat her in her home state of South Carolina by lot. And I don't think there's a single elected official in the state who's actually endorsed her, which tells you probably everything you need to know about the actual person.So I think my father can do both. I mean, he's clearly going to win Nevada. He's clearly going to win South Carolina, and I think he's going to win every single state on Super Tuesday.In fact, it's upsetting to me, Sean, because at this point, I truly believe that she's just in the race to be a spoiler. And when you see the majority of her donors are Democratic operatives or frankly RINOs. I mean, look at - - the same person who's one of her largest donors is the very guy who's funding many of the lawsuits against my father right now, so many of the things he has to stay in New York and fight every single day, Reid Hoffman. Does that surprise anybody? Does it surprise anybody that 70 percent of the people who voted for Nikki Haley yesterday were not Republicans? They were Democrats and some independents?I mean, Sean, at this point, I truly believe she's in -- she's been paid or something to be in the race as a pure spoiler. And the -- you know, the party should not put up with that. You know, we need to focus our guns on Joe Biden --HANNITY: Oh, she has to win -- she has win for her to be competitive and so far, that's not going to happen. And you know, if she can overcome a 30- point deficit in South Carolina, that would shock me. Your dad has the current governor, the sitting governor, two sitting senators, most of the congressional delegation, and I read somewhere, a total of about 150 statewide officials that are endorsing him.Eric Trump, great to have you back, sir. Thank you. We appreciate.(CROSSTALK)E. TRUMP: (INAUDIBLE) just don't like her.HANNITY: We appreciate you being with us. Thank you.If I heard -- I think I heard you right.Anyway, joining us now with reaction, FOX news contributor Joe Concha.Joe, great to e you back.Let me -- let me go off on this issue of how the media, they -- they feel compelled to fact check in real time whether it's fake Jake Tapper, who's not a journalist. He's a liberal talk show host, or the tin foil hat conspiracy theorist known as Rachel Maddow who peddled lies about Trump and Russia and Putin, you know, for years on NBC. And now, she's actually saying what he's offering that -- you know, explicitly is if you pick me, that'll be the end of politics.You won't have to deal with politics anymore. You won't have to deal with contests or divisions when it comes to power. I'll just do what I want. They just make it up and they make it up year in and year out, and nobody ever calls them out on it. They never get hit for the lies they tell even when they tell the same lies for years on end and it gets proven false. They never get held accountable. Why is that?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, we called them out and that's a good thing. But "The New York Times", Sean, has not endorsed a Republican presidential candidate as far as calling out since 1956, right. They haven't endorsed anybody. In other words, they said Walter Mondale, that's your guy in 1984."The Washington Post" has never ever endorsed a Republican presidential candidate, which meant they said, the caucus, here you go, or John Kerry, perfect candidate. In other words, they're going to be protected by other members of the media because they all are singing from the same sheet of music.And it is beyond craptastic, by the way, that these very members of the media who insist they are here to save democracy from Donald Trump, all while being the American version of Pravda in making sure that voters don't hear directly from Donald Trump, while filtering his speeches so they can control his narrative. So when Trump talks about the crisis that is a catastrophe at the U.S. southern border, where hundreds of terrorists have crossed into this country illegally, that's not my opinion, that's according to the FBI, it's according to Border Patrol.This is something they don't want their viewers to hear about because they know that this is an issue that Joe Biden is currently pulling at what, 18 percent, as far as his handling of the border and it is a number one or number two issue in this election behind the -- behind the economy. Go ahead, Sean.HANNITY: But Biden lies about the border. He said the border's closed. The border's secure. He lies about I never once spoke to my son, my brother or anybody for that matter. Bidenomics is phenomenal, what a great success, except the American people see and know otherwise.These lies are told with regularity but the media, they're so sanctimonious, so self-righteous, I guess they so believe in their cause that they're so perfectly right that they are going to take it upon themselves to only fact check one person while either ignoring or regurgitating the lies of the administration. Explain how that media works for you.CONCHA: Well, here's the good news, Sean, that the media used to be when we were growing up, all right, you had ABC, CBS, NBC and CNN. Now, you have FOX. Now, you have social media. Now you have a whole bunch of different podcasts that get infinitely more listeners than most other news outlet so to speak.So this is where we are at this point. There are so many options out there and so much information that people can grab that the influence of our media isn't remotely what it used to be. I'll leave it with this. 2016, Hillary Clinton got 57 of 59 major newspaper endorsements and what did that get her? A set of steak knives and a concession speech.In other words, the messenger isn't trusted anymore. Therefore, the influence isn't there remotely like it used to be, and that's good news for people who are looking for the truth, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Joe Concha, we're looking for the truth and we're going to fight hard for it. Appreciate it.All right. Coming up, well, we're going to see if you can decipher Joe Biden because his struggles are now becoming way too obvious for even the liberal media to ignore and unfortunately for Biden, his Vice President Harris isn't fairing much better. We're going to show you their recent low lights. You don't want to miss it.Put on your hat. See if you can decipher Joe's comments. This is a test, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Biden's endless struggles have become too obvious for even the liberal media now to ignore. And last night, over a fake news CNN's Van Jones had a worded of advice for Joe Biden. Pay close attention. He's a pretty well-respected voice in Democratic circles. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VAN JONES, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: If I were Biden, I would -- I would stay hidden. And I'll tell you why. He doesn't inspire confidence and he's not a great messenger for himself.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Hide and let everyone else do the talking for him. What a great plan, just like 2020. Joe's handlers might want to listen up especially after his latest string of gaffes, including this one from a speech yesterday. Again, we're going to give you multiple opportunities tonight to see if you can decipher what it is he's trying to actually say here.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We'll teach Donald Trump a valuable lesson. Don't mess with the women of America unless you want to get the benefit.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I don't get it, maybe you figured it out. We'll give you another chance later in the show to try and interpret that.Unfortunately, for this administration, Kamala Harris is not fairing much better. When our so-called border czar was asked about the crisis, she launched into another bizarre word salad. Look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATIE COURIC, HOST: Sixty-eight percent of Americans disapprove the way the Biden administration has handled the border. So how do you address that? Have you done enough?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Our -- there's no question, our immigration system is broken and it needs to be fixed. And as with any problem, then leaders will participate -- true leaders in the solution.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Maybe you should go visit the border, number one. Maybe number two, maybe you should have figured out and stopped lying to us early on when you said the borders closed, the border's secure because that's been a lie for three years. And while it's clear she has no solutions at all to address the wide open southern border, she is working hard to fix a serious problem plaguing our country.Her height as listed on Wikipedia -- well, that's a big problem. So instead of fixing the border, she's working on Wikipedia.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COURIC: I recently learned you're only 5'2". Is that true?HARRIS: That is absolutely incorrect.COURIC: Okay.HARRIS: I am 5'4" and a quarter.COURIC: OK, I'm 5'3".HARRIS: Sometimes 5'4" and a half, and with heels which I always wear them, 5'7" and a half. Thank you very much.COURIC: Okay. Wikipedia, you're wrong and we need to correct that.HARRIS: Totally wrong. I've said this to my team, like what -- I don't know where it came from. It's like literally you -- they just want to just make us smaller in every way.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And, by the way, you ask a little kid how old they are, oh, I'm -- I'm -- I'm six and three-quarters. That's what that conversation sounded like.Here with reaction, White House correspondent, our very own Peter Doocy.Sir, really? To get a prominent Democrat and you had people like David Axelrod, who's been so critical of Joe Biden, guys like James Carville even Maureen Dowd of "The New York Times", Van Jones' advice is probably very solid -- hide and let other people campaign for you. It seems like they're adopting that strategy based on his very light schedule over the last, you know, 30, 40 days or so. Is that -- is that a fair assessment?PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Well, it's tricky because there are certain things that the people who speak for Joe Biden like his press secretary or like the folks that they bring in for the agencies can't talk about. They can't talk about anything concerning the 2024 election because of the Hatch Act. It's against the law.And so as electoral issues and as questions about what Biden thinks of Donald Trump keep coming up and they will keep coming up over the next couple months, nobody can answer those questions right now except for the president. And we do see him less and less, and in the press corps, it gets pretty frustrating because in the beginning days, like the first two and a half years, he would host events in the White House all the time. And he was always leaving an ear open for a shouted question, even if it was just going to be a word or two.We would have a little bit of a window into his world. He's only had one event at the White House this whole year, so far. Two states have voted. It's the end of January, and so, yes.HANNITY: Well, Peter, let me -- you've had some great exchanges recently. One was about Joe Biden and his cognitive abilities with Karine Jean- Pierre. Let me play that and I want to play an exchange ahead with John Kirby. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Where have you been?DOOCY: Just preparing for this moment.(LAUGHTER)JEAN-PIERRE: I think I'm going to disappoint you really badly if you've been preparing all this time for this moment. It's not going to be that exciting. I'm pretty sure.DOOCY: Well, let's see. Karine, why do you think it is that more and more people hold -- feel like over time, President Biden is getting less and less mentally sharp.JEAN-PIERRE: Which poll is this?DOOCY: ABC has President Biden's rating for health since May down five points, and for mental sharpness, down four points.JEAN-PIERRE: You know, I have to say, that's a little confusing for me because if you look at what this president has done the last three years, historical pieces of legislation, right, when it comes to bipartisan infrastructure deal, many presidents before like your favorite president had said that --DOOCY: Who's my favorite president?JEAN-PIERRE: Why don't you want -- we let the American people guess. But has said, wait -- no, no, no, let me finish, let me finish, let me finish. You ask me a question, I'm going to -- no, no, no, no, let me -- let me finish. Let me finish, let me finish and you'll -- you'll guess who I'm talking about.DOOCY: Why are you guys making it easier for people to enter the country illegally?JOHN KIRBY, NSC SPOKESMAN: I don't believe we are. Why do you think we are?DOOCY: Well, you guys sued to cut razor wire, that was put in place by Texas officials.KIRBY: So that the Border Patrol could actually do their jobs, but keep going.DOOCY: Well, you won in court. So now what? The Border Patrol Union president is saying the Supreme Court's decision is going to undoubtedly encourage more illegal immigration. Do you guys know better than the Border Patrol Union?KIRBY: The Border Patrol needed access and that's why we sued to get rid of that razor wire, so that they could do their jobs. We want to help them do their jobs. We want to give them more resources, and the answer we kept get keep getting back from House Republicans is no, no, no.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: For three years, they've been telling us the border's secure and the border's closed. Everybody's been saying it, and on the issue of his cognitive ability, it is obvious and transparent to everybody. Van Jones saying he needs other people to campaign for him, and that he needs to basically shut down and hide, I think that pretty much addresses his cognitive strength there as well. Your reaction?DOOCY: Well, it's -- it's tough because one president at a time, right? We are there to ask questions about Joe Biden, the 46th president, and we hope to get answers from his team about Joe Biden. When we ask a question about Joe Biden, we're not looking for an answer about any other president.And as to Van Jones's point, I -- if that is what Democrats think, that's what Democrats think. But there are these big things, including questions about Trump that we want to hear Joe Biden answer, only he can answer.And so, Mr. President, I know you're usually watching at about 9:30 on FOX, just fill us in a little bit. We will be the ones shouting from the lawn.HANNITY: What makes you think he's up this late watching my show, because I think the odds of that are probably next to zero, and if I really had to bet, I'd say Joe Biden right now is dead asleep. That's where I put all my money out.DOOCY: He's got a lot of sleep (INAUDIBLE) -- so he can tell the team tomorrow morning what Hannity was saying, it's every day.HANNITY: Oh, yeah.DOOCY: That's what I think.HANNITY: He'll get a print out -- he'll get a print out of it when he wakes up from his deep sleep.Anyway, Peter, great to see you. Thank you.Up next, Biden's illegal immigrant crisis, it is crippling America's biggest cities and our very own Sara Carter heads to New York City with Curtis Sliwa. You're going to witness firsthand how bad it's gotten in that city and we'll check in with Senator Lindsey Graham, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: So Joe Biden's open border crisis is now devastating blue cities nationwide. Just take a look at your screen. Now, this is footage from Logan Airport in Boston where dozens of illegal immigrants are now living full-time. And in New York City, a former Catholic school -- well, turned illegal immigrant intake center, has reportedly now turned the neighborhood into one big giant open air bathroom.We sent cameras there yesterday. It wasn't pretty. And tonight, nearly all of New York City has been impacted and affected by the border crisis. So earlier today, we sent our around Sara Carter and former New York City mayoral candidate Curtis Sliwa to visit the major illegal immigrant housing sites. Guess what?Those locations were under heavier guard than the actual border. You can't make this up. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's never ending line. I mean, is it like this every single day?CURTIS SLIWA (R), FORMER NYC MAYORAL CANDIDATE: It is, and more and more illegals are coming in. So you have all these illegal aliens packed in the Roosevelt every day. It was just here, a fire truck came.The cops came here before I said, you're going to go in, right? No, we're not permitted to go in. What do you mean you're not permitted to go into the Roosevelt Hotel? Why don't I as a taxpayer have a right to go in there and see where my money is going?CARTER: This is Bennett Field. This is public land that, you know, is supposed to be used for families.SLIWA: This has been all put aside for the illegal aliens.CARTER: Cards on them to let them -- yeah, they just shut the -- they just shut the gate on you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excuse me.SLIWA: Yes?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You cannot stay right there.SLIWA: Why not?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You can -- you cannot stay right there. You can't stay right there. You cannot stay in front of the --SLIWA: What are you going to do? Arrest me?Too bad we don't have fences like this at the border. I never thought I'd live in a country where we letting strangers come into our borders and yet we the taxpayers don't have a right to see what's going on. It's really Orwellian.CARTER: They can come in, but we're not allowed in.SLIWA: Nope.(END VIDEO CLIP)O'DONNELL: Here with reaction, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham is with us.So you got 10 million or so unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants, we're paying for food, water, housing, education, health care, cities overwhelmed, even Democratic mayors and governors have had it. And yet they've been telling us the whole time that the border is secure and closed. It's not .SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Yeah.HANNITY: And look at the impact, I mean, what is the end game here? Why do they have no interest? Do they not -- did they not get alarm bells in their mind when you hear people from Iran and Syria and Egypt and Afghanistan and Russia and China there? Because that's where they're coming from.GRAHAM: Yeah. Well, fentanyl poisoning of our young people is the leading cause of death among Americans from 18 to 35. It's coming across the Mexican border, it's made in China, comes to Mexico, comes across the border. The drug cartels, human traffickers of been the biggest beneficiary of the Biden presidency.Why is President Trump leading in South Carolina by 30 points? The people of South Carolina believe that Donald Trump was the best Republican president since Ronald Reagan. People in South Carolina do not believe that Trump creates chaos. They believe that Donald Trump can clean up the chaos being created by Biden.That Donald Trump is our best hope to secure the border, to make us energy independent, to manage the economy and to put out all the fires in the world.Nikki Haley is a good person. Tim Scott is one of my best friends. I endorse Donald Trump on day one because I saw from a front row position a four years of the toughest guy I've ever seen in Washington who brought the world to a better place on national security than anybody since Reagan, who made a strong at home and strong overseas. Donald Trump's going to win South Carolina big, not because we don't like Nikki Haley, we do. We just believe Donald Trump is the best person to be president and without Donald Trump, there are no Trump policies.HANNITY: Can you explain this to me? We're going to have an open primary if Donald Trump wins the general election or not. He's won decisively in both New Hampshire and Iowa. That's not happened since 1976. She's not competing in Nevada.So, now, we have uh South Carolina next and she's down -- Real Clear Politics average down 30 points. Why would she risk losing in her home state by such a big margin when she could come back in three, four years and run a campaign in an open primary where I think any anybody's odds would be better, don't you think?GRAHAM: Well, Nikki Haley has been her friend for a very long time. She was a two-term governor and people like her, her numbers are good at home. Why is she losing to President Trump? It's no fault of her. It's the assets and attributes of President Trump.I can't express enough to the people watching your show that those of us in South Carolina who respect Nikki Haley believe that Donald Trump is the most capable person to be president that can beat Joe Biden, but not just beat Joe Biden, clean up a broken border, scare the hell out of the terrorist, help Israel who's under siege, make us energy independent again.Why do I say that? Because he did it before. Nobody running on the Republican side can say they've been president except him, Donald Trump, and when you compare his presidency to that of Joe Biden, he's going to beat Joe Biden like a drum. That's why he's going to win South Carolina. That's why he's going to be the next president of the United States. He's the best person to do the job and to clean up the mess created by Joe Biden.HANNITY: And by the way, the way that Tm Scott's been treated by liberals in the media, the way all many African-Americans are treated that are conservative in the media, it's repulsive.Anyway, good to have you back, Senator Graham, thank you. When we come back, details of what Hunter Biden's lawyers actually told lawmakers is now starting to come out. Some of these comments are pretty shocking.James Comer updates us straight ahead, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And tonight, new damning reports about one Hunter Biden's so- called sugar brother told Congress behind closed doors. Now, according to a transcript of his testimony reviewed by FOX, Kevin Morris said that the first Trump impeachment over Ukraine created an emergency for Hunter to file his back taxes.Now, Morris also allegedly confirmed that he still holds a stake in a Chinese back private equity firm which has been at the very center of much of the controversy around Hunter Biden's shady business dealings, and when pressed on the $5 million that he allegedly loaned to Hunter, the Hollywood attorney defended himself and saying that it was purely a product of friendship with Hunter and an attempt to help someone that he believe was the victim of political smears, really?Anyway, here with reaction, House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer is with us.Congressman, let me ask you about this. He did talk about in February 2020 that it was an emergency that he -- that Hunter filed the tax returns and, you know, saying that they're under considerable risk personally and politically to get the tax returns in, political risk amid an election cycle. Now, I don't -- maybe you know campaign finance law better than I do, is that an in-kind contribution to Joe Biden, to take away a potential political liability from his father, that being his son and his foreign business deals?REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): It sure looks like it. I think if it were any other campaign, there would be campaign watchdog groups coming out screaming to the top of their lungs.Look that is a campaign finance violation. Kevin Morris put that in the email. He said we have a political problem here if we don't pay these taxes now, and the political problem was we believe Joe -- the embarrassment to Joe Biden with his son getting carded off by the IRS for not paying taxes for many, many years.Again, this is to me an in-kind contribution to Joe Biden's campaign to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars at the time. Now, we're up to millions of dollars but hundreds of thousands of dollars at the time by a person that Hunter Biden just met a few weeks before at a political fundraiser for Joe Biden. That was the first time Kevin Morris ever met Hunter Biden, was that a political fundraiser for Joe Biden during the presidential campaign against Trump.And a few weeks later, he's sending emails. We've got a political problem here. We've got to pay this money.HANNITY: All right. So, Morris also told your committee that he provided Hunter, you know, didn't have to repay any of these loans until 2025, after the next presidential election, and also said that the loans can be forgiven and then confirm that he still holds a stake in this Chinese state-backed equity fund, what do you make of those two developments?COMER: Well, as someone that's been involved in banking, a forgivable loan is a grant. A grant is taxable. Look, Hunter Biden is like myself or any member of Congress or my children. He's a politically exposed person. One reason banks have that definition of a politically exposed person is to make sure that people like me or Hunter Biden aren't getting sweetheart deals. You can't be -- granted a special interest rate, you can't be granted loans with a lower than normal collateral.Here we have a guy that's got a loan I've never seen in my entire life, and I've seen a lot of loans, no interest, no payments until 2025 and what's called a balloon payment. We asked how confident he was that Hunter would pay it back because on paper, Hunter Biden doesn't have any assets or any income and he owes, you know, at least five to 6 million if he's going to have to pay interest on it. How is he going to make that payment? It's not humanly possible.So the fact that a lawyer is even loaning their client money, that's an ethics violation by the bar in California. I mean, it raises campaign finance violations. It raises ethics violations. It raises tax evasion consequences. I mean the list goes on and on and for the Democrats like Jamie Raskin to act like this is no big deal, I mean, I find it hard to believe if a Trump child got $5 million given to him by someone that just met Donald Trump at a political fundraiser a few weeks before and sent an email, we've got to give him this money or it's going to have political consequences. I believe Jamie Raskin would have a little bit more concern for that than he showed during that deposition.HANNITY: Congressman, I think you're getting closer and closer to the truth on all of this, and doesn't smell good on any level. Congressman Comer, thank you.When we come back, Hillary Clinton -- well, she made some comments about Barbie and the Oscar snub, and of course, related all of that to herself. The one and only Jimmy Failla, only his commentary is perfect for this, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Some on the left, they are outraged after Barbie the movie director Greta Gerwig and lead actress Margot Robbie were snubbed by the Academy Awards despite the movie's strong feminist messaging. Ryan Gosling, by the way, however, he was nominated for best supporting actor for his role as Ken. Sorry, I missed this one.Now, of course, Hillary Clinton couldn't pass up the opportunity to make this all about herself, posting on X, quote, while it can sting to win the box office but not take home the gold, your millions of fans love you.Here with reaction, the host of "FOX News Saturday Night", Jimmy Failla.What's up my friend? How are you?JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": My man, good to see you.HANNITY: Good to see you.Well, poor Hillary, I mean, of course, she's got to make it about her and did you notice Joe Biden became an election denier by saying the real governor of Virginia is Terri McCullough, in case she thought was Glenn Youngkin.FAILLA: Oh, no. So is Hillary saying that Putin hacked the Oscars nominations? Is that where we are now? This isn't good. Let's start with the obvious, Sean. Ryan Gosling apologized right away for getting nominated while they did it, and that doesn't surprise me because anyone who's ever played with Barbie's knows that Ken has no balls.But as it pertains to Hillary, stick with me here, okay? It is such peak Hillary. Go ahead.HANNITY: By the way, that might be, that might be a little TMI for me, you know?FAILLA: Well, Hannity, listen, we're handing off to Gutfeld in 3 minutes. It's going to get a lot worse. We're handing it off to Gutfeld in 3 minutes. He's going to go there.HANNITY: That's true.FAILLA: Stick with me, Sean. Okay?This is such peak Hillary Clinton because as you said, of course, she makes it about her but in the process she really shows you how out of touch she is with everyday Americans.And what I mean by that is Margot Robbie just made $50 million to pretend she was a plastic doll. Do you know how absurd is to people who've got to get up and go to work tomorrow that we should be upset on behalf of the plastic doll lady? The only one who deserves a trophy from Barbie are straight dads who had to sit through that movie for their daughters. She'll out $82 and get told men were the devil for five hours. Terrible.HANNITY: Oh, man. That -- on that, you must have seen the movie.All right. Now, we're going to play a little game. You have to now, Jimmy, translate Biden's gibberish for us. What is Joe saying here? Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We'll teach Donald Trump a valuable lesson. Don't mess with the women in America unless you want to get the benefit.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: I have it. I think what he was saying I think what he was saying to the American people is Gavin Newsom 2024, okay? There is no way that guy is staying on the ticket, Sean. We have a president that you couldn't play in Scrabble because he makes up words, okay? You can't do this for four more years, okay?HANNITY: (INAUDIBLE)FAILLA; Sean, when the United State -- when the United States president speaks at the United Nations, they're not supposed to translate it to English, but here we are.HANNITY: Here we are.Jimmy Failla, great interpretation. Now, I'm I feel enlightened tonight.All right. Unfortunately, have a great night. That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". For news anytime every time all the time, FOXnews.com, hannity.com.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld standing by. He'll put a smile on your face. That's next. Have a great night.