(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time. Thanks to Guy Benson, Kennedy, Tyler Fischer, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, there is yet one more Venezuelan illegal immigrant behind bars tonight. This one is accused of sexually assaulting a minor. We have breaking details on that in moments.But we also have disturbing new information on the horrifying case of Laken Riley, the 22-year-old nursing student, who police say was murdered by an illegal immigrant from Venezuela.Not only did police arrest him twice and let him go twice, they let him go fast enough that ICE could not get their hands on him.Danamarie McNicholl is live in Athens, Georgia, where outrage in the community continues to grow. Danamarie, good evening.DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace.We do have new information today confirmed by the coroner, Laken Riley was killed due to blunt force trauma to her head.Now, we are pressing UGA police for details. Like was there a weapon involved, and if so, what was used? Now students here on campus, they are mourning the loss of a student, while also asking for questions.Today, they gathered in the hundreds for a memorial and a vigil to celebrate the life of the young 22-year-old nursing students gone far too soon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- be can't catch up with your friends and strive to be the type of person that Laken was.MCNICHOLL (voice over): Students were given a break from class on Friday. But back on campus today, a student told us, their professors had made it a priority to talk about Laken Riley, while referencing grief resources on campus.Riley was murdered while running along the intramural fields here on UGA's campus. Although, UGA Police have not released a motive, they say the suspected killer Jose Antonio Ibarra, lived extremely close to campus. Only five minutes away from that crime scene.The Venezuelan migrant entered to the U.S. illegally through El Paso in 2022. ultimately ending up here in Athens.I spoke to a former FBI violent crimes agent, who says the killer acted brazen.NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Showing that they did it in the middle of the day also shows potential lack of criminal sophistication. Most people do not want to get caught doing something like this and the suspect did it, you know, in broad daylight.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCNICHOLL: The coroner did say a written autopsy report will not be released for another several weeks. And in the meantime, Laken Riley's funeral is scheduled for this Friday in our hometown of Woodstock, Georgia. Trace.GALLAGHER: Awful story. Danamarie, thank you.Now, to the new arrest of another Venezuelan illegal immigrant, this time, in Virginia, where police say he sexually assaulted a minor. Matt Finn is live with a closer look at this case. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. 26-year-old murder suspect Jose Antonio Ibarra is the illegal alien from Venezuela, the one charged with murdering that University of Georgia student. He first crossed into the U.S. illegally in El Paso, Texas in September 2022.He was released into the U.S. via parole, which is a temporary authorization to be in the United States. ICE's then in August of last year, New York police arrested Ibarra for acting in a manner that would injure a child less than 17.But New York City is a sanctuary city, so, Ibarra was released before ICE could issue a detainer to hold him.Fast forward a few months, and now Ibarra has been charged with the murder of the University of Georgia nursing student Laken Riley.After Ibarra's arrest, the Department of Justice charge Ibarra's brother, also an illegal alien from Venezuela with having a fake green card.Now, here in Southern California, we've been reporting on the mass releases happening in San Diego.California Republican Congressman Darrell Issa says these releases raise the threat of another illegal immigrant murdering an innocent American like the University of Georgia nursing student.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DARRELL ISSA (R-CA): That young woman would be alive today, if not for this president's policies, and there are many others who would be alive, many who wouldn't have been criminalized.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: Also today in Virginia, a 32-year-old Venezuelan man, illegally in the country was arrested for sexual assault against a minor. The Campbell County Sheriff's Office says Renzo Mendoza Montes is charged with two felonies and is being held without bond.Mendoza was also previously detained by ICE and released in El Paso in September of last year. Trace.GALLAGHER: Catch and release. Matt, thank you.FINN: Yes.GALLAGHER: Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" is trying to rationalize sanctuary policies across this country, trying to figure out why those who live here legally, the ones we call Americans are not given the same protections as those who come here illegally.26-year-old Jose Ibarra, here illegally was twice arrested and twice let go. Let go so fast that Immigrations and Customs Enforcement or ICE did not have time to detain him.Ibarra went from sanctuary of New York to the sanctuary of Athens, Georgia, where police say he murdered 22-year-old Laken Riley, who made the fatal mistake of going for a jog without sanctuary status."COMMON SENSE" thought we learned our lesson in 2015, when Kate Steinle, walking on a San Francisco pier with her dad was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant, who was also protected again and again by a sanctuary city in a sanctuary state.335,000 Venezuelans were encountered at the southern border in 2023, 834 were deported. Their president does not want them back. Our president wants them apparently so badly, he gave them protected status.How come when illegal immigrants commit crimes we forgive when they commit crimes again, we forget."COMMON SENSE" thinks the Steinle's and the Riley's will never forget the violent killers and their sanctuary status.Let's bring in the Sheriff of Pinal. County, Arizona Mark Lamb. Sheriff, it's great to have you on.I mean, you combine open borders with sanctuary states and cities. It's very dangerous.MARK LAMB, SHERIFF, PINAL COUNTY, ARIZONA: Absolutely, Trace.We shouldn't be surprised to see these types of results. And I -- my heart goes out to the Riley family. This is unacceptable. We failed as a government. This government, Joe Biden, this administration, Mayorkas, they failed by stopping -- not stopping this guy and sending it back to his country.GALLAGHER: Yes.LAMB: And then, he got in trouble in New York, he got in trouble in Georgia. Many opportunities to send this guy back. But he was still here.GALLAGHER: Yes. Here is the Georgia governor, Brian Kemp, talking about this case. And I'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. BRIAN KEMP (R-GA): I send a letter to the president, demanding more information on the illegal immigrants in our country. Where they are, and if they've broken any of our laws?Because of the president's failures, we don't know all that we should.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Sheriff, we don't know anything. That's the whole problem here. It's not like we're getting, you know, trickles event. We're not getting any information from the people who cross and go, especially the gotaways.LAMB: No. That we're not getting anything. As matter of fact, I talked to a border patrol guy a few months ago, and he said, Sheriff, we only have the staffing to that about five percent of the people that are coming in.Five percent, and those numbers have gotten significantly worse since then.Last year, we use the average about 40,000 people that are coming to this country that are stopped by Border Patrol that have criminal histories here in our country, or have active warrants for arrest from their time here in our country before they were sent back.GALLAGHER: Yes.LAMB: So, this is not something new, we're going to continue to see crime like this. This is part of the reason, Trace, I'm running for the Senate because I'm sick and tired of dealing with it as a sheriff. I'm going to take this fight to Washington, D.C. and start to take our country back.GALLAGHER: Speaking of the D.C. lawmakers, here are a couple of lawmakers talking about this very case.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARSHA BLACKBURN (R-TN): They let him go before a detainer gets to ICE. And what does he do? He ends up in Georgia and he kills a brilliant young woman.REP. BRIAN FITZPATRICK (R-PA): We lost Laken Riley in the past seven days. And in the past seven days, 200 families had to bury their kids because of fentanyl.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. It increases crime. We talk about fentanyl. But it increases crime because when you have 9 million people coming across, they are going to increase the crime rate.LAMB: Absolutely. We are seeing a rash of home burglaries here from Chilean gangs, from Venezuelan gangs, talk to sheriffs out in Michigan, they were seeing the same thing.And look, Trace, I'm a 287(g) JEM, which means that we work hand in hand with ice when somebody is arrested that's here in this country illegally. We notify ICE. ICE will then put a detainer on them.We used to have maybe eight of 10 of the people that were arrested here for crimes in our country, were being turned over to ICE. Do you know how many are being turned over to ice now? Zero.GALLAGHER: yes.LAMB: ICE is taking none of them.GALLAGHER: Yes. And lastly, I just want to know if you think this -- the death of Laken Riley, is going to be a dramatic turning point for this border conversation that we've been having and a lot of people have ignored for the better part of 3-1/2 years.LAMB: Not for this administration, Trace. But the American people are waking up. And I think we are going to see a difference in the polls this November.And they should -- they should send Mayorkas Biden and the crew pack in.GALLAGHER: Sheriff Mark Lamb. Great to have you on as always. Sheriff, thank you.LAMB: Thank you, Trace --GALLAGHER: And now for legal analysis, let's bring in former Pentagon chief of staff, Kash Patel. Kash, great to have be on the show as always.The Washington Post wrote the following here. I'm going to quote this."There is an obvious pattern of right-wing voices elevating those crimes, contributing to and reflecting the widespread belief among Republicans that immigrants are more likely to commit violent crimes."I mean, some of these immigrants have committed violent crimes. We know it. But when you say, some crimes, what do mean some crimes? A 22-year-old was murdered, Kash, and they are talking about some crimes?It sounds like, you know, it sounds like Ilhan Omar, saying some people did some things.KASH PATEL, FORMER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CHIEF OF STAFF UNDER TRUMP: Great. Trace, it's great to be with you, and you're absolutely right.Look, this is the complete weaponization of justice and politicization to advance a narrative rather than protect the American citizen. As a former national security prosecutor who put away criminals and terrorists in the courts of America, we didn't discriminate based on where you came from, or what your upbringing was.If you committed a crime, you are arrested and sentenced to prison after being given due process.These people are making excuses, because it's their policies of sanctuary cities and open borders that have led to the following. Trace, a 22-year- old was murdered brutally in Georgia. A child was raped in New York.GALLAGHER: Yes.PATEL: A child was raped in New York. Each and every one of our 50 states has been subjected to vicious violent felonies at the hands of illegal immigrants. We could have closed those felonies from happening, and these families could have been hauled.The legal analysis is simple. The Constitution is not being followed for a political mandate of the radical left.GALLAGHER: Yes. I want to put these numbers up, Kash.This is Pew Research, saying, do you believe the migrant surge leads to an increased crime in the U.S.? Look at there, 85 percent of Republicans say yes, 31 percent of Democrats. Are they getting different information? Because obviously, as we just talked about with the sheriff, obviously, it increases crime, Kash.PATEL: Look, the numbers don't lie.10 million illegal immigrants. You have scores and scores in each day committing violent felonies. And I just want to highlight one thing about the individual that murdered a college student. He was actually, my sources are telling me, arrested in El Paso for a -- for assaulting federal officials.I want to know why the FBI let that individual go and DOJ failed to prosecute him down in the state of Texas.GALLAGHER: Yes.PATEL: These are instances of misconduct by our government, because they are told by DOJ and FBI, not only are we not prosecuting arresting anyone, then, we're going to reward them by letting them go wherever they want.The numbers are hard as money transactions. They show a spike in crime rates by illegal immigrants year over year during the Biden administration. That's not a lie.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. I got to go, Kash. I just want to get your take on President Biden finally going to the border, three plus years later. And, you know, the former president will be there at the same time.PATEL: Yes, I think if it were a pay per view match, you know, everybody's going to be watching Donald Trump, because his border policy seal the border, safeguarded Americans and Joe Biden's have done the exact opposite. And it's going to play out right down there in Eagle Pass and El Paso.GALLAGHER: Yes.PATEL: And I can't wait to see it. America wants President Trump's border security back.GALLAGHER: Yes. Kash Patel, good to have you on as always. Thank you, sir.Meantime, the illegal immigration crisis now appears to be the number one issue heading into this year's presidential election. And after three years of delaying and saying there were more important things to do, as we just talked with Kash about. President Biden finally heading to the southern border. The former President Trump is also heading there.Jackie Ibanez is live with that story tonight. Jackie, good evening.JACKIE IBANEZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi, good evening, Trace. Well, both President Biden and former President Donald Trump like you said they're headed to the great state of Texas Thursday, for dueling visits to the southern border.Biden is headed to Brownsville, Texas, where he will meet with U.S. Border Patrol agents, law enforcement and local leaders there.It's only a second visit to the border since the start of his presidency.Former President Donald Trump will be a little over 300 miles away in Eagle Pass, Texas.Biden said he just learned about his Republican opponent's trip.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I was planning to go, Thursday. What I didn't know is a good friend, apparently is going.(END VIDEO CLIP)IBANEZ: A Trump campaign spokesperson claimed Trump's trip was planned first, writing on X. "Crooked Joe Biden has," made three years to -- he's "had three years to visit the border and fix the crisis he created. Now, Biden's handlers are sending him there on the same day as President Trump's publicly reported trip, not because they actually want to solve the problem, but because they know Biden is losing terribly."Polls show, if President Biden doesn't turn things around quickly, the issue of illegal immigration could prove to be a major political liability for him come November.According to recent Monmouth University poll, 84 percent of Americans see illegal immigration as a very serious or somewhat serious issue for the United States right now.While just 26 percent of Americans approve of Biden's handling of the issue.And Trace, you can expect Biden to point the finger at Republicans on Thursday for the continuing migrant crisis after sinking an effort to pass a bipartisan border security agreement in Congress. Back to you.GALLAGHER: I would expect no less, no less at all. Jackie, thank you.Let's bring in Erin Perrine of Axiom Strategies; attorney and RNC surrogate Mehek Cooke, along with Republican candidate for California's 49th congressional district, VetComm founder Kate Monroe. Thank you all for coming on.I want to play this I want to go back in time. But, you know, three plus years, Erin Perrine. This is what we've been told by the president for a while about going to the border. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you thinking of going to the border?BIDEN: At some point, I will --ANDERSON COOPER, ANCHOR, CNN: Do you have plans to visit the southern border?BIDEN: I've been there before and I haven't -- I mean, I know it well. I guess I should go down.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Why go to a border state and not visit the border?BIDEN: Because there are more important things going on.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you have any plans to visit the border?BIDEN: Not in the near term. No. No, it just be disruptive.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So, six months ago, may have bigger things to bigger fish to fry, Erin. And now, that he looks at the polls, he's like, this is probably fish number one.ERIN PERRINE, AXIOM STRATEGIES: Right, this is a day late and a dollar short for Joe Biden to try and put on what's going to be a political stunt by his own measure.They have said that the White House as of this point, they don't plan to put forward any executive actions, initiatives or legislative rollout on this trip. So, it's purely for photos, and not to address the actual crisis that Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and Democrats have really levied on the country with an open border policy.Now, there is a dead student in Georgia at the hands of an illegal immigrant. And the polling is showing that Joe Biden is vastly underwater with only a quarter of Americans saying, he's handling this appropriately.GALLAGHER: Yes.PERRINE: Going for show to the southern border continues to solve nothing by the president of the United States. There needs to be actual action to secure the border. Why not enforce the laws on the books that exist right now and ask for what further measures need to be done, instead of political stance?GALLAGHER: Right.PERRINE: But Joe Biden doesn't care to actually address the issue at a hand.GALLAGHER: What gets me, Mehek in this whole thing is, you know, they're going to -- they're going to -- look, they are not going to be -- its hundreds of miles of border, they are not going to be side by side.But you have the former president down there. you have the president who has made his first trip at the very same time. He is the one that took down all the Trump policies, right? He took down Remain in Mexico. He is going to have to fib his way out of this, come this week when they get down there.MEHEK COOKE, GOP STRATEGIST: Well, you can't lie about your record, at this point. Trace. I expect Biden to show up at the border to make excuses, to say that he needs more funding. When the truth is he's going to stumble over the fact that Texas was able to put a little bit of barbed wire up at some agents and add security.You know what Biden did? He cut down that wire, he cut down our safety, he cut down our security. So, if he's going to stand there for a photo op, we're not falling for it. We need to reinstate President Trump's Remain in Mexico policies, and just enforce the law. Better get Biden just needs to get out of his basement, go to the Oval Office and start signing executive orders. Let's get this show on the road. We don't need him at the border.GALLAGHER: Yes.COOKE: We need him to do his job.GALLAGHER: Well, you teed up Kate Monroe to a tee there, Mehek. Because talking about razor wire down on the fence, let's put some of this video up. She was down there, she is running for office. She -- putting razor wire down there in Texas. Right? It's kind of phenomenal.But if we're going to put this up there, talk about this and talk about what's happening with this border meet up.KATE MONROE (R), CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE, CALIFORNIA: Well, I first went out about a week and -- a week ago to secure that one tiny hole.GALLAGHER: Right.MONROE: But then I saw that other veterans were going out just filming it. And I said, hey, guys, why don't you go with me and we'll secure this other massive hole that you see here.Because at the end of the day, migrants are taking over for veterans, they are taking all of their money, all of their spots in VA hospitals, our country is not safe. And I want you to understand America very clearly. You can get razor wire on Amazon.You do not have to sit idly by, and go quietly into the night. Get up and do something like we did. I just wanted to show you that's possible.GALLAGHER: You know, Erin, it's interesting, because this new Monmouth poll out just hours ago, by the way, this was taken before Laken Riley's death, we should point that out.But this is the first time February 2024 that the majority of Americans favor building a border wall.This is significant, Erin.PERRINE: It is significant. Republicans, for years have been calling out and Donald Trump led the charge for calling for a border wall.But when he did it, it was inappropriate. It was racist. The left-wing media tried to run with it, and lambasted for it.But now that Democrats have perpetrated a massive crime against this country by not enforcing the law, and allowing this border crisis, the American people are saying we need actual physical security, plus Intelligence.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: yes.PERRINE: Plus, border agents, plus the ability to enforce the law, Democrats have said no. But now, the politics have turned against them, and the American people say, it's enough.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.PERRINE: We need every resource possible. So, Democrats need to step up right now, and they want to try and meet this moment.GALLAGHER: One more poll, Monmouth immigration, "How serious a problem do you think the issue of illegal immigration is? Mehek, you see there. I mean you put those numbers together. it's 84 percent. That is a big number.COOKE: Well, the American people are now wide awake. A cop in New York was beaten on -- in Times Square, a nursing student, an innocent nursing student is dead.GALLAGHER: Yes.COOKE: Criminals are being released by politicians that are supposed to be enforcing the law. Democrats are providing criminals with free food, housing, while our own inner-city poor are out in the cold.GALLAGHER: Yes.COOKE: Or refusing to secure the border, refusing to enforce our laws. I mean, this is Biden's America last policies. Trace, this is going to be his last term.GALLAGHER: Yes.COOKE: Mark my words.GALLAGHER: Kate Monroe, wrap us up.MONROE: Go and look up bordervets.us. We are going out on Thursday. When they are going to go look at the border, we are going to be at the border, securing the border. There is going to be about 100 people with us.If you want to join us, bordervets.us, let's go flat, and get it done.GALLAGHER: Kate Monroe, Mehek Cooke, Erin Perrine. Thank you all.Coming up, Black Lives Matter co-founder says Taylor Swift -- the fans of Taylor Swift are racist. And the Superbowl was all about white supremacy.Plus, the city of San Francisco trying something new to combat shoplifting. You might need to be patient.And later in the "NIGHTCAP". Well, somebody look at that thing. Somebody stole this 200-foot radio tower in Alabama, right from under everyone's noses. And authorities still don't know how they did it? Who did it? And we want to know how would you or how would somebody steal a 200-foot tower without a trace, so to speak?Let us know on X and Instagram, @tracegallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP" Meantime, 8:21 on the west coast to Fox News at night trip across America. Live look now. Sacramento California. That's the arena, right? That's the Kings Arena.Moving on to Birmingham, Alabama, not the place they stole the tower. Nicknamed, The Magic City because their soil contains all three elements that produce iron, roll tide, lot of grace.Finally, a live look, Florence, South Carolina where Donald Trump beaten Nikki Haley in this weekend's primary. You can't join us live, don't forget set your DVR, we are coming right back(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SYLVESTER STALLONE, AMERICAN ACTOR AND FILMMAKER: After long, hard consideration, your mother and I have decided it's time to move on and leave the state of California permanently, and we're going to go to Florida. We're going to sell this house.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What? What?STALLONE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is this a joke?STALLONE: It's not a joke at all.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: No joke, first up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP". Sylvester Stallone, says he is leaving California for good. The Rocky icon gave the news to his three daughters on their reality show, "The family Stallone".And they didn't seem all that happy about it at first. Stallone is the latest celebrity, of course, to announce a departure from the Golden State following a long list of other actors including, Mark Wahlberg, Dean Cain, many others for political and economic reasons.So, it might be no coincidence that California's Governor Gavin Newsom may be on the chopping block again, facing another recall effort led by conservative activist as the state plunges deeper into debt.The group, Rescue California also argues that Newsom is too preoccupied with national politics and his own ambitions.He beat a prior recall we should note back in 2021. Black Lives Matter co- founder and professor at Cal State University Melina Abdullah made a stunning blanket accusation against fans of Taylor Swift saying on X, that she feels like it's, "slightly racist" to admire the pop star, and "kind of like that feeling I get when there are too many American flags."Fox News Digital reached out to Abdullah for comment, but has not received a response just yet. Taylor hasn't commented either.By the way, the Washington Post, Taylor Lorenz made a revealing admission to the woman behind a popular X account that she has not seen some of the most sexually graphic material aimed at children, which she was defending in an interview with libs of TikTok creator Chaya Raichick.Let's bring in former 2024 Republican presidential candidate Larry Elder and PragerU Kids outreach director Jill Simonian. Welcome to you both.So, Jill, you first, Taylor Lorenz, the journalist for The Washington Post interviews Chaya Raichick. She has docked -- doxed Raichick.JILL SIMONIAN, DIRECTOR, OUTREACH FOR PRAGERU KIDS: Right.GALLAGHER: She has targeted her many times.And then she says this. Right? "At one point in the interview, Lorenz says she doesn't know about the content Raichick has posted on her feed, and argued that any sexual education, a sex educator deems necessary is good." Of course."In response, Raichick pulled up images of gay oral sex from the controversial book, "Gender Queer" to show Lorenz who was left speechless for a moment, before defending the comment."She has no idea what's on this site.SIMONIAN: No.GALLAGHER: None. And she's still going after her, and then they tell her, and she's like, what?SIMONIAN: But they can't, she can't backpedal, because then it would be like, oh, logic and reason wins. And this was a story that we were talking about a lot today at PragerU Kids, because we are, and I'll just say it, obsessed with sharing the truth, and obsessed with protecting the innocence of children.And books like genderqueer of course when people see the graphic content, you cannot deny that it is age inappropriate for a middle schooler or a high schooler or any minor child to read on a school campus on you know taxpayer-funded campuses. So, we also want to -- I personally want to ask, Morgan, Morgan --GALLAGHER: Taylor Lorenz.SIMONIAN: Taylor, sorry, Taylor, pardon me. I want to ask Taylor, it's not only genderqueer, look at the spectrum of books that are available there and it's not only about homosexual sex that we're you know worried about, it's heterosexual, trauma, incest. There's a book by Ellen Hopkins called "The Identical," that is in virtually every high school in America and it's sexually traumatizing for a minor to read and it's unacceptable.GALLAGHER: Larry, the Daily Mail writes the following, quoting here: "The co-founder of Black Lives Matter Los Angeles chapter has slammed Taylor Swift fans as racist and referred to Kansas City Super Bowl victory as a right-wing white supremacist conspiracy." She was asked why she thinks everything is racist and her response was, well virtually everything is racist.LARRY ELDER, AUTHOR: Slight correction, she said that the fans were slightly racist.GALLAGHER: Slightly racist, OK.ELDER: Slightly. Not full-blown, drop-dead racist, just slightly racist.GALLAGHER: That's a low, that's, that eases my mind.ELDER: And Trace, behold the power of right-wing white supremacists. They have the ability to manipulate the outcome of a Super Bowl, but they can't manipulate the outcome of an election to get Donald Trump elected in 2020.GALLAGHER: Right.ELDER: Now, if you're a typical white supremacist, you want the Kansas City Chiefs to win? A city that's got a black mayor? A team that's got a black quarterback, married to a white woman, kind of thing you would have thought that the average white supremacist wouldn't have liked.GALLAGHER: Yes.ELDER: They need to go back to racism school.GALLAGHER: Yes, they're just, they're terrible racists.ELDER: Terrible racists, come on!GALLAGHER: That's exactly what it is.ELDER: Come on. Racist game.GALLAGHER: A San Francisco hardware store, Jill, that requires escorts to shop with you if you're an employee. Here's one of the employees at the store. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We weren't really given a choice. I mean, it just, we have to keep our employees safe and the customers safe. But when they're coming in to do snatch and grabs, that was the final straw.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: We didn't bring you on to talk about crime, but it kind of goes into our next subject, which is the recall of Gavin Newsom. It really shows that California is kind of on this downward trajectory and you see ridiculous things we have to go through like this.SIMONIAN: Yes, and it's sad, and I can't help but notice as a mom, OK this is taking place in San Francisco, and I also am aware that San Francisco happens to be the place in California where this practice of restorative practices in schools started, where there is virtually no discipline for behavioral issues, for disruptions caused in classrooms. This started in the schools, this rampant crime wave. I'm going to go so far as to say I can't help but notice the correlation.GALLAGHER: Rescue California launching another attempt to recall Gavin Newsom. You know a little bit about the last one, Larry.ELDER: Well, in my latest book, Trace, I outline all the reasons why this man ought to go. It's called "As Goes California." I'm urging everybody to go out and get a copy. The crime, the homelessness now are the top issues that are causing people to rethink their affection for Gavin Newsom. Will this recall work? It's hard. 1.6 million signatures have to be gathered.We're outnumbered three to one, meaning Republicans and non-Republicans in California. There hasn't been a Republican who's won statewide in almost 20 years. They had a guy that ran in 2021 who I thought galvanized the base. I got three and a half million votes, but I still lost, assuming the election was valid, by about 20 points or so.GALLAGHER: Good guy. Great taste in ties. This gentleman you're talking about. Larry, Jill, thank you both.SIMONIAN: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Coming up, more backlash for Google's AI chatbot. Alarming answers about things like pedophilia and the infamous Soviet Union leader, Joseph Stalin. And still ahead, a fiery scene in a Michigan neighborhood and two best friends reunited after months apart. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next. But first, New York Statue of Liberty. Did you know Lady Liberty is thought to have been struck by lightning 600 times a year since it was built back in 1886? We're coming back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While Google facing new scrutiny over its AI powered chatbot, Gemini. Users now pointing out the woke bot would not confirm that pedophilia is wrong or that Adolf Hitler was worse for society than Elon Musk. Here's the Fox Business Correspondent Kelly O'Grady. Kelly.KELLY O'GRADY, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Trace, we are seeing a slew of concerning answers from the Gemini chatbot. And this comes just days after Google was forced to shut down its image generator product for historical inaccuracies. Now, the most shocking one is that Gemini couldn't condemn pedophilia as wrong. Seems pretty easy, right? The chatbot reportedly shared it was a nuanced answer and people can't control who they're attracted to.Now, following those public gas, Google admitted the answer on pedophilia was "appalling" and shared this: "Gemini is built as a creativity and productivity tool and it may not always be reliable especially when it comes to generating images or text about current events, evolving news or hot-button topics, it will make mistakes." Now, the chatbot also had some unfavorable things to say about the leader of one of its AI competitors, Elon Musk.Gemini reportedly said it was "hard to say" whether Musk's memes or Hitler had a more negative impact on society. Musk has been extremely critical of Gemini recently, even accusing their search product of feeding into the woke mind virus. The most surprising thing here is how similar the pitfalls are amongst all these AI chatbots. You've got ChatGPT, Meta AI, Gemini, all sharing ethically questionable responses and at time historical inaccuracies.It's ironic given Google waited to release this product with the aim of avoiding these kinds of harmful and biased answers. Now, going forward, Google just announced a $60 million partnership with Reddit for Gemini to train on human-created content. And Trace, this is raising questions about who is influencing these models and whether biases are being built directly into the code. Back to you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Good questions. Kelly, thank you. Let's bring in psychiatrist, Dr. Yalda Safai; and a former Major Label Music Executive, StratAmerica's Managing Director, Seth Shachner. Thank you both for coming on.I mean, I was kind of amazed by this. This is Seth. This is a Deep Fake. This is not real, but this is Seth and he approved all this. I want you to watch this because I watch it and I'm like, what, what am I looking at here? Look at this deep fake and then we'll get Seth's response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Disinformation is really nothing to worry about. Truth is just a boring social construct anyway. Fake is more viral because it's more fun. So, we should just sit back, relax, and enjoy the show.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: He didn't say any of that stuff, right? It's all a deep fake. But I was looking at it like, what is going on here? And this is something you approved and you said to make a point.SETH SCHACHNER, MANAGING DIRECTOR, STRATAMERICA: Yes, thanks for clarifying that I didn't say that, basically. But um, yes, and even my techiest most and you know, most tech inclined friends seem to not get this one. But this is just um, you know, they, they tape me in Switzerland. These are MIT lab folks just talking about anything random and then they produce this and you know, a lot of people don't get it and I think it slips by people's thresholds and screens, and it's pretty scary stuff basically. It should be labeled probably that this was done by AI.GALLAGHER: It really is, and this is where you bring in the psychiatrist of the whole thing, Dr. Yalda Safai, because it really is one of those things where from Seth Schachner to Taylor Swift, we've seen some really, really good deep fakes that have drawn lawsuits and so forth, and that can really mess with people's minds, right? The future has got to be psychiatry, mental health has got to be dealing with this.DR. YALDA SAFAI, PSYCHIATRIST: Exactly. Well, Seth, you had me fooled here. And Trace, this is pretty dangerous if you really think about it. Yes, the thing is we're already such a vulnerable society because we're constantly exposed to misinformation on the web, on social media. Now, we're going to turn into a society that can't even have trust in what we're seeing with their own eyes. And a society that can't trust anything, basically, is a dangerous society. This is scary to me. This is a scary technology.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is because this is the Federal Communications Commissioner Brendan Carr. He said this about AI bias. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRENDAN CARR, FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSIONER: That the political ideology that permeates Silicon Valley is finding its way into algorithms and for years we were told there is no conservative bias, there is no political ideology, it's all just neutral algorithms. And I think people are seeing for themselves that that is very far from the case.GALLAGHER: Yes, you talked about the dangers of this stuff. I mean, if you're going to have this kind of stuff, this technology, which is this advanced, you've got to be able to trust it. That's the whole thing. And people have to be able to trust this thing.SHACHNER: Yes, and it is really sliding by a lot of people. And some of the new ones, I mean, to be fair, there's a new open AI technology that's out that I think called, Sora, that hasn't hit the public yet that is really seriously potentially a disruption to things like Hollywood, and film, and TV That the quality is just tremendous what you're seeing on it basically.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's interesting, Dr. Safai, because you know we talked about Kelly O'Grady doing hers, and she's saying that they were doing this Gemini thing, the Google Gemini. And pedophilia was said not to be wrong. It seems to be kind of a glitch. If you're, if you're in the mental health world, you think, well, this has got to be trustworthy all across the board, right? I mean, is that a fair assessment?SAFAI: Exactly. It seems like this piece of software, a computer basically has opinions, which shouldn't be the case. A piece of technology should not be left or right leaning. It should not be giving moral lectures. It should not have opinions. It should just spew out facts. You've got to think about the people and the decisions that are being made around this technology is going to shape how the future, how our future generation is going to perceive the reality.GALLAGHER: Yes, and very quickly, Seth, I mean, just where are we going with this? This thing is going to start producing movies. It's going to be in the next five years. I mean, this is really in its infancy. It's going to be bold or bad?SHACHNER: It is a little unhinged right now, but I think it's going to seep into a lot of industries. To be clear, it's not all bad. There's a lot of cost savings and efficiencies, and things that can improve the user experience. You know, I came from music, and it's actually doing a ton of quiet, good stuff that's not controversial at all. So, I think there are industries that will benefit from it, but this stuff's got to get figured out.GALLAGHER: Yes, Seth Shachner, Dr. Yalda Safai, great to see you both. Thank you.First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEO", shocking footage of a Michigan home up in flames after two portable propane tanks exploded. The only person inside, a 76-year-old man, was evacuated before the building collapsed. Firefighters did contain the fire, which means stopped it from spreading to nearby homes. Nobody seriously hurt.Seven people rescued from a seaplane that had a rough landing off the coast of Miami. The aircraft took off on water and had to get towed to shore, which is not what you want when you're a seaplane.And a very happy reunion when specialist, Jack Vogel, returned from his 10- month deployment into the waiting paws of his dog, Denver. The pup can barely contain, as you can see, his excitement. Good, Denver. Good dog, Denver.If you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.And up next, how in the world do you think a 200-foot radio tower went missing in Alabama seemingly without a trace? There's still time to weigh in X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. Give us your theories how would you steal a 200-foot tower? Somebody did it and we don't know how.First, Rachel Campos-Duffy is live from the Arizona border where migrants in makeshift camps tell her they prefer by the for president, you know the guy who opened the gates. If you cannot watch "FOX AND FRIENDS" just like FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, turn the DVR on, catch it a little later.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Matt Finn, Jackie Ibanez, Kate Monroe, Dr. Yalda Safai, Jill Simonian, Mehek Cooke, and Seth Shachner. Tonight's topic, without a trace. 200-foot radio tower in Jasper, Alabama has been stolen, literally taken away, and nobody knows who took it or how they took it. The tower belonged to a radio station, vanished without any witnesses. The question tonight, how in the world do you think this was stolen? Kate Monroe, to you first. How do you think it was stolen?MONROE: Because no one's paying attention to literally anything that's going on in our country, but maybe it was magic. I don't know.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's a fair point, Seth.SHACHNER: I bet someone chopped it up. If there's copper wire in there, they're pulling that wire out of it there.GALLAGHER: But still, you would think, come on, it's next to the radio station. You're going to chop that thing up, Matt Finn. You're going to make some noise.FINN: Yes, the possibilities are endless. My two cents would say it happened at night, and it happened with a vehicle that was large enough to haul it away?GALLAGHER: It's kind of amazing. It really is just a monument because it's one of those things where you think you walk out and it's gone, and you're kind of looking around and you think, what, what?SIMONIAN: I got nothing except is this the part where we say aliens came and got it? I don't know.GALLAGHER: Yes, well, you're not alone in that when the viewers come. Mehek Cooke.COOKE: Look, I think this was a crane with a bunch of college students at night. It's a small town, so nobody was really paying attention.GALLAGHER: You think it's like just a (INAUDIBLE) thing. It's maybe tradition they do this. Jackie Ibanez, what do you think?IBANEZ: I put my investigator hat on and I'm wondering if it's an inside job.GALLAGHER: Really? For what purpose, Jackie?IBANEZ: I don't know. I have no idea. I don't know why anyone would take that. Maybe for the copper wire, but like I have better things to do. That seems hard.GALLAGHER: Maybe the morning DJ who was fired is looking a little retribution there, a little retaliation. Dr. Yalda Safai.SAFAI: I'm going to go with the alien theory on this one. It's either the aliens or the teenage boys. No in between.GALLAGHER: Yes, that really, that's one of the same. There you go. So, do you believe it was possible to steal a radio tower without being seen? X and Instagram both tied 38 percent say yes. How do you think it was stolen?Gary Foster, "You'd be surprised at what a group and a few Ford F-150s can accomplish."Linda, "Falls under high strangeness, so UFOs are the likely culprits."David Terrell, "A gin pole, cordless socket set, WD-40, they come down quicker than going up."Suzanne, "Helicopter at night."Did I get everybody? Matt Finn, did you jump into this? Everybody got in.James W., "Cut down, sliced into smaller pieces, taken to a recycling center for cash."And Aidan says, "Better ask David Copperfield."If I was guessing, I'm going with the helicopter theory. It's a grab and go, and off you own the copper that goes with the tower. Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP". Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We'll see you right back here same time tomorrow night.