SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Thank you. Quick, programming note. By the way tomorrow night we will be live at 11 PM Eastern right after the State of the Union address. We got a great lineup. You can see right there. Speaker of the House, Johnson, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and much, much more. Set your DVR. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg's next to put a smile on your face. See you --(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Yeah. I know. I know. I know. You missed us. You miss us, didn't you? I get it. Happy Wednesday, everyone. So Joe Biden had a big win on Super Tuesday. He woke up. I mean, consider the alternative. But the President did lose American Samoa and when he found out, he said it's a shame, I really liked their cookies.Meanwhile, Donald Trump went 14 and one losing only Vermont. Vermont has a population of over 645,000 people or as Trump calls them, total losers. Nikki Haley has suspended her presidential campaign after a series of Super Tuesday losses. She got 46 delegates compared to Trump 731 and she still called it a success. Proving once again women can't do math. Oh, oh shut up.According to a report, the Biden Administration has secretly flown 320,000 illegal aliens to 43 airports. Joe claims to have a lot in common with these people since they don't speak English either. Charles Barkley said he would punch black people in the face for wearing Trump mugshot t-shirts. Luckily his victims won't have to worry about him having any rings.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Nice.ERIN PERRINE, AXIOM STRATEGIES: Oh, yeah?GUTFELD: Yeah, woke officials at the Department of Veterans Affairs moved to ban from agency buildings that iconic photo of a World War Two Times Square kiss. You see that. Saying it was no longer appropriate for today's military. So they're replacing it with this. After emerging from a coma last summer, Madonna claims she spoke with God who said, oh, my me. Come on, Kat. That was funny.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I like Madonna.GUTFELD: I know. But oh, my me, is funny to me. Anyway, Governor DeSantis announced Florida will be cracking down on this year's spring break festivities. Now underage coeds looking to get drunk and have sex will have to go back to college. It's true. Hillary Clinton is telling voters to accept the reality that Biden is old and reelect him anyway. And Bill told Hillary to accept the reality that he's going to spring break. Instagram was down for nearly four hours yesterday, leaving many no other choice but to ask people directly if they like how their butt looks. It's all it's good for.Facebook also suffered a widespread outage with almost half a million users reporting they couldn't access their accounts. It's the first time anything has gone down on them. Thank you.TYRUS: You are in rare form tonight.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Wow.GUTFELD: It's the antibiotics. Kyrsten Sinema will not seek reelection to the United States Senate. She will however, hire a new wardrobe consultant.TYRUS: Whatever happened to him?GUTFELD: I don't know. RIP. An Oregon woman earned a Guinness World Record for her unusually large tongue, which measured over five inches around. In her acceptance speech she said, (inaudible). All right, let's do the monologue. So with Trump cruising to victory in the primaries and Biden slow implosion we should once again get used to seeing the media's curiously timed stories that will bash the don.This week's comes from Rolling Stone. If you don't remember that magazine, it sucks. The recent piece claims that the Trump White House was rife with drug use. The headline reads, "Trump's White House was 'Awash in Speed' and Xanax." essentially saying that Trump's White House is no different than the Rolling Stone offices. But here's what's weird. What led the rag to look into this was a report released in January by the Defense Department detailing how the White House medical unit managed drugs during the Trump Administration.How nice of the Defense Department to rat them out. Talk about proof of a deep state. That info came from the Defense Department before an election. It's almost as if the timing and release was meant to undermine one candidate. Seems like a big deal, right. This is the (BEEP) Defense Department, people. There's nothing else for you to focus on? They left billions of dollars in military equipment and Afghanistan and you're worried about some Ambien used by some flak in the West Wing. Lloyd Austin didn't show up for a week.And they're concerned that a White House staffer copped a Xanax four years ago. Don't you have better things to do, like employing an activist to oversee nuclear energy waste disposal. This guy with stickier fingers than Jeffrey Toobin. I know. The piece --TYRUS: Wow.GUTFELD: The piece concludes that White House docs didn't comply with federal guidance by dispensing non-emergency controlled meds such as Ambien and Provigil without verifying the patient's identity. Now, for those who don't know, Provigil gets you out of the Ambien haze after a long flight, which is normal for anyone in a position that requires traveling like reporters and politicians, and the drug mules who supply Dana Perino with their growth hormone.And what did Rolling Stone do to fill in the missing details? Call the unnamed source department. So I wonder would those be the same unnamed sources who gave us Russian collusion. Who told us the laptop from hell was fake? Or the ones telling us that behind closed doors, Joe Biden is sharp as ever? I'm starting to think the unnamed source is one person who's just a master of disguise. But I guess it's a lot easier to lie when nobody knows who you are. But what if it's true anyway? You know, what it shows? It shows that even when it comes to drugs, the Trumpers beat the Biden's hands down.When you think of the current White House you think of Hunter and coke and whatever they pump into Joe to keep him up right. Now as anyone who's been around a user knows cocaine is a drug that makes you babble incoherently makes you think you're smarter than you are more, important than you are just overall better than you are. Which is why on the street, it's known as Jesse.TYRUS: No stone unturned tonight, Gutfeld.GUTFELD: Yes. But while the Biden's specializes in a drug based on escaping your failures, apparently the drug, White House -- the Trump White House was taking drugs to allow them to work harder. At the Biden White House, people did drugs to cope with a lifeless boss. At the Trump White House, they did drugs to keep up with a maniac. The article claims, Trumpers took stimulants because they needed an energy boost after a late night or just to pick me up to handle another day at a uniquely stressful job. I get it. It's why I spike our office water cooler with Ritalin.But it also claimed some Trumpers took Xanax to soothe themselves while enduring the sky high levels of stress and the highest pressure environment in America. So they were using it as intended. Wow, there's a story. What a scandal. What's next? An expos and the use of lice combs on John Bolton's mustache? The regular applications and flea powder on amorosa?TYRUS: Wow.GUTFELD: I know. And yet these two writers think this is an election year scoop, writing that with Trump pushing to return to power of full accounting of the misuse of powerful stimulants and sedatives isn't just a matter of historical interest. It's a preview of a very possible future. So now Rolling Stone after decades of glorifying casual drug use is worried about the misuse of stimulants. Do they not remember who ran Rolling Stone? Jann Wenner. Hell a 2017 bio details how coke was everywhere at the office. If Wenner went quote, "heard in office door slam, his Pavlovian response was to go find out who was doing cocaine without him."TYRUS: Damn.GUTFELD: What happened to you Rolling Stone? You should change your name to kidney stone, you ossified (BEEP). But forget Rolling Stone's past. What about the media's present? Do the two dimwits who wrote this dreck realize that they just described the drugs that fuel their entire profession? Xanax and Adderall are so entrenched in the Information Industry, they drug test you to make sure you're on them. So what if some of Trump's staff got prescriptions? You need a stimulant too if you're around Mike Pence all day. Oh.Fact is the only thing higher than Hunter during Biden White House, has been the price of eggs. Oh, and Trump's current poll numbers which is the reason why these stories are popping up. Joe is in deep trouble. So expect every possible shot to be launched at Big Orange. Law affair, fake allegations, more sex, more drugs, more urine. It's already making me nostalgic for Larry Kudlow's hot tub. As Trump racks up, primary winds are going to get more and more desperate. And that's coming from me, people, not some unnamed source.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's. He's mind may be built for journalism, but his hair is built for hosting a game show. Fox News contributor, Charlie Hurt. She sounds sharp, hemophiliacs filed a restraining order. Campaign communications expert, Erin Perrine. She's like GM. She's from Detroit with parts for many different factories. New York Times bestselling author and Fox new contributor, Kat Timpf. And when he goes to lift weights, he used tectonic plates. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. Charlie, what's with the Defense Department? Is this normal?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, well, with Trump, Yeah, it's all normal. I mean, it's sort of a little surprise when you consider I mean, the FBI, the CIA, the entire intelligence community, the -- the -- the State Department, the foreign intelligence services, They've all been conspiring all along. And I think you're exactly right, that the reason all of this is happening right now, is because they realized, they woke up, a lot about last week or so. And they're like, oh, (BEEP).GUTFELD: Yeah.HURT: This guy is got a path to win, and he's going to win. And I think if you look at the, you know, you know, the issues that are going to be fought about for the next eight months, he is going to win.GUTFELD: Yeah, you know, it's funny, Erin, to see Rolling Stone come out against drug use.PERRINE: It is. They don't talk about the cocaine found in the White House; they cross over that. But in that story, they also say that a staffer for the first lady went into the White House medical unit once and asked for Xanax and was told, no. So you know, this rampant drug use is still somehow regulated. Also, that on these international trips, were which are incredibly grueling, when you have to show up and immediately face foreign dignitaries at foreign press corps, that the White House doctor would walk through the plane and be like, who needs what, and they would track it.So all of this seems on the up and up. But again, this is just a hip piece, because now Donald Trump is the presumptive nominee. And what do you know, drug use is rampant. But let's go ahead and ignore the fact that it was done legally, appropriately and, oh, there's Hunter Biden on the other side.GUTFELD: Exactly. Kat, I don't know about you. But if I worked for Trump, I would be on drugs. He the -- I mean, I've talked to him on the phone. It's like it's exhausting just talking to him. You have to be on your A game all the time.TIMPF: I mean, I just I -- my favorite quote from this article was whatever someone needs, we're going to fill this. One source of the direct knowledge of the matter recalls. I'm like, sounds like a pharmacy. It sounds like actually a good pharmacy.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I wish there was more of that vibe of my local Walgreens actually.GUTFELD: I know.TIMPF: They're always out of stuff. And there's all these shortages of various drugs. Write about that. Write about problems that people are facing, rather than, people were taking Xanax on Capitol Hill four years ago. I bet they still are.GUTFELD: Yeah. Yes.TIMPF: It's legal prescription drugs. The only thing that freaked me out in this article was they were saying there were rumors that you shouldn't tell the counselors things because if my therapist was ever saying things that I said in sessions, you guys would never see me again.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: You think I'm joking, but I'm dead ass on that.GUTFELD: That's true.TIMPF: But they said that that may have been overblown and there was really not so much evidence of that. There was apparently a lot of evidence that people were taking legally prescribed stimulants and legally prescribed Xanax. The horror.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I actually don't understand how this was put, like, maybe they thought there'd be something more to it. And they just went ahead with it anyway. But there's, you know, welcome to the world. People are on Xanax here.GUTFELD: Yes. Literally.PERRINE: You're trying to drive journalistic standards to the Rolling Stone. I think that's like, you're trying to say, oh, look, why did this even get published? There are no journalistic standards of the Rolling Stone.GUTFELD: They would -- they probably did want something on Trump and there wasn't anything there.TYRUS: What they're -- They're so -- listen, the DOJ and all the organizations, they literally lost the black man on Black History Month. So the most wokest, most observant group, he was in the hospital, nobody knew. They literally lost a brother on Black History Month. The one time you're supposed to pay attention to him. You are supposed to be in the least acknowledge him.HURT: It was in February.TYRUS: And no one saw him.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: So I feel at that point there should be a representative from the woke to be like we was just messing around, guys. We really did. So that, so topping off, what they're going to do is what they've been doing. All the bad stuff that they usually accused President Trump and his administration of doing; they're doing.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: So they're setting us up, that there was a lot more than one bag of cocaine. But there's going to be more stuff that comes out as people realize they're losing their job. So what they're going to do is like, yeah, they were getting cocaine, but at least they weren't getting legal drugs prescribed from a doctor, in front of people in the public eye. That is (BEEP) disgusting. He had a private relationship with his drug dealer, and how dare any of us look into that and question that. So we're going to start getting more and more of the stuff because we're not getting a debate. I keep saying it. I was on the little five today.Everyone keeps asking, Tyrus, has answered this question a million times. There's no debate. If we could have a conversation with the other side. We might be in a better position, but there's no conversation, hence there is no debate. So they're going to take little things like normal things and turn it into the same and equated as the same as, well, Melania was no different than Hunter. She was doing drugs in the White House too except hers was prescribed by a physician that's actually allowed to prescribe. So that's what we're going to see. They're just mirroring it up. See, see, vote for us, vote for us. But there'll be no actual debate.GUTFELD: All right, we got to move on. Up next, Joe's got a blank stare because his brains full of air.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mm. Our leerless feeder.TYRUS: You got to have one --GUTFELD: He's retweeting a muppet and about to kick the bucket. True, Joe flaps his gums about cookie crumbs. Another day another shining example and President Biden's laser focus mental agility, the White House keeps telling us about. Yesterday he launched a task force aimed at lowering costs for American families. Hold on to your balance of nature, folks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have a lot of questions.JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I better not take your questions or I'll get in trouble.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's your message for Super Tuesday voters?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you so much, guys. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- Super Tuesday message for voters?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you so much. Thank you, all.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow. If Joe were a Walmart greeter, he'd say hello once the customers were leaving the store. Karine Jean-Pierre says she has no trouble keeping up with this man. So maybe it's her who needs a cognitive test or two. I heard reporters are asked to refrain from holding up lights so Joe won't walk toward them. Of course Joe once again attempted to tackle shrinkflation and you won't even notice what they're doing when they charge you just as much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Don't even notice what they've done and when they charge you just as much for the same size bag of potato chips only has a hell of a lot fewer chips in it. I'll tell you what, I tell you who did notice, the Cookie Monster. He pointed out cookies -- are his cookies are getting smaller and paying the same price. I was stunned when I found out that's what actually happened.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You know you're in trouble when your party is enlisting a puppet to support a puppet. But both are cut from the same cloth. Like the Cookie Monster, Joe's also manipulated by someone off camera. What's Joe got to say?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM SHILLUE ACTING LIKE BIDEN: I believe Cookie Monster, he's a good guy, man. He came to this country legally too. I asked him why do you want to come to America? He said, I love cookies. I said good enough for me. But he's voting for me, Cookie Monster. All of them are. Him and all of his friends. They better. I mean, think about it. They're all minorities, right? Cookie Monster is blue, Oscar's green, Snuffleupagus, he's Brown. I told him you better vote for me. Are you white colored?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Erin, is this going to be -- Erin, is this going to be a trend? Are we going to see Biden talk about gay pride with Bert and Ernie. Is he going to do vegan rights with Ms. Peggy. I mean, she could do the whole gamut.PERRINE: Oh, gosh, I don't -- I hope not. That really caught me off guard. There seems to be this trend now in the Muppets. Right, that you saw the Elmo last week. If it is everybody was OK. And apparently the answer is collectively, no. Which makes complete sense because it's not about shrinkflation. It's about the fact that Joe Biden has killed the United States economy single handedly. You want to know why you're getting less bang for your buck, because the American consumer is not standing up and saying, I'm not going to buy that anymore, because I'm not getting what I want.You want to make a change. DC is not going to do it. Haven't we learned that? DC is not going to and it's certainly not DC's role to step in and start dictating how many cookies the Cookie Monster gets in a bag of Oreos. That's not their place. They got to make sure they secure our freedoms and make sure this country is sovereign, which they're not doing under Joe Biden. He has single handedly decimated this economy. And he's trying to distract by talking to a muppet who he probably does actually believe as a voter at this point. I know. The fact that he was like I was shocked when I heard this. That's -- give me a break.GUTFELD: Do you think he's got the Sesame Street vote all wrapped up? Does he realize it's a children's show and kids can't vote?TIMPF: So like I don't -- I don't really take the bus anymore. But -- but when I used to take the bus sometimes there'd be like an old person at the same stop kind of just like babbling like that, you know, like the cookies in there more and more cookies before and you're just like OK, yeah, yeah. You're just thinking in your head whose grandpa is this?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Like whose grandpa? This grandpa shouldn't be sitting here waiting for the bus. Somebody come get your grandpa.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I feel the exact same way watching the President of the United States.GUTFELD: It's painful.TIMPF: That cookie monster joke, I mean, it didn't really hit the way he wanted it to. It was a complete bomb. I mean, like I'm going back on tour in a couple of weeks. If I had a joke like that, I would remove that one from my setlist.GUTFELD: And yet he keeps repeating it. The whole shrinkflation. It's his brain, Tyrus, it's shrinking.TYRUS: I -- highly offended.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: I'm upset. I'm going to go off here in a little bit. OK. You're the president of the United States, right. You're the top guy. You're the -- you're the chief of America. You're America's grandfather. If you're going to talk about the American treasure that is the Cookie Monster, you have (BEEP) him next to you.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: You're the president United States. And you're talking about the Cookie Monster? And he's not there. We're being bold, assuming this is the actual Cookie Monster he's talking about. There could be a Puerto Rican Cookie Monster. Cookie Monster could be his son's nickname for fun.GUTFELD: Cookie Monster.TYRUS: Yeah, exactly. So we're just assuming we're just putting, we're just politicizing Cookie Monster. Maybe he wasn't there for a reason. Because he knows it. He's got to sell and make money and get cookies on both sides of the aisle. So how dare you put Cookie Monster in this political (BEEP)? Leave him out of it. OK. The reason why the bags are small, and there's no food in it is because you (BEEP) that's why. We all know. Everybody knows.No one's going in their bag of chips going, hey, I wonder why these chips - - don't worry. I know why the economy sucks because grandpa (BEEP). Hey, I don't need Cookie Monster for that. Elmo don't got to ask me how I'm doing. Big Bird, Snuffleupagus, they in the back. Do you drugs. We don't need you. We all know what the problem is.GUTFELD: Charlie, it doesn't look good. I mean --HURT: For America or for Joe Biden?GUTFELD: Looking, just watching it's like, how can he do this? It can't go -- this isn't going to go to November.HURT: No, I know. I'm with you. I don't see how it does. But you know, in politics, it's very simple. You know, horror films always beat children's cartoons. And you've got Joe Biden here talking about shrinkflation with a blue Cookie Monster. And then you're going to have Donald Trump talking about an invasion at the border of people that Joe Biden intentionally let into the country and they're raping children and murdering students in America. And you're going to have these going side by side and no one is going to be going to the children's cartoon.Everybody is going to the horror flick. It's the same thing with global warming. Why -- why did Democrats always win on the issue of global warming? Because a catastrophe film, it's always sells out. Nobody wants to go with it. No, everything's OK film. And that's what he's trying to do here. Oh, it's just for shrinkflation. It's not a big deal. When Trump is going to be talking about the issues that people actually care about. And it's going to be devastated for --devastating for -- for Biden in his little blue monster.GUTFELD: Yeah, I guess --TYRUS: I can't --GUTFELD: We shall see. We got to move on, Tyrus --TYRUS: But it's the wrong guy. You want to run stats, you bring in the count, not Cookie Monster. You know what I'm saying. It's ridiculous. How many cookies we short? One cookie. You know what I'm asking. Sorry.GUTFELD: All right. Up next, it's a swing and a miss on banning a famous kiss.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE) GUTFELD: Five words -- iconic kiss photo banned un-banned. Tyrus, this story is hilarious. Last week, a V.A. official put out a memo banning the iconic kiss V.J. Day kiss from all department facilities because it depicts a, quote, "nonconsensual act" and is inconsistent with the V.A.'s no tolerance policy against sexual harassment and assault. But after backlash, her boss, he saw it on Twitter, by the way, or X, he saw it on X, and he reversed the decision and un-banned the photo. Thoughts?TYRUS: They just need to leave to leave Cookie Monster alone.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: It all spirals down from here. This again? At some point we have to say no. The man was the adult in the room and said no. We have no -- he just came back from war. He survived, and World War II wasn't a videogame. It was horrible things these young men and women went through. And he came through, and the first thing he saw was a nurse who was happy to see him, because if you come home from war with a smile on your face which means you won. So when everyone sees you, they say yay, especially back then, and probably hugged you or kissed you and welcome you back.I don't think as soon as that was over, she looked at him and was like, you know, let's go to H.R.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I went in for a hug. This just went in -- he just risked his life so we could sit here in these little chairs and talk -- about cookie monster. I don't see her punching or scratching. This is a time, this isn't like today where we would take videos and pictures. If she was in trouble, that whole fleet of real American men around there would've, hey, bro.So again, this is what adults do when they are happy and they like each other, and it's OK to kiss people. It's fine. It's fine.GUTFELD: Kat, were you offended by that photo?TIMPF: I'm just really relieved that the V.A. doesn't have any other problems they could be solving.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: No more homelessness or addiction or mental health issues. It's really just how dare you focus your -- find me one veteran, one veteran who can say their biggest problem was seeing this photo who was sitting in an V.A. office and say I'm here to complain about the photo in the lobby. Find me one and I will go -- myself, because I highly doubt it.TYRUS: I'll stand in that line with you. He's such a gentleman, Greg, he is even making sure he doesn't mess with her hair. His hand is in a fist. I don't even do that. This dude still remembered common courtesy. He's not all up in her hair, pulling her hair back. Look at his fist.TIMPF: I think it's offensive to pretend as if veterans don't sacrifice more and go through more and don't have bigger problem than looking at this picture.GUTFELD: Exactly. And the thing is, Charles, this happened because of End Wokeness on X talking about it. The lady's boss, the lady who made this decision to ban it, her boss found out about it on Twitter, Denis McDonough, is that his name?HURT: And I guess the larger problem here is the idea that we live in a culture in a time where this would even be an idea that somebody would have. It's so incredibly stupid. But I also think that anytime somebody wants to ban something they should try it first. And the lady that banned it, has she ever walked through Times Square and locked lips with a sailor during Fleet Week, and I'm thinking probably, but if she has, and it was a bad experience then maybe she would be the first person that would complain, maybe.GUTFELD: It's an interesting experiment, an interesting experiment.TIMPF: That's the point you decided to go with.HURT: Yes. I think it's a really good one, because I'm thinking that she's never been in that situation.GUTFELD: Erin, maybe what was offensive about this picture is it depicts two genders.PERRINE: It certainly didn't hit the woke meter at the V.A., so they put out a memo to take it down. It's the most dumb, idiotic thing I've ever seen. This is a victory photo. When people see this, they feel good about our country. This is a sailor coming home from war. And, in fact, those two people would go on parades together in the future. Her granddaughter came out and said these people were fast friends. This was not an issue. This was not a harassment thing, which is what apparently the V.A. is writing memos about right now. But I will say, good on McDonough for turning around and saying that's enough of that nonsense. Let's get back to our job. And restoring a photo, to Kat's point, find one veteran who is like that's it, I'm out of here. I'm not going to the V.A. anymore.TYRUS: Maybe the guy who is standing in line waiting his turn behind, because there's a little line former, he might have been mad, because it looks like they're going to be there a minute.It feels like the adults are coming back home.PERRINE: There's one.GUTFELD: Yes, there's one, and maybe they'll be more.Coming up, protesters confront AOC then watch her flee.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Video of the Day -- AOC gets ambushed. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You refuse to call it a genocide.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ, (D-NY): I need you to understand this is not OK.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not OK that there is a genocide happening and you're not actively against it.OCASIO-CORTEZ: You're lying.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you have any comment.OCASIO-CORTEZ: You're going to cut it, and you're going to cut this, and you're going to clip this so that it's completely out of context. I already said that it was, and you all are just going to pretend that it wasn't over and over again. It's -- up man. You are not helping these people, and you're not helping them.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Kat, let's get to the most important part of the video -- what was going on with her fiance?TIMPF: Yes, you're right. He was like, I'm getting out of here.GUTFELD: I'm not getting involved. I'm just going to hang out here. I'm wearing a beard.TIMPF: That was, honestly, that was my first thought, like AOC, you deserve better than that. I would be so mad if I was the man, because it's horrible to think -- obviously if this happened to me, I highly doubt she would say the same. But people doing this thing where they're like say the thing, say the thing I want you to say, and if you don't say the thing then you are the thing that I say you are. Shut up. It's not helping anybody ever, and it's really because they want to feel important more than anything. No problems are getting solved this way, she is right about that. But man, I hope she at least yelled to him.GUTFELD: Yes, when they get home, he's going to be sleeping on the futon, not the couch, the futon.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Erin, it's satisfying to see somebody on the receiving end on the kind of behavior that they unleash on others. Basically the teacher just met a prized pupil.PERRINE: AOC is not known for her quiet, calm demeanor. I haven't seen her accost people in public, but I've certainly seen her lose her cool on Capitol Hill. And we have seen Democrats time and again stand there and say, you see a Republican, you get in their face. You accost them, you yell at them. You do this. It's not OK on either side. You shouldn't be chasing people around, screaming at them in public, I don't know, unless they are a Patriots fan and you are a Buffalo Bills fan. But that's just because I have long, deep-seated anger at Patriots fans.But this isn't OK. You shouldn't be yelling at her. And the fact is that she did lose her cool. In those instances, the best thing you do, keep your mouth shut and keep walking, because the reason this is a clips, the reason this is viral is because she turned around and started screaming back at them like a wild person. You're never going to win that argument.GUTFELD: She claims, Charles, that she was almost murdered.(LAUGHTER)HURT: For the second time.GUTFELD: For the second time.HURT: I love that she says that you're going to take it out of context. The video is like 15 minutes long. It's not out of context. The whole thing is there. But it reminds of, what's the saying, if you lie down with dogs you wake up with fleas. And we really need to update that and come up with something, because these people give dogs, obviously, we all sleep with our dogs, so they give fleas a bad name. AOC, this is what you created, man. Enjoy it, have fun.PERRINE: Flea sympathy, didn't see that coming.GUTFELD: Tyrus, can we go back to the fiance?TYRUS: Yes, I'm happy to. I know that look.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I have lived at that look. Listen, her fiance strikes me as he's a solutions guy, right. So they probably were trying to have a meal or a dinner that she's forcing him to.GUTFELD: A movie he didn't want to see.TYRUS: Yes. And when the people came up to him he probably said something cool, like let's just do our thing, don't engage, follow me, and she was like, yes. And then they said something, but a camera got turned on. So she had to show out in front of the camera.What we are finding now is that they, we always say they eat their own, and the unaffected become affected. Then there's the un-unaffected, who all he wanted to do is have a meal of food, but he chose to date someone who likes the camera more than her job or even time with him, because the video should have been, I've with my family, and you know my stance on this. Have a good day, no comment, and keep going. But there was a chance, and it just didn't go her way, because they are turning now, because they made a deal.Here's the thing -- they like to dance with the extremes. And we see on the right, too. When it's good for you, and the extremes were great because they'd show up and they're defending you online and they follow everywhere. But understand there is no segue. She wants to go back to the rest of her life. No, no, you are in line with Hamas. They are not going to stop. So when you have a normal day and talk about something else, then they are going to eat you. So she's getting eaten by her own, now.Pretty soon the Squad will turn on her, too, they will all turn on each other because they claim to support something they really don't, because this shouldn't have been -- she has now got buyer's remorse.HURT: They really do and they don't want to admit it.TYRUS: You took a side on something for the recognition not knowing there was this beautiful world of consequences.GUTFELD: But it's also what happened when two forces who believe that there's no discussion are now at each other, because remember, these things aren't up for discussion. And then they are looking in the mirror, and they're screwed.TYRUS: It's a fake debate.GUTFELD: It's a fake debate, absolutely. All right, I'm glad we solved that.What are we going to do? OH, yes, up next, a group that's in the mood to bowl in the nude.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Should We Be Concerned?(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Tonight on "Should We Be Concerned?" nude bowling is a thing. Charlie, next month, the Pennsylvania nudist group known as the Pittsburgh Area Naturists will be hosting an event called Balls Out Naked Bowling.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Is that funny to you? Apparently, you're not concerned. OK. It's open to anyone who buys a $25 ticket. Nudity is required. Should we be concerned?HURT: You can't have a nude beach where it's not required because then you get a bunch of creepers. But I remember going to a bar in Nashville that was a topless karaoke bar, and I think they think they had mechanical bull.GUTFELD: Really? Ouch, black eyes.HURT: Yes, but it was quite memorable.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's all I have for nude bowling.GUTFELD: Thank you. Apparently, you're not that concerned.Erin, we were talking at the break how deeply concerned, how deeply concerned are you, they do say women can wear bottoms to be more inclusive. I don't know how that makes it more inclusive.TIMPF: They said to be more inclusive of women on their cycle, OK, which makes sense.TYRUS: Bike riding?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: No, it makes sense. I'll explain this way. Otherwise you might have a lot women running around with their little mouse tails hanging out.PERRINE: Oh, my God.TYRUS: Yes, thank you.GUTFELD: So you see how concerned I am?TYRUS: Thank you.GUTFELD: I'm very concerned.TIMPF: But you know what, they said cycle. It's like you are comfortable enough with the human body that you're hosting a naked bowling event, but you can't just call it a period. That's what concerns me.GUTFELD: You're very concerned by this?TIMPF: Yes. It's a tampon, I'm on my cycle. Nobody talks like that right.GUTFELD: You just did.TIMPF: Be cool.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Erin, are you concerned? You haven't answered the question, should we be concerned?TYRUS: You're having a rough show. She has hit that eject button three times on the chair.PERRINE: I'm concerned that this is a topic or that people are even doing this. This is the most disgusting thing I've heard of. I don't like bowling. I have no reason to go to a bowling alley. I cannot think of a worse date or way to spend time. But heck, you could double down and tell me there's a bunch of naked random people in there, and that will make I never go bowling again. Oh, my God.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I think they have a new secret hiding place for those --PERRINE: Oh, my gosh.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Be careful where you stick your thumb, if you know what I mean.Tyrus, are you concerned? I'm concerned. No sex is allowed, by the way.TYRUS: My only protest would be if I couldn't bowl with you. I'd be willing to do it, if I could throw you, see how many times I could throw you and how many pins I could hit with you.Listen, again, there are some things that just shouldn't happen, and this is one of them. Even with clothes on, if you watch a bowling tournament, which at that point you know she's not coming back, right, or calling. Even that, there is no flattering stance. No matter how you swing it, whether your leg goes in or your leg goes out, everybody behind you feels like an antelope watching a giraffe drink water. And giraffe's kind of spread -- everyone behind the giraffe is like I would rather die of starvation then deal with it. Nobody wants to see all that.Then you have to understand what the average bowler looks like, just from the professional ranks. From the professional ranks, if you took the top ten studs of bowling -- I couldn't get that out -- if you took them and got them naked, not even Cookie Monster can hold his cookies down seeing that. Nobody wants to see that. This is lonely guys. The reason why they are trying is they are willing to tell the woman they could wear their pants. You could tell them they could be fully dressed them and pay them $25 to be there, they're still not coming, fellas. It's going to be a bunch -- listen. Just order cheese pizza, because it's a sausage fest, and there's nothing --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I have to take exception. Earl Anthony was quite a handsome devil back in the day.All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Charles Hurt, Erin Perrine, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)