NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: There's always a great risk even when your lawyer says something after the fact that in case like this and you know anything could trigger still more damages. Whether she or anyone else in the Trump legal team expands on what we just witnessed today. History in the making, and so it goes.Here's THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City. This is THE FIVE.Dramatic showdown over security at the southern border reaching a breaking point. Right now, Texas is telling the Biden administration to come and take it. Today is the deadline the White House gave to Governor Greg Abbott on allowing federal agents access to Shelby Park in Eagle Pass so they can remove the razor wire there.So far, Texas is refusing to let the Feds in, and has a coalition of 25 red state governors on its side.The whole thing could now be headed back to court and Texas is confident it will win. But the White House says Abbott is breaking the law by playing games.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We will not shy away from calling out what we see as political games from the governor. Because it is not safe. It does not protect our communities. And that's not who he cares about, he cares about the people of Texas.What we're seeing from Governor Abbott, you've heard me say this over and over again. They're making harder -- they're making it harder. He's making it harder for Border Patrol to do their jobs.They need access and right now, they don't have that. And it's under the Constitution of the United States federal law is the supreme law of the land.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And despite major media coverage of the governors who are supporting Texas in his fight against the Biden administration, the White House claims they know nothing about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Does the president have any response to at least 25 Republican governors signing a joint statement?JEAN-PIERRE: How many governors in that letter?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I believe it's 25. 25 governors.JEAN-PIERRE: I would say to them that -- these are Republican governors?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick making a visit to the disputed park in Eagle Pass. He says razor wire has been very effective at repelling migrants.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LT. GOV. DAN PATRICK (R-TX): The Supreme Court ruling didn't say we had to take this down. It just said they could cut it. So, they can cut it all they want. We're going to replace it.This is working. And in this park, there were thousands and thousands of people crossing every day, thousands.I just checked, no one's crossed today. We got it covered.Mr. President, Mr. President, you say you want to secure the border. Texas has secured it, leave it alone.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And just breaking, Border Patrol releasing brand new December border numbers. There were over 300,000 migrant encounters in December, that is the highest month ever recorded. So we're going to talk about all of this.Jesse, I imagine there's not many federal government employees who want to go and cut this razor wire.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, Biden's Border Patrol agent said they're not going to do it. So, everyone is aligned against Joe Biden, except the cartels.The Biden administration blinked, they set a deadline today. They said we're going to cut it down, you better let us in. And Texas said no, you're not. And it looks like Texas won the Mexican standoff.Texas should continue to do this. Texas should lay down as much wire as they can. And just dare the Biden administration to come cut it down. They should seize as many of these little migration choke points along the border as possible, and just do the job that the administration refuses to do.You know who is really excited about today's developments? The Democrat mayors, because finally the borders being secured, and they don't have to deal with the aftermath of all of this.The Biden administration has to answer for this question. Why are you collaborating with the drug cartels, ask binder? Say binder, why are you facilitating human, drug and sex trafficking into this country? Why are you doing that?And if she says we're not doing that, and you just say, yes, you are here, here and here. She's not going to be able to answer that question. And they're doing it Dana, in the middle of a crime wave, in the middle of when people's wages are getting eaten up by inflation. In the middle of the homeless crisis they're doing it and that's just crazy.The border deal they're trying to blame on Trump as garbage. They linked this thing to the Ukraine aid. So all of a sudden, Chuck's cutting this half measure with a bunch of moderate Republicans, and what is the House Republican caucus supposed to do? Just bow down and say, oh, yeah, we'll take this even though it doesn't build a wall or change asylum or do anything that we need to do to secure the border. Why should they go for that? They shouldn't.PERINO: They should not. I can understand that point of view. Judge, OK, so this could go back to the courts. But at this point, it does seem like Texas has the administration really in a bind, because who wants to go and watch the federal government cutting down the razor wire, because you know, there'd be cameras there?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: There's going to be cameras there. And they also want to open up Shelby Park, which as I understand it is right off of the river there where the illegals congregate, and the NGOs come and they get the kids, it's like -- it's like a holding center, where everyone gets picked up and then sent around the country.Why do they need that park emptied out? Look, Joe Biden is -- has done what a foreign saboteur would do if he were to destroy the borders in this country. The question, the whole thing begs the question, are we a country anymore? Do we have a border anymore?The answer is, if the federal government is not protecting the border, the states under Article 10 have the ability to do that, as long as they're not prevented from doing it by the federal government.And so, under Article 10, Texas wins. And if Joe Biden wants to continue to open this border, as Jesse said, working with the cartels, I've heard reports that the cartels actually have drones flying over on our side of the border, so they can check where Border Patrol lives so they can send more people in.And you know, we're not in charge of the border. The cartels are, Joe Biden has done everything he possibly can to destroy the borders in this country.And look who's coming in, they're mostly males, they're mostly middle-aged younger males. And if you think this is bad, what these numbers coming out of -- from December 300,000, that doesn't include the gotaways that we know about, how about the gotaways that we don't know about.And wait until the spring and summer, if they're worried about Donald Trump being elected, they're going to surge like crazy. And every state that's a true border state should protect its borders the way Texas is.PERINO: Greg, we should have gotten into the razor wire business.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I was just thinking that, it would have been a sharp move. I got a million of them.I think it's a dangerous and losing battle for Biden, you know, he's choosing people who aren't Americans, over Americans. I mean, you can't -- I mean, that is a disaster. He's choosing people who are unknown and unidentified over Texans.And the only reason I can think about this is because whatever Trump did, and you mentioned this, whether it's remain in Mexico or anything, he has to do the opposite.He can't -- he's essentially weaponized his own Trump derangement syndrome to encompass everybody, including a state. So, we're seeing this progression of persecution of large populations, right?You know, under Trump used to target individuals, Democrat leaders, celebrities, it was just Rosie O'Donnell. But what Joe has done is he chastised his voters and supporters. He smears millions of people. And now we're surprised that he's escalating it to an entire state. I don't think it's that big -- that big of an extension at this point. This is where he's going.Captain unity sure knows how to divide a country, his superpower is division. I think I do love how the media is blaming the Republicans for not acting on the border with this border deal.First, you broke it, you pay for it. Now the adults will come and fix it and we'll solve it. But you have to pay a price for allowing this country to be compromised, deliberately compromised over politics.And the border bill isn't a fix or a solution. It merely codifies the influx. They're allowing 1.5 million people in a year. That's basically saying, hey, we fixed it. We're legalizing it. That's surrender, pretending to be a solution. In your face, Harold.PERINO: Yes, Harold, how about your face?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I'm glad to be back.PERINO: Your face should start talking.FORD JR.: I'm glad to be back around the table. I'd say just a couple of things, our in house newspaper, one of them is called the Wall Street Journal. They editorialize today very differently some of the perspective that we've taken and some have taken. I actually share the perspective of the editorial -- written by the editorial board, which says a couple of things.One, politics forces people to come and do their jobs. My Republican friends are being critical of Democrats, rightly so. And I've been critical of Democrats for not taking this issue more seriously sooner.But whatever has caused them or whatever the motivation is for them to want to come to the table. I think it's imperative that the other side want to come as well, or we all have to answer the question. If we're willing to wait because of politics for the prospect of another president in this instance, Mr. Trump being elected, that's nine months.If there was 300,000 people coming across the border in December, let's just round it down to 250. 250 times 10 months, you do that for me, it's 2.5 million people that we will allow into the country over the next between now and November. And that's assumes that you don't wait till January to get a deal to add another two months, you're talking about maybe upwards of three million more people who would be potential rapist, terrorist, murderers. Timeout, I'll let you finish, terrorist, murderers, drug traffickers, whoever it may be.Now, we don't know what's in the text of the bill yet. If the bill comes in and you and I agreed last week if the bill comes in and has it, it is weak. It is mealy mouthed (INAUDIBLE).PIRRO: 5000 a day. That's 150,000 a month. That's ridiculous.FORD JR.: That's not what they're saying.PIRRO: Is it?FORD JR.: Furthermore, let the text of the bill come out and understand what that -- what they're talking about.PIRRO: I understand.FORD JR.: Lindsey Graham, it hasn't -- if you've seen it, you're the only person that's seen it outside of the group that's negotiating it. And you would be in disagreement with all the people who said they've not seen who are in the Congress.PIRRO: But all of a sudden you're worried about the number of people coming in, what about the last three years?FORD JR.: I've been worried -- I've been worried about it all along. And all I'm saying is now if you're --PIRRO: How about Joe Biden enforce the law?FORD JR.: We have an opportunity to have a deal.PIRRO: Why do we need a deal? Why can't he enforce the law?FORD JR.: We are enforcing the law.PIRRO: No, he isn't.FORD JR.: If we have a deal, we will be able to curtail the number of people coming across the border, curtail the number of terrorists and murderers and rapists. All I know is if you're --(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: What are you talking about? We don't have their rap sheets from their countries.FORD JR.: If you're on that side of the deal, I respect that, I disagree with that. You're my friend. The country will have an opportunity if you want to wait to the election. I hope we don't. I hope Democrats, I hope the president is willing to say to those liberals who don't want a solid reform, who don't want parole reform, who don't want a wall, you have to have one.As he says, the Republicans, we're going to do -- we're going to do immigration reform differently and how we allow people who've been here for long periods of time and raise their kids here to become citizens.We agree on one thing, we have a problem. But we have an opportunity for a deal, and I hope they take it.GUTFELD: Harold, could I just the first thing you said which is I think the thing that bugs me, not that -- but you pointed out that --FORD JR.: Absolutely.GUTFELD: That it's politics, that is bringing the compromisers to the table. And so, it's not our fault to be suspicious that once they get the win, they're just going to go back to the way they are. So, they're -- the only reason why they're coming to the table is because an election is coming.FORD JR.: I agree.GUTFELD: Yes. So what -- so there's no way you can trust those people, because you're going to -- then they're going to retreat. They're not -- you're going to find out what's in the bill is actually going to be codified legal immigration.FORD JR.: But this has happened for 235 years to the existence of our country, it's something called compromise. And if they break the law, great, I'll be the first to say, they won't be able to get the law --PIRRO: But they're breaking the law now.FORD JR.: The asylum process -- the asylum process allows a lot of this, that's what has to be changed.PIRRO: You think three million people all are deserving of asylum?FORD JR.: Of course not, that's why they had a reform. They reform the process.PIRRO: They want more Border Patrol so they can process more than anything.FORD JR.: Who is they? The Republicans?PIRRO: They always send them to the swing state. Greg Abbott ought to send them now to the swing states.FORD JR.: I'm glad he did, that's why we're here because he -- the Democratic mayors I'm concerned about.PERINO: And when we get the text of that bill, I will host a drinks party and we can read it all together. Aloud as dramatic interpretation.FORD JR.: I can't wait.PERINO: We will film it for you.Up next, Gavin Newsom trying to breathe new life in a Biden's campaign but is he just in it for himself?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Boy, the empty suit has found an empty campaign. Gavin Newsom taking the reins of the aimless Biden reelection effort and stumping for Joe in South Carolina this week. We're not surprised that Gavin's lending a helping hand. Joe Biden needs all the help he can get.The poor man can't even put on a hat correctly. The big guy was spotted wearing a hard hat backwards and nobody can understand what the heck he's saying anymore in his stump speeches.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And by the way, we used to make beer brewed here. It is used to make the brewed beer. Ooh, Earth Rider, thanks for the Great Lakes. I wonder why.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Newsom's hijacking of Joe's campaign in South Carolina is just the latest example of his shadow campaign for president. Whether it happens in 2024 or 2028, Newsom is hell-bent on becoming the leader of the Democrats and friendly media outlets are more than happy to let Newsom test out his message.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): We keep going crushing it. Democrats, we keep crushing it. Look at all the elections you've won Democrats. You keep winning. You keep outperforming. It's extraordinary. Pat yourselves on the back. Our message is working, our values, our American -- the universal values, our policies. Republicans for grudgingly celebrate and accept.I heard the governor here in a state of the state last night. And he talked about these new E.V. investments in his state. Really, Mr. Governor that tried to oppose that and is sitting there with Trump, they can't even help themselves.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Harold, you can't deny this guy is so -- he's like a moth to light. Whenever there's something to be said whether it's about Joe Biden or himself, ultimately, he's there. Is he running?FORD JR.: He's a politician. First of all, I loved our discussion last segment. Governor Newsom, in a lot of ways is doing exactly what Governor Burgum and Senator Scott and Vivek Ramaswamy are doing, have done. I think are doing very effectively on behalf of President Trump. They're out campaigning and laying out why he should be -- the three of them are laying out why President Trump should be elected. And they're laying out a set of ideas and laying out a set of principles.And he does and now Governor Newsom is doing the same thing. I mean, I don't quite get the problem with someone being a surrogate for somebody, if they tell they -- you don't like what they're saying, or you think what they're saying is not necessarily true. That's one thing.Now, judging him by his case, I admire Newsom for a couple of reasons. One, he like some Democrats who won't come on our network. I don't understand why he does. And he's willing to come on and debate people, including sitting governors around the country. I think you have to give him some credit for that. Whether you agree with him -- agree with him or not. And I do.So, I actually hope he stays on the trail. I think he can be oftentimes more effective than President Biden is touting his own record.PIRRO: OK, Dana. Now, given the gibberish we've heard from Wisconsin now this past -- a couple days ago is this week, and the fact that he puts a hard hat on backwards? Do you think he's going to get better with time?PERINO: No, that's a new style.PIRRO: I didn't know. That's when you look cool if you wear your hat backwards on the construction set.So, I think Gavin Newsom is the break glass in case of emergency candidate, and he is filling a void that Kamala Harris can't fill for the Democrats.If she were the heir apparent to Joe Biden, then Kamala Harris would be giving that interview and she would be out front in everyone -- everywhere. She is unable to do that. She is not popular even amongst Democrats. Some Democrats I get it, don't at me.But overall, no, that's not the case. In fact, Jessica Tarlov this week, I think it was on "NEWSROOM", not here, admitted in a discussion that if Gretchen Whitmer had been the vice presidential candidate, instead of Kamala Harris, then Biden probably wouldn't be running for reelection right now.So, I think that Gavin Newsom has positioned himself because, one, he knows the party needs him. So he's party guy, it's like, let me step up here and show them how it's done.He's out of office in 2026. That gives him a couple of years for 2028. If he's not the candidate this time around, he's positioning himself to be the leader of the party.And the primary for both sides is likely not to begin in 2026. It begins the day after the election in 2024. So, I think that you'll probably be seeing him more on Fox.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, what about the fact that you've got Kamala Harris and Gavin Newsom who's filling in as Dana certainly makes a lot of sense. He's filling in for her. Let's assume that for some reason Biden doesn't run, the gibberish keeps going and he, you know, he keeps having problems. Who is then the presidential candidate?WATTERS: It's got to be Newsom, he's not a surrogate, he's the backup quarterback. And you know what happens when the backup quarterback plays well, Harold? You have a quarterback controversy.You look around and you're like, wow, and then you look at your starting quarterback and you think maybe the old fella should stick on the sidelines.GUTFELD: How about Michelle? Have you seen her arm?WATTERS: Arms. She's going to work it out. The -- it takes a lot -- I'm not going to go there.PIRRO: Good idea. Keep talking. Look at me, Jesse. Look at me.WATTERS: I can't. I want to say it but I can't say it. He's campaigning really, that's why he's doing multiple stops, he's doing cable T.V. interviews. He's doing retail politics, something Joe Biden's incapable of doing. You see, he's spewing Jabberwocky. He's getting heckled like he's playing in an away game. He's mumbling, he's getting lost on stage. It's an absolute catastrophe.And I think when you contrast these two guys together, I don't think it helps Joe Biden, you're just looking at a 56-year-old that know what A.I. means. You're looking at a guy that maybe could manage two proxy wars instead of mismanaging the world.So, I don't know, I think this guy is having a great opportunity to go around all these primary states to meet donors. I understand the contours of the electorate in these primary states. He's making connections. He might be seasoned in four years.PIRRO: Yeah. And you know what, Greg? I mean, the women are swooning over that greasy hair. They love him.GUTFELD: He's like flypaper. If you see him, you get stuck to him. I wouldn't know though.I want to know what he meant by it, that the Democrats are killing it. I mean, is he talking about women's rights? Talking about the border? Is he talking about the American dream? Is he talking about freedom of speech or the future of cities? Yes, you're crushing it. What are you crushing exactly? You're crushing our lives.This is a thing that has to be brought up. When he's out and around what is happening to his state, right? He's on the campaign trail, Californians are actually living on trails.WATTERS: In caves.GUTFELD: In caves too. In and out, we talked about this. This is a big deal, in and out, never closed a store ever. The only one in Oakland. And it wasn't because they were doing poorly. They were doing amazing.And people can afford in and out but they can't afford the French Laundry. So, it's not as much of a big deal for him even though his family loves it. But you get the impression that with California, it's Gavin's world and they're just living in it. And if he ever becomes president, how soon would he be tired of that job?WATTERS: You get tired of being president?GUTFELD: Yes, you do.PIRRO: Then, what do you do?GUTFELD: I don't run for it.PIRRO: Yes, but then what do you do?GUTFELD: You go to the WEF, right? And you control the world.PIRRO: Wow, I didn't know that. OK.FORD JR.: A quarterback Tom Brady came in, I mean, he started as the backup.WATTERS: Are you comparing Newsom to Tom Brady? How dare you?FORD JR.: It's the football stuff that you said early.PIRRO: All right, up next, are you done?FORD JR.: Yes, ma'am.PIRRO: OK, soft-on-crime liberal laws are now putting Taylor Swift in danger.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Americas biggest pop star, not me, now falling victim to insane liberal bail laws. Taylor Swift's latest alleged stalker is back behind bars, but only after getting arrested three times in just five short days. 33-year-old David Crowe had a wild week of Swift stalking here in New York City. It all began Saturday afternoon when Crowe got busted while trying to enter Taylor's residence.By Monday, Creepy Crowe back on the streets and he returned to Swift's place. The cops charged him with harassment and stalking and he was in court on Wednesday to face those charges. But 10 minutes after he walked out, Crowe was spotted dumpster diving near Taylor's house and arrested again. But he says it's all just one big misunderstanding.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: David, why are you stalking Taylor?DAVID CROWE, TAYLOR SWIFT'S STALKER: I'm not. I was grabbing some of my pants I threw in the dumpster.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It looked -- it took his third arrest for a judge to say no more Taylor taunting for you and revoked his bail. All right, Judge, it doesn't seem like stalking is considered that big of a deal if it takes three stalking arrests to finally revoke bail.PIRRO: Well, you forget this is New York City. Nothing is really all that serious. I mean, we've got a D.A. who barely prosecutes crime. We've got bail laws that, you know, you commit a violent crime don't worry about it. You can come back. If we can, you know, interfere with your schedule next month, can you make it back.Look, I feel terrible about this. This guy had bench warrants from 2017. He had cases from 2023. He had three -- in three days, I think it was Saturday, Monday, and then Wednesday. And I'll tell you, the only reason he's in jail it's because they arrested him on a contempt of court. When you violate a court order, the court gets their back up and says we're going to keep you in jail now.And by the way, did you know this guy is a law student from Seattle? I mean, give me a break. Law -- what are they teaching in Seattle if anything? But that's besides the point. She --WATTERS: His -- Richard says love doesn't just sit there.PIRRO: Yes. Well, for him, love you know, violates and stalks. And unfortunately many, many women are killed in spite of the fact that they're stalked in domestic violence cases. Something like 20 percent of the women against whom -- for whom there have been stalking charges are murdered. The 75 percent of the women who are murdered in a relationship are murdered once they say I'm leaving.So, I mean, the laws don't protect people. Stalking -- you almost have to commit the crime to get the police to make an arrest or keep you in jail. She's smart. She's lucky she has the resources. Most New Yorkers don't.WATTERS: Dana.PERINO: Oh -- right. And I don't have too much more to say because I was going to make a lot of those points about all the women who don't have protection from executive security or even maybe perhaps undercover FBI. They could be on the lookout for them. I remember on Newsroom interviewing a woman from Chicago whose stalker, ex-husband somehow got out of jail. It was a bail situation. He came and he murdered her child and then tried to murder her. He didn't succeed but she lives with all of this agony. And actually, she ran for congress. I really admire her.Back to Taylor Swift. So, she has taken on some fights for people on their behalf in the past. And it's not the same as stalking but on the streaming issue, when the songwriters and the singers weren't getting paid what they were due, she fought for them. And I know that she doesn't want this fight, but it is possible that if they figure out some sort of legal way to make a difference, that she could really help a lot of other people.WATTERS: Maybe she could help the people of Texas and do something about the border.PERINO: Yes, exactly.WATTERS: I'm not even making a sarcastic comment. I think that would be a really smart idea for her to use her power and help us secure the country. Harold, do you agree with that?FORD JR.: I agree with everything that's been said. I would even add on, Jesse, this -- you don't want to piss off this Swifty community. And it seems that we've been unable to persuade the legislature in Pennsylvania, in New York to change these soft on bail or these cashless bail laws. Maybe if the Swifties get behind that not only for her but for every person -- not only those that are stalk but just crime in general might be able to make an even bigger impact.WATTERS: Put Swift to a lot of use for the good of the country, Greg .GUTFELD: You're so thoughtful, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you.GUTFELD: You know, in this day and age, it seems like the stalker or a suspect holds all the cards even if they get busted because they have -- because you're still alive. It's like they -- most people can't do anything until you're actually harmed. It's a bizarre thing. And in this day and age where you are -- if you are exposed. This is primarily women. There's a lot of crazy people out there and working in this business, I know tons of women who go through this problem all the time. And even some men, unfortunately.I know. I was stalked for years by a young woman and I just finally gave up, and now she sits to my right. But -- yes.PERINO: She got out of bail.GUTFELD: Yes, you know. What could I do?WATTERS: Don't touch him.PERINO: No worries.WATTERS: "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back! Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, Elvis may have left the building but not for the actor who played him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Actor Austin Butler says he had to hire, check this out, a dialect coach to help him ditch his Elvis accent before shooting a new T.V. show. Butler spent three years perfecting the King of Rock and Roll signature draw for the movie.Judge, what do you think about it? Should he have -- should he hired a coach? Did you like him as Elvis?PIRRO: I liked him as Elvis. But here's the thing. I guess it's called method acting where they actually get so into the character that they think they are that character. And I think he went a little overboard with it. But it's kind of like James Gandolfini. Like if you bumped into him, you'd think he was Tony Soprano. You know, he kind of carry it with hm. But I don't know. If he didn't like that, then get a coach.GUTFELD: This is fake news. This did not happen. This is a P.R.-created story so you cover the new thing. Come on, people.PERINO: I think it's basically a way for Hollywood to spend money, right?GUTFELD: Yes?PERINO: Agents got to spend money on something, and I think a dialect coach for some people -- that would make sense.GUTFELD: It would be good for Jesse.PERINO: If they ask me to do an Australian accent for a movie or our next skit on THE FIVE, I would probably need a coach.GUTFELD: Jesse, when you leave THE FIVE, are you still as obnoxious as at home as you are here?WATTERS: I'm trying to kick my Australian accent. I just can't get rid of it. I spent two weeks in Australia. I'm with Greg though. I think this is a leak from his Camp to make him look like he's such a good method actor, it took another coach to get him away from that character that he was playing. He's just so good.FORD JR.: He was good as Elvis. Up next, how do you like this? Jessica Biel sparking a huge debate over eating in the shower.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JESSICA BIEL, ACTRESS: I really want to, you know, start a movement, a shower eating movement. Here's my rules with shower eating. A ledge is really helpful. Only tricky thing is when you're chewing, you got to keep your mouth closed.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: So --FORD JR.: To me this is fake news.FORD JR.: You think --PERINO: Yes, I agree.FORD JR.: Do you eat in the shower? Do you eat anywhere other than a table?PIRRO: Do I even shower? What are you --FORD JR.: I said, do you eat in the shower? I sit next to you. I know you shower.PIRRO: No, no, absolutely. How do you know? No, I don't. That's enough.FORD JR.: No, I said -- we'll move on. Jesse, do you eat in the shower?WATTERS: No. I think sometimes women try to be unattractive for strategic reasons. I think Justin Timberlake is so obsessed with her every time she hops in the shower, he probably wants to hop in too. So, she has to eat like a hoagie in there so he doesn't come in.FORD JR.: OK.WATTERS: You want to hear my other theory?PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: She doesn't have enough time to raise her children because they're so crazy, the only time she gets time to eat is in the shower.PERINO: OK.FORD JR.: All right, that's a theory.WATTERS: You want to hear my other theory? Her career has gone so downhill that as Greg said, she has to say something provocative for us to cover it.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: I don't think that these viral videos are good for these celebrity women. I mean, who am I to talk, right? I don't really know. OK, I'll do one of my dog. But like Reese Witherspoon had one the other day about making snow chocolate -- hot chocolate. And that was cute. That was funny. It was kind of interesting. This I think she was just trying to get attention.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: Exclamation?GUTFELD: Well, I mean, to be fair, I do bathe in the dining room. I take out a bucket and a -- and a big sponge and I just -- I just -- all over me. But you know what? You know what? You know what this -- what she's really telling you? That she pees in the shower.WATTERS: Oh.GUTFELD: Oh, no, no, no. Oh, everybody goes eww.PERINO: That's not what she said.GUTFELD: Oh, stop it. When you're in a hotel shower --WATTERS: No.GUTFELD: It's not your shower.WATTERS: No, no, no, you can't do it. It actually retards your --GUTFELD: You can't say that.WATTERS: No, no, no, I can say it in a medical way. It retards your ability --GUTFELD: You said it again.PIRRO: The what?WATTERS: -- to use your urine airy tract and seize it up when you do need to hold it.PIRRO: What?WATTERS: It destroys your muscles in your.PERINO: It's called your pelvic floor.WATTERS: Your pelvic floor.PIRRO: Oh, my God.FORD JR.: Judge, what I was saying is I know you shower.PIRRO: Oh, I know.FORD JR.: And finally, attention all you speedsters. A new California bill is trying to physically stop cars from going 10 miles over the speed limit with a new device called speed governors. If it passes every car, truck sold in the state in 2027, it would need one of these bad boys installed.Judge, what do you think about this device?PIRRO: I think it's baloney. It doesn't mean crap.PERINO: Of course, she does.PIRRO: Nobody's going to arrest you for it. And I won't buy that car. What' you say I said?PERINO: I said, of course you do.FORD JR.: I'm thinking about getting one of those on the EV I get you for Christmas.PIRRO: No.FORD JR.: Jesse, what are your thoughts about this?WATTERS: So, my wife's going into labor, and she's in the passenger seat -- and I floor it, you're saying this thing is going to just seize up on me and I can't make it to the emergency room?PIRRO: And what if the cartel is chasing you?WATTERS: I'm going to have to deliver the baby.FORD JR.: On that -- on that note, Dana, do you have a --PERINO: I'm not for this, the Nanny State. I just know this one driver in New York is going to be very disappointed if this ever happens to him. You know the one?GUTFELD: Oh, yes. You know, this can't work in New York or California because you're already going -- if you're going zero --PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: I mean, essentially --WATTERS: You can't go any higher than zero.GUTFELD: Yes. It wouldn't work for us. I hate this.FORD JR.: I'm against that. I'm against it too. Don't go anywhere. "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Face -- "FAN MAIL FRIDAY." First question, this is a good one because I can answer this one. Were you in any contests and won? Dana, you probably were in a couple of contests.PERINO: I don't know. Oh, like, I won this -- I was -- I won a couple of speech team contests.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: That's a -- that's a contest?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Yes, I won.GUTFELD: Oh, good for you.PERINO: I won the state -- I won the state tournament in Colorado in high school.GUTFELD: Good for you.PERINO: And I won the national tournament when I was a freshman in college.GUTFELD: You go, girl!PERINO: Thank you.GUTFELD: Yes. Jesse, did you ever win anything? Contest.WATTERS: I won a tennis racket at a raffle at my club when I was 11.PERINO: That's pretty good.GUTFELD: Oh, you still remember that.WATTERS: I still remember it. And I'm so unlucky I never win any of those Lotto things, but it's the only time I ever lucked out.GUTFELD: I won a carpet at Macy's. Hey, Harold.FORD JR.: Speech and talent. We did Mars Day in the time and we finished last but we lobbied to finish first so we --PERINO: Did you do the bird?FORD JR.: We did the bird and jungle. I was Mars.GUTFELD: Jungle love. There you go. Judge?FORD JR.: Jungle love.PIRRO: OK. So, I beat Jimmy Failla at Cony Island at some games.PERINO: That's right.PIRRO: But more importantly, when I was in high school, I won the Singer sewing contest. I used to make my own clothes and it was statewide for teenagers and I won.PERINO: That's awesome.PIRRO: I used to make coats.WATTERS: Did they use to make your own clothes back then?PIRRO: Yes. Well, I wore a uniform --PERINO: With a pattern or not a pattern?PIRRO: I wear a uniform. Pattern, yes, definitely. I used to love clothes as a kid and --FORD JR.: Used to?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: You want to hear weird? I won a bench press contest in 1990 in a Mayas, Pennsylvania at a fire hall. Bench press half your weight -- half your own weight for the most reps and I won.WATTERS: You're were thin back then?GUTFELD: Yes, I was thin. That was in at the Mayas Fire Department on Main Street in Mayas, Pennsylvania.PIRRO: 15 pounds.WATTERS: Nice.GUTFELD: I wonder if anybody's still alive. All right, what's your favorite thing you've bought yourself recently, Judge?PERINO: I know. I know.PIRRO: You know. OK, I'll tell you what it was.GUTFELD: What?PIRRO: I bought the greatest wallpaper for my den.PERINO: Nice. What color?GUTFELD: That's fun.PERINO: Color?PIRRO: It's like a weave and a grass and a lot of colors.GUTFELD: Wallpaper. Speaking of wallpaper, what about you, Harold?FORD JR.: I spring to mind whenever I think about wallpaper. I don't -- I don't know what I've -- I bought myself a rain jacket which I'm very --PIRRO: Wow.FORD JR.: It's exciting for me. It's not -- it's not a jacket -- it's a jacket I can wear with my jeans and it's light. Anyway, I like the jacket.GUTFELD: What about you?WATTERS: I bought a Range Rover.GUTFELD: Did you?PIRRO: Did you?WATTERS: For Jesse Jr. It's this little toy car. He plays with it all the time.GUTFELD: Is it EV?WATTERS: It's an EV Range.GUTFELD: We were thinking about an EV Range Rover but they don't make --WATTERS: I was thinking about an EV but I don't know. I don't know if I can pull off the love.GUTFELD: Dana?PERINO: I got a milk -- an almond milk steamer and brother.WATTERS: Oh, God. Oh, my goodness.PIRRO: Oh, that's great. I love it.WATTERS: You're a barista?PERINO: It's so great! It's so good.WATTERS: You really froth it up, Dana?PIRRO: Ignore them.PERINO: I don't have to. It does it for me.WATTERS: Amazing. Let me know where you got that.PERINO: Amazon.GUTFELD: So, I got -- you guys, I got -- I got this new piercing.WATTERS: Oh, don't show us that.PIRRO: Sit down.GUTFELD: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Jesse?WATTERS: We got a Feeding Frenzy situation.PERINO: Oh, boy.WATTERS: It is a situation. Eats it up. So, everyone's talking about shrinkflation because of Bidenomics. McD said forget about that, we're going to double the Big Mac. This is a double Big Mac. Four burger patties, we got the Big Mac sauce. No one knows what's in it. It's a mystery. Pickles, lettuce, onions, American cheese.Dana wanted to know how many calories it has, but I don't care.FORD JR.: I'm going in with you -- I'm going in with you on this.PERINO: Hey, you shouldn't --FORD JR.: This is easy.WATTERS: Tonight --PIRRO: Is it cold?WATTERS: It's warmer than you think.PIRRO: Oh.WATTERS: "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" --FORD JR.: It's good.WATTERS: The American Throuples.PERINO: Wow! That sounds like a riveting --GUTFELD: Yes, boy, you're really digging for the bottom of barrel.PERINO: OK, here's mine while we have delicious Big Macs. Imagine having an entire resort to yourself. So, that actually happened to one couple. They found out what it's like when their dream vacation took a very weird turn. They arrived at the resort in Los Cabos, excuse me, Mexico to find they were the only guest there. They went from laughing at the situation to feeling a little unsettled. It sounds like a once in a lifetime experience.Greg, would you like that?GUTFELD: They didn't make any vacation best friends, the people you're going to promise to stay in touch with, and then you never think about him again.PERINO: Exactly. Just like fake friends.GUTFELD: Los Cabos is Spanish for the cabs.PERINO: Los Cabos, Los Cabos. I don't know why I'm having a hard time talking. It must be Friday. Gutfeld, you're next.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, oh, do we have a show for you. We got Dagen McDowell, Kat Timpf, Julie Banderas, and Underpants Sky. Yes, Doug DePierro.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Animals are great! Animals are great! Animals are great!(END VIDEO CLIP).GUTFELD: Oh, thanks. Who is in charge these days? You know, we live in contentious times. People can't get along together. It's really bothering me. That's why it's really special when you see two different species getting along together like this pet bird and dog. Look at them having a great time playing. One could easily crush the other and it in his in his strong jaws. But instead they play an adorable game of tag.You know what the golden retriever's name is? Jasper. And the parakeet's name is Mars.PERINO: That's a parakeet?GUTFELD: This occurred in California. These are facts that mean nothing to me.PERINO: This is what Gavin Newsom is doing to the State of California.GUTFELD: Yes. Yes. Perverts.PERINO: All right, Judge, you're next.PIRRO: OK, it's not necessarily the type of house call that police officers make, but one Illinois officer took it upon himself to complete a food delivery order after the DoorDash driver was arrested before it was dropped off. Take a look.WATTERS: That is great.GUTFELD: Wow!(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did my driver get in an accident?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, he got arrested but we wanted to make sure you got your food. So, you guys have a good night.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You guys are amazing. Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: So nice. So, so nice. Harold Ford Jr.FORD JR.: A breakthrough gene treatment has allowed six deaf children to hear for the first time. Kids are in Philly. They got treated there. The treatment -- each of the kids were born with this gene mutation that led to their hearing loss. They got this injection of a version of this gene that countered the mutation. 26 weeks after receiving the injection, the children's hearing levels increased up to 70 percent.PERINO: Wow.FORD JR.: The child you see the video is an 11-year-old. He was the first child to receive the treatment in the U.S. at at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, CHOP, and heard for the first time this week. Congratulations! God bless.PERINO: Congratulations.FORD JR.: Go Lions, this weekend!GUTFELD: The first thing they said is get -- let's get out of Philadelphia.PERINO: They can't take it anymore. And they also probably said go Lions, right?FORD JR.: Go Lions!PERINO: Tyrus told me to pick the Lions at the beginning of the year. It turns out a pretty good bet I think. I hope.That's it for us.PIRRO: OK.PERINO: Have a great night, everyone. Hey, Bret!