Link to ImageHunter Biden's ex-business partner Tony Bobulinski snapped back at Democratic Rep. Robert Garcia of California Wednesday after he asserted there is “no evidence” President Joe Biden did anything wrong.Bobulinski claimed President Biden was the “brand” being sold in Hunter and his business dealings in his testimony to the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability. However, Garcia said Bobulinski did not offer a shred of evidence the president did anything improper at the hearing titled, “Influence Peddling: Examining Joe Biden's Abuse of Public Office.” (RELATED: House Oversight Republicans Subpoena AT&T For Hunter Biden's Phone Records)WATCH:“I just want to, for the record, be very clear that during Mr. Bobulinski's testimony he has provided zero evidence, zero evidence of any sort of link between Hunter Biden and the president, as far as it relates to the business dealings,” Garcia said. “And so once again we're back to a hearing where no evidence is being provided of any sort of wrongdoing by the present.”“That's a blatant lie,” Bobulinski retorted.“Actually it's my time, sir,” Garcia said, cutting Bobulinski off.Link to ImageTony Bobulinski, who claims to have been an associate of Hunter Biden, departs after speaking to reporters at a hotel in Nashville, Tennessee on October 22, 2020, ahead of the final presidential debate. (Photo by MANDEL NGAN/AFP via Getty Images)Garcia then accused Bobulinski of previously giving a “false answer” regarding who invited him to a presidential debate between Biden and former President Donald Trump.“I actually don't recall whose guest I was, but I attended the debate,” Bobulinski said during February testimony.The two repeatedly clashed over the issue during Garcia's five minutes of questioning. Garcia called into question Bobulinski's assertion that he is not political while the businessman said his lawyers coordinated his events for him.Bobulinski told Garcia it was “obvious” he was Trump's guest.Link to ImageWASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 6: (L-R) Subcommittee ranking member Rep. Robert Garcia (D-CA) speaks as subcommittee chairman Rep. Glenn Grothman (R-WI) looks on during a House Oversight Subcommittee on National Security, the Border, and Foreign Affairs hearing on June 6, 2023 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images)“At that point I was trying to get the truth and the facts out to the American people at that moment in time,” Bobulinski told Garcia. “If I recall, I believe 80 million people watched that debate.”Garcia called Bobulinski an “uncredible witness” to conclude his five minutes.Bobulinski worked with Hunter prior to becoming a whistleblower. He told Congress in February that China successfully attempted to “infiltrate and compromise” Joe Biden and President Barack Obama's White House.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic 'That's A Blatant Lie': Tony Bobulinski Snaps At Dem Rep Who Says 'No Evidence' Of Biden 'Wrongdoing'