Link to ImageThe Jewish Democratic Council of America (JDCA) announced endorsements on Thursday for two primary challengers to pro-Palestinian Reps. Jamaal Bowman of New York and Cori Bush of Missouri.Both Bowman and Bush, along with other left-wing Democratic House members, have been critical of Israel's counteroffensive in Gaza following the Oct. 7 Hamas terrorist attacks. The JDCA is now backing Westchester County executive George Latimer for Bowman's seat, as well as St. Louis prosecutor Wesley Bell for Bush's, according to a press release.“We understand that Wesley Bell and George Latimer are supporting the priorities that Jewish Americans are prioritizing when they go to the polls,” Sam Crystal, communications director for the JDCA, told the Jewish Insider. “We know that they are fighting for abortion rights and for defending our democracy, and for safer communities and combating gun violence, and health care for all, and in support of Israel and combating antisemitism.”The move marks the first time the JDCA has endorsed against Democratic incumbents, according to the outlet. (RELATED: House Democrats Critical Of Israel Drawing Primary Challenges Over Their Positions) These are difficult times. NYers need a Congressmember who will listen to every voice, not just those who agree with him, & who will deliver on the issues that matter. I'm running for Congress because I know we need new leadership - and I'm ready to deliver. #ResultsNotRhetoric pic.twitter.com/N9kTFYLTh9 - George Latimer (@LatimerforNY) December 6, 2023Both Latimer and Bell cited their pro-Israel views when announcing their decision to challenge the so-called “squad” members late last year.Bush was one of two House representatives to vote against a resolution in late January barring members of Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad involved in the initial attack on Israel from entering the U.S. Both Bush and Bowman opposed a House resolution in late October condemning Hamas' attack, as well as an early December one condemning antisemitism. The two vulnerable Democrats have also called for a ceasefire in Gaza.Bush was trailing Bell by 22 points in an early February MOScout and Remington poll just months ahead of the Democratic primary in August. There is no public polling yet available for the June Democratic primary in Bowman's district.“We saw these two seats, in NY-16 and MO-1, as competitive races, and that's where we're focusing our efforts, in the places that are competitive,” Crystal told the Jewish Insider.Along with Bell and Latimer, the JDCA announced 20 other Democratic endorsements in Senate and House races. The JDCA endorsed Democratic Reps. Ruben Gallego of Arizona, Adam Schiff of California, Elissa Slotkin of Michigan, Colin Allred of Texas and Debbie Mucarsel-Powell of Florida for their Senate campaigns.Democratic candidates Kirsten Engel of Arizona, Adam Gray of California, Rudy Salas of California, Will Rollins of California, Dave Min of California, Adam Frisch of Colorado, Christina Bohannan of Iowa, Lanon Baccam of Iowa, Curtis Hertel of Michigan, Monica Tranel of Montana, Tony Vargas of Nebraska, Mondaire Jones of New York, Josh Riley of New York, Michelle Vallejo of Texas, Missy Cotter Smasal of Virginia also received the JDCA's backing.Neither Bowman nor Bush's campaigns immediately responded to the Daily Caller News Foundation's requests for comment.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 11: (L-R) Rep. Cori Bush (D-MO) and Rep. Jamaal Bowman (D-NY) talk with each other on the House steps before a news conference to discuss proposed legislation entitled Rent and Mortgage Cancellation Act outside the U.S. Capitol on March 11, 2021 in Washington, DC. The bill aims to institute a nationwide cancellation of rents and home mortgage payments through the duration of the coronavirus pandemic. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images)