Link to ImageA post shared on social media purports that a Jewish community in the United States recently rallied to sever ties with Israel. The largest anti-Israel American Jewish community openly announces the severing of all ties with Israel, affirming its rejection of the vision of Israel as a Jewish state. Oh Muslims...oh Arabs... At least become Jewish, I will come out to you...maybe a vein of conscience will... pic.twitter.com/huecOnJc00 - Rula Alqawasmi (@Alqawasmi_Rula) March 10, 2024Verdict: FalseThe claim is inaccurate. The video is over a decade old and predates the current conflict in Gaza.Fact Check:Israel has killed a top Hamas leader, Marwan Issa, in an airstrike, according to The Wall Street Journal. Issa earned the nickname, “Shadow Man” due to his elusive and clandestine operations with Hamas.A post shared on X, formerly known as Twitter, purports that a large gathering of a Jewish community recently took part in a protest of Israel. The video shows a large group, of what seems to be men, in black clothing sitting on a stage facing a crowd.“The largest anti-Israel American Jewish community openly announces the severing of all ties with Israel, affirming its rejection of the vision of Israel as a Jewish state. Oh Muslims...oh Arabs...At least become Jewish, I will come out to you...maybe a vein of conscience will be stirred in you,” the caption reads. “Fear of your rulers and your presidents who allied with Zionism will lead you to death and you are alive. Israel will arrive in your country to colonize your land as it did with Palestine. No safe with Israel killings children”The claim is inaccurate. The video dates back to 2013 and predates the recent conflict in Gaza. At no point did they claim to sever ties with Israel.The rally took place in New York City and was a demonstration against Israel's proposal to draft ultra-Orthodox Jews into the Israeli Defense Force, according to World Jewish Congress. Demonstrates carried signs that read, “The Israeli draft law is an attack on freedom of religion” (RELATED: Fact Checking Biden's Recent Claims About Wage Growth, Inflation)This is not the first time misinformation has been shared online. Check Your Fact debunked a claim that President Joe Biden proposed a policy to pay Americans $400 a month.
Graphic HEBRON, WEST BANK - DECEMBER 02: An Israeli flag is displayed along a road outside of Hebron during increased tensions between Palestinians and Israelis on December 02, 2023 in Hebron, West Bank. Gunmen, claimed by Hamas to be members of their group, shot numerous Israelis at a bus stop on Thursday morning on the outskirts of Jerusalem before being shot dead. Israel and Hamas have resumed fighting following a truce that lasted nearly a week. Both sides had agreed on the release of Israeli hostages held in Gaza, as well as the release of Palestinian prisoners held in Israeli jails. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)