Link to ImageThe House Oversight Committee hearing went off the rails Wednesday as Hunter Biden's former business partner Tony Bobulinski accused Democratic Reps. Jamie Raskin and Dan Goldman of lying.Bobulinski said Raskin and Goldman will “continue to lie” to protect the Biden family, leading Raskin to interrupt him mid-sentence.“Rep. Dan Goldman and Jamie Raskin, both lawyers, and Mr. Goldman, a former prosector with the SDNY from New York, will continue to lie today in this hearing and then go straight to the media to tell more lies,” Bobulinski said. “Hunter Biden's defense attorney, Abbe Lowell, weaponizes letters to Congress to try to smear my name -”“Mr. Chairman,” Raskin interrupted.“The cold hard facts,” Bobulinski continued.“Mr. Chairman,” Raskin repeated.“In an attempt to save his [Lowell's] powerfully connected client and his father,” Bobulinski added, ignoring the interruption. “I challenge Mr. Lowell to make those claims on national television so he can be held accountable for his lies.” (RELATED: Hunter Biden's Chinese Business Associates Put Joe Biden's Address On Two Payments, House Oversight Finds) Oversight Committee chairman James Comer apologized to the witness for the “disruption” and urged him to continue speaking.“Well, Mr. Chairman, you can save his time but he called members of this committee liars and I just want to know whether the order in decorum requirements in House Rule 11 apply to witnesses appearing before the committee,” Raskin said. “Does it apply or does it not?”“There's hard line - there's decorum from the members. We've asked for that. There's no language that I'm aware of pertaining to a witness,” Comer answered after a pause.Comer allowed Bobulinski to continue speaking after over 10 seconds of disruption.Bobulinski has previously alleged that President Joe Biden lied about about his involvement in his son's business dealings by saying he never discussed business with his son. He previously said in 2022 the Biden family tried to commit “fraud” against him during his partnership with Hunter.Bobulinski was one among five business partners involved in Oneida Holdings, a shell company created in May 2017 with Hunter Biden, James Biden and another two businessmen. They planned to use Oneida Holdings to form a business arrangement with China Energy Company (CEFC). He further said the Biden family “aggressively leveraged” their family name to facilitate their business deals.He said in February that China tried to “infiltrate and compromise” the Bidens as well as the Obama White House. He alleged the now-president “enabled” a profitable business deal between his son and a Chinese Communist Party-linked energy company, and claimed the Biden family “were enriched to the tune of tens of millions of dollars” from such arrangements.Hunter has claimed the now-president was never “financially involved” in his business arrangements. The then-presidential candidate falsely said his son never profited from business deals in China.AOC Goes Off The Rails Over Impeachment Inquiry Hearing gets derailed when Democrat threatens to subpoena Bobulinski Bobulinksi snaps at Democrat who says there's no evidence of Biden committing wrongdoing 
Graphic Ex-Hunter Biden business partner Tony Bobulinski [Screenshot/Fox News]