Link to ImageA consolidated bill released on Sunday to fund part of the government for this fiscal year includes a provision that would limit the Department of Justice (DOJ) from investigating parents who protest at school board meetings.The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2024 - an omnibus package of legislation to fund the government for fiscal year 2024 - was published by Republican Rep. Kay Granger of Texas, the chair of the House Appropriations Committee, as part of a compromise deal with the Senate to complete the delayed funding process. In the bill's provisions regarding the DOJ, a prohibition exists on using funds to probe parents who merely disrupt school board meetings. (RELATED: Congressional Leaders Strike Government Funding Deal)“None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to target or investigate parents who peacefully protest at school board meetings and are not suspected of engaging in unlawful activity,” the bill reads.Consolidated Appropriations... by Daily Caller News FoundationAttorney General Merrick Garland issued a memorandum on October 4, 2021, that directed DOJ officials to target alleged “harassment, intimidation, and threats of violence against school administrators, board members, teachers, and staff.” The memorandum directed the FBI to coordinate with local officials regarding efforts to mitigate such alleged threats to school employees, which was widely criticized by parents' groups and Republicans in Congress as threatening dissatisfied parents' free speech.The National School Boards Association sent a letter to President Joe Biden in September 2021 calling on the administration to investigate alleged threats to administrators using authorities under the USA PATRIOT Act, an anti-terrorism and national security bill enacted after the terrorist attacks of 9/11. It called the alleged threats “the equivalent to a form of domestic terrorism and hate crimes,” according to the letter.A lawsuit against Garland filed by parents regarding the memorandum was dismissed by a federal court in 2022.The DOJ did not immediately respond to a request for comment.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic Signs are seen on a bench during a rally against "critical race theory" (CRT) being taught in schools at the Loudoun County Government center in Leesburg, Virginia on June 12, 2021. - "Are you ready to take back our schools?" Republican activist Patti Menders shouted at a rally opposing anti-racism teaching that critics like her say trains white children to see themselves as "oppressors." "Yes!", answered in unison the hundreds of demonstrators gathered this weekend near Washington to fight against "critical race theory," the latest battleground of America's ongoing culture wars. The term "critical race theory" defines a strand of thought that appeared in American law schools in the late 1970s and which looks at racism as a system, enabled by laws and institutions, rather than at the level of individual prejudices. But critics use it as a catch-all phrase that attacks teachers' efforts to confront dark episodes in American history, including slavery and segregation, as well as to tackle racist stereotypes. (Photo by ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS / AFP) (Photo by ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS/AFP via Getty Images)