Link to ImageThe U.S. Supreme Court rejected a case on Monday regarding a New Mexico county commissioner who was ousted after allegedly engaging in an “insurrection.”Couy Griffin, who co-founded the group “Cowboys for Trump,” was removed from his local office after he was convicted for his actions in the crowd at the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021. The Supreme Court denied certiorari in a court order on Monday, without further comment, after Griffin appealed his case in May 2023.“I just found out (through the media) that my appeal to the SCOTUS has been denied,” Griffin wrote on X. “Very disappointed. I don't even know what to say. But I thank you for your prayers and for standing with me through this.” (RELATED: 'It's Just Nuts': Could Colorado Ruling Kicking Trump Off The Ballot Lead To Courts Targeting Republicans?)Link to ImageTOPSHOT - Former US President and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a Buckeye Values PAC Rally in Vandalia, Ohio, on March 16, 2024. (KAMIL KRZACZYNSKI/AFP via Getty Images)The Supreme Court's decision not to review Griffin's case follows its March 4 unanimous ruling that allowed former President Donald Trump to remain on the ballot. The Colorado Supreme Court disqualified the former president from being on the ballot in mid-December on the grounds of allegedly violating the 14th Amendment's “insurrectionist ban.”Griffin was optimistic about his case's chances ahead of the Supreme Court's ruling in Trump's favor, NBC News reported on Feb. 13. However, the Supreme Court's decision barred states from removing candidates seeking federal office from the ballot, not local positions like Griffin's.“We conclude that states may disqualify persons holding or attempting to hold state office. But states have no power under the Constitution to enforce Section 3 with respect to federal offices, especially the presidency,” the Supreme Court ruled.The secretary of state in Maine and an Illinois judge also disqualified Trump from the ballot ahead of the Supreme Court's ruling. Over 60 similar challenges have been filed in numerous other states.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic NEW YORK, NY - MAY 01: Otero County Commission Chairman and Cowboys for Trump co-founder Couy Griffin rides his horse on 5th avenue on May 1, 2020 in New York City. Mayor Bill De Blasio said that New York city has seen a decline in coronavirus hospitalizations and the rate of people testing positive for the disease, but that reopening is still a few months away.(Photo by Jeenah Moon/Getty Images)