Link to ImageFormer President Donald Trump won enough delegates from nominating contests Tuesday evening to secure the 2024 Republican nomination, according to The Associated Press.Trump won primaries in Georgia, Mississippi and Washington, surpassing the Republican National Committee's required 1,215 delegate threshold from Tuesday's contests to become the presumptive nominee, the AP projected at the time of writing. The Hawaii caucus has yet to be called. (RELATED: Nikki Haley Takes One State, But Trump Romps In The Rest As Super Tuesday Results Roll In)President Joe Biden reached his party's 1,968 target after a win in Georgia. Biden, who also secured a win in Mississippi on Tuesday, already won Hawaii's Democratic caucus on March 6 with 66% support, according to the AP.Across all of the nominating contests on Tuesday, 161 Republican delegates and 254 Democratic delegates are on the line, according to the AP.Link to ImageROME, GEORGIA - MARCH 09: Republican presidential candidate and former U.S. President Donald Trump takes the stage during a campaign rally at the Forum River Center. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)The president is likely to face an “uncommitted” protest vote in Washington over his handling of the Israel-Hamas war, as he did in several Super Tuesday states and Michigan. The ballot option received 7.5% support at the time of writing, according to the AP.Trump won nearly all of the Super Tuesday states on March 5, while former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley was able to narrowly secure the blue state of Vermont. Haley dropped out of the Republican primary the following day after only notching two wins this cycle, including Washington, D.C., but did not endorse Trump.The former president notched big wins in the first four nominating states - Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina - as well as in the U.S. Virgin Islands, Michigan, Idaho, Missouri and North Dakota.Trump is currently leading Biden by 1.7 points in the RealClearPolitics average for a potential 2024 rematch, and is also ahead in crucial battleground states like Michigan, Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, North Carolina and Wisconsin.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic ROME, GEORGIA - MARCH 09: Republican presidential candidate and former U.S. President Donald Trump addresses a campaign rally at the Forum River Center March 09, 2024 in Rome, Georgia. Both Trump and President Joe Biden are holding campaign events on Saturday in Georgia, a critical battleground state, two days before the its primary elections. A city of about 38,000, Rome is in the heart of conservative northwest Georgia and the center of the Congressional district represented by Rep. Majorie Taylor Green (R-GA). (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)