Link to ImageFormer President Donald Trump endorsed Republican Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming to be the next Senate GOP whip Thursday.Barrasso, who currently serves as the Senate Republican Conference chair, threw his hat in the race after current Minority Whip John Thune announced he'd vie to succeed Minority Leader Mitch McConnell. Trump threw his support behind Barrasso for the position in a Truth Social post after the chairman endorsed the presumptive Republican presidential nominee in early January for 2024. (RELATED: John Barrasso Passes On Senate GOP Leadership Run For Lower Post)“John Barrasso is a fantastic Senator for the incredible people of Wyoming,” Trump wrote. “He is running to be the next Republican Whip for the Senate Republican Conference, a very important job, to ensure we pass and enact Strong Legislation that puts America First. I know John very well - he will never let you down. John Barrasso has my Complete and Total Endorsement!”Link to ImagePHOENIX, ARIZONA - FEBRUARY 29: U.S. Sen. John Barrasso (R-WY) speaks during a news conference with Arizona Republican U.S. Senate candidate and far-right election denier Kari Lake on February 29, 2024 in Phoenix, Arizona. (Photo by Rebecca Noble/Getty Images)“I'm grateful for President Trump's endorsement. I'm ready to keep fighting for Wyoming with him back in the White House,” Barrasso told the Daily Caller News Foundation in a statement. “Trump's policies helped Wyoming thrive. Together, we can dump the disastrous Biden agenda and get our country back on track.”McConnell's decision to retire from the position after roughly 17 years in November has prompted numerous shakeups in the Senate Republican leadership ranks.Republican Texas Sen. Jon Cornyn is also competing to succeed McConnell, who said he will serve out the remainder of his Senate term.Senate Republican Policy Committee Chair Joni Ernst is running to replace Barrasso, who holds the next-highest position in leadership than she does. GOP Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas is also vying for the role, but doesn't currently hold an elected leadership position.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic ROME, GEORGIA - MARCH 09: Republican presidential candidate and former U.S. President Donald Trump leaves the stage a the conclusion of a campaign rally at the Forum River Center March 09, 2024 in Rome, Georgia. Both Trump and President Joe Biden are holding campaign events on Saturday in Georgia, a critical battleground state, two days before the its primary elections. A city of about 38,000, Rome is in the heart of conservative northwest Georgia and the center of the Congressional district represented by Rep. Majorie Taylor Green (R-GA). (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)