ToplineNew York Jets quarterback Aaron Rodgers and former Minnesota governor and wrestler Jesse Ventura are some of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. s top options for a running mate, according to theNew York Times, which noted the independent candidate and Rodgers have been speaking for the past month.<figure><figcaption>Rodgers signed with the Jets in 2022. (Photo by Cooper Neill/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsRodgers and Ventura have welcomed the idea of being Kennedy Jr. s running mate, the Times reported, citing two anonymous sources with knowledge of the talks, adding it s not clear if either have been formally offered the position.Kennedy Jr. is still considering a shortlist of other running mates, the Times reported, citing people familiar with the discussions, but talks have not progressed as far as they have with Rodgers and Ventura.Rodgers and Kennedy Jr. were speaking  pretty continuously  for the past month, a source told the Times, while the presidential candidate and Ventura have been in touch since the two were introduced at a campaign event last month.Rodgers is set to make his return as the Jets  starting quarterback in the upcoming NFL season after suffering a torn Achilles tendon in the team s first regular season game last year.Kennedy Jr. s team confirmed to Forbes the New York Times  reporting was accurate.What We Don t KnowIt is unclear whether Rodgers would continue playing in the NFL if he were a vice presidential candidate.Big NumberAbout 15%. That s how many points Kennedy Jr. is averaging in athree-way pollwith President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump.Surprising FactMore Democrats than Republicans would support Kennedy Jr. in six battleground states, according to a November Siena Collegepoll, indicating Kennedy Jr. and his running mate couldpull away more votesfrom President Joe Biden than former President Donald Trump.Key BackgroundKennedy Jr. switched his party affiliation from Democrat to independent in October, laterattracting more independent votersthan Biden and Trump, according to Siena. Kennedy Jr. has been outspoken on the government s response to the Covid-19 pandemic and the rollout of Covid-19 vaccines, pushingseveral unfounded conspiracy theoriesabout the topics before and during his candidacy. Last year, Kennedy Jr. posited that Covid-19 targets Black and Caucasian people and spares Ashkenazi Jews and Chinese people, who he said at a dinner were  most immune  to the illness. Rodgers, meanwhile, hassaidpeople were dying from Covid-19 because of the vaccines and expressed concerns about the vaccine causing fertility issues, though the CDC has said there is no evidence the Covid-19 vaccine causes fertility problems. Rodgers agreed with supportive comments made by commentator Joe Rogan during an episode of his podcast about Kennedy Jr. in which Rogan lauded the presidential candidate's book on big pharma and track record as an environmental lawyer. Ventura first came to prominence in the 1980s as a professional wrestler in the then-World Wrestling Federation (later WWE), taking the name Jesse  The Body  Ventura. He served one term as Minnesota governor from 1999-2003, winning office as a member of the Reform Party the highest office ever held by an active member of the Ross Perot-founded party that briefly counted Trump as a member of its ranks. During his time as governor, Ventura led a sales tax rebate initiative in Minnesota that provided taxpayers with rebate checks and was a supporter of public education and crime reduction, according to theHarvard Institute of Politics.Further ReadingWhy RFK Jr. Could Hurt Biden Against Trump As He Gains Ballot Access In Key Swing State (Forbes)Aaron Rodgers Challenges Travis Kelce To Debate Vaccine Safety With RFK Jr. And Fauci (Forbes)RFK Jr. Launches Independent 2024 Run: Here Are All The Conspiracies He Promotes From Vaccines To Mass Shootings(Forbes)