This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,Happy Tax Day. Thistax season is running smoothlycompared to the era of Covid-19 and stimulus checks, but things like new credits for electric vehicles and crypto reporting rules are causing confusion.If you can t file an accurate tax return by the end of today, don t panic:You can apply for an automatic extension, but remember it s not an extension to pay taxes. Ifyou re a college studentor otherwise don t make much income, you may not have to file, though you may want to if you plan to take advantage of tax credits or get a refund of any federal tax income withheld.And don t forget to look at whether you qualify for the IRS Free File program, or for the IRS  Direct File pilot program. You may not need to spend hundreds on a tax preparation program.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Iranians are waving an Iranian flag and a Palestinian flag as they celebrate Iran's IRGC UAV and missile attack against Israel in downtown Tehran, Iran, on April 14, 2024. Iran has launched dozens of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) and missiles against Israel in response to the Israeli attack on its Consulate in Damascus.Morteza Nikoubazl/NurPhoto via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>World leadersurged Israel to show restraint on Mondayin its response toIran s long-anticipated drone attack on the country, joining the U.S. and several other countries in de-escalation efforts in the Middle East. Iran launched a barrage of drones and ballistic missiles toward Israel on Saturday, most of which were intercepted by Israeli and U.S. forces.On the eve of his criminal trial, Donald Trump attacked Judge Juan Merchan and accused Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg ofhiding or holding back documentsfrom his defense lawyers. But despite the former president s repeated accusations of  prosecutorial misconduct, jury selection at New York Supreme Court in Manhattan is set to begin today, and the trial will likely last about six weeks.BUSINESS + FINANCECompanies that pay out dividendstend to operate in mature industriesand markets that offer limited growth potential, while a smaller firm with more favorable growth prospects may ultimately see greater gains in its share price. ButForbesidentified five stocks with rich dividendsthat are also poised to produce ample capital gains.U.S. Steel announced Friday itsshareholders approved the $14.1 billion sale of the company to Japan-based Nippon Steel, awidely expected move even as the deal faces pushbackfrom regulators. President Joe Biden opposes the deal and has said it is  vital  for U.S. Steel to remain an American company that is domestically owned and operated.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP <figure><figcaption>GUERIN BLASK FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>Steve Schwarzman sguiding philosophy has always been to  go big, and Blackstone, which he founded in 1985 with the late Pete Petersen, is now theworld s largest alternative asset manager with more than $1 trillion in assets. His advice for investors: Look at the macro environment you re investing in to get expectations for performance on a micro level.TECH + INNOVATION   <figure><figcaption> I m a home barista just like the rest of us,  says Emma Chamberlain, who was part of the 2021 Forbes 30 Under 30 class.JAMEL TOPPIN FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>Emma Chamberlain, a 22-year-old YouTube sensation who has becomeone of the most influential creators of her generation, earned some $20 million last year,Forbesestimates. Now, she s using her relatability along with her massive following to scale her startup, Chamberlain Coffee, with products ranging from coffee grounds to matcha powder and recently launched ready-to-drink canned lattes.Unlike its loss-making clothing resale competitors like The Real­Real, ThredUp and Poshmark, Vinted, Lithuania s first unicorn, is turning a profit.Vinted is one of Europe s largest consumer marketplaces,with over $600 million of revenue in 2023, and 100 million users glo­bally.MONEY + POLITICS After multiple failed attempts, theU.S. House approved the renewal of Section 702of the Foreign Surveillance Intelligence Act, which allows intelligence agencies tomonitor foreign citizens abroad who are believed to be a threat to national security. The vote came after Trump earlier in the week urged Congress to  kill  the legislation, incorrectly suggesting Section 702 was used to spy on his campaign.TRAVEL + LIFESTYLE <figure><figcaption>Getty Images</figcaption></figure>The trade group representing the U.S. airline industry is asking the federal government topause the expansion of passenger flights to Chinadue to the  existing harmful anti-competitive policies of the Chinese government.  U.S. tourism officials have yearned for the return of Chinese tourists as many as three million traveled in the U.S. annually pre-pandemic but last year, fewer than 850,000 Chinese visited, according to the National Travel & Tourism Office.TRENDS + EXPLAINERS In his latest round of loan forgiveness,President Joe Biden canceled another $7.4 billion of student debt,pushing ahead with his signature relief programs that face GOP opposition. Most of the eligible borrowers are enrolled in the Saving on a Valuable Education (SAVE) repayment plan, which the White House launched last summer after the Supreme Court torpedoed its widespread debt relief program, as well as people enrolled in the government s public service loan forgiveness program and on income-driven repayment plans.DAILY COVER STORYHow TurboTax Is Using AI To Demystify Taxes For Spanish Speakers<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY FORBES; LVCANDY/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINEWith the April 15 tax federal filing deadline looming today,TurboTax has launched a new Spanish language versionof its tax software that includes every bit of help, explanations and resources that TurboTax s English language products do, thanks to a big artificial intelligence-enabled translation push.There are more than 40 million U.S. residents who speak Spanish at home, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. More than one in five of at-home Spanish speakers said they spoke English either not well, or not at all. Throw in some complicated tax and financial terms, and doing a tax return in English could be overwhelming for millions.The IRS was initially slow to meet the needs of non-English speakers. It provided at least some information in Spanish as early as 1972, but didn t make the basic Form 1040 with instructions fully available in Spanish until the 2020 tax filing year.But more recently, theIRS has made a real effort to ramp up services for traditionally underserved taxpayers, including bilingual ones. The new pilot program that lets taxpayers from 12 states with simple returns file directly with the IRS launched in Spanish on March 12, just a month after its debut in English.There s now a Spanish-language version of the IRS.gov website, which, among other things, allows you to track your refund in Spanish. As for human interaction, if taxpayers call ahead and make an appointment, they can now get translation services in every one of the 338 physical Taxpayer Assistance Centers though some offices may use over-the-phone translation services.Butthe IRS still has a long way to go.Even the most common information returns including Forms W-2 and 1099s can still only be filed in English. And only one of the IRS  s eight private sector FreeFile partners offers a Spanish language option.And you can read or sharethis .WHY IT MATTERS  Taxes can be anxiety-inducing at the best of times,  saysForbessenior writer Kelly Phillips Erb.  Throw in a language barrier or other obstacle and taxpayers may struggle through tax season. Doing what we can toremove some of the burden for taxpayersto comply with a legal obligation feels like a no-brainer. FACTS AND COMMENTSOil and gascompanies drilling on public lands in the U.S.will have to pay a dramatically increased fee per lease, according to a rule finalized Friday from the Bureau of Land Management. It s the first price hike in 64 years:$150,000: The amount companies will be required to pay per lease, up from $10,0001960: The last time the price per lease was updated10%: The share of the nation s oil and gas supplies that comes from products drilled on federal land, per ReutersSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSAmbitious workingmothers say they re often burdened by  mom guilt, as women are often expected toboth excel in their careers and prioritize motherhoodabove all else. For many accomplished women, their self-esteem and identity are intimately intertwined with their professional achievements. It s critical to cultivate self-compassion, and reimagine what success in motherhood and your career looks like.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/36244d2c-90a9-43a8-ab15-9bb9fb4f6104/QUIZAbout 576,000 user accounts were compromised in a cyberattack, a U.S. company announced last week, with hackers making unauthorized purchases on some accounts.What companyis it?A. RokuB. AT&TC. AppleD. VerizonCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMForbesis launching a brand new newsletter dedicated to AI The Promptwill cover the biggest news, buzziest companies and boldest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence.Click here to sign up.