This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,Make sure to look up at the skies today, becauseif you live in the contiguous U.S., you won t have a chance to witness another total solar eclipse for 20 years. What you see and thetiming of the eclipse depend on your location:All of North America will see a partial solar eclipse, but those in the 115-mile-wide path of totality that crosses 15 U.S. states will see a total eclipse. Visitthis websiteto search your location and find out when the eclipse will be most visible.With surges in demand for hotels, rental cars and more in the locations in the path of totality, the U.S.could see a $1 billion eclipse windfall. Just make sure to wear special glasses when viewing the partial eclipse, though if in the path of totality, there is a brief period during the total eclipse when you canremove them to see the sun s corona.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>A mechanical issue forced a Southwest flight to return to Denver on Sunday morning. (AP Photo/Matt York, File)Copyright 2022 The Associated Press. All rights reserved</figcaption></figure>A Southwest Airlines flight from Denver on Sunday morningreturned to the airport after part of the engine fell offduring takeoff and struck the wing flap of the Boeing 737 plane, according to the FAA. Theincident comes at a moment of scrutiny for Boeing, which has faced criticism in recent months after a string of incidents called into question the safety of the manufacturers' 737 Max 9 jets.A total of322 trucks carrying humanitarian aid entered Gaza on Sunday the most in a single day since the war began the Israeli Ministry of Defense confirmed on Sunday. The rapid increase in aid deliveries followsincreased scrutiny on the process after seven aid workerswith World Conflict Kitchen were killed in Israeli air strikes last Monday.BUSINESS + FINANCE TheU.S. added 303,000 jobs in March, well above economists  expectations, and the unemployment rate fell slightly to 3.8%, ashow of the labor market s resilience despite higher interest rates.And wages grew at a pace faster than inflation, allowing Americans to regain some of the spending power lost during the worst inflationary period since the early 1980s.Unprecedented demand for bitcoin from new ETFs from firms like Blackrock and Fidelity is occuring at a time whenbitcoin s supply is becoming increasingly constrained. Plus, an upcoming  halving,  a pre-programmed supply reduction that occurs every four years, will reduce the amount of new bitcoin issued. Analysts think the supply crunch could push the price of the assetto new heights.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>JUSTIN SULLIVAN/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>OpenAICEO Sam Altman landed on this year s of the world s richest people for the first time, but it s not because of the $80-billion-plus valued ChatGPT maker, in which he has consistently asserted he holds no equity. Thelion s share of Altman s wealth comes from startup investmentsthat range from early-career stakes in YC companies, like recently public Reddit and fintech unicorn Stripe, to more recent big bets, like nuclear energy company Helion and longevity startup Retro Biosciences.Russia songoing invasion of Ukraine has been a financial boon for several billionaires,from oligarchs who acquired assets from Western businesses on the cheap to Russian retailers whose sales got a boost when foreign competitors fled the country. There are now a record120 Russians on , worth a collective $537 billion, and 55 of them including Russia s richest person, oil & gas mogul Vagit Alekperov have been sanctioned by the U.S., the U.K. or the European Union.TECH + INNOVATION   Apple laid off more than 600 workers in California, thecompany disclosed in a set of filingswith the state, weeks afterreports of the tech giant canceling its self-driving car project and efforts to build its own Apple Watch displays. The job cuts are the first major set of layoffs the company has carried out since the end of the pandemic, even as tech companies have laid off over 57,000 people in 2024.BillionaireTesla CEO Elon Musk denied that the company is scrapping planstocreate a low-cost electric vehicle something Musk has promoted for years and was expected to hit the market next year after Reuters reported Friday that the company killed the project and would be putting more resources into creating robotaxis. The Reuters exclusive came just days after Tesla reported its first negative quarterly delivery growth since 2020.MONEY + POLITICSPresident Joe Bidenwill reportedly outline a new proposal to wipe out student loan debtfor millions of people as early as this week, hissecond attempt to offer widespread forgiveness for borrowers after the Supreme Court blocked the administration s first effort last year. The plan would use the 1960s-era Higher Education Act to offer forgiveness to several categories of borrowers, including financial hardship for people with low incomes or high loan balances, sources told theWall Street Journal.Entities affiliated with China areusing  deceptive  social media accounts to probe U.S. opinion on divisive issuesin a potential attempt to gather information on how to disrupt elections, according to a new report from Microsoft though their success has been limited so far. Chinese influence operations have also increasingly used artificial intelligence to try and sow political divisions in the U.S. and elsewhere, according to the report.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT <figure><figcaption>Jorge MasMARY BETH KOETH FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>Inter Miami s billionaire ownerJorge Mas made a lucrative bet on Lionel Messiand quickly transformed what was once a last-place club into MLS s second billion-dollar franchise. But as much as Messi s arrival opened a window of opportunity for his team,Mas is faced with an immediate challenge the 36-year-old Messi can t play forever, and his inevitable departure threatens to undo Inter Miami s progress.The20 richest sports owners in the worldare worth a collective $481 billion, a 6% decrease from last year, according toForbes  annual ranking. The NBA is the most represented league on this year s list, with the top spot held by Los Angeles Clippers owner and former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer.DAILY COVER STORYMeet Stephanie Pope, The Woman Trying To Clean Up Boeing s 737 MAX Mess<figure><figcaption>GEOFFROY VAN DER HASSELT/AFP/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>When Stephanie Pope was appointed chief operating officer of Boeing in December, she was a little-known finance specialist who had most recently run the smallest of Boeing s three divisions, devoted to aftermarket parts and services. The surprise promotion was seen as giving Pope the chance to gain the operational experience to succeed CEO David Calhoun in another few years.But withBoeing thrown into yet another crisis in Januaryafter a midair blowout of a panel on an Alaska Airlines 737 Max renewed scrutiny over the safety of its airplanes, change at the top has been accelerated.Under pressure from federal investigations and airline customers furious over delays in receiving their aircraft, Boeing s board announced in late March it would begin searching for a new CEO to replace Calhoun, who said he would leave by year-end. Pope, 51, was abruptly given the job of running the company s commercial airline business.Now itseems less likely that Pope will take over as CEO. Amid criticism that Boeing lost its engineering mojo over the past 20 years under CEOs with a finance background, Wall Street and airlines are clamoring for someone with manufacturing chops to straighten out the company s production problems.And for the same reasons, three industry observers toldForbesthey reskeptical whether Pope is more than a placeholderat Boeing Commercial Airplanes. A Boeing spokesman toldForbesthat Pope wasn t being made available for interviews.But Calhoun and the boardseem to have faith in Pope's abilities. Three former Boeing employees who worked with Pope over the past three decades toldForbesthat she s a formidable leader who has a skillset that could make her effective as CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes.WHY IT MATTERS  With Boeing and Airbus the only two major makers of airliners left after decades of consolidation, airlines are counting on the U.S. company to sort out its production problems,  saysForbes senior editor Jeremy Bogaisky.  And travelers are anxious for reassurancethat its planes are safe. MORE: Boeing s Next CEO: Here s Who Could Succeed David CalhounFACTS AND COMMENTSA 4.8 magnitude earthquake struck the East Coast on Friday,rattling the New York and New Jersey area, though it didn t appear to cause much damage. It wasstronger than a typical East Coast earthquake, as significant earthquakes are more common on the West Coast:More than 400: The number of earthquakes of a 3.5 magnitude or higher that have occurred in eastern North America in the past 50 years, according to the USGS, as of 20212020: The last time such a strong earthquake hit the eastern U.S., when a 5.1 magnitude earthquake rocked Sparta, North Carolina1884: The last time there was a major earthquake with a 5.0 magnitude or higher centered around the New York City areaSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSIf you reworking hard toward your financial goals but not reaching them, consider this advice:Prepare for what you can control and don t try to predict the future. Schedule uninterrupted time to budget when you have the energy to do so, and limit your review of last month s spending to five minutes. Rather than fixating on individual purchases, try to look for trends you can change. And don t forget that things will never go 100% according to plan.QUIZProcter & Gamble is voluntarily recalling over 8 million defective laundry detergent packets due to the risk of them splitting open and children ingesting the pods. The recall includeswhich type of detergent pods?A. TideB. AllC. Arm & HammerD. PurexCheck your answer.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMAs a newsletter subscriber, you have limited-time access to a discounted rate to joinForbesat theUnder 30 Summit Africa! On May 5-8, we are bringing together the most successful young entrepreneurs from around the globe to Gaborone, Botswana and want you to be a part of it..ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet a weekly rundown on top headlines and exclusives in cybersecurity, internet privacy and surveillance with our newsletterThe Wiretap.Click here to sign up.