ToplineGoogle has fired another round of workers in the wake of sit-in protests against Project Nimbus, a cloud computing contract the company has with the Israeli government and military, according tonews reports, after nearly 30 workers at the company were fired following similar demonstrations as Israel s war with Hamas grinds on.<figure><figcaption>Google has fired more protestors involved with an in-office demonstration last week.AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsGoogle has fired at least 20 more workers in connection with protests at company offices in Sunnyvale and New York on April 16, the Vergereported.The company has alreadyfired 28 employeesin connection with the demonstration last week.Jane Chung, a spokesperson for No Tech for Apartheid   the activist group that organized the demonstration and is representing the workers   told the Verge the latest round of firings brings the total number of people fired in connection with the incident to more than 50.The recent firings included  non-participating bystanders,  Chung said,tellingthe Washington Post the firings show Google  is attempting to quash dissent, silence its workers and reassert its power over them. A Google spokespersonconfirmedto Forbes that the company had fired more workers as part of its investigation into the demonstration but stressed  every single one of those whose employment was terminated was personally and definitively involved in disruptive activity inside our buildings,  something the company  carefully confirmed and reconfirmed.  Our investigation into these events is now concluded,  Google s spokesperson said.Crucial QuoteThe latest round of firings comes days after CEO Sundar Pichai addressed the unrest in amemoto employees. While it s  important to preserve  Google s  culture of vibrant, open discussion,  Pichai stressed Google is a workplace with clear policies and expectations for its workers.  This is a business, and not a place to act in a way that disrupts coworkers or makes them feel unsafe, to attempt to use the company as a personal platform, or to fight over disruptive issues or debate politics,  Pichai said. Google has a  duty to be an objective and trusted provider of information that serves all of our users globally  and Pichai urged workers to put disruption aside and put the  mission first  at this critically important time.  When we come to work, our goal is to organize the world s information and make it universally accessible and useful. That supersedes everything else and I expect us to act with a focus that reflects that. Key BackgroundThe protests at Google come as companies, institutions and collegecampusesfaceprotests  againstthe Israeli government and military amid the country s ongoing effort to exterminate Hamas in Gaza. Israel has been widely condemned by aid organizations and the international community as failing to take enough care to safeguard civilians and for stymying the flow of aid into Gaza, with the territory teetering on the edge of famine and tens of thousands of people dead. Both Islamophobia and antisemitismhavesurgedglobally since Hamas  attack on Israel triggered the fighting and the war has threatened to spiral into a broader conflict across the Middle East.Big Number$1.2 billion. That s the value of the Project Nimbus cloud computing and artificial intelligence contract Google has with the Israeli military and government. Google ispartnering with Amazon to deliver the contract, which started in 2021. Details on the contract are not clear but Time has previouslyreportedGoogle as claiming its work with the Israeli government to be largely for civilian purposes such as in healthcare, transportation and education and not involved in  highly sensitive or classified military workloads relevant to weapons or intelligence services. Further Reading