ToplineMembers of the Kennedy family will endorse President Joe Biden on Thursday, the Biden campaign announced, a public show of support and clear effort to undermine their relative Robert F. Kennedy Jr. amid growing concerns his third-party candidacy could pull votes from the Democratic nominee and boost the chances of Republican challenger Donald Trump.<figure><figcaption>Members of the Kennedy political family are set to endorse Biden over relative RFK Jr. on Thursday.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsBiden will accept endorsements from at least 15 members of the Kennedy family at a campaign event in Philadelphia, the Biden campaign announced.The official endorsement is unsurprising given the family s storied position within Democratic politics, their previoussupportfor Biden and their reportedobjectionsto RFK Jr. s views but nevertheless marks a major snub to their family member in his run for president as an independent candidate.Six of RFK Jr. s siblings will endorse Biden, NBC News reported: Rory Kennedy, Kerry Kennedy, former U.S. Rep. Joseph Kennedy II, Kathleen Kennedy Townsend, Christopher Kennedy and Maxwell Kennedy Sr.Kerry, a daughter of former Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy and the niece of former President John F. Kennedy, is set to deliver a speech endorsing Biden, attacking Trump but apparently ignoring her brother, commending the president as  a champion for all the rights and freedoms that my father and uncles stood for. Joseph Kennedy III, Biden s U.S. special envoy to Northern Ireland and the independent candidate s nephew, is also attending and will introduce Biden at the event.Joseph Kennedy IIItoldNBC News his uncle s candidacy is likely to divert support and  siphon votes  from Biden, boost support for Trump and ultimately  poses a threat to the country that I love and the values that I hold. Surprising Fact The Kennedy family has pushed back on RFK Jr. in the past, including forspreading Covid-19 conspiracy theoriesand for a pro-RFK Jr.super PAC adthat imitated a John F. Kennedy presidential ad. While clearly open to opposing RFK Jr. s run for office, the public endorsement of his political rival is clearly a complicated matter for some of the family. In an interview with NBC, Joseph Kennedy III said the endorsement was somewhat  challenging  for the family.  Bobby knows that we stand by him as a family member, while also being able to clearly communicate that his candidacy poses a risk to the country that we love,  he said.  We want to be able to make that case not just for the risk that Bobby s candidacy shows, but because of who Joe Biden is, what Joe Biden has done and what Joe Biden will do with four more years in office," he added. The commentsechothe complicated feeling evinced at other times the family has criticized one of their own.Tangent Several notable members of the family were not endorsing, including U.S. Ambassador to Australia Caroline Kennedy and nonprofit leader Maria Shriver, which the Biden campaign said was due to their nonpolitical professional roles. Key BackgroundBoth Republicans and Democrats fear RFK Jr. s third-party campaign will harm their chances of taking the White House this November. Withpolls indicatingan incredibly tight race ahead, even marginal shifts in the political winds could prove decisive. For Democrats, there are fears RFK Jr. could pull voters from Biden by trading on his heritage as a scion of one of America s most famous Democratic families. Meanwhile, Republicans RFK Jr. s anti-vaccine stance and other political positions could lure voters wanting an alternative to Trump. For both, these fears are magnified given the broad antipathy among voters towards both Biden and Trump, leaving an opening for an independent to exploit.Further Reading