ToplineSouth Dakota Gov. Kristi Noem, responding to public backlash for the second time in three days, claimed on Sunday she did not break the law by killing her unruly 14-month-old hunting dog, a story from herupcoming bookthat has drawn widespread outrage from both parties and the public.<figure><figcaption>Noem is reportedly on the shortlist to serve as Donald Trump s vice presidential nominee.Anadolu via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsNoem said she  can understand why some people are upset about a 20-year-old story of Cricket,  but insists she did not break the law. South Dakota law states that dogs who attack and kill livestock can be put down,  Noem wrote in a post onFacebookandXon Sunday, and added the dog had  shown aggressive behavior toward people by biting them. South Dakota sanimal cruelty lawstill animal owners from subjecting an animal to  cruelty,  which it defines as  intentionally, willfully, and maliciously inflict[ing] gross physical abuse on an animal that causes prolonged pain, that causes serious physical injury, or that results in the death of the animal. South Dakota s law does have an exception that lets owners kill an animal  known to be dangerous, a threat, or injurious to life, limb, or property  (Forbes has reached out to Noem s office for a citation).In any event, it seems unlikely Noem could face any legal repercussions the statute of limitations for Class 6 felonies like animal cruelty only lasts seven years, and Noem said the incident took place when her adult daughter was a child.The Animal Legal Defense Fund ranksSouth Dakota40th in the nation for its laws protecting animals, in what the animal rights group calls the  bottom tier  of states.Chief CriticsNoem s story has drawn criticism from Democrats and Republicans alike and grim jokes at the White House Correspondents  Dinner on Saturday night. Ana Navarro, a former Republican political strategist, said Noem was  auditioning for Cruella De Vil  in a panel on CNN s  State of the Union on Sunday morning. S.E. Cupp, another Republican pundit who also hunts with dogs, pointed out that  there are 592 other things you can do with a dog that won't hunt besides kill it in front of your kid and construction workers.  Conservative commentator Meghan McCain also criticized Noem, writing in apost on X you can recover from a lot of things in politics, change the narrative etc. - but not from killing a dog. All I will distinctly think about Kristi Noem now is that she murdered a puppy who was  acting up  -which is obviously cruel and insane.  The night before, comedian Matt Friend mocked Noem in Trump s voice at theWhite House Correspondents  Dinner, saying he was  killing this dinner harder than Kristi Noem kills the puppies  drawing gasps from the crowd in Washington. Ryan Busse, a Democratic gubernatorial candidate in Montana, criticized Noem as a hunting dog owner onsocial media, writing  anyone who has ever owned a birddog knows how disgusting, lazy and evil this is.  The Democratic National Committee also denounced Noem s actions, writing in a statement in the voice their dogs  our message is plain and simple: If you want elected officials who don t brag about brutally killing their pets as part of their self-promotional book tour, then listen to our owners   and vote Democrat. Key BackgroundNoem recalled the story of killing her 14-month-old hunting dog Cricket in an excerpt of her upcoming memoir obtained byThe Guardianon Friday. In the excerpt, she called her dog  untrainable  after she ruined a pheasant hunt and broke into a neighbor s chicken coop. In response, Noem said she shot and killed Cricket in a gravel pit in front of a group of construction workers. Her daughter tragically asked the South Dakota governor  Hey, where s Cricket?  after returning home from school that day. Noem defended her actions in apost on X, claiming  we love animals, but tough decisions like this happen all the time on a farm. Sadly, we just had to put down 3 horses a few weeks ago that had been in our family for 25 years.  Noem is reportedly on the shortlist to be Trump s vice presidential nominee, but has been embroiled in several scandals over the last year, including asocial media postthat appears to be an infomercial for a cosmetic dentistry business in Texas.Further Reading