ToplineA group of musicians representing nine countries in the upcoming Eurovision competition released a joint statement Friday supporting an  immediate and lasting  cease-fire in Gaza, but announcing their intention to carry on with the competition despite recent calls for boycotts.<figure><figcaption>Olly Alexander poses for photographers upon arrival at the Brit Awards 2024 in London, Saturday, March. 2, 2024. (Photo by Alberto Pezzali/Invision/AP)Invision</figcaption></figure>Key FactsThestatementis signed by Eurovision musicians representing Ireland, Norway, Portugal, San Marino, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Lithuania and Finland, and claims the musicians  do not feel comfortable being silent  in light of the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas in Gaza.The statement issues a wish for  peace, an immediate and lasting cease-fire, and the safe return of all hostages  and claims the musicians  stand united against all forms of hate, including antisemitism and islamophobia. At the same time, the musicians said they  believe in the unifying power of music  and feel they have the duty  to create and uphold this space, with a strong hope that it will inspire greater compassion and empathy. The statement comes as calls forboycotts of Eurovisionhave grown due to the international pop competition s inclusion of Israel, which will be represented by singerEden Golan the Association of Composers and Lyricists of Icelandcalledfor the country s national broadcaster to pull from the competition, with musicians inSweden,DenmarkandFinlandall circulating open letters that gathered thousands of signatures.In the U.K., hundreds of LGBTQ musicians and fans signed anopen letterto Olly Alexander, the U.K. s Eurovision participant, asking him to withdraw from the competition.Alexander was one of the signatories of Friday s statement, but he also released his own statement on social media, saying he  wholeheartedly  supports actions toward a cease-fire, but that after deliberating with otherEurovision contestants,  we ve decided that by taking part we can use our platform to come together and call for peace. Key BackgroundEurovisionis an annual European music competition that draws hundreds of millions of viewers every year, pitting performers representing different countries against each other, competing with huge musical productions. In 2022, the competition s organizers banned Russia from participating following its invasion of Ukraine. Groups that have been calling for boycotts of Israel, like the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic & Cultural Boycott of Israel, have cited that 2022 decision as grounds for Israel s exclusion.ContraMore than 400 celebrities, including Helen Mirren, Gene Simmons and Boy George, signed an open letter supporting Israel s inclusion in the competition last month, arguing that thecompetitionis  a celebration of unity and should not be used as a tool for politics.  In a statement to NBC News, the European Broadcasting Union the event s organizer -acknowledged that artists may want to use their platform for a  call for peace,  adding  all of us working on this year s Eurovision Song Contest are mindful of the strong feelings and opinions surrounding the current conflict in the Middle East. TangentGolan, Israel s performer, unveiled her entry song earlier this month but not without some controversy. The song s name was changed from  October Rain  to Hurricane after criticism over the song title s apparent reference to Hamas  Oct. 7 attack on Israel. Israel also changedlyricsto the song in order to address concern it was overtly political.What To Watch ForThis year s Eurovision competition starts May 7 and will take place in Malmo, Sweden.Further Reading