ToplineFormer President Donald Trump won North Dakota s GOP caucuses Monday   on the eve of the pivotal Super Tuesday contests   marking his ninth win since the primaries kicked off in January.<figure><figcaption>Republican presidential candidate former President Donald Trump speaks at his Mar-a-Lago estate.Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.</figcaption></figure>Key FactsThe Associated Press called the race for Trump at 9:20 p.m. ET, 20 minutes after the caucuses closed at 9 p.m.With nearly 99% of the votes counted, the former president had won 84.6% of the vote.Former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley received only 14.2% of the vote, while Florida businessman David Stuckenberg and Texas pastor Ryan Binkley, who ended his campaign, also appeared on the ballot in North Dakota.Since Trump received more than 60% of the statewide vote, he won all 29 of North Dakota s delegates.Big Number273. That s how many delegates Trump has won so far, of the 1,215 needed to clinch the nomination, compared to Haley s 43.Surprising FactHaleywonher first primary Sunday, in Washington, D.C., with 63% of the vote, compared to Trump s 33%. The district is an anomaly compared to the rest of the U.S. electorate, however, as only 5% of voters are registered Republicans and voters are generally more well-versed in the nuances of national politics.Key BackgroundHaley has vowed to stay in the race at least untilTuesday, when 15 states hold their Republican primaries and 874 delegates are up for grabs. Trump s campaign, meanwhile, predicts he could secure enough delegates to win the nomination as soon as March 12, setting the stage for a likely rematch with President Joe Biden.TangentThe U.S. Supreme CourtruledMonday Trump could remain on state ballots despite his role in the Jan. 6 Capitol riots. The 9-0 decision overturned a Colorado Supreme Court ruling that kicked him off the ballot under a 14th Amendment provision that prohibits people who have taken an oath of office and then  engaged in an insurrection or rebellion against the [U.S.]  from holding public office again. The Supreme Court ruled that states could not unilaterally decide the fate of federal elections,  especially the presidency,  effectively reversing similar decisions to boot Trump from the ballots in Maine and Illinois.Further Reading