ToplineFormer President Donald Trump accused President Joe Biden of hating Israel, the Jewish people and Palestinians and claimed the deadly 2017  Unite the Right  rally in Charlottesville is less serious than the pro-Palestinian protests taking place on college campuses his latest attempt to court Jewish voters.<figure><figcaption>Former US President Donald Trump speaks to the press as he arrives for his trial for allegedly covering up hush money payments linked to extramarital affairs, at Manhattan Criminal Court in New York City on April 23, 2024. (Photo by CURTIS MEANS/POOL/AFP via Getty Images)POOL/AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsTrump said  Charlottesville is like a  peanut   compared to the pro-Palestinian protests, noting that Biden has said repeatedly he was inspired to run for president to heal the country from the divisiveness on display in the 2017 rally in Virginia where white supremacists, self-described ne0-Nazis and right-wing Trump supporters violently clashed with counter-protesters over the dismantling of Confederate statue, leaving one woman dead and dozens injured.The comparison was Trump s latest attempt to blame Biden s increasing frustration with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for enabling pro-Palestinian protesters, alleging Tuesday the contentious demonstrations at Columbia University and other college campuses in recent weeks are  really on Biden,  who he said has  the wrong signal wrong tone .wrong words  and  doesn t know who he s backing. Trump has previously accused Biden of having  totally abandoned Israel,  he told reporters in Georgia earlier this month, after telling conservative radio host Sebastian Gorka in March that  any Jewish person that votes for Democrats hates their religion. Trump s increasingly incendiary rhetoric toward Biden s Israel policies comes as Biden risks angering two core pillars of his base with opposing views of the Israel-Hamas war: progressives who believe Biden has not gone far enough in opposing the violence and some Jewish Democrats who are staunchly pro-Israel.A majority of Jews still identify as Democrats, with that number increasing 8 percentage points since 2020, according toPew Research, and is a critical constituency for Biden.That s especially true in swing states such as Pennsylvania, which has the largest population of Jewish voters of any of the seven swing states and is seen as crucial to Biden s path to securing the 270 electoral votes needed to win the election.Crucial Quote  "Any Jewish person that votes for Democrats hates their religion, they hate everything about Israel, and they should be ashamed of themselves," Trump told Gorka.  The Democrat Party hates Israel. Chief CriticA coalition of Jewish leaders sharply condemned Trump s criticism of Jewish Democrats in the Gorka interview.  Accusing Jews of hating their religion because they might vote for a particular party is defamatory & patently false,  Anti-Defamation League Director Jonathan Greenblattwrote on X, formerly known as Twitter.  Serious leaders who care about the historic US-Israel alliance should focus on strengthening, rather than unraveling, bipartisan support for the State of Israel.  Trump has repeatedly been accused of fueling antisemitism throughout his time in politics. He told an audience at the Republican Jewish Coalition s 2015 Presidential Forum  you want to control your politicians,  which critics say was an allusion to the antisemitic conspiracy that Jews are involved in a shadow campaign to influence society and world order. Trump has also played into conspiracies involving billionaire philanthropist and Democratic donor George Soros that critics say stem from the same trope,suggestingManhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg was motivated to bring criminal charges against him by donations from Soros to a PAC that backed Bragg s 2021 campaign. In 2022, Trump drew bipartisan outrage when he hosted white nationalist and Holocaust denier Nick Fuentes and Kanye West, on the heels of repeated antisemitic rants from the rapper, at Mar-A-Lago for dinner.Big Number22%. That s the share of Americans who say Biden is favoring the Israelis too much in the Israel-Hamas war, according toPew Researchdata that shows Americans are divided in their opinions of the president s handling of the war. Twenty-one percent said he is  striking the right balance,  while 16% said he is favoring the Palestinians too much and 40% said they re not sure.Key BackgroundTrump s attacks on Biden s Israel policies is a play to both his conservative Christian base, staunch Israel backers, and Jewish voters who want the U.S. to show unwavering support for Israel. Biden has treaded carefully in publicly criticizing Netanyahu, making clear he wants to see Israel take a more targeted approach to its military strategy to spare civilian lives, but has stopped short of making any changes to U.S. policy toward Israel. In a statement Sunday marking the Jewish Passover holiday, Biden said his  commitment to the safety of the Jewish people, the security of Israel, and its right to exist as an independent Jewish state is ironclad,  while also condemning harassment and threats against Jewish students on college campuses. Biden signed a $95 billion foreign aid package Wednesday that includes $26 billion in support for Israel and humanitarian aid for Gaza. And while Trump has criticized Biden s response to the war and accused the president of abandoning Israel, Trump has also said Israel should seek a swift end to the conflict and that it is  losing the PR war. News PegColumbia University has been shaken by intense pro-Palestinian protests that reached a boiling point over the weekend when students set up a  Gaza Solidarity Camp  on campus, inciting outside agitators and prompting multiple incidents of antisemitism and harassment of Jewish students. More than 100 protesters were arrested on campus over the weekend, sparking a wave of protests at other colleges in New York and across the country in solidarity with the arrested students. Republican lawmakers in Congress have reacted to the tensions by blaming Columbia University president Nemat Shafik for failing to rein in the protesters, while 27 Senate Republicans in a letter to Education Secretary Miguel Cardona and Attorney General Merrick Garland this week called on the Biden administration to  restore order  to campuses. .ContraThe protests on college campuses are a byproduct of the anger within Biden sprogressive baseover what some view as a failure to take a more hardline stance against Israel s attacks on Gaza. But the Biden camp reportedly views the protests as representative of a small subset of voters who share a sentiment that ultimately will not affect his standing with his younger base,Politico reportedWednesday, citing anonymous campaign aides.  What is happening in Gaza is not the top issue for [young voters]. It s not going to be for the vast majority of young voters the thing that s going to determine whether they vote or how they vote,  one aide told the outlet. While polls consistently show Biden is losing support among younger voters, the Israel-Hamas war does not appear to be a top concern among the cohort. Just 2% of respondents in a MarchHarvard Youth pollsaid the Israel-Hamas conflict was their top concern in the 2024 election.Correction: The story has been corrected to state that Biden's support among Jewish voters has increased 8 percentage points since 2020.Further Reading Trump Says Israel  Losing A Lot Of Support  Urges Israel To  Finish Up  Hamas War(Forbes)Trump Says Israel Must Finish War In Gaza And Is  Losing The PR War (Forbes)Biden Calls Netanyahu s Approach In Gaza  A Mistake  Amid Widening Rift With Israeli Leader (Forbes)