ToplineFormer President Donald Trump said he  will never do anything that will hurt or jeopardize Social Security or Medicare,  walking back his controversial comments made days earlier suggesting cuts to entitlement programs.<figure><figcaption>Former US President and 2024 presidential hopeful Donald Trump speaks during a campaign event in Rome, Georgia, on March 9, 2024. (Photo by ELIJAH NOUVELAGE/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsTrump toldBreitbartin an interview published Thursday he wants to cut government spending generally, but the rollbacks would not include the entitlement programs. There s so much cutting and so much waste in so many other areas,  Trump reportedly said during the interview from Mar-A-Lago Wednesday.The statements contradict his suggestions Monday onCNBCthat  there is a lot you can do in terms of entitlements, in terms of cutting,  adding he would tamp down on  the theft and the bad management of entitlements. Trump s campaign claimed the media and his adversaries selectively  cut his answers short  and said he was instead talking about  cutting waste  generally.The comments drew fierce blowback from President Joe Biden, who said during a campaign speech in New Hampshire Monday  I m never going to allow that to happen. Key BackgroundTrump s comments about entitlement programs this week follow a similar pattern: He has repeatedly suggested in the past he is open to Social Security and Medicare cuts, before quickly downplaying the remarks in the face of criticism. In 2020, he toldCNBCentitlement cuts would be on the table  at some point,  contradicting hispromiseon the campaign trail not to meddle with Social Security. He has accused Democrats of wanting to slash entitlement programs, claiming in a2018 speechthey want to  destroy your Social Security,  while vowing to  save  the program. His budgets as president also included rollbacks to spending on Medicare and Social Security. In 2019, he asked Congress to reduce the Social Security budget, in part, by tamping down on fraud, and requested gradually lowering Medicare spending over a years-long period.Surprising FactTrump also attacked his primary opponents over their records on Social Security and Medicare,highlightingFlorida Gov. Ron DeSantis  votes while he served in Congress in favor of resolutions recommending Medicare reductions over 10 years. Trump s campaign also attacked former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley for her previous support for a plan that would have turned Medicare into a voucher program.TangentDemocrats,for decades, have accused Republicans of wanting to cut Social Security and Medicare, known as the  third rail of politics  for their high approval ratings among the American public. Biden deployed the strategy in his last two State of the Union addresses, telling viewers last week  many of my Republican friends want to put Social Security on the chopping block,  adding  if anyone here tries to cut Social Security or Medicare or raise the retirement age I will stop them! 