ToplineFormer President Donald Trump is likely to take a giant leap toward winning the GOP nomination on Super Tuesday, when 15 states will hold their GOP primary contests setting him up to surge ahead of his final challenger, former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley.<figure><figcaption>Former US President and 2024 presidential hopeful Donald Trump speaks at a "Get Out the Vote" Rally in Conway, South Carolina, on February 10, 2024. (Photo by Julia Nikhinson / AFP) (Photo by JULIA NIKHINSON/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsMore than 850 delegates, or around 70% of the 1,215 needed to earn a majority and clinch the GOP nomination, will be up for grabs Tuesday.Trump s path to the nomination appears all-but-certain as he s leading Haley in polls in multiple major Super Tuesday states, includingTexasandCalifornia, where he has a 64 and 54 point advantages, respectively, according to FiveThirtyEight s polling averages.None of the Super Tuesday states award delegates on an outright winner-take-all basis, so it s unclear how many Trump will net that day, though he enters the consequential primary day with273 delegates, compared to Haley s 43.Trump s campaign predicts he could win the nomination as soon asMarch 12(when Georgia, Washington, Mississippi and Hawaii will hold their primaries), based on calculations combining polling results in upcoming primary states with delegate availability.Which States Hold Primaries On Super Tuesday?Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont and Virginia will hold their GOP primaries Tuesday. The same states, with the exception of Alaska and in addition to Iowa and American Samoa, will hold their Democratic primaries the same day.Big Number2,429. That s the total number of GOP delegates.What To Watch ForHaley, who has vowed to stay in the race at least until Super Tuesday, is likely to face renewed pressure to drop out of the race after the contests. Haleywonher first primary, in Washington, D.C., on Sunday, with 63% of the vote, securing all 19 delegates. Trump has won all other primary and caucus contests in Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, the Virgin Islands, South Carolina, Michigan, Idaho, Missouri and North Dakota.Key BackgroundTrump and President Joe Biden appear to be headed for an unprecedented rematch and a tight race as polls currently show Trump leading Biden by less than three points, according to Real Clear Politics polling average. The Republican Party has largely coalesced behind Trump, despite his multiple ongoing criminal and civil cases, and polls have shown for months it would defy history if Trump were to lose the nomination given his months-long double-digit polling lead.TangentBiden has secured all 206 delegates in the four Democratic primaries that have taken place so far in New Hampshire, South Carolina, Nevada and Michigan. Rep. Dean Phillips (D-Minn.) and author Marianne Williamson are continuing their long shot primary bids, despite winning no delegates. Williamson  unsuspended  her campaign last week after beating Phillips in Michigan s primary Tuesday. The Democratic nominee needs to win 1,968 out of the total 3,934 delegates available to secure the nomination.