Barron Trump, the youngest son of former President Donald Trump, won't serve as Florida GOP's at-large delegate this year, said an announcement made by his mother's office on Friday, according to the Associated Press.The statement followed another announcement earlier this week by Republican Party of Florida Chairman Evan Power saying that the 18-year-old would have served as a Florida delegate at the Republican National Convention in July. Florida will send a total of 41 at-large delegates to the annual national-level gathering in Milwaukee, Wisconsin."While Barron is honored to have been chosen as a delegate by the Florida Republican Party, he regretfully declines to participate due to prior commitments," Melania Trump's office said on Friday. The announcement did not expand on what these commitments are.Other Trump family members, including Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump and Tiffany Trump, were also selected as delegates, ABC reported.News of Barron Trump entering politics received relentless criticism and widespread mockery on social media earlier this week, becoming a trending topic on X, formerly known as Twitter."The same people who mercilessly mocked Malia and Sasha Obama, who weren't even in politics, are big mad that it's now fair game to criticize Barron Trump now that he's an adult who has entered the political arena," a user named @ArtCandee wrote on the platform. "Spare me."The 18-year-old also had some supporters, with some users saying they hoped they were still going to be around for "Barron Trump 2048."Above all, however, the announcement that Barron Trump would be entering politics was surprising: the 18-year-old has so far been kept out of the public eye during his father's presidency and his 2024 campaign, while other Trump family members have been deeply involved.On Friday, Trump talked about his relationship with his youngest son but did not address his nomination as a delegate."He's a great guy. He's a little on the tall side, I will tell you. He's a tall one. But he's a good-looking guy, and he's really been a great student and he does like politics. It's sort of funny, he'll tell me sometimes, 'Dad, this is what you have to do,'" the former president said during a radio interview with Kayal and Company."So anyway, he's a good guy. He's a senior now in high school and he'll be going to college. And you know a lot of these choices of colleges are changing because you see what's going on in the last month, Biden has totally lost control of the country."Newsweek contacted the Office of Donald J. Trump for comment by email early on Saturday.Barron Trump is expected to graduate on May 17 from Oxbridge Academy in Palm Beach, Florida. Donald Trump has been allowed by Judge Juan Merchan, who's overseeing his hush money trial in New York, to attend the graduation ceremony.Donald Trump is expected to be nominated by the GOP as the party's presidential candidate for the November general election, where he's likely to face incumbent Joe Biden.Link to Image
Graphic Barron TrumpJNI/Star Max/GC ImagesBarron Trump is seen at the funeral of Ivana Trump on July 20, 2022 in New York City.