Video of Democratic Senator John Fetterman's response to a constituent made its way across social media on Wednesday as conservatives praised Fetterman for dealing with "deranged leftists", but the climate change activists they're referring to told Newsweek Fetterman "sold out" to oil and gas industries.Pennsylvania holds one of the largest natural gas fields in the United States, which has led to significant pipeline infrastructure development in the state. The expansion of this infrastructure has often been challenged by environmental concerns and local opposition due to the potential impacts on communities and ecosystems. Fetterman, who was elected in 2022, has at times struggled with straddling his commitment to renewable energy and pledging to support the thousands of Pennsylvanians employed by the fracking industry.In a video posted to X, formerly Twitter, the Pennsylvania senator is seen filming a constituent as she is speaking about her concerns regarding the way pipelines are being built in the community."Oh I didn't expect this.. No I didn't, oh my gosh," Fetterman said as he held his phone to film the constituent."I'm from Chester County, Pennsylvania, and I'm really concerned about the way that pipelines are being built in our communities, in our backyards, threatening our lives and water. In 2018, you actually joined us for a protest when you were running for Lieutenant Governor of the pipeline running through Chester County, through my community. Why the change of heart?" the constituent asked.Newsweek has reached out to Fetterman's office via email for comment.In a post on X, right-wing political commentator Richard Hanania shared his praise for Fetterman for dealing with "deranged leftists.""This is glorious. I thought Fetterman wearing shorts was a sign of decline, but he's proved to have the right attitude for dealing with deranged leftists. No guy who puts on a suit is doing this," Hanania wrote on X.In addition, conservative Ian Miles Cheong wrote on X, "Fetterman doesn't care about climate activists. Good."However, Fetterman also received criticism for his response to the constituent. Sunrise Movement, a movement of young people to stop climate change took to X to point out Fetterman's previous stances and recent response."Last week, Fetterman got on Fox News to criticize Biden's liquified gas export pause. In 2018, he had joined Sunrise and @RepDanielle to rally against fracked gas pipelines. When a constituent asked why he flipped, he mocked her, then walked into a member-only elevator," Sunrise Movement wrote on X.In a statement emailed to Newsweek, Sunrise Movement condemned Fetterman's "flip flopping" stance, pointing out the senator's previous involvement in a Sunrise protest."Fetterman has sold out to the oil and gas lobby, who have given him $54,000. In 2016 and 2018, he pledged to ban fracking and joined a Sunrise protest against natural gas pipelines. Now, he's more concerned with pleasing his billionaire donors than protecting the people of Pennsylvania who have pipelines and fracking wells being built in our backyards. His flip flopping is disgraceful and is why so many people, especially young people, feel so pessimistic about politics," Stevie O'Hanlon, Sunrise Communications Director said. Newsweek verified through OpenSource that Fetterman has received $54,395 from "Oil & Gas".In February, Fetterman said he had concerns about President Joe Biden's decision to pause approvals for additional liquefied natural gas plant exports."While the immediate impacts on Pennsylvania remain to be seen, we have concerns about the long-term impacts that this pause will have on the thousands of jobs in Pennsylvania's natural gas industry. If this decision puts Pennsylvania energy jobs at risk, we will push the Biden Administration to reverse this decision," Fetterman said in a joint statement with Senator Bob Casey.The response from conservatives comes after Fetterman was embraced by them in December after stripping away his self-proclaimed title of a "progressive" Democrat.In a December NBC News interview, Fetterman said "I'm not a progressive," despite identifying with the far-left group in the past. In 2016, after losing his first Senate race, Fetterman wrote on X: "We have started a progressive movement here in Pennsylvania."The senator who used to introduce himself at political events as "a Democrat and a progressive," posted on X in December "I'm not a progressive, I'm just a regular Democrat."Fetterman's new political stance seemed to please conservatives who criticized him during his successful Senate run in 2022 and during his early days in Congress.Link to Image
Graphic John FettermanKevin Dietsch/Getty ImagesSen. John Fetterman (D-PA) walks to the Senate chamber at the U.S. Capitol on April 23, 2024 in Washington, DC. Video of Fetterman’s response to a constituent made its way across social media on Wednesday as conservatives praised Fetterman for dealing with “deranged leftists.”