Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis said "there is no one above the law in this country" after winning the Georgia Democratic primary election on Tuesday.Willis, who is prosecuting Donald Trump in his Georgia election interference indictment, beat attorney Christian Wise Smith in her bid for a second term with nearly 90 percent of the vote, according to figures from the Associated Press.In her victory speech, Willis expressed gratitude to her voters. "I am just so humbled and so grateful to the citizens of Fulton County who made this possible," she said."Tonight they delivered a strong and a powerful message. They want a District Attorney that believes everyone deserves to be safe and everyone is entitled to some dignity. And it's a message that's p****** folks off, but there is no one above the law in this country, nor is there anyone beneath it."The ContextWillis won with a higher percentage of the votes than in any of her previous primary races. Fulton County, which includes Atlanta, is considered a Democratic stronghold.However, Willis has come under criticism over her romantic involvement with Nathan Wade, a special prosecutor she hired in the case against Trump who resigned when details of their relationship were brought to light.What We KnowWillis spoke about her safety as well as her record as district attorney, particularly on crime.Her SafetyWillis said that she had been "under constant attack" in recent months, leading her to move out of her home. She said she had to have "bomb dogs" at her house and police support because of threats on her life."All the attacks in the world can't stop us and they will not stop us," she said. "This is a fight for safety, it's a fight for justice but most it's a fight for the rule of law and we are just at the beginning of this fight."Her RivalWillis also launched an attack on her Republican rival Courtney Kramer during her speech."I want you all to understand here and now, my opponent is completely unqualified," she said. "She has less than four years of practicing law. She has never been in a criminal courtroom. But while she is inexperienced and unqualified and does not represent the values of my county, don't get confused, she is a real threat because of who backs her and how they back her. She does not have allegiance to the people of my county. She has allegiance to politics and the powerful interests."She added that Kramer doesn't believe in equal protection under the law and accountability and said she would not work hard as DA.ViewsWriting on X, formerly Twitter, Harry Sisson, a Democrat content creator, celebrated Willis' win, saying he "can't wait" for her to continue "holding Donald Trump and his allies accountable."What's Next?Willis will face Kramer in the November general election as she continues to face scrutiny. Georgia Republican lawmakers are investigating "allegations of misconduct" against Willis related to alleged "potential conflicts of interest and misuse of public funds."Before all that, Willis said in her speech that she would be celebrating her victory by partying and drinking Grey Goose vodka.Update 5/22/24, 6:00 a.m. ET: This article was updated with additional information and background.Link to Image
Graphic Fani WillisJoe Raedle/Getty ImagesATLANTA, GEORGIA - AUGUST 14: Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis speaks during a news conference at the Fulton County Government building on August 14, 2023 in Atlanta, Georgia. A grand jury today handed up an indictment naming former President Donald Trump and his Republican allies over an alleged attempt to overturn the 2020 election results in the state. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)