Michael Cohen takes the stand for a fourth day of testimony in the criminal hush money trial against former President Donald Trump. Newsweek has a reporter inside the courtroom and will bring you live updates below.Former President Donald Trump addressed reporters before walking into the courtroom this morning."It looks like we're gonna have a very big gap between days and it's going to be determined right now in court, but we're here about an hour early today," Trump began."I'm not allowed to have anything to do with politics because I'm sitting in a very freezing cold courtroom for the last four weeks. It's very unfair. They have no case, they have no crime."Judge Juan Merchan is now reading his ruling on the expert witness issue stemming from admissible testimony from former Federal Election Commission commissioner Bradley Smith.Merchan rules that Smith's testimony would fall "under the umbrella of legal opinion" and would require for him to allow the DA's office to bring their own expert to testify about the same legal principles.Trump lawyer Emil Bove thanks Merchan for his guidance, but argues that the definitions Smith would testify about would be "absolutely critical for the jury to understand the allegations in this case.""You've known for months, this is not new," Merchan says. "You've known for months what my position would be." Bove tries to interject. "Just relax," Merchan tells the Trump attorney.Judge Juan Merchan is on the bench. The criminal hush money trial against former President Donald Trump will continue for longer than expected. Merchan expects closing arguments will be next Tuesday, the day after the Memorial Day weekend. Previously, closing arguments were anticipated as early as tomorrow.The prosecution is now arguing against the introduction of emails between Michael Cohen and Robert Costello, calling it heresy. The defense wants to impeach Cohen's testimony through this evidence. Judge Juan Merchan sides with prosecutors. Those communications will not be allowed in.Good morning, it's almost 9 a.m. in New York City.Michael Cohen will take the stand for a fourth day of testimony in Trump's criminal trial in about 30 minutes. Cohen is prosecutors' 20th and final witness. It's still unknown if Trump will take the stand. We expect to learn more about potential witnesses for the defenses this morning.Early start: Court is starting earlier than usual this morning to address issues that need to be taken up before the jury comes in.Several allies are joining Trump in court today, including: South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson, Reps. Eric Burlison, Andrew Clyde, Mary Miller, Keith Self, as well as John Coale, Alan Dershowitz, Will Scharf, Steve Witkoff, Bernie Kerik, Kash Patel, Vernon Jones, Jerry Kassar, Chuck Zito. Inside court, Eric Trump, Alina Habba and Dershowitz are among those sitting in the front row.What does the prosecution need to prove? Prosecutors must prove that Trump knowingly falsified business records relating to Daniels' payment in order to illegally conceal information that could impact his 2016 election campaign.Get caught up:Here's what happened Friday in court.Link to Image
Graphic Michael Cohen heads to courtSpencer Platt/Getty ImagesMichael Cohen, former personal lawyer to Donald Trump, leaves his apartment building on his way to Manhattan criminal court in New York on May 20, 2024.