U.S. Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito claimed that his wife, Martha-Ann, had sole responsibility in displaying an upside-down American flag outside the couple's home in the aftermath of the 2020 election.The conservative justice has come under fire after The New York Times reported Thursday that the symbol—which was used at the time by some supporters of former President Donald Trump to contest the election results—was seen hung on Alito's lawn in Alexandria, Virginia, on January 17, 2021, according to photographs.Trump and his allies have repeatedly claimed that his 2020 loss to President Joe Biden was due to widespread election fraud. The photograph of the inverted flag at Alito's home was captured just 11 days after a mass of Trump's supporters stormed the U.S. Capitol on January 6 while Congress was certifying Biden's win.Alito said in a statement emailed to the Times that he "had no involvement whatsoever in the flying of the flag" and that it was "briefly placed by Mrs. Alito in response to a neighbor's use of objectionable and personally insulting language on yard signs." The controversial report comes a few weeks after the Supreme Court heard arguments on whether Trump is protected by presidential immunity in his federal election subversion case. The high court is expected to issue a ruling in the coming weeks."Judges are supposed to avoid politics," former federal prosecutor Joyce Vancewrote in reaction to the Times report on X, formerly known as Twitter. "Justice Alito doesn't seem to care. When I saw the NYT headline, I thought a vandal had placed the upside down American flag at the Alito's house or the photo was a deep fake. It turns out, that's not the case."In reactions online, other legal experts highlighted Alito's statement that blamed his wife for the flag's placement, including constitutional law professor Anthony Kreis, who teaches at Georgia State University College of Law."'TAKE THAT!,' Samuel Alito said hanging a flag upside down—a traditional and normal way to express anger at a neighbor—before planning to blame everything on his wife, who thankfully, would take the brunt of his bad decisions as the rest of women in America would soon feel," Kreis wrote to X. He quipped in a following post, "This is my theory of the case."Elie Mystal, attorney and justice correspondent for progressive news outlet The Nation, wrote in his own reaction to X, "Always gotta love when 'strong manly republicans for personal responsibility' throw their wives under the bus at the first available moment."Mystal added in a following post that he does "not for ONE SOLITARY SECOND believe" Alito had "no part" in putting up the inverted flag.Newsweek has reached out to the Supreme Court requesting comment from conservative Chief Justice John Roberts. Several emails were also sent to legal experts seeking additional insight.Alito is not the first justice to face questions over his potential partiality to the former president. Justice Clarence Thomas has also faced calls to recuse himself from Trump's immunity case after his wife, Ginni, said that she attended the former president's rally before the January 6 attack. Thomas has also been questioned over his relationship with conservative figures like billionaire GOP donor Harlan Crow, who, according to reports by ProPublica, has paid for several luxurious trips for Thomas and his wife.This is a developing story and will be updated as further information becomes available.Link to Image
Graphic Supreme Court Justice Blames Wife For TrumpSymbolAlex Wong/Getty ImagesUnited States Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito poses for an official portrait at the East Conference Room of the Supreme Court building on October 7, 2022, in Washington, D.C. Alito is facing questions after the New York Times reported that a symbol associated with supporters of former President Donald Trump was spotted outside the justice's home in the aftermath of the 2020 eleciton.