Link to ImageMajorities of Americans delivered more dismal poll numbers to President Joe Biden on two issues that continue to chart at the top of voters' minds ahead of the 2024 election, according to a Friday survey.Nearly 60% of respondents said Biden has “hurt” the cost of living, while 56% said the same of immigration and border security, an AP/NORC survey found. Conversely, only 40% and 37% said the same of former President Donald Trump on the two issues, respectively, ahead of a likely November rematch between the two presumptive nominees.“Considering the price of gas, the price of groceries, the economy - I did very well during those four years,” 60-year-old Christina Elliott, a Texas Republican, told the AP of Trump's tenure. “I didn't have to worry about filling up my tank or losing half of my paycheck to the grocery store.” (RELATED: Trump Is Crushing Biden On The Two Most Important Issues To Swing-State Voters: POLL)A March Gallup survey found that economic problems overall polled as the most important problem facing the country at 30%, followed by immigration at 28%. Numerous polls have shown Trump leading Biden on both issues by double digits, including an Axios/Ipsos poll released Tuesday among Latino voters.Link to ImageGREEN BAY, WISCONSIN - APRIL 02: Former President Donald Trump arrives for a rally. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)The only issues that Americans said Trump “hurt” them more than Biden did were “voting rights and election security,” abortion and climate change, according to the survey. Both were tied at 47% on “relations with other countries,” while more Americans said Biden “hurt” healthcare costs and creating jobs.Trump continues to narrowly lead Biden in the national RealClearPolitics (RCP) average for a head to head matchup, as well as in various battleground states like Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, North Carolina, Michigan and Wisconsin.The AP/NORC poll surveyed 1,204 American adults nationwide from April 4 to April 8 with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.9%.Neither the Biden nor Trump campaigns immediately responded to the Daily Caller News Foundation's requests for comment.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic WASHINGTON, DC - APRIL 03: U.S. President Joe Biden delivers remarks about his administration's work to lower the cost of breathing treatments for asthma and COPD patients during an event with healthcare advocates and stakeholders in the Indian Treaty Room in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on April 03, 2024 in Washington, DC. "Finally, we beat big pharma," Biden said to Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee Chairman Bernie Sanders (I-VT) who Biden credits with helping lower the cost of asthma inhalers from three of the four top companies to just $35 per month starting in June. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)