Link to ImageAn image shared on X purports to show a dog carrying a child's body in its mouth in Gaza. أطفال غزة صارُوا طعامًا للكلاب إلى متى ؟! حسبنا الله ونعم الوكيل #غزة_الآن pic.twitter.com/HxT8t3X4sw - ابو صريح الحداء Abu Sareeh (@alhdaabwsryh1) April 1, 2024Verdict: FalseThe claim is false. The image shows a dog carrying a child's body in Bangladesh, not Gaza, according to an April 2 article from Misbar.Fact Check:Seven World Central Kitchen workers were killed in Gaza following a recent attack by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), according to ABC News. World Central Kitchen CEO Erin Gore called the attack “unforgivable,” the outlet reported.The X image, viewed over 2,000 times, purports to show a dog carrying a child's body in its mouth in Gaza. The image, which bears labels from both TikTok and Instagram, appears to originally be derived from a video. “Gaza's children became dog food,” the image's caption reads in part.The claim is false, however. The image shows a dog carrying a child's body in Bangladesh, not Gaza, according to an April 2 article from Misbar. According to Misbar, Nayashatabdi, a website based in Bangladesh, reported on the image, indicating it shows the Mymensingh Medical College Hospital in mid-January 2023. The hospital was under construction at the time, the outlet reported, citing Nayashatabdi.Likewise, Check Your Fact did not find the image of the dog in any recent credible news reports about Gaza amid the current Israel-Hamas conflict. Additionally, the Palestine Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates has neither commented on the image of the dog carrying the child via its website nor its verified X account.Although the X image shows Bangladesh not Gaza, the Jerusalem Post reported Israeli soldiers were allegedly attacked by “packs of stray dogs inside the Gaza Strip” back in February. (RELATED: Video Shared As Crisis Actors Filming In Gaza Is Actually From Advertisement)Check Your Fact has contacted the Palestine Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates for comment and will update this piece accordingly if one is received.
Graphic RAFAH, GAZA - MARCH 29: People sit by their destroyed homes following Israeli air strikes on March 29, 2024 in Rafah, Gaza. Despite warnings from US President Biden, Israeli forces have targeted the city of Rafah which is currently home to an estimated million Palestinian refugees. According to Gaza's Ministry of Health, more than 32,000 Palestinians have been killed, and over 74,000 wounded in Israel's ongoing bombardment of Gaza starting on October 7. (Photo by Ahmad Hasaballah/Getty Images)