Link to ImageA post shared on social media purports that Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg claimed the cargo ship that hit the Francis Scott Key Bridge helped dismantle racism.Verdict: FalseThe claim is inaccurate. The report stems from a satirical website.Fact Check:A temporary channel was opened at the site of the recent bridge collapse in Baltimore, The Associated Press reported. The Coast Guard opened the channel for crews to clear out steel and concrete.A post shared on Facebook purports Buttigieg claimed that Buttigieg claimed that the collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge helped dismantle racist roads in the country. The post shows Buttigieg standing at a podium with a picture of the bridge collapsing in the upper right corner.The caption reads, “Buttigieg Praises Cargo Ship For Helping Dismantle Racism In American Roads. Thank you, cargo ship Dali, for taking such bold action to dismantle these oppressive structures. Also, I'm gay.' 'Sacrifices need to be made,' Buttigieg said. 'If crippling the national economy and making it more difficult to obtain goods and maintain commerce is what it takes to absolve us of the sins of our racist bridges and roads, so be it. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to catch a flight for my vacation. Chasten is taking me to Turks & Caicos! Eeek!'”The claim is inaccurate. The claim stems from a satirical account called the Babylon Bee.The Babylon Bee clearly self-identifies as satire. A disclaimer on their website reads, “The Babylon Bee is the world's best satire site, totally inerrant in all its truth claims. We write satire about Christian stuff, political stuff, and everyday life.”In 2022 the Transportation Department under Buttigieg launched a $1 billion to instill racial equity into American roads.(RELATED: Does Video Show Explosion At Francis Scott Key Bridge?)This is not the first time misinformation has been shared online. Check Your Fact debunked a claim a video showed a Ukrainian jet being shot down.
Graphic Sec. Pete Buttigieg [Screenshot/CNN]