Link to ImageA video shared on X claims to show a Ukrainian armored column ambushed by Russian forces. from UA Telegram....video of the ambush of the Ukrainian convoy....fast and furious 24. They didn't even have time to fart and it was all over. Those Russian ambush commandos are getting better and better. Video from 404 page pic.twitter.com/rRD9ChM2Ze - Peacemaker (@peacemaket71) March 31, 2024Verdict: FalseThe video is digitally created. It was first spread in 2022, with Check Your Fact debunking claims it showed Ukrainian troops ambushing Russians.Fact Check:Russia's offensive in the east has continued, putting pressure on Ukraine's defensive line, according to CNN. (RELATED: Image Misidentifies Moscow Terrorist Attack Suspect)This video, however, does not show genuine footage of a Russian ambush. Check Your Fact has previously debunked this claim. It also did not show a fictional depiction of a Russian ambush but of a Ukrainian ambush.Check Your Fact previously reported that using “a reverse image search, Check Your Fact found that the clip is from a project by Ukrainian digital artist Pavel Osadchiy. He shared stills from the project on Facebook in June 2022.”“Unfortunately, my unfinished video with Banderamobil got online ahead of time. Originally, he was supposed to collect money for the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Well that's how it worked out,” Osadchiy said.While some people at the time thought it was real, others noted it was CGI.”Hilarious, brilliant CGI of Ukrainian weaponized Lada taking on column of Russian tanks Don'tt know who made this, will credit when I do” one journalist tweeted.While that video is not real, footage released by the Ukrainian 25th Airborne Brigade shows a recent Russian assault that was repelled by the unit.”On Saturday, Russian forces attempted a sizeable armored assault west of Tonenke, Donetsk Oblast  They ran directly into a Ukrainian ATGM free fire zone led by the 25th Airborne Brigade, losing multiple armored vehicles” OSINTtechnical tweeted.
Graphic (Photo by SERGEY BOBOK/AFP via Getty Images)