Link to ImageA post shared on Facebook claims the “Iron Bridge” in Rome recently burned down and collapsed.Verdict: FalseThe image is derived from a video shared on X, formerly Twitter. The original video, shared on YouTube by Reuters, indicates the bridge burned down in 2021, not recently.Fact Check:President Joe Biden will visit Baltimore on April 5 to survey the collapsed Francis Scott Key Bridge, according to The Washington Post. During the visit, Biden will also meet with local and state officials as recovery efforts remain underway, the outlet reported.“BREAKING - The 'Iron Bridge' in Rome, Italy burned down and collapsed, yesterday evening,” the Facebook post purports. The post includes a screenshot of a tweet that shows the bridge on fire.The claim is false. The image is derived from a video shared on X on Mar. 28. The same scene featured in the Facebook image appears at the 0:35-second timestamp of the X video. The X video also claims the bridge burned down recently. The original video, shared on YouTube by Reuters, indicates the bridge burned down in 2021, not recently, however.“A huge fire severely damaged Rome's famed 'Iron Bridge,' with parts of the 19th-century structure plunging into the Tiber,” the video's description reads.Reuters also reported on the fire at the time of the incident, stating it “was fueled by a damaged gas pipe,” according to firefighters. No injuries occurred as a result of the incident, according to the outlet.Likewise, Check Your Fact found no credible news reports supporting the claim that the “Iron Bridge” had recently caught on fire. In fact, the opposite is true. India Today also reported the bridge caught fire two years ago in 2021 via a Mar. 29 article. In addition, The Quint also debunked the claim.Furthermore, the Italian Ministry of the Interior has not publicly commented on the Facebook image that recently circulated via its website or verified social media accounts. (RELATED: No, Vice Did Not Publish This Nonsensical Headline About Baltimore Bridge)Check Your Fact has contacted the Italian Ministry of the Interior for comment and will update this piece accordingly if one is received.
Graphic TOPSHOT - Supporters of the Italian national football team celebrate with the national flag after Italy beat England 3-2 on penalty shootout to win the UEFA EURO 2020 final football match between England and Italy, at the Piazza del Popolo fanzone, in Rome on July 11, 2021. (Photo by Filippo MONTEFORTE / AFP) (Photo by FILIPPO MONTEFORTE/AFP via Getty Images)