Link to ImageThe campaign of Republican congressional candidate Derek Myers of Ohio accidentally sent out a concession release before polls closed in the state on Tuesday.The email with the concession that was erroneously sent out was received by multiple media outlets, including the Daily Caller News Foundation, at 3:18 p.m. EST. Myers, one of 11 candidates running for the Republican nomination in the state's second congressional district to replace retiring Republican Rep. Brad Wenstrup of Ohio, quickly responded to the incident on social media. Attention Press: My campaign comms team has sent out an email in error as we prepare for both possible outcomes tonight. The polls remain open until 7:30 p.m. Please disregard the email. Thank you. - Derek Myers (@DerekMyers) March 19, 2024“Attention Press: My campaign comms team has sent out an email in error as we prepare for both possible outcomes tonight,” Myers posted on X. “The polls remain open until 7:30 p.m. Please disregard the email. Thank you.”Myers later sent out a release explaining how his concession release had been sent out by mistake.“Two emails were prepared for this evening: one declaring a victory and one conceding the race. The concession email was sent in error as it was being loaded into the media distribution portal, as a draft, in the event of a loss. Accidentally, the 'send now' button we clicked instead of 'draft,'” Myers said in the statement posted on X. “The winning email was also drafted, but was not sent in error, thankfully. Anyone who works in communications knows it's not uncommon to have speeches and releases prepared in the event of each outcome, especially on such an impotent night. It's simply good strategy.” Two emails were prepared for this evening: one declaring a victory and one conceding the race. The concession email was sent in error as it was being loaded into the media distribution portal, as a draft, in the event of a loss. Accidentally, the “send now” button was clicked... - Derek Myers (@DerekMyers) March 19, 2024Among the races to be decided in Tuesday's primary election is the one for the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio between businessman Bernie Moreno, Ohio Secretary of State Frank LaRose and Republican state Sen. Matt Dolan. Moreno has been endorsed by former President Donald Trump and many other conservative figures, while Republican Gov. Mike DeWine is backing Dolan.“Whatever the results return this evening, I'll be thankful for this journey,” Myers continued. “And yes, the media will be getting a release sometime after the results roll in, declaring a victory or concession. Thank you.”All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic LOS ANGELES, CA - JUNE 05: Voters cast their ballots at a Masonic Lodge on June 5, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. California could play a determining role in upsetting Republican control the U.S. Congress, as Democrats hope to win 10 of the 14 seats held by Republicans. (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images)