Link to ImageA video shared on X purports to show a child shivering in Gaza amid the current Israel-Hamas War. This broke my heart  Those eyes are questioning the world. “It's cold inside” pic.twitter.com/LVHoOSuhWU - William B. (@The_NightReport) February 21, 2024Verdict: FalseThe claim is false. The video was originally shared on X in January 2024 by a social media user who provides relief to Syria.Fact Check:A United Nations report found “reasonable grounds to believe” that female hostages held by Hamas have been subjected to sexual violence, including sexualized torture and gang rape, according to BBC News. Hamas has denied committing sexual violence against women, the outlet reported.The X video, viewed over 1,000 times, purports to show a child shivering in Gaza amid the current Israel-Hamas War. In the video, the child appears to say she's standing outside because “it's cold inside.” On-screen English captions outline the conversation between the child and an adult who is off-camera.The claim is false, however. The video was originally shared on X in January 2024 by a social media user who provides relief to Syria.“Everything is beautiful in winter except for the displaced #Syrianchildren shivering from the bitter cold in refugee camps,” the video's caption reads. Everything is beautiful in winter except for the displaced #Syrianchildren shivering from the bitter cold in refugee camps. pic.twitter.com/MYDqSLoGmj - Ahmad idlib (@Syriaaaaidlb) January 31, 2024Another post shared on X by the same user in February 2024 shows the child receiving relief items, including blankets, toys, and food. The post includes a photo and a video of the child. (RELATED: Lloyd Austin Claims 25,000 Palestinian Women And Children Have Been Killed As Of Feb. 29)“We visited Amal for the second time and provided her with a warm bed, blankets, food, toys, chocolates, milk and heating materials,” this post's caption reads.Likewise, Check Your Fact did not find the video referenced in any recent credible news reports about the current Israel-Hamas War. In fact, the opposite is true. The U.K.-based outlet Full Fact also indicated the video showed a child in Syria, not Gaza in a Mar. 1 article.Additionally, Palestine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates has not publicly commented on the video.Check Your Fact has contacted Palestine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates for comment and will update this piece accordingly if one is received.
Graphic RAFAH, GAZA - MARCH 02 : Children cry as people mourn while receiving the dead bodies of victims of an Israeli strike on March 2, 2024 in Rafah, Gaza. As of Thursday February 29th, more than 30,000 people had been killed in Gaza since the start of the war on Oct. 7, according to the territory's health ministry. Also this week, more details have emerged of a potential new ceasefire deal that could start before Ramadan, pending further negotiations by Israel, Hamas and foreign mediators. (Photo by Ahmad Hasaballah/Getty Images)