ToplineSome businesses in countries from South Africa to the United Kingdom face criticism for their LGBTQ Pride marketing campaigns and are being slammed as  woke  an American term co-opted and exported as more right-wing activists target businesses that celebrate Pride Month or a range of progressive causes.<figure><figcaption>South African retailer Woolworths forcefully defended its Pride Month outreach. (Photo by: Jeffrey Greenberg/Universal Images Group via Getty Images)Universal Images Group via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsSouth African fashion retailerWoolworths tweetedin support of International Pride Month on June 1, voicing a commitment to  better serve our LGBTQIA+ people and customers  and citing initiatives like creating an internal Pride task team, creating Pride merchandise and adapting its dress policy for employees to accommodate for gender identity, religious and cultural needs.The tweetoutragedsome South African consumers who branded the company  woke  andsaidthey would no longer shop there.In response, Woolworths doubled down in a forcefultweet:  Every person has the right to dignity regardless of their identity - this is a fact enshrined in our constitution. It is not up for debate. New Zealand retailer The Warehouse faced similar online backlash,reportedlyfor selling items from Disney s pride collection, which included a rainbow-colored silhouette of Mickey Mouse and rainbow pens and pencils.Glamour UK facedright-wing online pushback after it featured pregnant transgender man Logan Brown on the cover of its Pride issue, though Brown s appearance was also praised by LGBTQ activists who considered the cover image a way tonormalizeLGBTQ childbearing experiences.Canadian religious activist group, Campaign Life Coalition, led a boycott for parents to keep children home from schools that have flown Pride flags,reportedlyleading to high absence rates on June 1, including nine schools with absence rates exceeding 40% and two exceeding 60% in the Ottawa-Carleton school district.Chief CriticsBritish media personality Piers MorgancriticizedGlamour UKand Brown s gender identity in a tweet that garnered more than 114,000 likes. The magazine was also criticized by American commentators, including pundit Ben Shapiro, whoposteda video criticizing theGlamour UK cover as  pretending a man can get pregnant.  Other conservative social media usersaccusedthe magazine of going  woke. ContraSome social media userspraisedWoolworths for doubling down on its pro-LGBTQ stance andjokedthe boycotts would make for a  more pleasant shopping experience for the rest of us. Glamour UK has also been praised by LGBTQ advocates for its cover story. Imara Jones, CEO ofTransLash Media, a Black trans-led nonprofit media organization,tweetedBrown s cover story will  help normalize queer childbearing experiences.  Brown also defended his appearance on the cover:  I am a transgender pregnant man and I do exist, so no matter what anybody says, I literally am living proof,  BrowntoldGlamour UK.Key BackgroundThese global boycotts follow a longlistof American companies that have been targeted by conservative pundits, politicians and social media users in response to their LGBTQ-inclusive marketing campaigns and merchandise. Anti- woke  boycotts picked up momentum afterBud Lightcame under fire for sending Dylan Mulvaney, a transgender TikTok star, a custom can with her face on it. Outraged social media users targeted other companies, including Target and Kohl s, for their Pride product lines, as well as Adidas and Starbucks for trans-inclusive marketing.Big Number$3.9 trillion. That s theestimatedannual purchasing power of the global LGBTQ community, according to corporate advisory and asset management group LGBT Capital. The United States is estimated to account for $1.1 billion of this total.Tangent Woke  is now best known as a pejorative against anything deemed too progressive, but before it became a global right-wing political buzzword, it originated in Black American communities decades ago to refer to an awareness of racial injustice. The phrase  stay woke  was used as far back as 1938, in the spoken outro of American musician Lead Belly s song  Scottsboro Boys,  a song about the 1931 Alabamacasein which nine Black teenagers were accused of raping two white women. Woke has also been used in a 1962 New York Timesarticleabout how white Americans appropriate Black slang,  If You re Woke You Dig It,  as well as more recent songs including Erykah Badu s 2008 song  Master Teacher  and Childish Gambino s 2016 song  Redbone. Further ReadingNavy Removes Pride Month Posts Amid Right-Wing Backlash  Nascar, Major League Baseball Also Targeted(Forbes)What Does  Woke  Even Mean? How A Decades-Old Racial Justice Term Became Co-Opted By Politics(Forbes)Kohl s Becomes Latest Target Of LGBTQ Culture Wars: Here Are All The Others From Bud Light To Target(Forbes)