ToplineLaw Roach, known for styling celebrities like Zendaya, Ariana Grande and Bella Hadid on the biggest red carpets, shocked the fashion world, elicited support and tributes from former clients, and set off a firestorm of conspiracies by announcing his sudden retirement, cryptically blaming  politics, the lies and false narratives. <figure><figcaption>Law Roach and Zendaya at the Valentino Womenswear Spring/Summer 2023 on October 2, 2022 in Paris. (Photo by Dominique Charriau/WireImage)WireImage</figcaption></figure>Key FactsLaw Roach, 44, earned a reputation as one of fashion s most well-known stylists by working with some of Hollywood s biggest names for high-profile events like the Met Gala and other red carpets.Just days after styling celebrities for the Oscars, Roach announced his retirement Tuesday in an Instagram post that shocked fashion fans and his celebrity clients.Roach is best known for being Zendaya s  image architect  and propelling her to fashion icon status (she became the youngestwinnerof the Council of Fashion Designers of America s Fashion Icon Award in 2021).Zendaya, now known for starring in HBO sEuphoria and films, had her first big role on Disney Channel, and Roachsaid nobody wanted to dress the Disney girl  so he adopted her as his muse and devised a  plan of attack  for her style.At the camp-themed 2019 Met Gala, RoachstyledZendaya as Cinderella and appeared himself as her fairy godmother, her dress lighting up with a few waves of his hand.RoachstyledZendaya for her press tour for 2021 filmDune, creating looks inspired by the movie, and served as costume designer for her 2021 filmMalcom & Marie.Roach alsocreated looksfor 10 stars at the 2021 Met Gala to fit the  In America: A Lexicon Of Fashion  theme, including actress Hunter Schafer, TikTok star Addison Rae, singer Kehlani and Chance the Rapper.Looks curated by Roach made waves on social media as recently as this past Sunday, whereSchaferandMegan Thee Stallion sVanity Fair Oscars Partylooksgarnered hundreds of thousands of likes on Twitter.Otherclientsof Roach included Celine Dion, Kerry Washington, Megan Thee Stallion, Halsey, Tom Holland and Anne Hathaway.Roachjudgedreality competition showAmerica s Next Top Model from 2016 to 2018 and HBO s voguing competition showLegendary from 2020 to 2022.Roach clarified in a series of tweets Wednesday night he would continue collaborating with Zendaya:  We are forever,  Roachtweeted.Roach separated Zendaya from the  politics  and  false narratives  that caused him to retire, stating in atweet:  She s my little sister and it s real love not the fake industry love. News PegAfter Roach s Instagrampost, fans and former clients flooded his comment section with surprise and sadness.  Law I won t let you !!!! We don t quit .. strived to [sic] hard,  model Naomi Campbell commented.  who we fighting? cuz we need you here, love,  rapper Chika wrote. Some praised Roach s decision to step away.  Mental health is first,  reality TV star NeNe Leakes commented.  We all come or go on our OWN terms. If you re done because you want your next role, blessings to you,  actress Niecy Nash wrote.Crucial Quote My Cup is empty .. thank you to everyone who ve supported me and my career over the years. Every person that trusted me with their image, I m so grateful for you all. If this business was just about the clothes I would do it for the rest of my life but unfortunately it s not! The politics , the lies and false narratives finally got me! You win   I m out,  Roachwrotein his retirement post on Instagram Tuesday.What We Don t KnowWhat really prompted Roach s retirement. Some on social media pointed to Zendaya s just-announcedpartnershipwith Louis Vuitton, which some initially thought would freeze him out as her stylist. And avideothatsurfacedlast week of Zendaya taking a seat in the front row at Louis Vuitton s Paris Fashion Week leaving only the second row available for Roach, which some considered a possible dis by Louis Vuitton was analyzed over and over on social media for hidden clues.ContraBut others pointed out that Roach has always been vocal about the racism and political nature of the fashion industry.  You can t talk to me any kind of way and you can t treat me any kind of way. I m commanding a certain kind of respect and if you re not giving me that, we re going to have a problem. I m not afraid of this industry because I m Black, I m from the hood, I can always go back,  Roach previouslysaidin an interview. He has alsostatedthat the fashion industry has an underlying racism, and that he s felt the energy and conversation change when he s stepped into rooms.Further ReadingZendaya s Stylist Law Roach Shocks The Fashion World By Announcing His Retirement(Elle)Justice for Law Roach(Elle)Celebrity stylist Law Roach on dressing Zendaya and 'faking it 'till you make it'(CNN)