This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,There s anew Beatles recordcoming out later this year. And no, opening this newsletter did not suddenly transport you back in time.Paul McCartney announcedthat artificial intelligence was used to  extricate  the voice of the late legend John Lennon from an old demo tape to produce the song.It s yet another fascinating example of the uses ofAI and its implications, fromcourthousesto creative endeavors.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>A judge will allow E. Jean Carroll to amend her first lawsuit against former President Donald Trump to include allegations of defamatory comments made at Trump's CNN town hall.Photo by Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Hours after pleading not guilty to federal charges, Former PresidentDonald Trump made the unfounded claimthat President Joe Biden played a direct role in prosecuting Trump to prevent him from being re-elected in a speech at his Bedminster, New Jersey golf club Tuesday evening. Hevowed to  obliterate the deep state if he is reelected.A federal judge will allowE. Jean Carroll to amend her lawsuitand seek more damages against former President Donald Trump after sheaccused Trump of making defamatory commentsat a CNN town hall the day after a jury found Trump liable for sexually abusing Carroll in a department store and ordered him to pay $5 million in damages.BUSINESS + FINANCEInflationfell to 4% in May, its lowest rate in more than two years, ahead of a crucial Federal Reserve meeting on whether to raise interest rates. It remains above the Fed s 2% goal, with rent prices and the cost of used vehicles being the largest contributors to inflation.Starbucks became the latest brand to sparkcontroversy during Pride monthafter a union for the coffee chain s workersalleged in a tweet that it had banned Pride decorationsin stores. The company denied the allegations.The collapse of a section of Interstate 95 in Philadelphia over the weekendwill have broad economic impacts, leading tohigher prices of goodsfor people on the East Coast, U.S. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg said.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>On Monday, Marc Benioff was back onstage to present Salesforce's role in helping customers "trust" generative AI.COURTESY OF SALESFORCE</figcaption></figure>Salesforce ismaking a push into generative AI, including investing $500 million into startups. The software giant s CEO Marc Benioff promotedtrusted and responsible AIto a crowd at an event in New York Monday, given the concerns about its risks.Theprice of bitcoin has fallento lows not seen since March ascrypto markets reelfrom a devastating one-two punch from U.S. regulators. The Securities and Exchange Commission sued Binance and Coinbase, two of the world s largest crypto exchanges, this month.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>Former President Donald Trump leaves his Trump National Doral resort, Tuesday, June 13, 2023 in Doral, Fla.AP Photo/Jim Rassol</figcaption></figure>Former President Donald Trump surrendered to authoritiesandpled not guiltyto 37 federal charges in the case over his handling of classified documents, including 31 violations of the Espionage Act and several counts accusing him of obstructing the DOJ probe and telling his associates to lie to investigators. Trump spent about 90 minutes in the Miami courthouse, where he was arrested and fingerprinted, but was not put in handcuffs nor did he have his mugshot taken, given his high profile and low flight and security risks.TheCIA reportedly warned Ukrainenot to attack theNord Stream gas pipelines, which connect Russia and Germany and supply Europe with natural gas, months before they were struck last year. The Ukrainian government has denied any involvement in the sabotage.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTIncreasingdiversity will be key to the success of Formula 1 team Mercedes-AMG Petronas and forviewership of the sport, Sir Lewis Hamilton, the sport s only Black driver, and billionaire team principal Toto Wolff, said at the Forbes Iconoclast Summit.DAILY COVER STORYMeet The World s Best Insurance Companies 2023<figure><figcaption>Employees at USAA participate in Zero Day PT, which puts them through the paces of a first day of military boot camp. The experience gives staffers a taste of "what it means to serve" so that they have a better understanding of their military members.COURTESY OF USAA</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE The core ofwhat insurance companies offer, peace of mind, has remained the same, but in recent years the industry has shifted in many ways.There s afocus on digital, app-based transactions. Premiums have risen. An increase in environmental disasters has some companies prioritizing sustainability.Forbesranked the best insurance companiesin 2023 in three areas:homeowners,auto andlife. To compile these first-ever lists,Forbespartnered with market research firm Statistaand surveyed more than 30,000 people in 15 countries between mid-March and mid-April.Respondents rated their insurance company based on criteria such as the advice employees offered, customer service, price performance, transparency and damage service. The companies with the highest scores in their countries made our final lists, which include both well-known large insurance companies with multiple types of insurance as well as smaller more specialized firms.A total of32 companies earned spots on all threelists, including U.S.-based providers USAA, Amica, Erie Insurance and AAA.WHY IT MATTERS Companies are investing in technology to make the claims process quicker, easier and more accurate. Many insurers have developed processes to submit photographs of damage or add a vehicle to a plan on the spot.    Although we re very proud of the service we provide to our members when they call us, 95% of their interactions are via an iPhone or a digital device,  says Brandon Carter, president of USAA s Life Insurance Company.MOREWorld s Best Insurance Companies Methodology: How We Crunch The NumbersFACTS AND COMMENTSStudent loan payments willrestart after Augustfollowing a more than three-year pause. But thelandscape for student loanshas transformed in that time, from forgiveness programs to loan servicing:Over 40 million: The number of borrowers who will return to making loan paymentsOver 40%: The share of borrowers who will have a different loan servicer than they did prior to the pause50% or more: The amount that a proposed income-based student loan repayment plan could reduce some borrowers  monthly paymentsSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSTaking time away from the office to rest and havetime for yourself is critical for your overall well-being. Toachieve a better work-life balance, establish clear boundaries between working and personal time, prioritize and delegate tasks, plan both personal and work activities in advance and incorporate regular breaks during the workday.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6329362364112/QUIZYoung people have attempted tosue several states over their climate change policies. Where is the latest trial occurring that accuses the state of enacting legislation detrimental to the environment and residents?A. WyomingB. MontanaC. MinnesotaD. FloridaCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMThe ForbesWomen newsletter is a weekly digest from Maggie McGrath featuring news and analysis about female entrepreneurs, leaders and investors. Click here to sign-up.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.The ForbesWomen newsletter is a weekly digest from Maggie McGrath featuring news and analysis about female entrepreneurs, leaders and investors. Click here to sign-up.