This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,Last week, we asked you to share your experiences with return-to-work, and you hadstrong feelings about it. Some readers said they were worried about or even left their jobs that started requiring employees to come in several times a week. Others said they choose to work a hybrid schedule to maintain relationships, while some were adamant that there is no substitute for in-person interactions.It s clear in those answers and the headlines that the pendulum is swinging back in the direction of some in-person work, especially in industries like healthcare and real estate. And that s having a ripple effect, including driving updemand for office space in some cities.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Search and rescue operations continue after a tourist submarine bound for the Titanic's wreckage site went missing off the southeastern coast of Canada.Anadolu Agency via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>A Canadian maritime surveillance planedetected  underwater noises early Wednesday in the area where rescue teams are attempting to locate the submersible that went missing while diving to see the Titanic s wreckage, prompting rescuers to relocate their search operation. The sub had about40 hours of breathable air insideas of Tuesday, the U.S. Coast Guard estimated.A federalcourt struck downArkansas ban on gender-affirming carefor transgender minors on Tuesday, concluding the law was unconstitutional as a litany of Republican-led states follow Arkansas  lead and pass similar laws.BUSINESS + FINANCEWhile the collapse of three midsized banks Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank has some consumers uneasy, there are manyadvantages to choosing smaller banks, including personalized service and emphasis on investing in local businesses and causes.Forbespartnered with market research firm Statista and surveyed approximately 31,000 U.S. residents to produce itssixth annual rankingof the Best Banks In Each State.MORE: Credit unions are becoming an increasingly popular banking choice, with thecredit union system s net worth increasingin 2022 by more than $21 billion (or about 10%) to about $233 billion. Check outForbes  ranking ofeach state s best credit unions, or nonprofit financial institutions owned and controlled by the people who use their services.The U.S. subsidiary of cryptocurrency exchangeBinance has avoided an asset freeze that would have made it impossible to do business amid a case brought by the SEC. In exchange, Binance.US agreed to terms ina consent order signed Saturdaythat includes repatriating assets held for the benefit of domestic customers and keeping them under control of domestic personnel.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>John DavisDENNIS VAN TINE/GEISLER-FOTOPRES/PICTURE ALLIANCE/NEWSCOM</figcaption></figure>John Davis is one of Hollywood s most prolific producers, with hits likeI, Robot toDoctor Dolittle, but he might also be thechain-restaurant world s most underrated investor,making millions from fast-growing franchiseslike Wetzel s Pretzels and Dave s Hot Chicken. His playbook for success has four key elements: installing his own management team, lining up deep-pocketed investors ready to spend, taking the biggest ownership stake himself and attaching a celebrity to the brand   LeBron James to Blaze Pizza, Paul Ruddto PopUp Bagels and Drake to Dave s Hot Chicken.TECH + INNOVATIONGannett, America s largest newspaper publisher,accused Google and its parent companyAlphabet ofmaintaining an illegal monopoly over the online advertising space, depressing the prices publishers can charge. News organizations rely heavily on ad revenue, which has been declining for decades as people consume news online, leading to struggles for the industry.In his latest high-profile labor probe, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) haslaunched an investigation into Amazonoverallegations of  dangerous and illegal  working conditionsfor employees inside its distribution warehouses. Amazon said in a statement it has reduced workplace injuries by 23% since 2019. For years, workers have spoken out about unsafe conditions and the media has found disability coverage violations, high turnover and injury risks in facilities, often in the name of efficiency.MONEY + POLITICSA jury trial in the Justice Department s case over former President Donald Trump s handling of classified documentscould convene as soon as August 14.ButTrump s legal team could delaythe start date by filing pre-trial motions and legal challenges to the evidence-gathering process.Hunter Biden will plead guiltyto twomisdemeanor charges of failing to pay taxesand avoid a gun charge, ending a highly politicized Justice Department investigation into President Joe Biden s son as he begins his 2024 reelection campaign. Republicans blasted the plea deal as a  slap on the wrist,  but somelegal experts sayit s stricter than usual.MORE:Here s whyHunter Biden islikely not going to jailfor failing to pay taxes.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTTaylor Swift extended her Eras Tourinto the summer of 2024 withnew dates in Europe, starting in Paris in May and concluding at Wembley Stadium in London. The tour is one of the highest-grossing concert tours in recent memory.Lionel Messi sfirst game with Inter Miami is set for July 21in a home match against Mexican soccer club Cruz Azul in what will be one of themost highly anticipated club soccer matches ever played on American soil. Single resale tickets for the debut game start at around $1,000 on sites like Ticketmaster and StubHub.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSAs rescue teams are in arace against the clock to find the missing submersible, experts say thataquatic searches are a notoriously difficult taskbecause of currents, the ocean floor s ruggedness, limited communication and other factors.  Going undersea is as, if not more, challenging than going into space from an engineering perspective,  says Eric Fusil, an associate professor at the University of Adelaide in Australia and director of the university s shipbuilding hub.OceanGate wasreportedly warned in 2018that its Titan submersible, which is operated from the inside by a single button, didn t meet industry standards andposed a  catastrophic  threat. Thesubmarine was controlled bya$30 Logitech PC controller.MORE: In addition to British mogul Hamish Harding, Pakistani businessman Shahzada Dawood and his son Suleman, 77-year-old diver and Titanic researcher Paul-Henri Nargeolet andthe CEO of OceanGate Expeditions, Stockton Rush are allpassengers on the missing Titanic submarine.DAILY COVER STORYThis AI Startup Wants To Be The Next Nvidia By Building Brain Cell-Powered Computers<figure><figcaption>CORTICAL LABS</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE At Australian-based Cortical Labs, CEO Hon Weng Chong and his team have created a sci-fi innovation: aliving human brain cell-powered computer chip, dubbed DishBrain.For now, DishBrain has learned to play Atari sPonggame. But by combining the extraordinary learning ability of human brains and the processing power of silicon chips, Chong is building biological computers that he claims could potentially work smarter and more efficiently than today s AI.The 35-year-old doctor-turned-entrepreneur says Cortical Labs  biological computer could help test the efficacy and side effects of drugstargeting neurological disorders, such as dementia and epilepsy, and hopes to work with pharmaceutical companies like Biogen and Eli Lilly.Plus, biological computers could significantlycut the energy cost for training AI. Training GPT-3, the brain behind OpenAI s viral chatbot, for example, used an amount of electricity roughly equivalent to that consumed by around 120 U.S. homes in 2021, per a 2021 research paper. The human brain, on the other hand, is said to run on about 20 watts, or enough energy to power an LED light bulb.But Cortical Labs faces bothtechnical and ethical hurdles: so far, no one has built a biological computer that could even compete with a conventional one, and the company faces questions like whether the lab-grown brain cells will become conscious and if they can feel pain and pleasure.Chong says the firm has been working with bioethicists and acknowledges that there s a  humongous technical moat.  But Cortical labs has already gone further than most in trying to commercialize biological computers. By the end of this year, it aims to start generating revenue when it kicks off sales of its biological computers.And by the end of 2024, Cortical Labs will start to provide cloud services, having clusters of 120 biological computers for companies to program brain cells for different tasks, Chong adds.WHY IT MATTERS  In the short-term, Cortical Labs  biological computer brings forth compelling in-vitro solutions that can give further insight into how drugs affect neurons,  Jonathan Tam, an investor at Cortical Labs  backer Horizons Ventures who leads AI-related investments, says in a written response.  In the long-term, these synthetic neurons will offer unprecedented insight into how our brains function, which will unlock pathways intotreating neurological disorders that were previously unsolvable. MOREBillionaire Li Ka-Shing Backs Biocomputing Startup That Takes On AI With Lab-Grown Brain CellsFACTS AND COMMENTSAs thecountry battles a  mental health crisis, a U.S. health panel recommended for the first time thatadults be screened regularly for anxietydisorders. Anxiety disorders are often missed without regular screening in the primary care setting, the panel said, which can delay treatment by years:Under 65: The age group the panel recommended be regularly tested40 million: The number of U.S. adults who suffer from an anxiety disorder25%:The amount anxiety and depression increased globally during the first year of the pandemic, per the World Health OrganizationSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSSociety elevates stories of people who become successful and wealthy at a young age, like Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk, butmany more people are late bloomersin their career. Try to overcome societal pressure to achieve early in life andset your own goals and priorities based on what mattersto you. Remember, success can come at any age: J.K. Rowling was 32 when she published the first installment of Harry Potter, Vera Wang didn t become a fashion designer until age 40, and Julia Child published her first cookbook at the age of 50.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6329801860112/QUIZVideos of people stealing Kias and Hyundais have circulated on TikTok, leading tothefts rising nationwide.Which statemost recently launched an investigation into the auto companies  alleged failure to equip their vehicles with  industry standard anti-theft technology? A. ConnecticutB. New YorkC. CaliforniaD. IllinoisCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMPlanning a summer vacation? Get our Passport newsletter for inspired escapes and insider tips. Sign-up here.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Planning a summer vacation? Get our Passport newsletter for inspired escapes and insider tips. Sign-up here.