This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Happy Friday,Weekend warriors may have noticed you've been receiving aSaturday edition of Forbes Daily, something we've experimented with in recent months. Our data shows it's one of the most-read editions all week.Tomorrow, we'll officially start sending you that same Saturday edition asForbes Weekly, a short roundup of our best journalism from the week. As always, you canmanage your subscription preferencesfor these and otherForbesnewsletters online.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Goldman Sachs is reportedly being investigated by the SEC and Federal Reserve for its role in purchasing Silicon Valley Bank's securities portfolio before its collapse.COPYRIGHT 2021 THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED</figcaption></figure>Jeffrey Epstein communicated with the former first lady of the U.S. Virgin Islands about altering local sex offender laws, easing airport customs and getting visas for "ladies,"JPMorgan Chase alleged in a legal filingThursday. The bank is defending itself against a lawsuit where it isaccused of enabling Epstein's sex traffickingby the U.S. Virgin Islands, where Epstein owned two private islands and a great deal of his sex abuse and trafficking allegedlytook place.Goldman Sachs is under federal investigationover its role in purchasing securities from Silicon Valley Bank weeks before the California bank s abrupt collapse in March in what was thebiggest bank failure since the Great Recession. The SEC and Federal Reserve are reportedly seeking documents into Goldman Sachs  role in purchasing $21 billion of SVB s securities portfolio as the hamstrung regional bank was looking to shore up cash and find a potential buyer, as well as Goldman s role in allegedly advising SVB in raising capital, sources told theWall Street Journal.BUSINESS + FINANCE<figure><figcaption>Brady Dougan, CEO and founder of Exos Financial.PHILIPP SCHMIDLI/BLOOMBERG</figcaption></figure>Binance seems likely toavoid an asset freezethat would have crippled its ability to do business in the United States after afederal judge urged the companyand the SEC to strike a compromise. But the crypto exchange faces a long battle over the SEC s charges that it ignored financial-services regulations, and is also at risk for criminal penalties if the Department of Justice brings its own charges.Brady Dougan, the former CEO of Credit Suisse,launched fintech company Exos Financialas a new digital first bank that would one day challenge incumbents like Goldman Sachs. But five years after its launch, thecompany has struggled to build a sustainable business, and has missed payroll and made layoffs.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPThe number of women and underrepresented racial and ethnic groupssitting on the boards of Fortune 500 companiesincreased to its highest ever percentage, 44.7%, but progress has been  uneven,  according to a new report from Deloitte. Minority women still only hold 7.8% of seats and progress has slowed for Latinos specifically.  We have a way to go until boards truly represent the population and the people they serve,  says Lorraine Hariton, president and CEO of Catalyst, a nonprofit helping companies be more inclusive to women.The Bill & MelindaGates Foundation will donate $50 millionover the next five years and partner with Beijing city government and China s elite Tsinghua University to fight infectious disease.  Low- and middle-income countries bear 90% of theglobal burden of infectious diseases, but only 10% of global spending on drug research and development goes toward diseases that disproportionately affect these populations,  the foundation said.TECH + INNOVATIONGoogle parent company Alphabet iswarning employees not to enter confidential materialsinto chatbots, including its own chatbot Bard, which it is in the process of rolling out in more than 180 countries. Google joins a growing number of tech and other companies that have blocked the use of AI tools for some out ofconcern they could leak sensitive internal data.Intelannounced the releaseof its newestquantum computing chip,  Tunnel Falls , amid competition from Silicon Valley heavyweights like Google and Microsoft to corporations like Honeywell. The quantum computing market alone could top $90 billion, McKinsey estimated, because quantum computing promises to be a game-changer in certain applications such as artificial intelligence and encryption.MONEY + POLITICSTheSupreme Court is set to rule inthe coming weeks, or as soon as today, on two landmark cases that will decide thefate of affirmative action, which could end the decades-long practice of considering race in college admissions. The 6-3 conservative court signaled during itsoral argumentsthat it may be willing to overturn affirmative action, which universities warn could make it much harder for schools to have diverse student bodies.MORE SUPREME COURT:Borrowers are also waitingon the Supreme Court to rule on President Joe Biden s student loan forgivenessplan that could provide up to $20,000 in debt relief for millions if allowed to move forward.Google earned over $10 millionfrom allowing anti-abortion organizations promoting  Crisis Pregnancy Centers  to run misleading ads on its platform, according to the nonprofit Center for Countering Digital Hate. The report describes these  fake reproductive health clinics  as entities that dissuade and shame people seeking abortions and use  scare tactics based on medical misinformation. SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT<figure><figcaption>Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Raymond James Stadium on April 13, 2023 in Tampa, Florida.Getty Images for for TAS Rights Management</figcaption></figure>TheJustice Department told the PGA Tourit willinvestigate its merger with the Saudi-backed LIV Golf over antitrust concerns, making it unlikely that a transaction will take effect for some time. Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, also announced a  wide-ranging  investigation into the merger that could threaten the PGA s tax-exempt nonprofit status.Executives with Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster s parent company,vowed to stop hiding  junk fees  from customersafter the fallout over its handling of ticket sales for Taylor Swift s  Eras  tour. In an event at the White House,Ticketmaster announced it would default to displaying all-in pricesfor venues it owns that include the mandatory fees that often pop up at checkout, and give customers the option to see all-in pricing at other venues.DAILY COVER STORYU.S. Government Owns Way More Bitcoin Than Any Other Country So Why Aren t They Selling It?<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY ANGELICA ALZONA FOR FORBES; IMAGES BY KATSUMI MUROUCHI/GETTY IMAGES, THEPALMER/GETTY IMAGES, SAUL LOEB/GETTY IMAGES, CSA-PRINTSTOCK/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Despite its recent crackdown on crypto, the United States issittingon morebitcoin than any other country. Its stash of 207,189 seized bitcoin is worth$5 billion.While many other countries have been disposing of their crypto, according to new research provided exclusively toForbes, the U.S. has been steadily adding to its supply as a result of asset seizures. Last year, the U.S. held 94% of the bitcoin in global government coffers, or 69,640 bitcoins, according to a doctoral thesis by Sachin Jailty, a general partner at investment advisor Morgan Creek Capital.There are several caveats: the U.S. has disposed of $366.5 million worth of bitcoin holdings in11 auctionsfrom 2014-2023, according to data from software engineer and researcher Jameson Lopp, and the government apparently never bought bitcoin, so while there might have been a conscious decision to keep most of it, theacquisitions were passive.Jaitly believes government ownership of bitcoin is ahedge against inflation. Still, given the size of the U.S. government s balance sheet, it s unlikely that a $5 billion stash would have any meaningful effect.Leslie Sammis, a Tampa-based criminal defense lawyer whose practice includes several Binance seizure cases, says that it is more likely that Justice Department bureaucrats arewaiting for more clarity on cryptocurrenciesin general.  I think they probably have decided that they need Congress to make a law or the Department of Justice needs to come out with some policy before they start moving all those assets around,  says Sammis.WHY IT MATTERS  As United States regulators crack down on Coinbase, the largest cryptocurrency company in America, and Binance, the largest in the world, the U.S government holds more than $5 billion worth of bitcoin,  saysForbessenior editor Michael del Castillo.  Though research from a recent Ph.D. thesis concludes the U.S. is using the asset as a hedge against inflation, other experts say the reasons a nation might hold also include waiting on regulatory clarity or because they just haven t gotten around to it. MORE5 Most Surprising Revelations From The SEC's Binance LawsuitFACTS AND COMMENTSNew studies add more evidence suggesting aCovid-19 infection may increase the riskof developing diabetes, evenacting as a  disease accelerator. Factors caused by the pandemic, like lifestyle changes, directly and indirectly contributed to higher rates of diabetes:37.3 million:The number of Americans who have diabetes, or about one in 1039.7%:The share of patients hospitalized with COVID who also had diabetes283,000: Children and adolescents under 20 who have diabetes, per the CDCSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSHaving an idea doesn t guarantee success:90% of startups fail, according to a report by Startup Genome. Thekey is to find solutions to problemsthat already have a large market of people who are tolerating the status quo because they have no alternatives.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6329495029112/QUIZWhichrestaurant chainsaw its market value surge to $4 billion Thursday after a highly-anticipated IPO?A. CAVAB. Panera BreadC. ChoptD. PotbellyCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet our weekly rundown on the future of climate tech with our Current Climate newsletter. Sign-up here to get tomorrow's edition.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Get our weekly rundown on the future of climate tech with our Current Climate newsletter. Sign-up here to get tomorrow's edition.