ToplineCountry star Garth Brooks will open a Nashville bar this summer, and he s angered some right-wing customers by refusing to join in on the boycott of Bud Light, which has been the target of conservative outrage since its brief partnership with transgender TikTok star Dylan Mulvaney in April.<figure><figcaption>Garth Brooks has previously been criticized by conservatives for performing at President Biden's inauguration. (Photo by J. Kempin/FilmMagic)FilmMagic</figcaption></figure>Key FactsBrooks discussed his new bar named Friends in Low Places, after his 1990 hit single at a Billboard Country Live panel over the weekend,statingit would sell  every brand of beer. He appeared to condemn the boycotts against Bud Light, stating:  If you re an asshole, there are plenty of other places on lower Broadway,  referring to the street in Nashville that houses many bars and tourist attractions.Bud Light faced aboycottand a dip in sales from right-wing customers after it sent transgender social media personality Dylan Mulvaney a customized can with her face on it in early April, though the can was not available for sale, becoming one of many companies targeted for being  woke. Nashville bars owned by musicians Kid Rock and John Richstoppedselling Bud Light and other Anheuser-Busch products after both musicians expressed outrage against the company (Kid Rock posted a video in early April of himself shooting Bud Light cans while yelling profanities about the beer and its parent company).Brooks garnered backlash on social media from conservatives for his plans to sell Bud Light, while supporters praised Brooks and noted he has been a vocal LGBTQ ally for decades.Chief CriticsRep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.)criticizedBrooks on Twitter, stating:  I m sure glad we have Garth Brooks to tell us who is and isn t an asshole.  Music video director and conservative commentator Robby Starbucktweetedto his 340,000 followers they should  never go  to Brooks s bar. Benny Johnson, the former BuzzFeed reporterfiredfor plagiarism and host of The Benny Show, accused Brooks of  turning on the entire fanbase of country music  and  turning on regular Americans  in a YouTubevideo.ContraState Rep. Gloria Johnson (D-Tenn.)praisedBrooks s bar as  a place that respects the human dignity of everyone who enters.  Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Calif.) also praised Brooks on Twitter, stating:  Love one another and don t be an ass-hole   words to live by!  LGBTQ rights activist and former Human Rights Campaign press secretary Charlotte Clymertweetedto her nearly 400,000 followers:  Garth Brooks outright saying transphobia won't be tolerated at the bar he's opening in Nashville is not one bit surprising. He's been an ally to LGBTQ folks since the early '90s. Key BackgroundSome pointed out on social media Brooks has been a vocal LGBTQ ally for decades. Brooks reportedly credited his late half sister, Betsy Smittle, who was gay, with his support for gay rights. In 1993, Brooks released the song  We Shall Be Free,  in which he longs for a future in which people are  free to love anyone we choose.  The song, which also calls for an end to homelessness and racism, was deemedcontroversial: Brooks wanted to debut the music video for the song at the Super Bowl, where he was set to perform the national anthem, but NBC declined to air the clip. Brooks refused to sing the anthem unless NBC played the video, and the network eventually caved.  We Shall Be Free  alsowona GLAAD Media Award. Brooksperformeda duet with George Michael at  Equality Rocks,  a gay rights benefit concert hosted by the Human Rights Campaign, in 2000. Brooks has also comeunder firefrom conservatives in the past: He performed  Amazing Grace  at President Joe Biden s inauguration, which sparked calls for a boycott from right-wing critics including conservative author Brigitte Gabriel.TangentBrooks is the latest victim of a wave of backlash against  wokeness.  In recent weeks, many companies have faced online right-wing outrage for publicly supporting the LGBTQ community and Pride month. After Bud Light faced boycott calls in early April, conservatives have rode the momentum to lead similarprotestsagainst Target (largely based on viral misinformation that a tuck-friendly swimsuit was sold for children, when it was only sold in adult sizes), Kohl s, Nike and Adidas. Country musicians have largely beendividedon issues concerning the LGBTQ community in recent weeks. While Kid Rock, John Rich and Travis Tritt condemned Bud Light over its Mulvaney partnership, singer Zach Bryan defended Mulvaney and the beer brand, stating  insulting transgender people is completely wrong.  Other musicians, including Reba McEntire, Kelsea Ballerini and Maren Morris have spoken out against legislation that targets drag performances.Further ReadingCountry Music Takes Sides On Trans Issues And Drag Shows: Reba, Kid Rock, Shania And More Weigh In(Forbes)What Does  Woke  Even Mean? How A Decades-Old Racial Justice Term Became Co-Opted By Politics(Forbes)Garth Brooks, Cracker Barrel Are The Latest Targets Of LGBTQ Culture Wars: Here Are All The Others From Bud Light To Target(Forbes)