ToplineCalifornia s Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom slammed 2024 GOP candidate and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis (R) on Monday for allegedly sending migrants on a plane from Florida to Sacramento, calling his long-time political rival a  small, pathetic man  and floating possible kidnapping charges against DeSantis.<figure><figcaption>California Gov. Gavin Newsom threatened legal action against Gov. Ron DeSantis (R-Fla.) for allegedly sending more than a dozen migrants to Sacramento.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsNewsom, who has made national headlines for targeting DeSantis, including in his famous  Join us in California TV adlast summer, slammed DeSantis in atweet, saying,  This isn t Martha s Vineyard,  where DeSantis took credit for a controversial initiative to send nearly 50 migrants on flights from Texas and through Florida in September.California s Attorney General Rob BontablamedFlorida for allegedly sending migrants from Texas to California on board a charter flight, saying in astatementhis office is investigating  the circumstances by which  the migrants were flown to California.Bonta s office will also determine  potential criminal or civil action  against any actors that arranged for the transportation, saying:  State-sanctioned kidnapping is not a public policy choice it is immoral and disgusting. News PegMore than a dozen migrants originally from Colombia and Venezuela were sent on a private plane to California, where they arrived carrying documentation  purporting to be from the government  of Florida, Bonta said. Those migrants had been approached in El Paso and told to sign documents before boarding, though they did not fully understand what was written on those papers,according toCalifornia officials, who added the migrants arrived at a church in Sacramento on Friday with papers labeled  Florida Division of Emergency Management  and its contracted transportation company, Vertol Systems Inc. Florida has not taken credit for the flight.Key BackgroundDeSantis came under fire from Democrats and human rights organizations as details emerged last fall about two charter flights carrying migrants from San Antonio, Texas, through Florida and ultimately to Martha s Vineyard, a resort island off Cape Cod. Officials on Martha s Vineyard toldthey had no prior notice of the flights, while the passengers told theandthey werelured by a woman named Perla identified as former U.S. Army combat medic Perla Huerta to board the flights, though she did not say the planes would take them to a Massachusetts island. President Joe Biden chastised DeSantis for  playing politics with people s lives,  while Newsom called for a Department of Justice probe,slammingthe measure as  morally reprehensible.  DeSantis, meanwhile, has maintained the measure was designed to address what many GOP officials describe as a crisis at the U.S.-Mexico border. He s also not the only GOP governor to send migrants north: Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and former Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey alsoled a bussing programto send migrants north to Chicago, New York City and Washington, D.C., where officialscondemned the measure. New York City Mayor Eric Adams (D) initially declared a state of emergency last month, and laterstarted busing migrantsnorth of the city.Big Number$1.56 million.That s how much Florida paid for the migrant transportation program to Martha s Vineyard, which was also operated by Vertol Systems Inc. DeSantisrestartedthe controversial so-called migrant relocation program last month, after Florida lawmakers in February approved another bill earmarking $10 million for the program.Further ReadingDeSantis Reportedly Sending More Migrants To Northern States(Forbes)New York City Begins Busing Migrants To Northern Suburbs Sparking Tensions(Forbes)