ToplineFormer President Donald Trump and his allies are insulting his ex-friend turned 2024 presidential rival Chris Christie with jabs about the former New Jersey governor s weight after Christie launched his campaign for the GOP nomination with a barrage of attacks on Trump, setting himself apart from a candidate field that has largely shied away from even mildly rebuking the GOP front-runner.<figure><figcaption>Former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie speaks at a town hall event at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College on June 6, 2023, in Manchester, New Hampshire. Christie, who filed paperwork earlier in the day to seek the 2024 Republican nomination, announced his candidacy while taking aim at early front-runner former President Donald Trump. It is Christie's second run for president.Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsTrump reposted a video to his Truth Social account on Tuesday of Christie delivering his campaign announcement speech from New Hampshire, interspersed with shots of the former New Jersey governor working a buffet while clutching a plate loaded with food.In the post, Trump asked,  how many times did Chris Christie use the word SMALL? Does he have a psychological problem with SIZE?  This is a reference to Christie s speech, in which he railed about  leaders who have led us to being small . . . by their example  and  the way they conduct themselves. Donald Trump Jr. also took a jab at Christie s weight, tweeting a photo of the Krispy Kreme logo edited to say  Chris Krispie,  which Trump Jr. captioned:  New Chris Christie for President logo just dropped. The MAGA Inc. super-PAC backing Trump also made a veiled reference to Christie s corpulence in a statement from spokesperson Karoline Leavitt predicting that said he  will waste no time eating [Florida Gov. Ron] DeSantis  lunch. Key BackgroundChristie, who broke his decades-long alliance with Trump when the former president contested the results of the 2020 election, announced his second run for the White House on Tuesday, hours after filing Federal Election Commission paperwork declaring his candidacy. In his announcement speech, Christie rebuked Trump as a  bitter, angry . . . lonely, self-consumed, self-serving mirror hog  and compared him to  Voldemort,  the villain from theHarry Potter series. Christie, who ispollingat around 1% in hypothetical GOP primary matchups, has cast himself as the only candidate who is willing to combat Trump head-on. Others in the field have largely shied away from criticizing the former president out of what politicos identify as a fear of deterring voters who are still loyal to Trump. Christie has addressed concerns about his weight in the past, telling ABC News  Barbara Walters in a 2012 interview that suggestions that his size and health disqualify him from being president are  ridiculous. I don t know what the basis for that is," while acknowledging he was  more than a little  overweight.TangentIn addition to Christie, former vice president Mike Pence and North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum also just announced they are challenging Trump for the GOP s 2024 nomination. Trump s campaignreportedlyviews the growing candidate field as a boon to Trump and disqualifying competition for DeSantis.Further ReadingTrump Responds to Chris Christie Attacks With   Fat Jokes(Rolling Stone)Mike Pence Calls For  Different Leadership  In Presidential Campaign Launch: Here s The Full 2024 GOP List(Forbes)Chris Christie Applauded For Trump Digs Here Are The Other GOP Leaders Who Have Strayed From Trump After Midterm Losses(Forbes)