ToplineThe White House will kick off a weeklong push to highlight the impacts of the Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v. Wade with a roundtable discussion Tuesday, where First Lady Jill Biden will talk with women who have been denied medical care in the year since the law s reversal.<figure><figcaption>U.S. President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden arrive for a ceremony honoring the recipients of the 2021 National Humanities Medals and the 2021 National Medals of Arts in the East Room of the White House on March 21, 2023 in Washington, DC. Anna Moneymaker/Getty ImagesGetty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsFour women are expected to speak with Biden and White House Gender Policy Council Director Jennifer Klein about their healthcare experiences sinceRoe v. Wade the Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion was overturned last year,NBC reported.Vice President Kamala Harris will deliver a speech on the one-year anniversary of theRoe v. Wadereversal on Saturday in North Carolina; and she is also scheduled to sit down Tuesday with MSNBC's Joy Reid to discuss what the administration has done to protect reproductive rights.President Joe Biden and Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff will also speak on the issue this week, according to NBC.Key BackgroundSaturday will mark the one year anniversary of Roe v. Wade being overturned. The decision that federally protected access to abortions was decided by the Supreme Court in 1973. Almost 50 years later, in June of 2022, the decision was overturned by a vote of 6-3 with all three of President Donald Trump's court appointees Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh,and Amy Coney Barrett voting to reverse the decision. The abortion issue has repeatedly been categorized as one of the hottest topics on the 2024 campaign trail as Republicans push for strict bans on a state-by-state basis and the Biden administration works to make the procedure more accessible. Major women s groups are expected to make a unified show of support for the Biden-Harris ticket this week as the one-year anniversary of the decision approaches, NBC reported. President Donald Trump was criticizedearlier this yearby one of the nation s largest anti-abortion groups when he said abortion restrictions should be left up to individual states. Rep. Gov. Ron DeSantis is staunchly anti-abortion andsigned into lawa bill approved by the Florida Legislature to ban abortions after six weeks of pregnancy. Candidate and former Vice President Mike Pencehas saidending abortion is "more important than politics," and Senator Tim Scott (R-SC) has dodged questions on the issue,Politico reported.Big Number30%. That s how many voters say they will only vote for a candidate who shares their views on abortion, which includes nearly half of Democratic voters (46%) and more than one-third of women voters (35%), according to a MayKaiser Family Foundation poll.About half of voters (53%) say abortion is just one of many important factors they will be weighing in their decisions during the 2024 election.Further ReadingIowa Supreme Court Blocks Governor's Attempt At 6-Week Abortion Ban(Forbes)Google Earned Over $10 Million From Misleading Anti-Abortion Ads, Group Claims (Forbes)ACLU Sues Nebraska Over Law Restricting Both Gender-Affirming Care And Abortions (Forbes)