!<figure><figcaption>A new analysis by Pew Research Center finds that the share of older Americans who are working has nearly doubled since 1987.getty</figcaption></figure>Older Americans are increasingly clocking into work well into their retirement years. In fact, workers age 75 and older are thefastest-growing group in the workforce, according to a recent analysis by Pew Research Center. The report shows that nearly one in five Americans (19%) age 65 and older were employed this year almost double the percentage who were working in 1987.Why? Older Americans are healthier and less likely to have a disability today. Many need the money thanks to inflation and dwindling savings. And others just love their job and staying busy.  I can t imagine walking out the door tomorrow,  58-year-old Michelle Whiffen told me.New perks such as phased retirement programs are helping employees work longer, too. Whiffen, director of client services at recruitment marketing firm HireClix, says a new program called  flextirement  will let her work fewer hours while keeping her health benefits as she reaches retirement age. Read more about why more older workers are staying in the labor force longer in mylatest story. And read on for more workplace news and career advice.Note: With the holidays upon us, this newsletter will be taking a break. I will be back in your inboxes Tuesday, January 9. Happy new year!WORK SMARTERPractical insights and advice from Forbesstaff and contributors to help you succeed in your job, accelerate your career and lead smarterAre you the  personality hire  on your team?Impress your friends and family with your knowledge of the economy this holiday season withthese tips.If you re struggling with writing your OOO reply email,try this.Want your LinkedIn profile toget noticedCareer ruts happen. Consider these 10 steps tohelp get you unstuck.CAREER ADVICE Q&A<figure><figcaption>(Photo by JP Yim/Getty Images for The Girls' Lounge )getty</figcaption></figure>Shelley ZalisFounder and CEO, The Female QuotientShelley Zalis spent 40 years of her career in market research. In 2015, she founded The Female Quotient, a gender equality collective that works to better the workplace.  I realized it was time to give back with generosity what I wished I had my entire career: a community of women supporting women.  In this Q&A, Zalis shares her career advice for being innovative at work and her recipe for confidence.You call yourself a chief troublemaker. What s your advice for going against the grain?There s two types of people: Those that see the status quo where you follow the protocol, the people before you and what was done before you and then there s those that can see what s possible.For me, I ve always had to write my own rules because when I followed the rules, I always got in trouble. My first review, I thought I was the perfect employee: I came in early, I stayed late. I thought I was a great team player, and I listened to what clients wanted. But in my first review, it was a 10-page written review where the first three lines were nice, but then ripped me to shreds. It said I pushed people out of their comfort zone, I took too many clients to lunch I thought those were good things. I innovated; I colored out of the lines. I was supposed to be an order taker, but I m not that person. That was the first moment that I call my heartbeat moment.Ask yourself: What are you waiting for? Why are you waiting for permission to be told it s the right time to do something? Don t wait for people to tell you whether you re right or wrong because those are the people that only can see what s been done before them. But at some point, someone has to break a pattern and create a new one.How can others build confidence?First, realize there is no corporate handbook that says you can t leave to pick up your children. That is the silliest thing in the whole world. I remember I used to stay until midnight we were twiddling our thumbs. But because you look over and no one s leaving no one wants to be the first to break a pattern you don t want to be the first. But you re not going to get fired by having a life. It s just that if you re the one who s always not around, then there s a problem.Second, believe in yourself. Don t be afraid to bring your unique being and perspective to the table. That s what makes the power of a team: individual value.Third, shut that imposter syndrome off. Reverse it. Every morning, look in the mirror and say,  I m fabulous.  And believe it, own it and go with it. Because there s no such thing as perfect. People are real; people aren t perfect. Perfection is boring. Perfect is perfect in your own beautiful way.TOUCH BASENews from the world of workNew pay transparency laws: Colorado recently expanded its first-in-the-nation pay transparency law, and Hawaii will become thenewest stateto enact pay transparency legislation.Women on corporate boards: Since a California law that mandated women be on corporate boards was ruled unconstitutional in 2022, the percentage of women on corporate boards has started to decrease, senior contributorKim Elsesser reports.Is the risk of segregation in Corporate America growing?: Bill Schaninger and other workplaceexperts warnthat polarized politics could rip apart corporate cultures and DEI progress.Disney, Marvel fire Jonathan Majors: Marvel Studios willnot move forward with future workwith Jonathan Majors, who starred in  Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania,  the Disney-owned studio said Monday after the actor wasfound guiltyof assault and harassment of his ex-girlfriend.Former NASA astronaut Mike Massimino on communication skills training: Senior contributor Carmine Gallospoke with Massiminoabout his new book, public speaking training and more.CHECKLISTAdd these books and videos to your to-do listIn this video, Canada Goose CEO Dani Reiss discusses the headwinds the brand is facing.In The Career Workbook: Fulfillment at Work, you can complete exercises to help you understand your passions and find a meaningful career.NUMBER TO NOTE10 millionThat s how many Americans are estimated to be affected by seasonal affective disorder. Tis the season for seasonal depression. And it s more than just feeling down in the winter months. It s a real, diagnosable mental health condition that impacts everything from physical health to cognitive abilities, writes contributor Nicole Roberts, who shares10 tips for coping.QUIZWhich Big Three automaker has plans to cut roughly 1,300 employees in Michigan?StellantisFordGeneral MotorsHondaCheck if you got it righthere.In this video, Canada Goose CEO Dani Reiss discusses the headwinds the brand is facing.In The Career Workbook: Fulfillment at Work, you can complete exercises to help you understand your passions and find a meaningful career.StellantisFordGeneral MotorsHonda