ToplineYocheved Lifschitz, an 85-year-old Israeli hostagereleasedby Hamas Monday, said she and her fellow kibbutz residents were held captive inside tunnels in Gaza and described her experience as having  been through hell  during a press conference on Tuesday.<figure><figcaption>Yocheved Lifschitz speaks to the media alongside her daughter Sharone Lifschitz outside Ichilov Hospital after she was released by Hamas in Tel Aviv, Israel.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsLifschitz s daughter said the 85-year-old was abducted during Hamas  terror attack on Israel earlier this month, where she was transported by motorbike and sustained multiple bruises and breathing difficulty.The 85-year-old was struck on her ribs with sticks by her abductors, who then took her to a tunnel system that she compared to a spider web.Lifschitz was dismissive of the Israeli government s border protection measures, saying the abductors easily blew up the fences  that cost 2 million dollars to build but didn't help with anything, according toHaaretz.Upon arriving at the tunnel, she was told by her captors that she would not be harmed because they believed in the Quran.Lifschitz said the hostages slept on mattresses inside the tunnels, received treatment for their injuries and were fed the same thing as the captors  cheese and cucumber. Crucial QuoteLifschitz described her treatment by the captors, saying:  They treated us well They cleaned our toilets so we won't get diseases.  She said the hostages spoke with captors but told them that politics was off limits.  They were very friendly to us To their credit, they kept us very clean. They made sure we ate, we ate the same food they did. Big NumberAround 222. That s the number of hostages being held by Hamas in Gaza, according to the Israeli Defense Forces. That includes both Israeli and foreign nationals. That estimate was made before Hamas released Lifschitz and another elderly woman, Nurit Cooper.Key BackgroundDetails about the hostages being held in Gaza have slowly emerged over the past week and the reported number of people being held hasfluctuated. Last week, a Hamas representative from LebanontoldtheNew York Times that the group does not have  exact numbers  of hostages being held in Gaza and said many were being held by other militant outfits in the enclave, including Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Initial numbers released by the Israeli Defense Forces suggested 199 hostages were being held in Gaza, but this number was revised upward to 203 and eventually 222. Last week, a Hamas officialsignaledthe group plans to use the hostages to secure the release of Palestinians from Israeli jails. Since then, the militant group hasreleaseda small number of hostages, including an American mother and daughter 59-year-old Judith Tai Raanan and 17-year-old Natalie.Further ReadingIsrael Confirms Two More Hostages Released By Hamas(Forbes)How Many Hostages Are In Gaza? Israel Says 203 But Hamas Claims It Doesn t Know  Exact Numbers (Forbes)Hamas Releases 2 American Hostages For  Humanitarian Reasons (Forbes)