Today we look at the latest way Charles Koch is trying to influence policy and politics.Charles Koch Has Given More Than $5 Billion Of His Stock To Two NonprofitsCharles Koch is making big moves to ensure that his charities and causes are funded long after he s gone. In an exclusive interview, the 87-year-old chairman and co-CEO of Koch Industries (and the 16th richest person in America, worth $54.5 billion) tellsForbes  Matt Durot that over the last four years he has quietly transferred $5.3 billion of his $125 billion (2022 sales) conglomerate s nonvoting stock to a pair of nonprofits with fewer restrictions on lobbying and politics than traditional charities Most of that has flowed through his Stand Together nonprofit network (formerly known as the Koch Network), which also includes the nearly two-decade-old Americans For Prosperity a  grassroots  organization that has spent tens of millions a year on policy and politics But Koch didn t make gifts of his company stock directly to Stand Together. Instead he chose groups that support the network and are allowed to directly engage in political campaigns and to do an unlimited amount of issue lobbying (as long as those are not their primary activities).From The News DeskInside Dominica, The Tiny Caribbean Island Offering  Golden Passports  To Billionaires And OligarchsSince 1993, the tiny Caribbean island nation of Dominica has allowed foreigners to buy citizenship in a bid to attract more investment into the local economy, reports Giacomo Tognini. The price for a passport is $100,000 invested in a government fund or $200,000 in a government-approved real estate development a cheap proposition for billionaires and wealthy investors seeking a better travel document or a way out of their home countries.Dominican authorities call the program the  fastest, longest-running and most affordable  citizenship by investment scheme in the world. They also claim to run  due diligence checks  on all investors. But a new cross-border investigation, named Dominica: Passports of the Caribbean, found that the country has given passports to at least three Russian oligarchs who have since been sanctioned and a controversial crypto investor now wanted in Singapore.Supreme Court Rejects Defamation Case But Clarence Thomas Still Wants To Make It Harder For Media To  Cast False Aspersions The Supreme Court rejected a case Monday that would have allowed justices to make it easier to sue for defamation, reports Alison Durkee. Justice Clarence Thomas, though, said he still wants the court to consider the issue and argued against letting the media  cast false aspersions  on public figures as he s come under heavy criticism in public reports.Chris Christie Earned More Than $4 Million In The Last Two YearsFormer New Jersey governor Chris Christie reported earning more than $4 million since January 2022 on a financial disclosure form filed last week, reports Kyle Mullins.The 61-year-old s recent riches have come from a range of sources. He declared roughly $700,000 from his law firm and almost $1.7 million in partnership income from his consulting outfit, Christie 55 Solutions. He listed another $475,000 from his gig as an ABC News commentator, more than $400,000 from various corporate director positions and $400,000 from speaking fees. Tack on at least $350,000 from investment income and royalties, and you get more than $4 million.By The Numbers$5 million to $25 millionThe value ofDianne Feinstein s trust, according to a disclosure filed with the Senate this year.10The minimum number ofdebunked conspiracy theoriesspread by presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr.$11.1 billionThe estimated net worth of Anthony Pratt, the Australiancardboard box kingpinwith whom Donald Trump reportedly shared U.S. nuclear secrets.Road To 2024Senior wealth reporter John Hyatt joins Brittany Lewis on  Forbes Newsroom  to discuss Republican presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy and if he would accept a vice president selection.Tracking TrumpEx-Trump Org CFO Knew Size Of Trump s Penthouse Was Inflated, He TestifiesFormer Trump Organization CFO Allen Weisselberg admitted in court Tuesday he was aware the size of former President Donald Trump s Manhattan penthouse was smaller than the company reported, reports Alison Durkee. But Weisselberg claimed not to notice it was listed wrong on financial statements as Trump, his company and business associates stand trial for alleged civil fraud.Forbes  Editor Rebuts Trump s Tirade<figure><figcaption>.Dan Alexander/X, formerly Twitter</figcaption></figure>QuizIn 2022, what value of his Koch Industries stock did Charles Koch contribute to a newly created 501(c)4 nonprofit, often referred to as a  dark money  group?a. $0b. $975 millionc. $4.3 billiond. $5 billionCheck if you got itright here.