!<figure><figcaption>getty</figcaption></figure>Employees may haveanother argument for working remotely: higher revenue growth for companies. Data from hybrid work management startup Scoop found that the average public company that gives employees choice over whether to come into an office alsooutperformed on revenue growthover the past three years by 16 percentage points, compared to companies with more restrictive policies. Add that to the growing list of reasons to have a flexible remote work policy.And as always, read on for more workplace news and career advice. Have a great week!WORK SMARTERPractical insights and advice from Forbescontributors to help you succeed in your job, accelerate your career and lead smarterWant to land a job by the end of the year? Try thesefour steps.I know the holidays are meant for relaxing. But there aresome perksto continuing your job search during these months.If you haven t used ChatGPT to help with your résumé yet,here are tipsto get started.Do you need an executive coach? Ask yourself thesefive questions.Quitting your job can feel awkward, difficult, nerve-wracking. Here show to do it with grace.FEATURED STORY<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY JINHWA JANG FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>Through a tumultuous year in the workplace, there are still thought leaders who are pushing companies forward. Last week, we published our annual Future Of Work 50. The list highlights 50 leaders, executives, thinkers and teams rethinking the world of work at a time when everything from the job market s future to AI s impact to a college degree s value feels more uncertain than ever. From Microsoft s chief accessibility officer to Taylor Swift (yes, you read that right), the list is rather eclectic on purpose. Check it outhere.TOUCH BASENews from the world of workIs the future of hiring pre-recorded videos?: Hiring processes are transforming, and automation is on the rise. You may have had a job application ask you to answer async video interview questions. Contributor Rachel Wells explainswhat this means for your job searchand shares advice on how to stand out.Uber and Lyft agree to pay NY drivers $328M after wage-theft allegations: Uber and Lyft have agreed to pay New York drivers amore than $300 million settlementand increase drivers  benefits after an investigation into the ride-sharing apps found they withheld wages and benefits from drivers, New York Attorney General Letitia James  office said.Middle managers: Good bosses are getting less help than ever. Assistant Managing Editor Diane Brady spoke with Bill Schaninger, an author, consultant and senior partner emeritus at McKinsey & Co., about theperils of cutting middle management.AI is  redefining  sales and service jobs: Salesforce AI CEOClara Shih spokeon how AI copilots are  redefining  the jobs of thousands of customer service and sales representatives.  I think every time there's a disruptive new technology, there are some jobs that end up getting eliminated,  the Future Of Work 50 lister toldForbes, adding that upskilling and embracing AI will be key to stay in the game.Companies with flexible remote work policies outperform on revenue growth: That s according to anew reportreleased by hybrid work management startup Scoop.CHECKLISTAdd these books and videos to your to-do listTiffany Aliche,  Budgetnista,  is known for her book, Get Good With Money. In this video, the finance media personality breaks down the shame surrounding money and shares her tips for budgeting.Want to stand out as a leader? In Be the Unicorn: 12 Data-Driven Habits that Separate the Best Leaders from the Rest, author William Vanderbloemen identifies what it takes.NUMBER TO NOTE37%That s the percentage of workers in a Monster poll who reported changing their view of a colleague based on their political beliefs.In the old days, the workplace felt immune, protected by a well-accepted list of things you simply don't talk about at work: politics, religion and sex. Today, in an increasingly divided world, people s beliefs are no longer under wraps, writes contributor Ann Kowal Smith, who sharesadvice on how to talk to your co-workerswhen the world is angry and divided.QUIZNew legislative measures will restrict employers from taking adverse actions against job applicants based on their off-duty use of cannabis or on the results of pre-employment drug tests that find non-psychoactive cannabis metabolites. As a result, employers in two states must revise their drug testing practicesby the new year and may consider adopting oral fluid screening. Which are the two states that passed these new laws?Illinois and New YorkCalifornia and WashingtonNevada and ArizonaNew York and New JerseyCheck if you got it righthere.Tiffany Aliche,  Budgetnista,  is known for her book, Get Good With Money. In this video, the finance media personality breaks down the shame surrounding money and shares her tips for budgeting.Want to stand out as a leader? In Be the Unicorn: 12 Data-Driven Habits that Separate the Best Leaders from the Rest, author William Vanderbloemen identifies what it takes.Illinois and New YorkCalifornia and WashingtonNevada and ArizonaNew York and New Jersey