ToplineElon Musk and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, newly reinstated to X after a five-year ban, launched a live-streamed chat on Sunday that consistently had over 100,000 listeners and, at various points, featured various polarizing figures, from a presidential candidate to a tabloid figure charged with rape and human trafficking.<figure><figcaption>Elon Musk at The New York Times Dealbook Summit on November 29, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images for The New York Times)Getty Images for The New York Times</figcaption></figure>Key FactsJones, most famous for his conspiracy theories from claiming the Sandy Hook school massacre was faked, the government played a role in 9/11 and the moon landing never happened had his 2018 ban from X (when it was Twitter) lifted by Musk earlier Sunday.Musk, the world srichest person, said during the live-streamed conversation that X should avoid outright bans of people unless users  do something illegal,  and added that he believed X s Community Notes feature would help ensure false information be properly fact-checked.Joining the conversation at various points were the controversial social media star Andrew Tate, whofaces chargesof rape, human trafficking and organized crime; GOP presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy; former Trump White House national security adviser Michael White, who has helped promulgate the QAnon conspiracy; and the alt-right pundit and conspiracist Jack Posobiec.Generally, most simply celebrated Jones s return to X, discussed the importance of free speech and how X should keep the barriers to entry low.Surprising Fact Musk asked Jones to explain why he promoted the conspiracy theory that the Sandy Hook shooting was staged and the families of the victims were paid actors, to which Jones responded that he was simply  covering  an idea others created. He also, several times, reiterated he now believes the shooting did happen.What We Don t KnowWhy Musk changed his mind on Jones. Last year, when asked if he would reinstate Jones, Musk referenced the Sandy Hook conspiracy, and the death of his first child, posting:  My firstborn child died in my arms.  I have no mercy for anyone who would use the deaths of children for gain, politics or fame. TangentJust hours before the chat, and his championing of X s Community Notes feature, Musk suggested it was vulnerable to being manipulated. After Musk questioned the imprisonment of Chilean-American Gonzalo Lira in Ukraineon X, suggesting Lira was arrested just for criticizing President Volodymyr Zelensky, he post was labeled with a Community Note linking to a series of articles explaining the charges against Lira, who was accused of hosting a pro-Russian blog that denied Russian attacks on Ukraine and showed the faces of Ukrainian soldiers, among other content that cast doubt on the Ukrainian military and government. Musk claimed the  note is being gamed by state actors  and said X would work to figure out  who they are. Key BackgroundJones was ordered last year to pay relatives of the 2012 Sandy Hook elementary shooting more than $1.5 billion in damages for claiming the shooting was staged and some of the 20 children murdered were still alive. Jones  tweets were visible again Saturday for the first time since he was permanently kicked off the platform in 2018. The decision follows a poll Musk took Saturday on X that showed 70% of nearly 2 million polled said Jones should be allowed back on the platform. In his first post since his account was made live again, Jones retweeted a post Saturday from Tate that encouraged Twitter users to  tell a globalist to get f -ed  to  show respect to Alex Jones for his triumphant return and to show respect to Elon being a hero.  Jones is among a number of controversial figures who were banned under previous Twitter ownership to rejoin the site, including former President Donald Trump and Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.).