This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,Brace yourself for more layoffs in 2024. This year, companies like Amazon, Google, BlackRock and Citigroup havealready announced they re reducing their workforces,adding to the uneasiness in the job market many felt last year, when 260,000 workers were laid off in the tech sector alone.A recent survey found that 85% of workers are worried they ll lose their jobs this year. Companies are reducing costs amid the rise of generative AI and economic conditions like higher interest rates, though the economy appears headed for a soft landing.The bottom line: The job market has bounced back in the other direction since the frenzy of hiring during the Great Resignation era, and it appears to be continuing that shift this year.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Former U.S. President Donald Trump (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Former PresidentDonald Trump asked the U.S. Supreme Court in a brief Thursday to rule that he s eligible to run for president after Colorado removed him from its primary ballot last month, arguing the high court should put an end to the efforts to disqualify him from the ballot under the 14th Amendment. Arguments in the Supreme Court case will be heard on Feb. 8 while a decision could be made as soon as March 5, theNew York Times reported.The two Georgia election workers whoRudy Giuliani was ordered to pay nearly $150 milliontochallenged his bankruptcy claim and accused him of abusingthe bankruptcy system in a court filing. The former attorney for former President Donald Trump filed for bankruptcy the day after a jury ruled he had to pay the two workers for defaming them, and now is looking to appeal the ruling.BUSINESS + FINANCEReddit is planning an IPO launch in March, per Reuters, which wouldconclude a three-year effort by the social media platformto go public amida choppy IPO market in recent years. If Reddit s IPO is successful, the company would become the first major social media platform to get a public listing since Pinterest in 2019.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>(Photo Illustration by Budrul Chukrut/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Instagram willstart sending  nighttime nudges  to teenage userswho have spent more than 10 minutes on the app late at night, Meta announced, the latest move by the company to try andhelp younger users manage their social media usage. Meta said it was rolling out the nudges because  sleep is important, particularly for young people. Howard Lerman s startup Roam, a  cloud HQ  app thatoffers a simple 2D representation of an office,aims to be a  Marauder s Map  for the office.The app exited its invite-only beta period Thursday, allowing new sign-ups from the public, just as more organizations are returning to the office. With a cost of roughly $10 per user per year, Roam targets remote or hybrid businesses with fewer than 1,000 employees.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer (D-NY) (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>TheSenate and U.S. House approved a new short-term spending billfor the third time this fiscal year toavert a government shutdown, one day before the Friday midnight deadline. The legislation pushes the shutdown deadline for some agencies to March 1 and the rest to March 8.A new Democrat-backed bill wouldsafeguard access to assisted reproductive technology treatmentssuch as in vitro fertilization, or IVF,amid fears that some states  abortion bans could threaten access to the procedures. While the Supreme Court s 2022 decision to overturn Roe v. Wade did not automatically restrict access to the procedures, some state laws could count IVF which discards or freezes surplus embryos as an abortion.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSThelaw enforcement response to the 2022 mass shooting at Robb Elementaryin Uvalde, Texas was  a failure, the Justice Department said in a highly anticipated report. The report added that leadership in law enforcement is  absolutely critical  in challenging moments such as responding to a mass shooting, but the necessary leadership  was absent for too long in the Robb Elementary School law enforcement response. DAILY COVER STORYForget BoredApes And CryptoPunks, NFTs Are Making A Corporate Comeback<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY YUNJIA YUAN FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Last year wasa bleak time for non-fungible tokens (NFTs), whose trading volume plummeted from a record $3.2 billion a week in 2022 to only $50 million in the first week of October as prices slid to fractions of their crypto-boom highs.The tepid activity came two weeks before Nike planned to sell more than 30,000 pairs of its popular Dunks sneakers in a collection linked to NFTs, with an increasingly popular twist that allowed non-blockchain buyers to get in on the action. Unlike virtually all of the previous efforts, buyers could pay by credit card instead of using cryptocurrency.Non-fungible tokens arecreated, bought and sold on blockchains,like cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and ether. But while each currency s tokens are alike, every NFT is unique and can be used to reward users with various perks or be linked to objects in the real world. They can also be traded on numerous secondary markets like OpenSea.The NFT landscape has drastically shifted in the two years since the tokens became part of mainstream art and pop culture. Barely more than a year ago, CryptoPunks, a collection of thousands of pixelated head shots, and the cartoon simians of Bored Ape Yacht Club commanded multi-million-dollar price tags at auction. Now, the most expensive rarely trade for over $100,000.Emerging from the aftermath of the NFT craze are majorcompanies that are embracing the tokens as a cutting-edge marketing device, helping them get closer to existing customers and woo new ones.Sneaker companies like Nike are at the forefront of NFTs  second coming, but they are not alone. While eking out meaningful revenue or profit is a long way off, Corporate America is finding useful ways to employ the unique blockchain-based tokens in their marketing arsenals.Some companies are incorporating NFTs into their products, bringing virtual images to physical reality or even complementing loyalty programs with a blockchain component.WHY IT MATTERS  While NFTs may not be fetching million-dollar price tags anymore, Corporate America hasn't given up on their use,  says Maria Gracia Santillana Linares,ForbesGeneral Assignment Reporter for Digital Assets.  But they areshifting away from the speculative trading pieces into marketing opportunities, taking advantage of public blockchain infrastructure to reduce implementation costs and attract a younger consumer. As EY s head of blockchain Paul Brody says,  We re headed for a future that is more and more NFTs as souvenirs and as public trophies and not as transferrable financial assets.  MORE: Requiem For Royalties: NFT Exchanges Abandon Recurring Compensation For ArtistsFACTS AND COMMENTSHundreds of medications, including popular weight loss and diabetes drug Ozempic, saw anincrease in their median list price, according to aWall Street Journalreport. That meanscopays may increase for consumers:775:The number of brand name drugs that drugmakers increased list prices for during the month of January4.5%:The median price hike of the drugs, greater than the 3.4% rate of inflation in 2023Nearly $970: The new cost of Ozempic, a price increase of 3.5%STRATEGY AND SUCCESSClimbing the ladderisn t the only way to advance your career:Sometimes a lateral move can make sense. It can be a good way to acquire new skills, increase your visibility in an organization, work for a different boss or move to a role with more job security. It s also a way to get a change of pace at work without necessarily taking on more responsibility.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6345131948112/QUIZBillionaire Ronda Stryker and her husband William Johnston will donate $100 million to a historically Black college, in what the school called the single largest donation ever to an HBCU.What school is it?A. Howard UniversityB. Morehouse CollegeC. Tuskegee UniversityD. Spelman CollegeCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet the Crypto Confidential newsletter for a weekly rundown on all things crypto. Sign up here.Get the Crypto Confidential newsletter for a weekly rundown on all things crypto. Sign up here.