This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,A major focus of labor movements over the last few months has been artificial intelligence. Hollywood writers and actors went on strike for months partly due to concerns AI could be used to write scripts or replace actors, for instance.But on Monday,AFL-CIO launched an unusual partnershipwith one of the leaders in the AI space: Microsoft. Thegoal is to train workers and leaders on how artificial intelligence is usedin the workplace, and workers and union leaders will share feedback and concerns.According to a survey commissioned by AFL-CIO, 70% of people are concerned about AI displacing workers, and women are especially worried it could  exacerbate inequity on the job. BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>President Donald J. Trump uses his cellphone as he participates in a roundtable discussion with Governors and small business owners on the reopening of Americas small businesses in the State Dinning Room at the White House on Thursday, June 18, 2020 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post via Getty Images)The Washington Post via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Federal prosecutors revealed late Monday that a tech expert hasanalyzedimages and web history from the White House cell phoneused by former President Donald Trump, and will presentevidence on how he used his phone ahead of the Jan. 6 riot. The DOJ says it also  specifically identified the periods of time during which the defendant s phone was unlocked and the Twitter application was open on January 6.  Earlier this year, court documents revealed the DOJ was given access to Trump's account on X, formerly known as Twitter.MORE: The Supreme Court will consider a Justice Department petition filed Mondayasking the high court to decide whether Trump is immune from criminal chargesfor trying to overturn the 2020 election. The former president has until Dec. 20 to respond to the request filed by Special Counsel Jack Smith, who asked the Supreme Court to consider Trump s immunity before the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals rules.AstraZeneca hasagreed to acquire U.S.-based vaccine developer Icosavaxfor $1.1 billion, the companies announced Tuesday. Icosavax is in the process of testing a vaccine candidate called IVX-A12, which is designed to target both Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) and human metapneumovirus (hMPV). AstraZeneca said theacquisition deal includes an upfront cash offer of $15 per sharefor the vaccine developer, a nearly 43% premium over Icosavax's share price of $10.50 on Monday.BUSINESS + FINANCEJob seekers areusing AI programs like ChatGPT to apply to more rolesthan years before, and the increase is inundating recruiters, leaving companies to sort through a flood of résumés.But AI could also be making it harder for those job seekers, as AI-assisted applications raise the bar for getting noticed and increase chances of getting missed amid the deluge of candidates.A group of investors reportedly put forth a$5.8 billion bid to buy Macy s and take it private,leading Macy s stock to surge more than 20%in pre-market trading Monday. Even though the investors offered a significant premium compared to the company s current stock price, Macy s valuation is still nowhere near its all-time high in mid-2015, as the company has been unable to take on e-commerce giants like Amazon.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPThe100 organizations on received more than $61 billion in private donations in their most recently reported fiscal years,bucking a 3% decline in all charitable giving among the country s nonprofits, according to the Giving USA Foundation. One venerable name is back on the list this year:United Negro College Fund, the nearly 80-year-old Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit that raises money for scholarships and for private historically Black colleges and universities, which took in $354 million in donations nearly six times the amount in the last pre-pandemic year of 2019.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Armada founders Dan Wright and Jon RunyanArmada</figcaption></figure>On oil rigs and remote mines, one basic problem slows the easy use of exciting new AI models: data.One-year-old startup Armadais leveraging a  close collaboration  with Elon Musk s SpaceX to create what it believes is the solution: a full-stack technology platform that bringsAI grade computing capabilities to industrial devices. It has no customers beyond a proof-of-concept trial, but investors are bullish, and its valuation is approaching $250 million, a source with knowledge toldForbes.Sila, a maker of battery materials cofounded and led by a former Tesla engineer, willsupply its silicone anode material to Panasonic s U.S. batteryplants, and the startup says it canboost range and cut charging time for electric vehicles. The EV market is still heavily reliant on anodes, cathodes and graphite vital components largely made in China, South Korea or Japan and companies like Sila are trying to jumpstart a domestic supply base for those essential materials.MONEY + POLITICSFormerRep. George Santos (R-N.Y.) is in discussions with federal prosecutorsto take a plea deal in the case charging him with 23 fraud-related countsalleging he stole from donors and lied on his required financial disclosure form, according to a new court filing. Santos was charged earlier this year with a wide-ranging scheme prosecutors say was designed to defraud and steal from his campaign donors and use the money on his own personal expenses. He was expelled from Congress on Dec. 1.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT<figure><figcaption>Ryan Gosling, left, and Margot Robbie pose for photographers upon arrival at the premiere of the film 'Barbie' on July 12, 2023, in London. (Scott Garfitt/Invision/AP, File)Invision</figcaption></figure>BarbieandOppenheimer continued their domination at the box office and beyondthis year asGolden Globe nominations were released Monday morning.Barbieearned nine nominations, including for Best Motion Picture Comedy or Musical, tying it for the second most nominated film of all time, andOppenheimerbrought in eight.Netflix isexpanding its live sports programming next yearto include a tennis match with two of the sport s biggest stars Rafael Nadal and Carlos Alcaraz asmore streaming services grow their offers for live sports.Nadal and Alcaraz will face off in an exhibition match Netflix is calling  The Netflix Slam,  which will be broadcast live from the Michelob ULTRA Arena at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas on March 3. TRAVEL + LIFESTYLE In its annual end-of-year forecast, theAAA projected that 115.2 million Americans will be on the moveover the holiday travel period, a 2.2% increase over last year but a 3.2% decrease from 2019. Expect traffic on the roads, as 90% of holiday travelers will be getting around by car, andairports will be the busiest they ve ever been over the Christmas and New Year s travel period.DAILY COVER STORYExclusive: Mars Unveils Strategy To Double Snacking Revenue To $36 Billion<figure><figcaption>Mars' essential weapon in the snack wars.PHOTO BY RICHARD B. LEVINE/NEWSCOM</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Mars,America s biggest candy company, aims to double yearly revenue for its snacking division to $36 billion in the next 10 years, but it faces a major challenge: Consumers increasingly want to eat healthier.Mars  snacking division includes household names such as M&M s, Skittles, Starburst, Extra and Wrigley s chewing gums, Altoids and Dove chocolate. We re feeling very, very optimistic about the future of Mars snacking,  Mars Snacking global president Andrew Clarke toldForbesin an exclusive interview. Mars  revenue figures, and its vision for the future, were shared for the first time withForbes.Clarke, who started at Mars in 2000, said thecandy maker wants to transform the snacking industry, and with its scale, it might be able to do it. But like its smaller competitors Mondel z, Hershey and Tootsie Roll, Mars faces challenges. Dry weather in India and Thailand has led to a worldwide shortage of sugar, and a growing number of Americans are rejecting sweets, some of them with chemical assistance. Sales of Ozempic, Novo Nordisk s diabetes drug that s also used as an appetite suppressant, were up 58% on an annual basis over the first nine months of 2023.The tightening of America s waistline could have a lasting impact on what Mars estimates is a $700 billion global market for snack products.Even through all the cultural changes, consumers remain hungry for snacks.It s the way they snack that s evolving. In the Hartman Group s 2020 report, for instance, more than 80% of respondents said they re snacking differently, with some saying they re eating healthier.Key to Mars  ambition is the Kind bar, which the company acquired in 2017. Kind bars taste like candy but look more like energy bars, and Mars has introduced them in 30 markets outside the U.S. and Canada since 2018.If keeping up with consumers means pushing nut bars, then Mars is prepared to adapt. But the more things change, the longer one sweet thing rules the market. The world without chocolate,  Clarke said,  really would be a pretty boring place. WHY IT MATTERS Mars is  a smart organization, but there are big hurdles in the future,  Robert Boutin, president of candy consultancy Knechtel, toldForbes.  Almost everybody is on a diet. Almost everybody watches calories. Everybody is worried about heart disease, obesity and diabetes. Most parents restrict how much sugar children are taking. That has an impact on their core business.  Limited growth in the industry means  there s more competition for the same amount of dollars. MORE Nestlé Is Developing Products To Accompany Drugs Like Ozempic  Amid Fears They ll Eat Into Food SalesFACTS AND COMMENTSTeens areusing social media at rates as high as ever, andYouTube beat out TikTok as the dominant social media platformin a new Pew Research Center survey. Snapchat also overtook Instagram this year in terms of teen usage:46%:The share of teens who say they are online  almost constantly,  a figure that is largely the same as last year but has almost doubled since 201458%:The share of teens who use TikTok dailyJust under 1,500: The number of teens polled for the surveySTRATEGY AND SUCCESSIf the idea of budgeting doesn t appeal to you,consider alternative methods that may feel less restrictive, like paying yourself first, orsaving what you need to accomplish your goalsand spending the rest guilt-free. You can also categorize expenses through the envelope method, or use the following ratio: allocating 20% of your monthly income toward financial goals, a maximum of 30% toward housing and 50% for everything else. But if your income barely exceeds your expenses, look into side hustles that can help you earn  fun money. VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6342603424112/QUIZA startup is reportedly going out of business after a nine-year run.Which company decided to shut downafter a  Hail Mary  attempt at selling the firm failed, per Axios?A. SmileDirectClubB. Bird (electric scooters)C. Health IQD. ViceCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMFrom cutting-edge science to biotech to VC deals, Forbes' InnovationRx newsletter offers the latest headlines at the intersection of health and business. Click here to sign-up, and we'll see you in your inbox Wednesdays.From cutting-edge science to biotech to VC deals, Forbes' InnovationRx newsletter offers the latest headlines at the intersection of health and business. Click here to sign-up, and we'll see you in your inbox Wednesdays.