This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,There s plenty of discussion about how younger generations are transforming the workplace, but thefastest-growing demographic in the workforce is actually people 75 and older, according to a new Pew Research Center report.AllBaby Boomers will reach the age to retire before 2030, but that doesn t mean they ll do so. Nearly one in five Americans age 65 and older were employed this year, almost double the percentage who were working in 1987.Of course, for many it s an economic necessity, due to inflation, changes in pension systems and  less generous  Social Security benefits, according to Richard Fry, a senior researcher at Pew Research Center and co-author of the report. But employers are also increasingly expanding perks for older workers, like phased retirement, paid grandparent leave or menopause benefits, to encourage them to stay longer.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Aerial photo taken on Nov 17, 2021 shows large machines stacking thermal coal that has just arrived at the port coal terminal in Lianyungang, East China's Jiangsu province. (Wang Chun / Costfoto/Future Publishing via Getty Images)Future Publishing via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Globaldemand for coal hit an all-time high in 2023, the International Energy Agency reported, and the agency projected we may have reached peak consumption of the dirtiest fossil fuel. The IEA said it expects global coal demand to  drop in 2024 and plateau through 2026,  but to keep up with the goals of the Paris Agreement,  the use of unabated coal would need to fall significantly faster. The U.S.Naval Academy can continue to consider race when admitting students, a federal judge ruled,despite the Supreme Court s recent ruling overturning affirmative actionat other colleges. The judge found that the anti-affirmative action group, Students for Fair Admissions, failed to show that it would likely prove the academy s consideration of race in its admission processes was discriminatory and a violation of equal protection rights under the Fifth Amendment, Reuters reported.BUSINESS + FINANCEThe Dow Jones Industrial Average hit an all-time high this week, and thegains in the market s nearly two-month-long rally were spread across a diverse group of stocks. Intel, Boeing, Salesforce, Goldman Sachs and Home Depot were theDow s best performers during the historic runup, according to FactSet data, while the  magnificent seven  massive tech stocks that drove much of the early 2023 rally have seen fairly muted returns.Moderna s stock soared nearly 15% Thursday morning after the pharma giant announced that its newmRNA vaccine reduces the chance of relapse or deathfrom skin cancer by half, when paired with Merck s immunotherapy drug Keytruda.Moderna has bet big on mRNA technology, which was used to create the Covid-19 vaccine, and yesterday s gains come after more sluggish performance recently amid waning demand for those vaccines.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Pope Francis waves to thousands of followers as he arrives at the Manila Cathedral on January 16, 2015 in Manila, Philippines. (Photo by Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Pope Franciscalled for an international treaty to regulate the development of AIand its use Thursday, after an AI-generated image of him went viral this year. The pope specifically warned against the use of AI as a weapon adding to voices of world and tech leaders calling for more government regulation of the technology. Pope Francis said tech and science progress  leads to the betterment of humanity  but also gives humans  unprecedented control over reality,  which can include risks  to our survival and endanger our common home. MONEY + POLITICSThe European Union on Thursdayunanimously agreed to open membership talks for Ukraineto enter the 27-member bloc, despite years-long opposition from Hungary. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky lauded the decision as a  victory  in what could be a blow to Russia, as its invasion of Ukraine nears the two-year mark.In a rare moment of bipartisanship, theHouse of Representatives passed an $886 billion defense policy package, agreeing to omit a host of contentious issues including GOP-backed culture war provisions and reforms to an intelligence surveillance program in the interest of funding the military. President Joe Biden is expected to sign into law the legislation that includes a 5.2% pay increase for military members starting in January, the largest bump since 2002.TheU.S. wants Israel to scale back fighting in Gazatoa smaller, more targeted campaign in the upcoming weeks, U.S. National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday, according to theNew York Times. American officials hope a lower-intensity war would involve smaller, more precise Israeli Defense Force missions that seek to kill Hamas leaders, find and return hostages and destroy the tunnels used by Hamas.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT<figure><figcaption>A girl with her doll peeking out of her backpack watches as a street entertainer dances during a road side show in New York on October 9, 2015. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Mattel is bringing another doll to the big screen: The companyannounced an American Girl movie this week, made by Paramount Pictures and Temple Hill Entertainment. The toymaker has said the upcoming movie isone of more than a dozen live-action toy films it has in the pipeline, including Hot Wheels and Polly Pocket, after Greta Gerwig sBarbieis said to have contributed $125 million toward the Barbie doll segment s key gross billings measure at Mattel this year, Reuters reported.SCIENCE + HEALTHCARETheFDA warned nine online pet suppliers, including popular retailer Chewy, against carrying  illegally marketed  over-the-counter antimicrobial medicines, including antibiotics like penicillin which are making infections more dangerous in humans. Public health experts say that overuse of antimicrobial drugs has contributed to the rise of treatment-resistant infections. The suppliers were given 15 days to respond to the agency with a plan to remove the antimicrobials.Governments around the world must take  decisive action  to crack down on e-cigarettes and ban flavored vapes, the WHO said Thursday,warning they must be treated in line with other similar productsas the Big Tobacco industry markets them aggressively towards children. The WHO acknowledged e-cigarettes can play a role in helping people quit smoking, but warned the nicotine-containing products are  highly addictive  and should be tightly regulated as medicines rather than being released as consumer products on the open market.DAILY COVER STORY<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY NICOLAS ORTEGA FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE While the resurgence of megacap stocks like Microsoft, Apple and Amazon has been responsible for much of this year s market rally, the world s favorite language learning app, which has a market cap of only $9.9 billion, has trounced nearly all of them.Duolingo shares have gained 230% this year, fueled by hyperfast growth that accelerated at the onset of the pandemic and still hasn t stopped. Tens of millions of users make the addictive app part of their daily routine, clicking on the ubiquitous wide-eyed owl named Duo on their phone screens inviting them to learn more than 40 languages.Duolingo s growth helped it land at 18th on this year sForbeslist of America s Most Successful Mid-Cap Companies, which screened more than 3,000 companies with a market value between $2 billion and $10 billion using data from Factset to rank the top 100.Thetop-ranked stock is Canonsburg, Pennsylvania-based coal producer Consol Energy, which has generated $2.8 billion in revenue and $692 million in net income in the last 12 months. Although coal prices have come down since the end of last year in the wake of higher demand following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, Consol s stock is up another 50% this year after tripling in 2022.Most othermid-caps had a sluggish start to the year to lag behind the large-cap S&P 500, with the S&P MidCap 400 down 2.6% through October, but the last six weeks since the beginning of November have produced a 17% rebound.Investors  optimism that the economy will enjoy a  soft landing  and avoid a recession has lifted every corner of the market. The mid-cap index s 14% year-to-date gain still trails the S&P 500 s 23% return.WHY IT MATTERS  It s easy for investors to buy the biggest names in the stock market, and that strategy has paid off well this year, butmedium-sized companies can offer more upside for buyers with a risk appetite to look for home runs,  saysForbes staff writer Hank Tucker.  Conventional wisdom would suggest that it s easier for a $5 billion company to double or triple in size more quickly than a $1 trillion giant. The stocks on this list will often be more volatile than their larger peers, but many of them offer more attractive valuations for investors now. MORE America s Most Successful Small-Cap CompaniesFACTS AND COMMENTSAset of jerseys worn by Lionel Messi during Argentina s World Cup titlerunlast yearsold at auction Thursday, making them the highest selling price for any Messi item, according to Sotheby s. Few non-sports card items ever fetch more than $5 million at an auction:$7.8 million: The price fetched by the set of jerseysSix: The number of jerseys in the set, out of the seven that Messi wore during the first half of Argentina s World Cup matches$10.1 million:The record sale price set by Michael Jordan s 1998 NBA Finals jerseySTRATEGY AND SUCCESSNegotiating your pay is a critical way to build wealth, but many dread the experience.The biggest tool in a negotiationishaving the financial resources to walk away so take time to build up savings to cover three months worth of expenses, pay off high-interest credit card debt and consistently budget. Let your résumé serve as key talking points during your negotiation, and update your LinkedIn profile regularly with your accomplishments to show off your best work, rather than waiting until the negotiation comes.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6343083251112/QUIZAn animal was found roaming the train tracks at Newark's Penn Station on Thursday, causing local transit and Amtrak delays before it was eventually captured by authorities.What kind of animal was it?A. CatB. BuffaloC. BullD. BearCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet the Crypto Confidential newsletter for a weekly rundown on all things crypto. Sign up here to get tomorrow s edition.Get the Crypto Confidential newsletter for a weekly rundown on all things crypto. Sign up here to get tomorrow s edition.