This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,The U.S. has an affordable housing crisis, and some communities around the country are looking at 3-D printing as a way to address it.But building homes using the technology is proving more difficult than many hoped.Recently in Iowa, a startupdemolished their partly-built 3-D printed homebecause the material it was built with failed to meet structural benchmarks. Worldwide, there are only a few dozen 3-D printed homes, excluding those put up just for demonstration purposes, consultant Joris Peels told Forbes.Part of the problem is the finicky process of 3-D printing, which requires each layer to dry before the next one goes on, and can be affected by even small differences in temperature or humidity.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Rudy Giuliani, the former personal lawyer for former U.S. President Donald Trump, speaks with reporters outside of the E. Barrett Prettyman U.S. District Courthouse after a verdict was reached in his defamation jury trial on December 15. (Photo by Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Rudy Giuliani has been ordered toimmediately begin paying the $148 millionhe owes to two former Georgia election workers who sued him over defamation claims. The ordereliminates a 30-day stay on the paymentsand comes after the court sided with a request from the election workers that argued there was a risk Giuliani would use the 30 days to  alienate or dissipate what assets are available to satisfy even a small portion  of the $148 million.The board of directors of the Southwest Airlines Pilots Associationapproved a tentative agreement with Southweston Wednesday in whichpilots will receive a 50% pay increase over five years, multiple outlets reported. The agreement also includes  improvements to work rules and flying schedules, better disability coverage and increases to retirement benefits,  the union announced.A court in the British Virgin Islandsfroze around $1 billion in assets belonging to the founders of Three Arrows Capital, the crypto hedge fund whose sudden insolvency in June last year was one of the key events that triggered the so-called  crypto winter  of 2022. Teneo, which was ordered by the court to oversee the bankruptcy process, said the hedge fundowes around $3.3 billion to its creditors.BUSINESS + FINANCEShares ofFedEx tanked Wednesday after a declining sales forecastdelivered during the firm s earnings report disappointed investors andrevealed potentially worrisome signs for broader consumer spending habits.FedEx s earnings are often viewed as a bellwether for the state of the broader U.S. economy, and major stock indexes appeared to fall on the digestion of the poor parcel performance.In the SEC s lawsuit against Binance, the agency accuses Binance of so-called wash trading that artificially inflated the trading volume of crypto asset securities on the Binance.US Platform. Results from a reveal that FTX, the bankrupt exchange of convicted felon Sam Bankman-Fried, was likely a key player in facilitating wash trading activities for at least one asset, Binance s exchange token BNB.Activision Blizzard slongtime CEO Bobby Kotick is stepping down after 32 years, a little more than two months after the company was acquired by Microsoft in a landmark $68.7 billion deal that made Microsoft the world s third-largest gaming company. Kotick s time at Activision Blizzard saw the company grow vastly as it eventually went on to produce some of gaming s most popular franchises, such as  Call of Duty,   Diablo  and  Warcraft. WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPCharles Ergen was once America s 24th richest person: In early 2015, some 14 million households got their TV from his Dish Network, and his second business, EchoStar, provided most of the satellite technology for its broadcasts. But as customers flock to on-demand, internet-based options like Netflix and Hulu,Dish TV s subscriber base has fallen to 6.7 million.Now Ergen, a former professional poker player,is betting he can reverse his fortuneswith a full business overhaul: merging EchoStar and Dish, and transforming the business from pay TV into a 5G wireless network operator.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Etsy is struggling to manage a flood of AI-generated porn on its site.SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Etsy has a deepfake porn problem, ushered in by the mainstreaming of AI: AI-generated pornographic images of at least 55 well-known celebrities were available for purchase untilForbesnotified Etsy. And while Etsy removed the 16 accounts thatForbesidentified, it left upthousands of other listings that contain AI-generated pornography, all easily discoverable with the most rudimentary of search terms.Stable Diffusion, one of the most popular text-to-image generative AI tools on the market from the $1 billion startup Stability AI,was trained on a trove of illegal child sexual abuse material, according to new research from Stanford. The dataset of billions of images, which was also used to train some of its peers,has also aided in the creation of AI-generated child sexual abuse material, and the tech has improved so rapidly that it can often be nearly impossible for the naked eye to discern the fake images from the real ones.MONEY + POLITICSFormer President Donald Trump s close aides, GOP allies andeven some of his 2024 election rivals came out againstthe Colorado Supreme Court s decision to bar him from appearing on their primary ballot, including Vivek Ramaswamy, who saidhe would withdraw from the Colorado primaryuntil Trump s name is restored. The Colorado court s ruling has been kept on hold until January 4 to allow for review by the U.S. Supreme Court.Israel offered a new,week-long pause in fighting in exchange for the release of 40 hostagesstill being held by Hamas, including the remaining women and children, as well as some elderly men in need of medical care, theWall Street Journalreported. Hamasis requesting a two-week break, according to Egyptian officials. The U.S. believes about 130 hostages are still being held by Hamas in Gaza, including at least eight American citizens.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT<figure><figcaption>Iga  wi tek, Eileen Gu, Simone Biles and Megan Rapinoe are among 20 women's sports stars who together made an estimated $226 million in 2023.ILLUSTRATION BY STEPHANIE CUI FOR FORBES; PHOTO BY VCG/VCG/GETTY; ROBERT PRANGE/GETTY; STEPH CHAMBERS/GETTY; FU TIAN/CHINA NEWS SERVICE/VCG/GETTY; YANG SHIYAO/XINHUA/GETTY; PIER MARCO TACCA/GETTY; MATTHEW STOCKMAN/GETTY; BEN NICHOLS/ISI PHOTOS/GETTY</figcaption></figure>With Serena Williams retired and Naomi Osaka sidelined for the year as she recovered from injuries and then childbirth, list of the world s highest-paid female athleteshas a new No. 1: 22-year-old Polish tennis star Iga  wi tek, who made an estimated $23.9 million in 2023, before taxes and agents  fees.Combined, the 20 top-earning women made an estimated $226 million in 2023, with tennis stars continuing to dominate the list, but their pay still lags behind male athletes.Paramount Global and Warner Bros. Discoveryare in talks to potentially merge, as the streaming wars continue to escalate. While terms of a merger have not been agreed upon, the CEOs of the two companies have reportedlydiscussed ways to combine the two conglomerates  streaming services Max and Paramount+ as the companies compete with Netflix, Hulu and Disney+.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSDespite this week s ruling from the Colorado Supreme Court, former President DonaldTrump will probably still be on the ballot in the state, based on a previously set ballot printing deadline.State justices noted that if Trump were to appealtheir ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court, which his attorneys have already indicated they will, the ruling would remain paused meaning the high court would only have until the ballot printing deadline on January 5 to decline the case, or side with the lower court, in order for Trump to be removed.DAILY COVER STORYHow This Startup Is Using 10 Million Patient Records To Reduce Bias In Healthcare AI<figure><figcaption>Ziad Obermeyer, cofounder and chief scientific officer of Dandelion HealthDANDELION HEALTH</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE In 2023, cardiologist David Ouyang developedan algorithm to try and catch heart failure earlier.It analyzes electrocardiograms or ECGs recordings of electrical heartbeat signals to predict if a patient has heart failure, flagging them to the doctor so they get further testing.But Ouyang, who works at Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles, needed to be sure the algorithm wouldn t have any bias, a long-standing issue for algorithms that are trained using historical data from a limited number of people. If that data is not representative of all types of patients, then the resulting algorithm won t be accurate for everyone.To get answers, he turned to Dandelion Health, a startup that s working on a solution to helpcheck for potential bias of this type in healthcare algorithms.Dandelion is creating a massive, de-identified dataset from millions of patient records so developers can build and test the performance of their algorithms across diverse types of patients.Opening upthe black box of algorithmic decision-making and performance biasis an issue the Biden administration, software developers and healthcare players are all grappling with, especially given the speed of advancements in generative AI over the past year. But it could take years before President Biden s AI executive order translates into detailed regulation, creating an opportunity for companies like Dandelion to fill the void.Dandelion s founding team hopes they can help establish a framework for testing and validating healthcare AI while regulators play catchup.The biggest thing that developers of health-related algorithms need is data on which to train and test their software to make sure it works. But getting that data is a challenge: Hospitals, which are required to protect the privacy and security of their patient records by federal law, can t go handing out data willy-nilly to every company that asks for it.This also means that many healthcare algorithms are being built on small and incomplete datasets, which means performance problems are being identified after they re already in use.WHY IT MATTERS  Last week, 28 healthcare organizations signed a voluntary commitment with the Biden administration focusing on core principles for developing healthcare AI to ensure it is  fair, appropriate, valid, effective and safe,   saysForbessenior writer Katie Jennings.  But it does not prescribe the process for doing so, which inevitably means they ll be wide variation in how different groups adhere to those ideals. It s likely we ll soon start to seemore companies offering validation-as-a-serviceto tackle this issue. MORE This Startup Raised $30 Million To Take On Microsoft's AI Notetaker For DoctorsFACTS AND COMMENTSHundreds ofthousands of people have lost their jobs this yearin a slew of major layoffs at U.S. companies. The layoffs started at major tech companies as early as January, but persisted stubbornly throughout the summer and fall, even as recession fears tapered off:Over 305,000: The number of U.S. employees who have been laid off in 2023, according toForbes layoff tracker30,000: The biggest round of layoffs, which came from now-bankrupt trucking company Yellow Corporation3.7%:The U.S. unemployment rate as of NovemberSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSEfficiency and productivity are both important, but they re not the same: Efficiency is achieving the same amount of work with fewer resources, while productivity refers to the amount of work you can complete in a specific amount of time.To be both efficient and productive, implement time management concepts like time-blocking, plan tasks according to your energy levels throughout the day, remove distractions and try not to multitask.VIDEOQUIZThe tradition ofhiding a particular type of ornament on the Christmas tree(so that the lucky finder gets a bonus present) appears to go back decades, but it has recently sparked intrigue on social media. What type of food does the ornament depict?A. French friesB. An appleC. A pickleD. A potatoCheck your answer.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMForbes is seeking nominations for our inaugural list of America s Top 200 Lawyers. Our aim is to identify the finest in the profession, read more on how to make a recommendation here.Forbes is seeking nominations for our inaugural list of America s Top 200 Lawyers. Our aim is to identify the finest in the profession, read more on how to make a recommendation here.