This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,As freezing temperatures swept much of the country this week, a number ofelectric vehicle owners were frustratedthat their cars were slow to charge. As the U.S. moves toward adopting more EVs, it s a reminder of thesusceptibility of battery electric vehicles to very cold temperatures.Cold weather slows down the chemical and physical reactions in the battery. How much power an EV loses depends on the kind of vehicle: The range for the Kia Kona EV drops 34% in freezing weather, while a Tesla Model S loses 28%, according to a report by Recurrent, which studies electric vehicles.To avoid this effect, EV owners are advised to conduct  preconditioning  on their car battery, or heating or cooling the battery based on the temperature.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Sheryl Sandberg announced Wednesday that she will leave Meta's board of directors. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for Vanity Fair)Getty Images for Vanity Fair</figcaption></figure>Meta board member and former chief operating officerSheryl Sandberg announced in a Facebook postWednesday that she willleave the company s board of directorsafter serving for more than a decade, though she will continue to serve as an adviser for the company.Forbesestimates Sandberg's net worth at $1.9 billion, ranking her No. 17 on our list of America'srichest self-made women.Pakistan carried outretaliatory airstrikes on Iranian soil early on Thursday claiming it was targeting terror groups across its southwestern border two days after Iran struck what it claimed were militant bases in Pakistan. While a statement from Pakistan's Foreign Ministry does not present the attacks as retaliation against Iran s strikes, it alludes to them by saying,  Pakistan willnever allow its sovereignty and territorial integrity to be challenged. Former President Donald Trump suggested on Truth Social early Thursday that hebelieves presidents should be allowed to  cross the line  without legal consequences, as an appeals courtprepares to rule on whether he has  immunity  from criminal charges. The ex-president and 2024 candidate likened the issue to police officers being allowed to perform  strong and effective crime prevention  even though there are  rogue cops,  writing,  Sometimes you just have to live with  great but slightly imperfect.  BUSINESS + FINANCEThe stock of Digital World Acquisition Corp., the blank-check firm intending to merge with former President Donald Trump s social media company Truth Social,soared this week to its highest price since 2022, seeming to rally on the back of Trump s decisive victory in the Iowa Republican caucus Monday. Even after the recent recovery,the market values Digital World at about $870 million, a far cry from its peak valuation of almost $4 billion in early 2022 at the height of the craze over special-purpose acquisition companies.Sylvain Raynes, an entrepreneur from Quebec, wanted touse securitization to get healthcare providers paid quickly, which wouldturn the $2.6 trillion medical-receivables market in the U.S. into assets that investors could buy and sell. His North Carolina-based startup, Collateral Velocity, had attracted $1.6 million in funding, but at a critical moment, his partners decided to head in a different direction, stranding Raynes without a way to bring his innovation to market.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Tech companies are responding to how they plan to moderate content related to the 2024 election. (Photo by Samuel Corum/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Billions of people are voting in elections around the world this year, whichexperts fear could be undermined by increasingly popular artificial intelligencetools like ChatGPT and the misinformation they enable. Tech companies are responding withhow they plan to moderate content: For instance, OpenAI has said it will ban politicians, political campaigns and lobbying from using its tools, and Google said it will limit the types of election-related queries its AI chatbot Bard and other generative AI products can answer.A federal appeals courtruled Wednesday that Apple cannot import its Apple Watch modelsthat include a blood oxygen feature while an appeal of a ban implemented by the International Trade Commission plays out in court. The ban stems from a lawsuit by health technology company Masimo thatargued the devices infringed upon its patents of a pulse oximeter functionto read blood oxygen levels.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>The Houthis are being redesignated a  specially designated global terrorist group."AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>TheState Department is redesignating the Houthis a militant organization based in Yemen as a terrorist group, almost three years after the Biden Administration removed the label, and months after the group began attacking commercial vessels in busy Red Sea shipping lanes. Thedesignation obstructs the Houthis  access to the global financial system,according to theNew York Times, but carries fewer penalties than if the group were named a  foreign terrorist organization. MORE:U.S. forces carried outanother set of strikes against Houthi targetsin Yemen late Wednesday, with the U.S. Central Command saying in a statement that the strikes will  degrade  the group s ability to target international shipping in the region.Writer E. Jean Carroll took the stand in her defamation trial against former President Donald Trump on Wednesday, testifying abouthow Trump s attacks have harmed her reputation, while he watched from the courtroom. Trump has already been found liable for defamation, andCarroll is seeking more than $10 millionin damages. To have the president,  one of the most powerful persons on Earth,  calling her a liar  ended the world that I had been living in,  Carroll testified, according to Politico.SCIENCE + HEALTHCARETheFDA has authorized DermaSensor s first-of-its-kind handheld devicethatuses artificial intelligence to non-invasively detect skin cancer.The device can detect all three common types of skin cancer, and signals to physicians whether a suspicious lesion should be investigated further.DAILY COVER STORYHow Vivek Ramaswamy Got Richer While Pumping Millions Into Failed Presidential Campaign<figure><figcaption>Republican presidential candidate businessman Vivek Ramaswamy holds a campaign stop at the Hampton Inn & Suites Sioux City South on January 08, 2024 in Sioux City, Iowa.JOE RAEDLE/GETTY</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Long-shot GOP presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy entered the race 11 months ago, and on Monday, he dropped out after coming in a distant fourth in Iowa. But there s a silver lining for the biotech founder:His fortune grew by over $100 million in that time.Ramaswamy emerges from his campaign worth an estimated $960 million, up from around $840 million last February, when he announced he was running for office. That $120 million gain more than makes up for the $17 million he put into his campaign in the first nine months of 2023, according to his filings with the FEC. Ramaswamy s camp says he s even richer, worth at least $1 billion.How much Ramaswamy spent on the race in the last quarter and in early 2024 has not yet been published, though two weeks ago, he sold $33 million of shares in Roivant Sciences, his largest asset, and toldAxiosthat he planned to use some of the proceeds to make a  significant investment  in his campaign.Even if he spent it all, he d still be ahead. The publicly traded drug development firm that Ramaswamy founded in 2014 and led as CEO until 2021 closed trading at $10.86 per share on Tuesday, up 25% from its price on February 21, 2023, the day Ramaswamy declared his presidential candidacy. Ramaswamy holds a 6.4% stake in the company that is worth $565 million.Then there is Strive Asset Management, the  anti-woke  investment company that sells exchange traded funds to retail and institutional investors. Ramaswamy created Strive in 2022, after stepping down as Roivant CEO and publishing his best-sellerWoke, Inc. He resigned as Strive s executive chairman after launching his campaign, though he remains its controlling shareholder.Ramaswamy s majority stake in Strive is worth an estimated $150 million, based on the company s last financing round in November 2022. During Ramaswamy s campaign, Strive more than doubled its assets under management.What will Ramaswamy do next?  TBD, but if you know Vivek, you know it s going to be big,  his communications aide Tricia McLaughlin said in a text message.WHY IT MATTERS  Vivek Ramaswamy styled his insurgent candidacy on Donald Trump's 2016 run, playing up his entrepreneurial chops and business acumen with voters,  saysForbessenior wealth reporter John Hyatt.  Ultimately, Ramaswamy's 11-month campaign amounted to little more than an extended tryout for a Trump cabinet position. Yet in conserving his wealth and becoming a well-known name, Ramaswamy has created his own playbook for ultra-wealthy types who want to become political figures without paying too much to do so. MORE: How Vivek Ramaswamy Became A BillionaireFACTS AND COMMENTSThe Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is pushing to reduce theoverdraft fees Americans are charged at banksand credit unions in a new proposed rule,the latest in a string of crackdowns on fees by the Biden Administration. Banks call it a service I call it exploitation,  President Joe Biden said of the overdraft fees in a statement Wednesday:$35: The typical overdraft fee, even though most consumers  debit card overdrafts are for less than $26 and are repaid within three days23 million: The number of U.S. households that pay overdraft fees per year, according to the CFPB$3.5 billion: The amount consumers could save per year if the proposed rule comes to fruitionSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSData showremote workers in the U.S. receive fewer promotions and raisesthan their in-office counterparts. Remote workers may experience a lack of visibility and connectivityand receive less mentorship and feedback, plus there s  proximity bias  at play. To stand out, frequently share the status of your projects and assignments, overcommunicate to stay top of mind and master the art of  managing up. VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6345058438112/QUIZThe Supreme Court heard oral arguments Wednesday in two cases over a regulation that forced a certain type of fisherman to foot the bill for government-mandated monitors, a minor dispute that could have profound consequences for the legal system. The fishermen involved in the case catch what kind of fish?A. SalmonB. HerringC. BassD. LobsterCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMPlanning a vacation to a tropical location? Get our Passport newsletter for inspired escapes and insider tips. Sign-up here.Planning a vacation to a tropical location? Get our Passport newsletter for inspired escapes and insider tips. Sign-up here.