ToplineFollowing his historic expulsion from Congress, former Rep. George Santos (R-N.Y.) sat down for an interview to discuss his experience with the writer, comedian, and talk show host known as Ziwe   short for Ziwerekoru Fumudoh   who has built areputationfor asking guests tough questions related to race, politics, and culture.<figure><figcaption>BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 12: Ziwe attends the 2023 Vanity Fair Oscar Party Hosted By Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on March 12, 2023 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Cindy Ord/VF23/Getty Images for Vanity Fair)Getty Images for Vanity Fair</figcaption></figure>Key FactsFumudoh started a YouTube series called  Baited with Ziwe  in 2017 that eventuallymoved toInstagram Live during the pandemic, in which she interviewed non-Black people with questions related to race, including how many Black friends they had.Fumudoh made news during one interview with cookbook author Alison Roman, who was askedto namefive Asian people after Roman wascriticizedfor comments about Marie Kondo and Chrissy Teigen.In 2021, Fumudoh started hosting an eponymoustalk showcalled  Ziwe  on Showtime, where she continued interviewing celebrities on topics related to whiteness, race, and culture, such asdiscussingracism and allyship with singer Phoebe Bridgers, andaskingFran Lebowitz about the percentage of white women who didn t vote for Joe Biden during the 2020 election.Fumudoh s Showtime talk show was canceled by the network in April after two seasons amid a change in leadership, Vanity Fairreported.Fumudoh s memoir  Black Friend  was released in October, and includes essays thatshe toldtheLos Angeles Timesrevolve around her experience and how the Black friend is an  omnipresent figure in American media who never has a chance to explore their own journey. Fumudoh was recentlyon a comedy tourthat shares the name with her book, and sold out in 11 cities according to her website.News PegSantos wasexpelledfrom Congress by a vote from over 300 of his colleagues, amid criminal fraud charges and a report from the House Ethics Committee that said he  sought to fraudulently exploit every aspect of his House candidacy for his own personal financial profit.  Shortly after the expulsion, an account called  Mike T  on Xposteda side-by-side of Santos and Fumudoh, saying,  This interview would irreversibly change the course of history.  Fumudohrepostedthe post and said,  my literal dream.  She followed up with anotherposttagging Santos and asking if he would  be interested in a pay-per-view interview,  and that he would  be an iconic guest.  Santosrepliedthat he would do the interview. On Monday, Santos tagged Fumudoh in aposton X saying,  Exciting day today!  and Fumudohpostedphotos of the two together, with Santos holding her book,  Black Friend. Key BackgroundFumudoh wasraisedby Nigerian immigrants in Lawrence, Massachusetts and was a scholarship student at Phillips Academy, before studying African-American studies and poetry at Northwestern. While in college, Ziwe got her start as a professional writer freelancing at the Onion,she toldtheLos Angeles Times. Fumudoh also worked asa writeron the Showtime talk show  Desus and Mero  and hada cameoon  Succession. What To Watch ForFumudohsaid onInstagram the interview with Santos will be on YouTube,  free for THE PEOPLE.  The release date for the interview has not been confirmed, a representative for Fumudoh toldForbes.TangentSantos became the sixth person in historyto be expelledfrom the House after a 311-114 vote, with 105 Republicans and 206 Democrats voting in favor of his expulsion. Previous votesto expelSantos failed before the House Ethics Committee published its report on his allegedmisconductwith campaign funds, including allegedly using funds on personal expenses. He wasindictedby a federal court in May on 13 charges of money laundering and fraud for allegedly defrauding campaign donors in 2022. Santos alsopleaded not guiltyto 10 counts of misusing donor credit cards and stealing their identities.Further ReadingWho s Afraid of Ziwe Fumudoh?(Vulture)How Ziwe became your  Black Friend,  and why she d rather be loved than feared(Los Angeles Times)