ToplineFormer Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.) is considering a third-party presidential run, she told multiple outlets Monday but only if she s certain it won t draw votes from President Joe Biden and help elect former President Donald Trump, who she plans to campaign against regardless of whether her own name is on the ballot.<figure><figcaption>Liz Cheney attends Liz Cheney in Conversation with David Rubenstein at The 92nd Street Y on June 26, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Gary Gershoff/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsCheney said she is interested in forming a new  fully conservative  third party not beholden to Trump, and has not ruled out running on an independent, bipartisan ticket, she toldmultiple outletsMonday while promoting her new memoir,  Oath and Honor: A Memoir and a Warning. If she doesn t run, and Trump is the GOP nominee, Cheney said she is considering actively campaigning for Biden and against Trump-aligned House incumbents and candidates, she told theCheney, who lost her GOP House leadership position and ultimately her seat in Congress over her opposition to Trump, said she fears  democracy is at risk at home, obviously, as a result of Donald Trump s continued grip on the Republican Party  and internationally, she told thePost. Cheney also said she worries that the GOP-controlled House, with Trump ally Rep. Mike Johnson (R-La.) as speaker, would vote against certifying the results of the 2024 presidential election if Biden wins.What To Watch ForIf Cheney runs, she would need the backing of a third party that already meets state requirements to get on their ballots or she would have to petition every state individually to be placed on their ballots as an independent.Key BackgroundCheney, the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, lost her seat in Congress after she refused to back Trump s claims that he was the true winner of the 2020 presidential election. Breaking from her GOP colleagues, she co-chaired the Democrat-led Jan. 6 committee and voted to impeach Trump over his role in the Capitol riots. She was defeated by more than 30 points in the Wyoming s 2022 primary by Trump-backed candidate Rep. Harriet Hageman, who went on to win the seat. She now works as a professor of practice at the University of Virginia Center for Politics. In the 2022 midterm elections, she made her first-ever endorsements of several Democrats who ran against Trump-aligned candidates in the House.TangentCheney, in her new book, sharply criticized Trump-allied Republicans, including former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.). She wrote that McCarthy told her he was summoned to Mar-A-Lago after Trump left office to console the former president, who was so depressed he was  not eating.  (Trump denied the claim Monday and said he was  eating too much ). The book also describes Johnson as fawning over Trump and inserting himself into his orbit by helping him contest the results of the 2020 presidential election.