ToplineSen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) said Tuesday he would not commit to throwing his support behind President Joe Biden in 2024 when asked about the presidential race during his first TV interview sinceannouncinghe was not running for reelection, fueling speculation that the moderate Democrat might have higher political aspirations.<figure><figcaption>Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) said he would not vote for former President Donald Trump in the upcoming election, in his first TV interview since announcing his retirement from the Senate.Win McNamee/Getty</figcaption></figure>Key FactsDuring a clip of the CBS interview, Norah O DonnellaskedManchin  if it comes down to it  would he vote for former President Donald Trump or Biden to which Manchin called her question a  hypothetical  since it s unknown  who we re going to have  as the candidates.Manchin thensaidhe would not vote for Trump, adding he would  want President Biden  if  changes would come. Whenaskedif he was considering leaving the Democratic Party, Manchin did not directly answer and said he wasn t sure the party thought he was  part of them  anyway.What To Watch For Manchin s answers are from a half-minute clip of a CBSinterviewthat will air Tuesday night.Key Background Last week, Manchinannouncedhe would not seek reelection for his Senate seat in 2024. Instead of running, hesaidhe planned to travel the country and see if there was interest in  a movement to mobilize  the middle and  bring Americans together.  In the more than four-minute-long video announcing his retirement from the Senate, ManchincriticizedWashington policies, saying every incentive is to  make our politics extreme.  That video led to widespread speculation that he might throw his hat into the upcoming presidential race. Manchin, who has served as senator since 2010, is considered the most conservative Democrat in the upper chamber. He s frustrated many Democrats after siding with Republicans on key votes including voting to confirm Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh.Tangent Manchin s announcement that he will not run for reelection all but guarantees Republicans will pick up another seat in the Senate as the state is deeply conservative Trump won it in 2020 with nearly 69% of the vote. His announcement also throws further doubt on Democrats  ability to retain control of the Senate in 2024 given their thin 51-49 majority over the GOP in the chamber, including the three independents who caucus with Democrats.Further Reading West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin Says He Won t Seek Reelection(Forbes)