ToplinePope Francis punished Cardinal Raymond Burke, who has frequently blasted the pope and his policies,the Associated Pressreported, citing anonymous sources the second time this month Pope Francis has disciplined one of his critics on the church s conservative American flank.<figure><figcaption>Cardinal Raymond Leo Burke is photographed attending Pope Francis' address to members of the Vatican Roman Curia gathered in the Vatican Clementine Hall for the annual Christmas Greetings on December 21, 2017 in Vatican City, Vatican. (Photo by Vatican Pool - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images)Corbis via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsPope Francis reportedly revoked Burke s right to a subsidized Vatican apartment and salary.The pope reportedlytoldfellow church leaders he was doing so because Burke had become a source of  disunity  in the church and was using these privileges against the church.He also reportedly called Burke  my enemy,  according to theCatholic News Agency, also citing anonymous sources.Burke told the AP he hadn t been notified of this punishment Tuesday morning.Forbes has reached out to the Vatican press office for comment.Key BackgroundBurke is seen by some as the de facto leader of a conservative wing of the Catholic Church in the U.S. that has frequently criticized Pope Francis. When Pope Francis held an official meeting of church officials called a synod in October, Burke and several other cardinals issued a formal list of questions called dubia, theAPreported. That synod was convened for church leaders to discuss making the church more welcoming to LGBTQ worshippers and allowing women and lay people (non-priests) to play a more active role in the church, among other things. Burke and other American church leaders have been outspoken against those two efforts. During that synod, Burke held a counter-synod steps away from St. Peter s Basilica where he gave a harshly critical address, the AP reported. The two have a history of clashing. Burke was appointed to the Congregation of Bishops in 2009 by Pope Francis  predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI. However, in 2013, when Pope Francis was leading the church, he removed Burke as well as 13 other of the 18 bishops from the group, a move Burke criticized and alleged was because he was  talking too much about abortion  and  the integrity of marriage as between one man and one woman, the Guardianreported.TangentBurke is now the second conservative American church leader to be disciplined by Pope Francis recently. Earlier this month, Pope FrancisoustedBishop Joseph Strickland, who oversaw a diocese in east Texas. Strickland, a firebrand conservative, was also vocal about his opposition to Pope Francis and efforts to make the church more welcoming to LGBTQ worshippers and to give additional responsibility to lay people. Strickland called Pope Francis  synod  garbage  and once shared a video on social media calling Pope Francis a  diabolically disoriented clown.  Strickland also waded into politics, including one instance in December 2020 when he spoke at a rally in Washington, D.C. organized by then-President Donald Trump s supporters seeking to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election.Surprising FactDespite his differences with Pope Francis, Burke has at times also been seen as a candidate for the papacy. TheCatholic Heralddescribed him as  a dark horse candidate to succeed Pope Francis in the event of an imminent resignation.  The Catholic publication noted that Pope Francis  recent appointments make it unlikely the church would choose someone as radically different as Burke, though. Eighty-three of the 132 cardinal leaders that would be tasked with electing the next pope were appointed by Pope Francis.Further ReadingPope Francis Ousts Conservative Texas Bishop After Frequent Attacks(Forbes)The Vatican Says Transgender Catholics Can Be Baptized   Following Years Of Critical Statements About Trans People By Pope Francis(Forbes)Pope Francis Said Homosexuality Isn t A Crime Here s What Else He s Said About LGBTQ Issues(Forbes)Pope punishes leading critic Cardinal Burke in second action against conservative American prelates(The Associated Press)