ToplineFormer President Donald Trump on Wednesday attacked a conservative super PAC backed by billionaire Charles Koch for endorsing former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley in the 2024 presidential election, calling the group  bad for our Country,  as Trump ramps up his attacks on Haley and escalates a long-running feud with the Koch-linked group.<figure><figcaption>Former President Donald Trump criticized a super PAC backed by billionaire Charles Koch for endorsing former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsTrump argued theendorsementfrom the conservative Americans for Prosperity Action marked a  minor hit  for Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis rather than Trump arguing he was  never in the running  for the endorsement because he s  all about Making America, not the outside World, Great Again   Trump also mockingly called the PAC  Americans for China Prosperity. In aposton his social media site Truth Social, Trump also slammed Haley as  weak and ineffective,  referring to her as  Birdbrain,  a nickname Trump has repeatedly used for Haley in recent months.The PAC, which had never before endorsed a candidate,announcedits endorsement for Haley Tuesday morning, saying the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations  represents a new generation of conservative leaders. The PAC, known as AFP Action, also issued a memo to supporters arguing Haley has the best chance of defeating Trump in the GOP primary and of beating President Joe Biden in the general election, citing internal polls, despite Haley trailing Trump by nearly 49 points (58.7% to 9.9%) in early primary polling, according to FiveThirtyEight sweighted polling average.Chief CriticAFP Action has been one of Trump s biggest critics during the 2024 campaign cycle, spending more than $9 million on attack ads against Trump this year, the New York Timesreported. In a memo released on Tuesday, PAC senior adviser Emily Seidel argued Trump and Biden  will only further perpetuate the country s downward spiral in politics.  Trump has also made his criticism of Koch and his late brother David Koch well known,referringto the billionaire duo in 2018 as  globalist[s]  and arguing they  have become a total joke in real Republican circles,  after Trump was criticized at a Koch network meeting.ContraDespite Trump s dominant lead over a dwindling field of Republican primary challengers, the former president has a narrower lead in New Hampshire, where an Emerson Collegepollconducted earlier this month found Haley in second place in a hypothetical GOP primary, with 18% of voters supporting her, behind Trump s 49% a difference of 31 percentage points. That poll also showed Haley is the only GOP candidate who would beat Biden in the early primary state, with 45% of respondents supporting Haley over 39% for Biden. The poll showed Biden would defeat Trump in the state by five points.Key BackgroundSince launching his 2024 presidential bid late last year, Trump has gone on a tirade against his primary challengers in campaign rallies and on social media as he avoids GOP primary debates. Trump s first use of the  birdbrain nicknamefor Haley came last month in a post on Truth Social, when Trump argued Haley walked back on her support of him by challenging him in the 2024 primary, with Trump writing:  Birdbrain doesn t have the TALENT or TEMPERAMENT to do the job.  Trump s campaignreportedly senta birdcage with bird food to a hotel room where Haley was staying. Haleyposteda photo of the cage in a post on X, captioning it with the hashtags  #PrettyPatheticTryAgain  and  #YouJustMadeMyCaseForMe.  Haley, meanwhile, has focused her attacks on other 2024 challengers: In a debate last month, Haleycalledbiotech entrepreneur Vivek Ramaswamy  scum  after Ramaswamy noted Haley s daughter joined the social media app TikTok. A super PAC tied to Haley has also spent $3.6 million inattack adstargeting DeSantis, primarily in New Hampshire and Iowa, according to campaign finance analyst Rob Pyers.Big Number$70 million. That s how much the AFP Action PAC has raised in the first half of 2023, including $25 million from Koch, ABC Newsreported.Forbes ValuationWeestimateKoch s net worth at $52.4 billion, making the Koch Industries chairman and CEO the 24th richest person in the world.Further ReadingCharles Koch-Backed Super PAC Endorses Nikki Haley For President(Forbes)Nikki Haley Surges In New Hampshire Where She Would Beat Biden And DeSantis, Poll Shows(Forbes)Haley Campaign Pours Money Into Ads Attacking DeSantis But Still Won t Bash Trump(Forbes)