ToplineFormer New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) blasted Trump for repeating claims that he didn t know E. Jean Carroll after jurors found him liable for sexual abuse, calling the claim  ridiculous  adding to the list of GOP lawmakers casting doubt on Trump s electability, while others stayed silent.<figure><figcaption>Former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie speaks at the Republican Jewish Coalition Annual Leadership Meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada, on November 19, 2022. (Photo by WADE VANDERVORT/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsChristie, a frequent Trump critic who is weighing a run for president in 2024,toldFox News Radio s Brian Kilmeade  how many coincidences are we going to have here with Donald Trump? I mean, he must be the unluckiest S.O.B. in the world. Christie was referring to Trump s claim on Truth Social that he has  absolutely no idea who [Carroll] is,  after a Manhattan civil court jury sverdictthat he sexually abused her inside a Bergdorf Goodman dressing room in the 90s.Multiple Republican lawmakers reacted unfavorably toward Trump following the Carroll verdict: presidential candidate and former Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinsontold CBS Newson Wednesday the decision  is another example of the indefensible behavior of Donald Trump. Republican Sens. Mike Rounds (S.D.), Kevin Cramer (N.D.), Mitt Romney (Utah) and Bill Cassidy (La.) also expressed distress in the wake of the verdict, with Rounds telling reporters Trump  would have a difficult time  being elected and Cassidy questioning  how could it do anything else but create concern? The criticism from some Republicans stood in contrast to the party s response to Trump s arraignment in Manhattan Criminal Court on falsified record charges last month, when Republicans widely echoed Trump s claims that the case was a politically motivated  witch hunt  designed to prevent him from being re-elected.That narrative appears to have resonated with Republican voters, who have said in recent polls they believe politics played a role in the Manhattan criminal investigation andoverwhelmingly back himin hypothetical matchups for the 2024 GOP nomination.Crucial Quote  He just has, you know, random people he s never met before who were able to convince a jury that he sexually abused them the stories just continue to pile up,  Christie told Kilmeade, adding  this kind of conduct is unacceptable for somebody we call a leader. ContraSome Republicans sidestepped questions about the verdict and defended Trump. Former Vice President Mike Pence, who is weighing a 2024 run, said  I never heard or witnessed behavior of that nature  while he was serving alongside him in the White House. And former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, who is also running against Trump,toldconservative radio host Hugh Hewitt Wednesday the issue was  something for Trump to respond to.  Other GOP lawmakers suggested politics were at play in the jury s decision. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-Ga.) told reporters  the New York legal system is off the rails when it comes to Donald Trump  and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) said  that jury is a joke, the whole case is a joke. Key Background A Manhattan jury found Trump liable for sexually abusing Carroll and defaming her by denying the claims on Wednesday, marking a pivotal moment for the #MeToo movement and adding to Trump s legal woes. Carroll filed the case last year, following a change in New York laws that allowed any survivor of sexual assault to file a civil motion against their abuser no matter how long ago the incident occurred. The jury deliberated for three hours following the two-and-a-half week trial in which Trump refused to testify and awarded her a total of $5 million in damages.TangentRepublicans from Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis to House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (Calif.) rallied around former President Donald Trump following his history-making criminal indictment in Manhattan last month, attacking the probe as a  weaponization of the legal system.  Trump, who pleaded not guilty to 34 counts of falsifying business records in connection to hush money payments, promptly delivered a speech following his arraignment deriding the various law enforcement investigations against him.Further Reading Trump Calls E. Jean Carroll Verdict A  Disgrace  After Jury Finds He Sexually Abused Her(Forbes)Trump Indictment: Republicans Including Pence, DeSantis, McCarthy And Don Jr. Rage Against Criminal Charges(Forbes)Trump Indictment: Majority Of Americans Agree With Charges And Also Say Politics Played A Role(Forbes)