This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,This week marks theend of thestudent loan pause.Interest starts accruing today, and thefirst payments will come due in Octoberfor millions of Americans.If you haven t yet taken action, log ontoStudentAid.Govto figure out who your loan servicer is. Update your contact information with the servicer and the Department of Education and re-enroll in automatic payments.There are more than a dozenrepayment plan options, including the Biden administration s new income-driven SAVE plan. If that seems overwhelming, the website has afree calculatorto help you figure out the best plan.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>A storm-damaged gas station in Perry, Florida. Hurricane Idalia made landfall at Keaton Beach, Florida as a category 3 hurricane. (Photo by Sean Rayford/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Recovery efforts are underway in Floridaafter Hurricane Idalia flooded and destroyed homes, businesses and roads within the state after making landfall as a Category 3 hurricane early Wednesday. The hurricanecaused up to $20 billion in damage,according to Moody s Analytics estimates, making it the most destructive hurricane so far this year.A federal judge in Texas temporarilyhalted a law aimed at restricting drag showsthat was set to take effect on September 1,another semi-win for LGBTQ+ advocateschallenging these types of bills across the country. The law would bar  sexually oriented performances  on public properties and in front of minors in the state, and the plaintiffs represented by the ACLU argue it targets drag performances.BUSINESS + FINANCEThe averageprice of a gallon of gas in the U.S. hit $3.83, a near-record highheading into Labor Day weekend,according to Energy Information Administration data. Analysts with the EIA expect an increase in gas prices due to factors like low gasoline inventories and scheduled oil refinery maintenance, while GasBuddy s Patrick De Haan believes motorists will  see some downdrafts  in prices.Shares ofcannabis companies reached highsfor the year after theDepartment of Health and Human Services recommended rescheduling marijuana, which currently has the same federal classification as drugs like heroin and ecstasy, to a lower-risk drug. Shares of New York-based Curaleaf Holdings  stock shot up more than 20% Thursday and closed at $3.75, one of its highest trading peaks of the year.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPOprah Winfrey and Dwayne Johnsonlaunched a $10 million relief fund for Maui residents impacted by the wildfires that killed at least 115 people,the latest celebrities to make donations after some faced criticism for a cautious response after the fires. The People's Fund of Maui is promising $1,200 in monthly assistance to permanent Maui residents over the age of 18 whoapply through the website.The Chearavanont family, Thailand s richest family,joined forces with Los Angeles-based LDA Capitalto invest in publicly listed and pre-IPOhigh-growth companies across Southeast Asia. The partners are looking to make commitments of about $2 billion over the next 12 to 18 months.TECH + INNOVATIONDecentralized finance, a blockchain-based banking and investment system, seeks to cut out traditional middlemen and avoid regulatory entanglements, butits platforms have become targets for cybercriminals. Between January and July, the crypto industry saw 145 major hacks 117 were DeFi-related andtotaled approximately $700 million in losses,according to Kim Grauer, director of research at blockchain intelligence firm Chainalysis.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>United States Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas poses for an official portrait. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, embroiled in an ethics controversy,disclosed that he accepted three tripsfrom real estate magnate and GOP donor Harlan Crow in 2022. An April report from ProPublica detailed Thomas  relationship with Crow and revealed Thomas had spent decades taking luxury vacations on Crow s dimewithout disclosing the trips.Former presidentDonald Trump pleaded not guiltyThursday to the charges against him in Fulton County, Georgia fortrying to overturn the state s 2020 election, meaning he will not appear at a scheduled arraignment on September 6. It s still unclear when Trump, who is facing 13 felony charges, and his co-defendants will go to trial.Joseph Biggs, a former leader of the Proud Boys,was sentenced to 17 years in prisonafter he and three other members of the far-right group were convicted of seditious conspiracy and additional charges for their involvement in the January 6, 2021, attack on the Capitol. It s thesecond-longest Capitol riot sentenceimposed so far.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTTaylor Swift has announced a moviefilmed over the six nights of her Eras Tourconcerts at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles will hit theaters this October. The 165-minute filmwill be shown at every AMC Theatre locationin the U.S. as well as Cinemark and Regal locations in the U.S., Cineplex in Canada and Cinepolis in Mexico starting Oct. 13. The Eras Tour is expected to bring in a record-breaking $1.4 billion when it ends in August 2024, potentially pushing Swift into billionaire status.SCIENCE + HEALTHCARE<figure><figcaption>The "Blue Supermoon" rises above the Apollo Temple in ancient Corinth, Greece.Photo by VALERIE GACHE/AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Skygazers around the world got aglimpse of a  blue supermoon  on Wednesdaynight that lit up the sky with a bigger and brighter moon. A supermoon is a full moon that takes place when the moon is at its closest point to Earth, and a blue moon refers to the second full moon seen in a month; the combination of the two is a rare event thatwon t be seen again for 14 years.A new scientific study offers the first-ever estimates ofhow many polar bear cubs die because of greenhouse gas emissions which experts hope will allow the federal government to use the Endangered Species Act to regulate projects for their greenhouse gas emissions. When sea ice melts, polar bears are forced onto land, where food is less abundant, and they are forced to fast for long periods of time. As a result, mother bears are less able to care for their cubs, and fewer survive into adulthood,bringing the species closer to extinction.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSNarcan and other naloxone nasal sprays, which work to reverse opioid overdoses, are expected to becomeavailable over-the-counter as soon as this month, which meansinsurance companies may not continue to coverthe cost. A box of Narcan containing two doses will have a suggested retail price of $44.99, and health groups have raised concerns about patients  inability to afford it without insurance.DAILY COVER STORYFrom Google To Nvidia, Tech Giants Have Hired Red Team Hackers To Break Their AI Models   <figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY CECILIA ZHANG FOR FORBES; PHOTOS BY DNY59/GETTY IMAGES, GARYALVIS/GETTY IMAGES, SANKAI/GETTY IMAGES, YUROU GUAN/GETTYIMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE As big tech players rapidly come out with consumer-facing AI products, they re increasingly relying on their so-called  red teams  toprotect AI systems from being exploited. With more and more scrutiny into AI applications, experts say red teams may also offer a competitive advantage to tech firms.Red-team hackersthink like an adversary to game the technology and uncover blind spotsand risks so that they can be fixed. For instance, a month before publicly launching ChatGPT, OpenAI hired Boru Gollo, a lawyer in Kenya, to test its AI models, GPT-3.5 and later GPT-4, for stereotypes against Africans and Muslims by injecting prompts that would make the chatbot generate harmful, biased and incorrect responses.Other red-teamers prompted GPT-4 s pre-launch version to aid in a range of illegal and nocuous activities, like writing a Facebook post to convince someone to join Al-Qaeda, helping find unlicensed guns for sale and generating a procedure to create dangerous chemical substances at home, according to GPT-4 s system card, which lists the risks and safety measures OpenAI used to reduce or eliminate them.But AI red teamers are often walking a tightrope,balancing safety and security of AI models while also keeping them relevant and usable.In one of the largest AI red teaming exercises at the DefCon hacking conference in Las Vegas, eight companies, including OpenAI, Google, Meta, Nvidia, Stability AI and Anthropic, opened up their AI models to over 2,000 hackers to feed them prompts designed to reveal sensitive information like credit card numbers or generate harmful material like political misinformation.Across eight models, red teamers found about 2,700 flaws, such as convincing the model to contradict itself or give instruction on how to surveil someone without their knowledge, according to new data released by the organizers of the event.But generative AI is like a multi-headed monster as red teams spot and fix some holes in the system,other flaws can crop up elsewhere, experts say.WHY IT MATTERS  In the age of AI, tech giants like Microsoft, Nvidia, Meta and Google don't want to be left behind,  saysForbesreporter Rashi Shrivastava.  They're racing to develop and ship their own AI models and applications, but at the heart of these efforts are AI red teams, who hack AI models and systems toensure they are safe and secure for public use.Red teamers have uncovered flaws like getting the models to cough up credit card information or spinning political misinformation. Experts say red teams will be the moat of the game going forward. MOREArmed With ChatGPT, Cybercriminals Build Malware And Plot Fake Girl BotsFACTS AND COMMENTSThe Biden administrationproposed closing the so-called  gun show loophole, mandating that no matter where a gun is sold, whether at a store, gun show or on the internet,firearms dealers must perform background checkson customers. The proposal is likely to face legal challenges from Second Amendment advocates:1993:The year former President Bill Clinton signed the Brady Bill, which requires federally licensed firearms dealers to run background checks on customers, into lawAround one in five:The number of gun sales in the U.S. conducted without a background check88%: The share of Americans who support background checks on all gun sales, according to a Politico and Morning Consult pollSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSWhen deciding what to do withmoney in a 401(k) from a previous employer, considerfactors like the fees, investment options, administrative stepsand whether you will need a loan against your 401(k) assets in the near future. Some experts say that with how often people change jobs nowadays, accumulating the old plans into one IRA can be the most efficient, but take the time to make an informed decision.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6336243835112/QUIZAn automaker will recall nearly 320,000 vehicles for a broken trunk release that could cause people to be trapped inside. It s the latest recallfor which company?A. KiaB. HyundaiC. NissanD. FordCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet our weekly rundown on the future of climate tech with our Current Climate newsletter. Sign-up here to get tomorrow's edition.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Get our weekly rundown on the future of climate tech with our Current Climate newsletter. Sign-up here to get tomorrow's edition.