This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,After years of not being able to borrow your friend s Android phone charger,Apple is ditching Lightning cablesin favor of the more ubiquitous USB-C. The new iPhone 15 and AirPods Pro will join iPads and Macbook laptops and plenty of other non-Apple devices requiring the USB-C cable for charging.The change was essentially forced on the company due to a new EU law requiring devices like smartphones, tablets and cameras to use USB-C as a universal charging standard.You can send your Lightning cables to Apple, and the tech giant has pledged to recycle them, or you can do so in-store at Best Buy.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang, Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg visit before attending the "AI Insight Forum" outside the Kennedy Caucus Room in Washington, DC.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Tech titans including Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Tesla CEO Elon Musk and former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates met with lawmakers Wednesdayfor a closed-door AI forumwhere the executives pitched broad regulatory frameworks for AI and warned of the existential dangers that could come with the uncontrolled advancement of the booming technology. Musk told reporters while leaving the summit that AI presents a  civilizational risk,  adding there sa low but not zero chance that  AI will kill us all. A federal judge ruled the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program illegal Wednesday, putting into question theObama-era policy that protects more than 500,000 immigrantswho were brought to the U.S. as children. TheBiden Administration is expected to appeal the ruling, which will likely make its way to the conservative-majority Supreme Court.The death toll from catastrophic flooding in Derna, Libya,could reach as high as 20,000, city officials estimate, as international aid begins to arrive in the country and rescue teams plead for help recovering bodies amidgrowing fears of infectious disease outbreaks. More than 5,300 bodies have been recovered in Derna so far.BUSINESS + FINANCE<figure><figcaption>The consumer price index jumped 0.6% from July to August, according to the Labor Department report released Wednesday.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Consumer prices registered their largest monthly increase since January,rising 3.7% in the 12-month period ending in August, despite the Federal Reserve s aggressive interest rate hikes to curb inflation. Surging gas prices were the biggest driver of the uptick, but core inflation, which excludes the more fickle food and energy indexes, came in at its lowest level in nearly two years.Over the last month, four high-profile companies haveannounced their plans to go publicvia New York exchanges at multibillion-dollar potential valuations: British chip designer Arm, German sandal maker Birkenstock, mobile grocery firm Instacart and automated marketer Klaviyo. But with thedomestic IPO market coming off of its weakest yearin over a decade, experts say it s not necessarily a sign of the floodgates opening once again.Thelegal team of disgraced crypto mogul Sam Bankman-Friedwants the judge to ask each potential juror whether they or any of their family or close acquaintanceshave ever lost money trading cryptocurrency, as well as their stance on donating to PACs and political causes. Bankman-Fried is facing fraud and conspiracy charges over his alleged scheme to steal money to make political donations.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>The Bellagio was one of 12 MGM casinos in Las Vegas affected by the attack.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>A well-knownransomware group claimed responsibility for a cyberattackthat wreaked havoc on operations at MGM Resorts, one of the world s largest casino-hotel chains, according to a post from malware research group VX-Underground. ALPHV, also known as BlackCat, claimed it executed the attack by identifying an MGM employee on LinkedIn who worked in IT support, and simply calling the MGM help desk. Astonishingly, theattack took about 10 minutes to execute. The Chinese governmentdenied a report indicating it had issued a ban on iPhonesand other foreign-branded devices among government officials. ButChina, where Apple earned $15.7 billion in revenuein the third quarter, cited unspecific security concerns surrounding Apple devices.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>U.S. Sen. Mitt Romney (R-UT)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Sen. Mitt Romney (R-Utah) announced on X, formerly known as Twitter, that hewould not seek a second Senate term. Romney, the 2012 GOP presidential nominee, has been ahigh-profile Republican figure for decades, and recently, a critic of former President Donald Trump, whom he voted to remove from office twice.The impeachment inquiry into President Joe Bidenputs a spotlight on the 18 House Republicans who represent districts Biden won how they position themselves moving forwardcould determine whether they keep their seats in 2024and the fate of the GOP s control over the lower chamber. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy delayed a House vote on an impeachment inquiry, saving his most vulnerable members from a difficult vote on the issue, for now, while placating right-wingers who threatened to vote against the budget or even try to oust him as speaker.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTThe NFL Players Association has called on the league toswitch all of its field surfaces to natural grass, suggesting it is  simply safer  than artificial turf after quarterback Aaron Rodgers suffered a season-ending injury during his debut for the New York Jets, which features artificial turf in its home stadium. Half of NFL teams play their home games on artificial turf fields, according to NBC Sports.TRENDS + EXPLAINERS<figure><figcaption>Law enforcement officers escort Danelo Cavalcante from a Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Avondale Pa., on Wednesday. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)Copyright 2023 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.</figcaption></figure>Thenearly two-week manhunt for convicted murdererDanelo Cavalcante, who escaped from a Pennsylvania prison, came to a close Wednesday morning. Nearly three dozen officers posed for a controversial photo op with the escaped prisoner,sparking both praise and pushback.Hurricane Lee currently a Category 3 storm with maximum sustained winds around 115 mph is expected to slowly weaken over the next few days, but couldpass by New England and the East Coast Friday or Saturdayas a  large and dangerous hurricane,  according to the latest information from the National Hurricane Center. That could leave the area withheavy wind and life-threatening rip currentseven if it doesn t make landfall as a hurricane.DAILY COVER STORY<figure><figcaption>Prometheus Materials' cofounder and CEO Loren Burnett at the company's bio-cement pilot plant.GUERIN BLASK FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Concrete is everywhere skyscrapers, data centers, roofs, sidewalks, homes. But its key ingredient, cement, is the source of 8% of the world s emissions of carbon dioxide, a gas that s catastrophically warming the planet. So how do we replace a material that s so inexpensive, so durable and so popular?Prometheus Materials, a University of Colorado spinout, isturning algae into cementusing a process that s similar to how coral and seashells naturally form.Prometheus is still in the early stages of commercialization with minimal revenue from a test facility in Longmont, Colorado, near Boulder. But it s figured out the science and is now raising what the company s cofounder and CEO Loren Burnett expects will be between $15 million and $35 million in venture funding (plus additional project financing) to build a 35,000-square-foot factory to make at least a half-dozen different varieties of precast, bio-concrete products, including blocks, panels and pavers.Burnett expects that the combination of the factory s production and a licensing strategy that will allow it to sell its bio-based material in powdered form to producers worldwide will help it reach $75 million in revenue by 2027.Even if Prometheus reaches that goal, it sbarely a drop in the bucket for the more than $300 billion global cement industry.There s a lot that still has to happen to get Prometheus  bio-cement into real projects, and the risks remain high. But Burnett, who figures that the company will be producing at capacity and setting up licensing agreements by 2025, is determined. We have to decarbonize both cement and steel if we are going to be at net zero by 2050,  he says.  The math just doesn t work without those two things happening. WHY IT MATTERS To bring the cement industry in line with the Paris Agreement on climate change, itsannual emissions would need to drop by at least 16% by 2030, even as cement production is slated to increase, according to a 2018 report by the London-based think tank Chatham House.That s why Prometheus isone of a number of startupslooking to reduce cement's carbon footprint.  This problem is so huge it s going to take all of us being wildly successful,  Burnett says of his company and its competitors.MOREHow Three Car Guys And A Winemaker Want To Save America s Farms With TractorbotsFACTS AND COMMENTS19-year-old Coco Gauff s U.S. Open victory proved to be arare ratings breakthrough moment for women s sports,as the Saturday afternoongame trounced the men s Sunday final in viewership. Gauff's championship was the most-viewed women s final of any tennis major ever broadcast on ESPN, the network said:Nearly 3.4 million: The number of people who watched Gauff become the first American teenager to win the Open in more than two decades, Nielsen data shows92%:The increase in viewership from last year s women s championship2.8 million: The weekend s average tournament viewership, the second-most-viewed U.S. Open of all time on ESPNSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSWith higher mortgage rates and a surge in prices expected when rates come down many young adults feel discouraged about becoming homeownersfor the first time. Here arefour compromises that can help make that dream more attainable: relocate to a more affordable location (especially if you work remotely), purchase an investment property in a lower-cost area so you can build equity, consider a more modest home like a townhouse or condo, and find a partner to co-own with.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6337102114112/QUIZOn the same day Apple revealed its iPhone 15,which of the following countriesbanned iPhone 12 sales over radiation concerns?A. FranceB. GermanyC. GreeceD. DenmarkCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet inspired by young movers and makers out to change the world our Under 30 newsletter sends every Friday. You can sign-up here.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Get inspired by young movers and makers out to change the world our Under 30 newsletter sends every Friday. You can sign-up here.