This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,When it comes to PR strategies, the Queen of the North shows us thatsometimes silence is golden.When Joe Jonas filed for divorce from Sophie Turner, there was extensive media coverage painting him as a devoted dad. Meanwhile, theGame of Thrones actress stayed out of the limelight, and then, in her first public outing since the divorce announcement, went out to dinner with Taylor Swift, who for many women symbolizes empowerment.The dinner date helped shift public opinion in her favor, the day before she filed a custody lawsuit.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Sens. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and Mitch McConnell (R-KY). (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>The Senate voted to advance a bipartisan stopgap spending billin anattempt to avert a government shutdown, but it will likely face challenges if it passes the Senate and makes it to the House, where far-right Republicans have said they won t support anything that doesn t meet their demands. The bill would give around $6 billion to efforts in the Ukraine war, which some House Republicans have opposed, and because Republicans only have a slight majority in the House, they can t afford to lose many votes.TheWriters Guild of America decided to end its strikeafter agreeing to a tentative deal with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers earlier this week, allowing writers to return to work after a148-day work stoppage that halted productions across the industry. WGA outlined the details of the tentative deal, which offers increased compensation for the writers, bars the use of AI for writing or rewriting literary material and forbids studios from enforcing writers to use it. The deal still has to be ratified by the union s members.BUSINESS + FINANCEStocks had their worst day in months as investors worry about the lingering impact of higher interest rates: The Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaqeach slid more than 1%. While the Federal Reserve paused its hiking campaign last week, the market is pricing in the increased indications from central banks that rates will remain higher than previously anticipated over the next few years.The FTC and 17 statesfiled a landmark lawsuit against Amazon on Tuesday, alleging the company hasillegally protected a monopoly in online retail.It s the latest legal complaint by U.S. regulators against Amazon, and one of the most hotly anticipated lawsuits in a years-long antitrust crackdown against major tech companies.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>Vivek Ramaswamy.JAMEL TOPPIN FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>A lifelongfixation on return on investment made Vivek Ramaswamy a $900 million fortune, anddrives just about everything he does, from education choices to friendships to business operations. It s embedded in the name of the holding company that drove most of his wealth, Roivant Sciences. And it explains why he chose to run for president, how he s campaigning and what he s going to do with his newfound fame and influence.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY ANGELICA ALZONA FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>Theclosest contacts of high-profile celebrities and public figures could be searchedand scrutinized by nearly any TikTok or ByteDance employee around the world this year with few restrictions, according to people familiar with one of the company s social graph tools and a trove of internal images, videos, audio and communications related to it that were obtained byForbes. People who ve worked there and at competitors like Meta believe the social mapping tools used by TikTok and its Chinese parent ByteDancemay allow more extensive monitoring of users than those at other companies.Atlantic Quantum, a young startup that s building quantum computers, hasdeveloped a new type of quantum architecture that s easier to scale. While still several years away from real-world applications, quantum computers machines that are capable of advanced and high-speed information processing can be used to solve certain complex problemsfaster and better than the computers that we use today: from advanced drug discovery to building lighter batteries to cracking encryption protocols.OpenAI, the artificial intelligence company that created ChatGPT,could reach a massive $80 to $90 billion valuationwith a potential share sale it is in discussions about. That s about three times what the company was valued at in January, and would make itone of the highest-valued startups as the AI race heats up.MONEY + POLITICSFormer PresidentDonald Trump and his company committed fraudby overstating the value of their assets,a New York judge ruled Tuesday, siding with state Attorney General Letitia James in her wide-ranging suit against the former president and the Trump Organization. The case against Trump and his business allies is still set to go to trial starting on Monday with a narrower scope, though that date remains slightly up in the air.President Joe Biden made history bybecoming the first sitting U.S. president to join striking workers on a picket line when hemet Tuesday with members of the United Auto Workers unionin Michigan amid the ongoing strike. Biden who has repeatedly referred to himself as the  most pro-union president in history  is seeking the UAW s endorsement for his reelection campaign, but he has faced criticism from the union over his support of electric vehicles and workers  fears that the transition could prompt job losses.DAILY COVER STORYExclusive: Mark Zuckerberg On Meta's Two Big Risky Bets And Getting Punched In The Face<figure><figcaption>Mark Zuckerberg.GUERIN BLASK FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Social media poster boy Mark Zuckerberg is having his Bill Gates moment: mellowing (a bit), maturing (a bit more) and upending his company with staggering confidence.Such reflection is well-timed. Facebook-parent Meta is about to turn 20 years old. AndZuckerberg will turn 40 next May, with a fortune estimated at $106 billion, a philanthropy arm designed for maximum impact and a commitment to transform one of the most important companies in the world, over which he has near total control because of his ownership of supervoting shares.The obviously-never-going-to-happen cage match with Elon Musk ( I assumed he wouldn t do it,  says the Meta CEO) has put Zuckerberg back into the zeitgeist giving him an opportunity to play hero to the Tesla CEO s petulant villain, to demonstrate thatFacebook s once  toddler CEO  has evolved into Meta s statesman.In addition to fully embracing mixed martial arts (MMA) and jiujitsu, Zuckerberg says he s adopted a  martial arts view of the world  for both himself and running Meta. "When you go into a competition, you're not fighting another person, you're fighting yourself, right?  he says.  You're just trying to be a better version of yourself. Now Zuckerberg is swinging for the fences with what s likely to be a $100 billion investment in afantastical yet still unproven virtual world called the metaverse that may not pay off for another seven years, if ever betting that it will become the future of computing. Zuckerberg is slated to unveil later today the project s new Quest 3  mixed reality  (a blend of virtual reality and the physical world) headset.One area that hasn t gotten much attention is Zuckerberg s philanthropy. In 2015, he and his pediatrician wife Priscilla Chan pledged 99% of their Facebook stock over their lifetime to the mission of improving the world shares now worth $103 billion (plus the $4.2 billion they ve already given away.)Itcould emerge as one of the largest philanthropic efforts in the world, next to that of Bill Gates and his former wife Melinda French Gates. That bet is hewing more and more toward funding their audacious goal of helping the science community cure, manage or prevent all disease by the end of the century.WHY IT MATTERS  Nearly half the world s population uses one of Meta s apps including Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp at least monthly, so the decisions that Zuckerberg makes have global ramifications,  saysForbes assistant managing editor Kerry Dolan.  As could their philanthropic efforts. Up next at Meta: generative AI. It could define a new market. If it doesn t, it will be a costly fast failure like many projects before it. MOREElon Musk Vs. Mark Zuckerberg: The Bizarre Feud, ExplainedFACTS AND COMMENTSWhen pop star Taylor Swift was seen at the Kansas City Chiefs game cheering for tight end Travis Kelce on Sunday, it seemed to confirm dating rumors, andunleashed a media frenzy and drew millions of additional viewersto Fox for the broadcast. The Swifties helped make the matchup with the Chicago Bears thesecond-most-watched of the NFL seasonso far behind the season opener:24.3 million: The total number of viewers who tuned in to watch the Chiefs trounce the Bears on Sunday (or to see their favorite pop star in the stands)400%: How much sales of Travis Kelce jerseys spiked on Fanatics after Taylor Swift's appearance at Arrowhead Stadium Kelce finds a blank space for the score! : Said Ian Eagle, one of a number of Taylor Swift song references announcers madeSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSExpecting parents still face a stigma in the workplace, and toeliminate the  pregnancy penalty, leaders mustcreate a culture that normalizes caregiving. Organizations examining their employee benefits should consider a  care wallet,  or funds allocated to caregiving needs for employees. Not everyone has children or will take maternity leave during their career, but everyone will need care for themselves, their parents, their pets, or their mental health at some point.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6337878315112/QUIZSpanish tax authorities filed charges against a popular singer for allegedly failing to pay over $7 million in taxes in just one year. It s the second time the country hasaccused which pop star of committing income and wealth tax fraud?A. Enrique IglesiasB. ShakiraC. JuanesD. Bad BunnyCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMThe ForbesWomen newsletter is a weekly digest from Maggie McGrath featuring news and analysis about female entrepreneurs, leaders and investors. Click here to sign-up.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.The ForbesWomen newsletter is a weekly digest from Maggie McGrath featuring news and analysis about female entrepreneurs, leaders and investors. Click here to sign-up.