This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,Celebrities, they re just like us. Except they have saunas, wine cellars, theaters, cigar and massage rooms in their homes.A number ofcelebrities and billionaires have listed their multi-million dollar properties for salerecently, including Sir Elton John, Australian billionaire James Packer and Los Angeles Rams wide receiver Cooper Kupp. A Lake Tahoe estate formerly owned by casino mogul and hotelier Steve Wynn on  Billionaires  Row  in Nevada was listed for $76 million, which would make itone of the most expensive real estate transactions ever in the area if it fetches that price.Guess I need to make some upgrades to my apartment.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>US Secretary of State Antony Blinken (R) and Indian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar speak to the press before talks in the Treaty Room of the State Department in Washington, DC, on September 28, 2023. (Photo by BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken met with his Indian counterpart in Washington Thursday andurged India to cooperate with Canada s probeinto the killing of a Sikh leader on its soil, which the Canadian government alleges was carried out by agents backed by India. Hardeep Singh Nijjar had been labeled a  terrorist  by New Delhi for his support of the separatist Khalistan movement, which calls for the creation of an independent homeland for Sikhs carved from India s territory. His killing has sparked a diplomatic row.France santitrust authority raided Nvidia s French officesthis week oversuspicion the tech giant engaged in anticompetitive practices, theWall Street Journalreported. A judge approved the raid an operation that followed up a larger inquiry into the cloud-computing sector conducted by the competition authority, which cited concerns that companies in the sector could use their computing resources to shut out competitors.BUSINESS + FINANCEOngoing discussions about the health of equities and the U.S. economy are eerily similar to the discourse leading up to the Great Recession,JPMorgan s chief quantitative market strategistwrote in a note to clients, citing the rapid increase in interest rates and the relatively bullish prevailing sentiments among investors despite a laundry list of worrisome signs. It s an ominous warningas the Federal Reserve, Wall Street and Main Street alike hope for a soft landing for the economy.Walmart plans to rewrite hundreds of job descriptions so thatmany of its corporate job titles won t require a college degree, as it becomes the latest institution to move away from mandating college degrees. Driven by a talent shortage in high-demand areas, dwindling college enrollment amid increasing costs and corporate efforts to improve diversity numbers, skills-based hiring  has become one of the hottest topics in corporate boardrooms.U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan toldindicted cryptocurrency mogul Sam Bankman-Fried s attorneys he could be looking at a very long sentence if he s convicted on fraud and money laundering charges. Kaplan denied Bankman-Fried s request to be temporarily released from jail during his trial, set to begin in October, arguing Bankman-Fried was a flight risk.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>In this photo illustration, Epic Games logo is seen on a smartphone screen and Apple logo in the background. (Photo Illustration by Pavlo Gonchar/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Appleasked the Supreme Court on Thursday to overturn a lower court s decisionthat it cannot forbid app developers like Epic Games from using alternative payment methods for in-app purchases,the latest in Apple s feud with the video game company. The legal battle began in 2020 after Apple removed Epic Games, maker of Fortnite, from its App Store for giving a discount to players who used its own payments system for in-game purchases. Epic Games, which wants to avoid the 30% commission and circumvent Apple s system, sued in a California federal court, arguing that Apple had a monopoly over mobile gaming.TheIRS is expanding availability of chatbot technologyon its website to help answer basic questions for people receiving notices,part of a greater investment in technology for which the agency is notorious for being slow to adopt. In the latest chatbot version, whenever you question certain notices, a pop-up appears, and when you click on it, it provides automated text prompts to try and answer your question.The EEOC sued Tesla on Thursday, accusing it ofallowing  widespread and ongoing racial harassment of its Black employees and retaliating against workers who opposed it for nearly a decade, in violation of the Civil Rights Act. It s the latest lawsuit Tesla is facing stemming from accusations of discrimination. MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>Ron DeSantis, currently battling for second place in a presidential primary dominated by billionaire Donald Trump, doesn't come from a wealthy background.SEAN RAYFORD/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>Despite stagnating poll numbers and waning political capital,Ron DeSantis has seen his bank account rise:With around $300,000 in 2021, he became a millionaire by the end of last year thanks to a lucrative book deal. Today,the Florida governor is worth an estimated $1.5 million. In thefirst hearing of the GOP-led House Oversight Committee s impeachment probe, constitutional law expert Jonathan Turley said hedoes not believe there s enough evidence currently to impeach President Joe Biden, but told the committee the probe itself is warranted. Turley, who also served as a witness during impeachment hearings of former Presidents Donald Trump and Bill Clinton, was one of three witnesses the GOP called to testify Thursday.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTThe PGA islooking for money from U.S. investorsif its merger with LIV Golf doesn t get approved by its players or politicians. U.S. politicians are probing the merger, which would combine the PGA Tour s and LIV Golf s commercial businesses and rights into a new, yet-to-be-named for-profit company, because LIV Golf is financed by Saudi Arabia s sovereign wealth fund.The internet gave fanfiction a shot in the arm, making it easy for writers and readers to find each other and obsess over their favorite characters, and artificial intelligence turbocharged it.Seung Yoon Lee has raised $54 million of financing, including $25 million announced this month, for his startup Story Protocol, a blockchain-based repository system for intellectual property that wouldgive amateur devotees input into movies, books, games and music. It could also provide a blueprint for copyright holders wanting protection from artificial intelligence.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSNew York Citydelivery workers will start making at least $18 an hourafter a judge denied an attempt from Uber, DoorDash and Grubhub to block a New York City minimum wage bill from going into effect. It s thefirst minimum pay rate for delivery workers in the country,but the food delivery companies argued the added costs of higher wages could pass on additional costs to customers and restaurants.DAILY COVER STORYBillionaire Harold Hamm On How Biden Is Holding American Energy Hostage<figure><figcaption>While writing his book, Harold Hamm kept his documents and thoughts organized in a room at Continental headquarters.ETHAN PINES FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Oil magnate Harold Hamm, founder of Continental Resources, recently finished taking the company private, and publishing his book,Game Changer. So he figured that the perfect time to hold his institute s first energy summit would be the Monday following New York's U.N. Climate Week as if some of us frequent flyers needed an antidote to what he sees as a naive belief among climate activists that we can just quit fossil fuels.Themessage this week from Big Oil was that a low-carbon transition will not happen without them.  We re not the enemy,  said Mike Wirth, CEO of Chevron.  If you exclude this industry, I guarantee that you will not meet the goals you want. A college dropout and largely self-taught geologist, Hamm started off with a trucking company 56 years ago, hauling away oily flowback water from drilling sites, skimming crude off the top to make a few bucks. He put 1 million miles on his truck before he ever drilled his first well.He s since become the world s richest truck driver, witha family fortune of some $25 billion. Hamm considers perhaps his greatest accomplishment the incessant lobbying he undertook ahead of the 2015 legislation that lifted a federal ban on the export of domestic crude oil, allowing independent producers like Continental to cut out middlemen and sell their crude directly to international buyers.He predicted toForbesa decade ago that theU.S. oil industry would double output of crude oil and other raw liquids like propane. And so it has, to nearly 20 million barrels per day.Meanwhile, natural gas production keeps growing, to more than 110 billion cubic feet per day. Burning natural gas releases just half the carbon dioxide emissions for the same energy as coal. As shale gas has displaced coal in power generation, the U.S. has reduced carbon emissions by some 15% over the past 20 years the greatest volumetric and percentage carbon reduction by any developed nation. It'sproof positive for Hamm that frackers aren't part of the climate problem, but the solution. Last year, Hamm moved to take Continental Resources private. He says his top priority now is paying off debt, which should take a couple years.WHY IT MATTERS  It's important to appreciate that the transition to low-carbon energy sources will take longer than folks might realize, or be comfortable with,  saysForbesreporter Christopher Helman.  So far all the wind turbines and solar panels we've built only produce a fraction of the electricity produced by natural gas. Hamm thinks that above climate concerns, theUnited States ought to focus on being energy independent,whether from fossil fuels, nuclear or renewables. There's no such thing as too much American energy. MOREThe Texas Tycoon Making A New Fortune Selling Sand To FrackersFACTS AND COMMENTSA pair ofbooks by Agatha Christie and Arthur Conan Doyle, once owned by the late Rolling Stones drummer Charlie Watts, broke individual records for the beloved authors at an auction in London. Themarket for rare books has taken on a new lifeas a  new generation  of book lovers has entered the market, Bruce McKinney, founder of the Rare Book Hub, told theNew York Post:$226,555: The amount the copy ofThe Hound of the Baskervilles by Conan Doyle, the renowned Sherlock Holmes creator, sold for, while Christie sThe Thirteen Problems sold for $63,968$1.15 billion:The market for books at auction in 2021, McKinney estimated20s and 30s: The age group making up more of the rare book market than ever beforeSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSAtoxic culture is the No. 1 reason people quit a job, but it can be really hard to spot before you re in it.Keep an eye out for red flags like:when a job is marketed as flexible but actually isn t, a culture of never talking about problems for fear of creating conflict, cosmetic diversity where the leadership is still predominantly white and male, a bad manager and  ghost colleagues  who you may never see. Before accepting a job, talk to prospective colleagues and future managers as much as possible to avoid these issues.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6337810992112/QUIZA Democratic governor signed a bill raising the minimum wage for fast food workers in their state to $20 an hour, which would apply to about 500,000 employees.Which state enacted the law, giving it the highest minimum wage in the country?A. IllinoisB. OregonC. MassachusettsD. CaliforniaCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet our weekly rundown on the future of climate tech with our Current Climate newsletter. Sign-up here to get tomorrow's edition.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Get our weekly rundown on the future of climate tech with our Current Climate newsletter. Sign-up here to get tomorrow's edition.