This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Happy Friday,ChatGPT made its way intoat least one courtroomearlier this year when a lawyer in a personal injury suit used the generative AI tool to prepare a legal filing.The problem? ChatGPT createdsix fake casesto show precedent, which the lawyer then presented to the court. The lawyer said he  did not understand it was not a search engine.  The judge isconsidering sanctions.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Former U.S. President Donald Trump speaks at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at the Hilton Anatole on August 06, 2022 in Dallas, Texas. CPAC began in 1974, and is a conference that brings together and hosts conservative organizations, activists, and world leaders in discussing current events and future political agendas. (Photo by Brandon Bell/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Former president Donald Trump saidhe had been indictedin the Justice Department s long-running probe of his handling of classified documents, and was ordered to appear in court next week. The New York TimesreportedTrump was charged with seven criminal counts, making him the first president to be charged with a federal crime.Reduced visibility due to smoke from Canadian wildfires disrupted air travel, with the Federal Aviation Administrationpausing flights Thursday morninginto New York s LaGuardia and nearby Newark airports and Philadelphia International Airport.United Airlinesissued a travel advisoryfor 24 Northeast airports.BUSINESS + FINANCEThe number of people filing newclaims for unemployment insurancerose to its highest levelsince October 2021 as major companies slash their workforces.Inflation is driving consumers to look for ways to save money, and that buoyed Walmart toreclaim its titleas theworld s largest retailer onForbes  Global 2000 list. Meanwhile, Amazon, which fell from the No. 1 spot, found itself with too many warehouses and workers after the pandemic as sales slowed.MORE FORBES 2000: Google parent Alphabet became thelargest tech firm,Disney stayed in the top100 despite a tumultuous year,Marriott jumped in the rankingsas travel came roaring back and Nestlé continued its more than a decade-long streak as the largest food company.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPAfter going back and forth with LVMH chairman Bernard Arnault,Tesla CEO Elon Muskended Thursday as theworld s richest personfor the first time in six months. Tesla s stock hit its highest value this year after 10 straight days of gains, propelling Musk s net worth to $220.2 billion.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Robert F. Kennedy Jr. officially announces his candidacy for President on April 19, 2023 in Boston, Massachusetts. An outspoken anti-vaccine activist, RFK Jr. joins self-help author Marianne Williamson in the Democratic presidential field of challengers for 2024. (Photo by Scott Eisen/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Agroup of tech executivesincluding Elon Musk and former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey areboosting the campaign of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.against President Joe Biden for the Democratic presidential nomination   despite the Kennedy family scion s history of promoting vaccine skepticism and a string of other conspiracies.MONEY + POLITICSTheSupreme Court struck downAlabama s redrawn congressional map as racially discriminatory, a move thatpreserves the Voting Rights Act s protections against diluting Black residents  votes. The case has implications for other states where redistricting maps are being challenged and could affect the balance of power in the House in upcoming elections.Donald Trump s propertiescharged his Department of Defensenearly $1 millionin the first three years of his presidency, newly-released documents show, an amount that appears far greater than previously reported.  As president, Trump s refusal to divest from his businesses created an environment rife with the potential for abuse,  said Heather Sawyer, executive director of ethics watchdog American Oversight.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT<figure><figcaption>LIV golfer Dustin Johnson earned $111 million over the past 12 months.CODY PICKENS FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>The Saudi-backed LIV Golf, which is set to merge with the PGA Tour, has turbocharged the earnings of golf s top players. Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, who defected to LIV, are thehighest-paid golfers, each earning more than $100 million.DAILY COVER STORYInside Costco s Billion-Dollar Bet On $4.99 Rotisserie Chickens <figure><figcaption>To ensure a steady supply of the customer favorites, Costco built a slaughterhouse from scratch in a state better known for its beef.GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Miles from the nearest Costco Wholesale store, probes in a Nebraska slaughterhouse inject a sweet and salty marinade into the meat that will eventually become the retailer siconic $4.99 rotisserie chickens.To ensure a steady supply of the customer favorite amid industry turmoil, Costco has spent an estimated $1 billion to constructthis state-of-the-art plant which ships 1 million chickens a week and build out its own network of chicken farmers. That bill, paid over the past eight years, has helped Costco become theonly retailer to own a chicken slaughterhouse. We ve trussed, we ve marinated it, we ve done all that,  says Walt Shafer, chief operating officer of Costco subsidiary Lincoln Premium Processing, who after 45 years in the chicken industry was tasked with building the plant and its grower network from scratch.  Not only is it a super buy for the consumer, it s become the center of the store, literally, anda centerpiece for Costco. It s why we re here. That s why we exist. Under Lincoln Premium Processing, Costco has secured around 100 million of the 400 million chickens it s estimated to sell annually.Launching the facilityhasn t been without its obstaclesin a state known more for beef from an increasing call to ban new factory farms to the avian flu. But Lincoln Premium has set out to do things differently, like changing the typical relationship between slaughterhouse and farmer, to try to make what Shafer hopes will be  the best poultry complex in the U.S. WHY IT MATTERS The publicly traded company is trying to shore up its own supply of rotisserie hens at a time when chicken prices have tanked, most of the industry s processors are reeling from price-fixing settlements and an unprecedented outbreak of avian flu has killed nearly 59 million birds nationwide. Through all the industry turmoil, Costco is counting on the sweet and salty perfume of the packaged birds to remain a popular draw.MOREJohn R. Tyson s Settlement With Prosecutor Kicks Off What Could Be A Rough Year For Tyson FoodsFACTS AND COMMENTSDeaths from drug overdose are on the rise, in large part due to the spread andwider availability of opioids. TheWhite House warnedthat without intervention, those numbers could continue to climb:109,000: Estimated number of Americans who died of a drug overdose last year, per the CDC165,000: Projected number of opioid deaths annually by 2025, according to the White HouseEvery 5 Minutes: Someone in the U.S. dies from an overdoseSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSChecking in on a job application can feel like reaching out aimlessly into the dark, but in today s strong job market that keeps recruiters busy,job seekers should follow upwith companies about the status of their application typically aboutone to two weeksafter applying. Be professional, confident and empathetic, and address your note to a specific person, if possible.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6329024694112/QUIZWhich meme stock crashed Thursday and had itsworst day in two yearsafter announcing the termination of its CEO?A. AMCB. BlackberryC. NokiaD. GameStopCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMFollow the money driving politics with Forbes' Checks and Imbalances newsletter, penned by our colleague Zach Everson. Click here to sign up instantly.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMThe 2023 Forbes Iconoclast Summit will convene the world s most iconic visionaries, financial titans, pioneering technologists and key executives including Mellody Hobson and Ray Dalio for conversations on the most critical issues impacting our economy and markets today. Join us in New York City on June 12.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Follow the money driving politics with Forbes' Checks and Imbalances newsletter, penned by our colleague Zach Everson. Click here to sign up instantly.The 2023 Forbes Iconoclast Summit will convene the world s most iconic visionaries, financial titans, pioneering technologists and key executives including Mellody Hobson and Ray Dalio for conversations on the most critical issues impacting our economy and markets today. Join us in New York City on June 12.