This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,How many times have you bought tickets to see your favorite artist in concert, only to see the price jump during checkout because of service fees? That surprise cost may be a thing of the past as President Joe Biden announced a new rule theFTC is proposing to ban  junk fees.  Junk fees are commonly associated with concert tickets, especially after the Ticketmaster fiasco with Taylor Swift s Eras Tour last year. But the rule would ban any mandatory fees that hide the full cost of a good or service, including ATM fees, cleaning and service fees for Airbnbs or VRBOs or convenience fees for many online transactions.The fees, the CFPB describes,  far exceed the marginal cost of the service they purport to cover. BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>A missile explodes in Gaza City during an Israeli air strike on October 8, 2023. Israel, reeling from the deadliest attack on its territory in half a century, formally declared war on Hamas Sunday after the Palestinian militant group launched a massive surprise assault from Gaza. (Photo by MAHMUD HAMS / AFP) (Photo by MAHMUD HAMS/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>At least22 U.S. citizens have been killed in Israelsince Palestinian militant group Hamas launched an attack from Gaza on Saturday that was the deadliest on Israel in decades, andat least 2,300 Israelis and Palestinians have died. As Israeli forces continued bombarding the Palestinian territory following the attack, theUN said the number of internally displaced people in Gaza has exceeded 300,000, and efforts to establish a humanitarian corridor for civilians reportedly hit a wall.Thousands of autoworkers walked out of Ford s biggest plant, asignificant and unexpected escalation of the United Auto Workers strikeagainst the Big Three Automakers. In the four weeks since the strike started, the UAW has targeted smaller plants and announced its walkouts publicly before stoppages began, but union leaders said they called the strike after the company refused to improve upon a contract offer it tabled two weeks ago in a meeting with Ford executives. The Kentucky plant isone of the largest auto factories in the world and brings in $25 billion in revenueeach year.BUSINESS + FINANCEExxon Mobilwill acquire Pioneer Natural Resourcesas part of an all-stock transaction valued at $59.5 billion, the largest deal by the oil giant in decades as it looks to expand its gas production in Texas. Exxon will acquire Pioneer s more than 850,000 net acres in the Permian Basin in West Texas,  more than doubling  Exxon s output in a region that accounted for 18% of all U.S. natural gas production in 2022, according to the Energy Information Administration.Germansandal maker Birkenstock flopped on its first day of tradingon the Nasdaq stock exchange,bucking the recent trend of explosive debuts for newly public companies such as chip designer Arm, grocery deliverer Instacart and marketing automation firm Klaviyo. Birkenstock started trading its stock Wednesday at $46 a share with a $9.3 billion valuation, but fell 12% by the end of the day and now has a market capitalization of $7.6 billion.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>JAMES O'BRIEN/OCCRP</figcaption></figure>For years, the tiny Caribbean island nation of Dominica has allowed foreigners to buy citizenshipto attract more investment into the local economy.While Dominican authorities claim to run  due diligence checks  on all investors,a joint investigation by , the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project, the Government Accountability Project and other media outlets foundthat the country has given passports to at least three Russian oligarchs who have since been sanctioned and a controversial crypto investor now wanted in Singapore.Billionaires havestarted to respond to the attacks by the terrorist group Hamason Israelis, but so far, just a few have publicly stepped up to make donationsto groups like the Israeli Red Cross. The billionaires who have given include financial information and media mogul Mike Bloomberg, Russian-born venture capitalist Yuri Milner, Oklahoma-based Lynn Schusterman and Home Depot cofounder Bernard (Bernie) Marcus.TECH + INNOVATIONSchools across the U.S. and Israel areurging parents to ensure their children delete TikTok, Instagram, Facebook and Telegram  immediately in anticipation of the terrorist group Hamas broadcasting videos executing hostages it has taken in its surprise attack against Israel. Gruesome videos of the violence have quickly gone viral on the world s most widely-used social media platforms, testing the companies  policies and processes to prevent or remove harmful content. In an email seen byForbes, the principal of a private school in New Jersey cited an Israeli psychologist who said:  The videos and testimonies we are currently exposed to arebigger and crueler than our souls can contain. Soroka Medical Center, an Israeli hospital just east of Gaza in Beersheva, is nowusing facial recognition software from Corsight AItohelp family members locate their missing loved ones.It takes an image of a person, including individuals whose features have been impacted by physical trauma, and finds a match amongst photos sent in by concerned family members, according to Ofer Ronen, an executive at the company, which is providing the technology to the hospital for free.San Francisco-based startup Moonhub, whose AI agenthelps hiring managers at AI unicorns like Anthropic and Inflection find and recruit employees,announced Wednesday that it raised $10 millionin seed funding. Recruiters can query Moonhub s conversational chatbot to find hundreds of relevant candidates by feeding it contextual information like the job description and company information.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>U.S. Speaker of the House nominee Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA), joined by his wife Jennifer (R), speaks to the media as he leaves a House Republican caucus meeting where the conference voted on a Speaker of House nominee in the Longworth House Office Building on October 11, 2023 in Washington, DC. The House Republicans nominated House Majority Leader Steve Scalise (R-LA) to replace recently ousted former Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-CA). (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>HouseRepublicans nominated Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.) over Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) to replace the ousted Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) as the next House speaker in a closed-door meeting Wednesday. But Scalise, the House majority leader, willneed to secure votes from the majority of the House in a formal election, and the election was delayed as Scalise seemed to come up short of the support he needed.New York Republican representatives launched an effort toexpel fellow New York Republican Rep. George Santosfrom the House of Representatives as Santos faces 10 more charges  including conspiracy to commit offenses against the U.S., wire fraud and making materially false statements to the FEC. Rep. Anthony D Esposito said in a statement on X that he would introduce the resolution  to rid the People s House of fraudster, George Santos  Wednesday. Itwould need support from two-thirds of the House to succeed.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTThehappiest place on earth is getting a little more expensive:Disney is raising prices on various entry passes,add-ons and parking at Disneyland and Walt Disney World as it invests $60 billion into its parks division and takes heavy losses in its transition from linear television to streaming. At Disneyland in California, the lowest-tier single-day ticket will remain $104, but the highest-tier tickets are rising in price to as much as $194, a roughly 8% increase, the company said.Unicorn AI startupCharacter.AI s latest product launchis a group chat function that makes it sound like you re talking to well-known people like Taylor Swift. Character, backed by nearly $200 million from VCs, hopes toestablish dominance as the go-to app for AI-powered entertainment while adding to its immediate revenue stream.SCIENCE + HEALTHCAREMoreemployers could cover the class of drugs that includes popular weight lossand diabetes drugs Ozempic and Wegovy next year, allowing workers to avoid steep out-of-pocket costs, a new survey found. Without insurance, the drugs can cost more than $1,000 for a 28-day supply, and the high price has caused other workplaces to either stop coverage altogether or up monthly co-pays. Theweight loss medication market is expected to grow to $77 billionby 2030, Morgan Stanley estimates.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSRep. George Santos (R-N.Y.) was indicted on 10 new federal charges Tuesday as prosecutorsallege he orchestrated a wide-ranging fraudulent fundraising scheme, after he previously pleaded not guilty to 13 charges in May. The charges, including wire fraud, false statements, falsifying documents, aggravated identity theft, stealing public money and more,collectively could send the freshman lawmaker to prison for decades.DAILY COVER STORYIn A New Era Of Deepfakes, AI Makes Real News Anchors Report Fake Stories<figure><figcaption>PHOTOS BY TOMAZL/GETTY IMAGES, SIMON2579/GETTY IMAGES, SIMONKR/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE A growing crop of social media users have been enlisting generative AI and other software toproduce seemingly real news segments from top anchors at major news outlets from CBS Evening News  Norah O Donnell to journalists at CNN, the BBC and beyond.Thanks to the technology, the anchors look and sound like themselves. And thanks to the platforms  powerful algorithms, sensational stories and false headlines bearing their names and likeness (or a news outlet s logo) aregoing viral under the guise of being authoritative news. In many cases, these made-up segments featuring real-life broadcasters are drawing more eyeballs than legitimate clips of those same anchors posted on news organizations  blue-check social media accounts.Deepfakes, and lower-budget  cheapfakes,  are not new and this month alone, they ve been used to target everyone from Tom Hanks, whose AI doppelganger was promoting a dental plan, to YouTube s top creator MrBeast, who appeared to be hosting  the world s largest iPhone 15 giveaway. But doctored news broadcasts relying on the voices and faces of high-profile journalists appear to be a newer, and potentially more dangerous, tack.  Videos of news anchors is acompelling vessel for delivering disinformation, said Hany Farid, a professor at UC Berkeley s School of Information who has testified before Congress on deepfakes.Nearly anyone can now employ easy-to-use, readily available AI software to make videos or audio of public figures doing and saying things they never actually did. Deepfakes are often deployed in memes to make people laugh, and the more extreme scenario that this manipulated content could be used to spread mis- or disinformation aimed at changing the course of elections, company IPOs and other high-stakes events has not come to pass.But the 2020 election notably predated the AI explosion ushered in by ChatGPT. It hasheightened fears that AI will transform the looming 2024 electionsinto a chaotic Wild West a concern only intensified by the rise in deepfakes being weaponized as seemingly genuine news reports.WHY IT MATTERS  This is the first time we're facing a war and an election in the era of widely-adopted, easily accessible AI. (Thanks to the explosion of ChatGPT and the likes, AI is no longer just a buzzword or thing-of-the-future.),  saysForbessenior writer Alexandra Levine.  This has made it easier than ever to use AI or other software to create fake content that looks like the real thing and doing that with legitimate journalists in fake new segments is dangerous. We're already seeing how manipulated audio is undermining authoritative reporting from on the ground in Israel and Gaza, and that does not bode well for other high-stakes events like the 2024 presidential election. MORETikTok Has Pushed Chinese Propaganda Ads To Millions Across EuropeFACTS AND COMMENTSPeople who rent their home rather than owning age faster than those experiencing unemployment or who ve previously smoked, according toa new study by Australian researchersthat looked at the stress of renting in British adults. Not having the money to pay rent, being exposed to environmental hazards at a rental property, the hassle of moving and morehave "real and significant consequences for health, the researchers found:100%: The stress of renting causes biological aging at a rate of 100% more than being unemployed, and 50% more than smokingTwo and a half: The number of weeks renters add to their biological age each year when compared to those who own, the study suggestsFourth:The ranking of poverty as a risk factor for death among Americans behind heart disease, cancer and smokingSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSPeople naturally want to grow, andoffering quality professional development opportunitiesis an important way to make employees feel cared for. When considering what professional development and training to offer, it s critical to gobeyond just the technical to help workers build interpersonal and intrapersonal skills.Seek feedback from employees on whether the opportunities are meeting their needs.QUIZAn iconic piece of rock n  roll history is up for auction in Nashville soon. The historic guitarowned by which rock legend is expected to fetch between $1 million and $2 million?A. Eric ClaptonB. George HarrisonC. Bruce SpringsteenD. Jimi HendrixCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet inspired by young movers and makers out to change the world our Under 30 newsletter sends every Friday. You can sign-up here.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Get inspired by young movers and makers out to change the world our Under 30 newsletter sends every Friday. You can sign-up here.