ToplineFormer Rep. Madison Cawthorn (R-N.C.) pleaded guilty Friday to attempting to bring a loaded gun through security at an airport last year, according to multiple  reports, resolving a case which bookended a series of scandalsthat led to his stunning political downfall and failed reelection bidlast year.<figure><figcaption>The writing on the wall: Then Rep. Madison Cawthorn (R-N.C.) watches results from the North Carolina primary election with staff, volunteers, family and friends at his campaign headquarters on May 17, 2022 in Hendersonville, North Carolina.Jabin Botsford/Washington Post via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsCawthorn s penalty for the third-degree misdemeanor charge of possession of a dangerous weapon on city property is reportedly a $250 fine.The then congressman was cited last April for having a gun in his carry-on bag at Charlotte Douglas International Airport just weeks before he lost his reelection bid to a Republican primary challenger.Cawthorn told reporters outside a Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, courthouse Friday that he was unaware he had a gun in his carry-on bag, and also strongly indicated he will seek elected office again, according to the.Cawthorn s attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment fromForbes.Crucial Quote I think I ll return to politics one day,  Cawthorn reportedly said.  I love the country too much to sit on the sidelines forever. You need to get involved in politics or be destined to be ruled by lesser men. Key BackgroundCawthorn s once widely hyped political rise came to a screeching halt last May when he only captured 31.9% of the Republican primary vote in his bid for a second term in Congress, falling short of now Rep. Chuck Edwards (R-N.C.). Cawthorn won election to the House in 2020 at age 25 making him the youngest person elected to Congress since Jed Johnson Jr. in 1964 and he quickly became a favorite among the hard right. Former President Donald Trump repeatedly praised him as a future Republican leader and was one of the few top Republicans who continued backing Cawthorn as his mounting scandals captured national headlines last spring while congressional Republican leaders distanced themselvesfrom Cawthorn. Comments Cawthorn made suggesting D.C. political figures asked him to take part in a  sexual get-together  while drug control advocates did  key bumps  of cocaine in front of him particularly irritated Republican leadership, along with remarks calling Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky a  thug at the head of an  incredibly evil government.  At the time Cawthorn made the comments, he was already reeling from numerous other controversies, like his  bucket list  visit to the vacation retreat of Nazi dictator and mass murderer Adolf Hitler and allegations that he regularly took  women to secluded areas to forcefully engage in unwanted sexual advances  while a student at Patrick Henry College.Surprising FactIf Cawthorn attempts a political comeback, it likely won t be in his native North Carolina. Cawthorn, following his primary loss,saidhe moved to Florida a match made in Heaven.Further ReadingA Time Line Of Madison Cawthorn s Missteps From Visiting Nazi Retreat To Wild Orgy Claims(Forbes)Madison Cawthorn Loses GOP Primary Amid Controversies(Forbes) He s Lost My Trust : McCarthy Rebukes Cawthorn Over Allegations Of Orgies And Cocaine Use(Forbes)Madison Cawthorn Cited For Carrying Gun At Charlotte Airport(Forbes)Rep. Madison Cawthorn Blasts Ukraine s Zelensky As A  Thug (Forbes)