ToplineOliver Anthony the country singer who skyrocketed to the top of music charts for his working class anthem  Rich Men North of Richmond  criticized the politicians, namely conservatives, who have attached themselves to his message in a videopostedFriday.<figure><figcaption>Anthony said his chart-topping song is directed at the conservative political figures who have attached themselves to his message.Mike Caudill for Billbaord/Billboard via Getty</figcaption></figure>Key FactsAnthonysaidhe was disappointed to see the way people wrapped politics into his music, adding that he s aggravated  seeing people on conservative news trying to identify with me, like I m one of them. The country singersaidwhile he s thrilled with the global response from the song, he's annoyed with the musicians and politicians acting like  we re buddies  and  like we re fighting the same struggle here. He specificallynotedthe song s mention at Wednesday s GOP primary debate and described it as funny to see the candidates discuss a song he said he wrote about them.Anthony said the positive response multiple videos of the country singer performing  Rich Men North of Richmond  have hundreds of thousands of comments and millions of views on YouTube to the song from people around the world  terrifies the people that I sing about in that song. Crucial Quote  It s hard to get a message out about your political ideology or your belief about the world in three minutes and some change, but I do hate to see that song being weaponized,  Anthonysaidin the video.  I see the right trying to characterize me as one of their own and I see the left trying to discredit me, I guess in retaliation. Big Number 26.3 million. That s how many views a clip of Anthony s songpostedon X, the platform previously known as Twitter, received in the 15 days since the country singer first posted it.Surprising Fact Rich Men North of Richmond ranks No. 1onBillboardHot 100, No. 1 on the iTunes chart and No. 1 on the Apple Music daily streams chart.Key Background Anthony, a farmer from Farmville, Virginia, firstpostedthe song on YouTube on August 1 and it became an instant hit. Conservative politicians and pundits have adopted the song as their own. Rep. Majorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.), for example,calledthe song an  anthem of the forgotten Americns who truly support this nation.  Among the lyrics included in the hit are critiques of the government for the way it handles social issues. Anthony notes the  obese milkin  welfare,  and being  taxed to no end  among his themes in the song. Anthony said music, which he s posted on his YouTube page since 2020, is an outlet for the difficult life experiences he s had including spending  a lot of nights getting high and getting drunk  and his 12-hour shifts in a North Carolina factory. But those lyrics have also come under fire from some critics whosaythe song promotes negative stereotypes about welfare receipts andencouragesfatphobic rhetoric.Further Reading Controversial  Rich Men North Of Richmond  Oliver Anthony's Hit Song Championed By The Right Explained(Forbes)Oliver Anthony Dominates iTunes Chart As  Rich Men North Of Richmond  Hype Boosts His Other Songs(Forbes)