TOM SHILLUE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thanks to Guy Benson, Joe Machi, Kat Timpf, Tyrus and our studio audience.FOX NEWS @ NIGHT is next. I'm Tom Shillue I'm on behalf of Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening, I'm Chris Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, anti-Israel protesters at Columbia and other elite universities just got a major endorsement tonight. A senior Hamas leader and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine calls the protesters, "our students at American universities". And the statement comes as dozens of students are being arrested at the University of Texas, Austin.And now a live look at the University of Southern California where protests appear to be heating up and the students appear to be staying a while.Meantime in New York, the speaker of the House make note of the terrorist support, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Today, Hamas issued an endorsement statement of the protesters on this campus. They called them the future leaders of America. They have screamed at those who bear the Star of David.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We can't hear you. We can't hear you.JOHNSON: Enjoy your free speech.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mike you suck. Mike you suck. Mike you suck.JOHNSON: It was chaos on that campus. I mean, we were looking out to a sea of students faces with rage. So many of them, Jesse, don't even know what the heck they're talking about. They don't know what Hamas has done. They deny the facts of October 7th, some of them denied 9/11.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, as you saw Speaker Johnson was not treated to a friendly welcome by student agitators on their sixth day of protest.We have team Fox coverage. Steve Harrigan live in New York at Columbia University, but we begin with Matt Finn, he's live for us here in Los Angeles. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, today was an organized day of resistance with anti-Israel demonstrations at schools like USC here in Southern California at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore. And here are some fiery scenes from the University of Texas at Austin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: From Gaza to Mexico.FINN (voice over): Police at the University of Texas, Austin made more than 20 arrests. The Student Affairs Division there warned the school is not going to tolerate campus disruptions during finals. Video shows police first asking demonstrators to peacefully disperse, protesters chanted pigs go home.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pigs go home. Pigs go home. Pigs go home. Pigs go home.FINN (voice over): And tonight, yet another major university here in California was overrun by protesters demanding a ceasefire in Gaza.Protesters at USC clashed with police earlier in the day then law enforcement issued a dispersal order around 5:30 this evening, dozens of protesters did not comply and formed circles locking arms.Video shows people agitating police and throwing water bottles at officers. USC writing about the protesters, "Their actions have escalated to the point of confrontation and have threaten the safety of our officers and campus community."Earlier this evening, a USC student told Fox News, Jewish students are afraid to wear a yarmulkes.JARED ZELMAN, USC ALUMNUS: It's scary, it's frightening. And the issue is it may not affect everybody in our country. But these people are young, and they're going to age. And at some point, they're going to make up an extremely influential segment of Americans people and we are all going to suffer the consequences.(END VIDEOTAPE)FINN (on camera): And the majority of these protesters are demanding their school stop funding anything to do with Israel, including companies and universities, Trace.GALLAGHER: It's amazing. The pictures are unbelievable. Matt Finn live for us here in L.A. Matt, we'll get back to you later.Meantime, the anti-Israel movement appears to still be going strong in New York City where protesters now camping out in tents on campus and seeing their deadline move yet again. The Senior Correspondent Steve Harrigan is live on the ground at Columbia University. Steve, good evening.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. Another 200 protesters arrested overnight, many of them arrested near Senator Schumer's house where they were disturbing traffic and pretty interesting.And dramatic confrontation between the Speaker of the House Johnson as well as several hundred protesters here at Columbia. He came here, he talked to Jewish students and faculty members for some time and then came out and really had a faceoff with several hundred protesters. They tried to shut him down. They jeered at him, they insulted him.Johnson said basically, Hamas supports you and supports your movement. He said it's wrong for Jewish students here at Columbia to feel like they have a target on their backs. And he also basically criticized and scolding them, saying you're wasting your parent's money, you should get back to school.Now, Columbia has shifted a deadline a couple of times now already about when they're going to remove these tents from campus. It was supposed to be midnight last night at 3:00 a.m. It got moved to 8:00 in the morning. Now it's got pushed back another 48 hours.University says if they don't dismantle these tents, they are going to take certain measures but they're not saying what those measures are. The speaker was a lot more blunt. He said basically, calling in the National Guard is an option and that the protesters, if they disobey, they should be arrested.Trace, back to you.GALLAGHER: And on it goes. Steve Harrigan, we'll get back to you as the news warrants, live for us at Columbia University. Steve, thank you.While the Fox News in the Common Sense Department is finding it easy to come up with topics these days, progressive members of Congress, aka, The Squad, keep churning out heaping helpings of nonsense. That common sense can then pasteurize into products that are safe to consume.The latest gift comes from Congresswoman Ilan Omar who offered up two separate tasty bits of bad information. One is that police are the ones that, "ignited" these anti-Israel protests on campus. Maybe it's just coincidence that Omar's anti-police diatribe comes amid her daughter being among those arrested at Columbia.Then, there is bad info part two, that this is all about genocide in Gaza. Common sense thinks, if this is truly about genocide, why are university protesters spending so much time attacking Jewish students, aka, their classmates?Are the Jewish students advising Netanyahu? Are they trading their Lulu lemons for IDF gear trekking to the frontlines of Gaza 6,000 miles away and somehow making it back for 8:00 a.m. philosophy? Does anyone anywhere believe the cops and the Jewish underclassmen are colluding?These protesters are simply the racial justice crowd with new slogans. No justice, no peace is now genocide Joe.Common sense thinks it won't be long until the righteous movement starts busting windows near you.And with that, let's bring in Columbia University student Eden Yadegar and Republican New York City councilwoman Inna Vernikov. Thank you both for coming on.Eden, I know you're home for Passover, you intend to go back to Columbia. I wanted to play this because this is a Columbia protesters saying that this is what they were taught, listen to her and I'll get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What we have is this encampment that has shown solidarity with each other, with other colleges, with the Palestinian people. And that is something that the administration cannot take away from us.The way they've been treating us is as if we're strangers in our own campus, as if they hadn't been teaching us what we're applying here this encampment.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, these are the same people who a year ago, two years ago called words violence and now they're using these violent words. What do you make of what's happening on your campus?EDEN YADEGAR, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY STUDENT: I mean, thank you for having me. It's very clear to me and to all the Jewish students on campus that what we're seeing isn't free speech. Freedom of speech does not include freedom to harass, nor freedom to intimidate.My friends have been punched, my friends have been hit. My friends have been shoved, flags have been set on fire on Columbia's campus. I mean, that is not what the First Amendment protects.And you know, these protesters are calling for Tel Aviv to be burned to the ground, to bomb Tel Aviv. They're calling for an Intifada revolution. And then in the same breath calling for a ceasefire and hypocrisy is absolutely astounding.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. Inna Vernikov, I want to go to you now because as we start at the top of the newscast with this, this endorsement now, these Columbia students, elite university protesters are now being endorsed by, you know, one of the leaders of Hamas by the -- by the Palestine Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine. What do you make of this? They're seeing this, they're recognizing this, and they see that it is beneficial for them.INNA VERNIKOV, REPUBLICAN NEW YORK CITY COUNCILWOMAN: First of all, thank you so much for having me, Trace. Look, there's an illegal occupation going on right now. And it's not in the Middle East. It's in the encampments of Columbia University, NYU and other universities across America.The American people need to understand that this is a result of decades of indoctrination, Marxist indoctrination across American academia that has engulfed our college campuses. And that is the ideology that believes that Jews are the oppressors, that Jews are white privilege and therefore by definition, they cannot be victims.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. It's exactly what is happening on campuses and it's spreading and we're going to talk about this, the University of Southern California.Meantime, back to Eden because I want to play this soundbite, I thought it was instructive. This is a Jewish professor at NYU who had this to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTT GALLOWAY, JEWISH NYU PROFESSOR: I can tell you if I went into the NYU square with a white hood on and said, Lynch the blacks have burned the gays, my idea would be shut off by that night, there would be no need for the words context or nuance. I wouldn't be protected by terms like First Amendment or free speech, I would be out of the world of academia.It seems like we have a double standard when it comes to hate speech, as long as it's against Jews.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Eden, it doesn't seem like there's a double standard, there is a double standard, he would be blackballed. He would be taken out of his job, and so would anybody else. And yet, we see these protests go on with impunity.YADEGAR: Absolutely. I mean, there is very much a double standard. And it's only reinforced by our administration's lack of action in condemning this rhetoric, in condemning these hateful actions.I mean, it is so ridiculous to me that every single marginalized group gets to define their own identity, gets to define what oppresses them. But when it comes to Jews, somehow, when we cry anti-Semitism, it's written off.We're told that we're weaponizing our Jewish identities when really we're being targeted because of them.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Inna, I just want to ask you, because Eden was telling us, you know, her friends have been punched. We have other students who say, their friends, their non-Jewish friends have told them to stay off campus because they're worried about their safety. What do you say to that?VERNIKOV: You know, my message to these students is, I understand that you're afraid but I wish that you all come together and be brave and come back to campus. I know it might not be easy, and we're going to keep pushing for the president to do the right thing to let the NYPD back onto the campus to expel the agitators, to expel the Hamas supporters and we're going to keep supporting you as much as we can.GALLAGHER: Inna Vernikov, Eden Yadegar thank you so much for coming on. Best of luck to you and we're curious to see what happens when you go back to school.YADEGAR: Thank you so much.VERNIKOV: Thank you for having me.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are living in an in a parallel universe of unknown and pain and confusion and the world of no answers. And it's very hard for friends and family to really understand that pain because it's so unique and different.What we can do is just pray that he, you know, keep praying that he somehow hears his parents calling to him. Be strong, survive, be strong.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Be strong, survive, you know, we did not know how strong Hersh Goldberg-Polin truly is until today because when I spoke to his parents in Israel six months ago, just after October seventh, they knew that Hersh had lost part of his arm.And while they were hopeful, they knew the situation was dire. But now they have gotten video confirmation that Hersh is alive 200 days later, the Goldberg-Polins are not ready to be interviewed at this time. And can you blame them but here is their statement, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JON POLIN, HERSH'S FATHER: Seeing a video of Hersh today is overwhelming. We're relieved to see him alive. But we are also concerned about his health and wellbeing as well as that of all the other hostages and all of those suffering in this region.And we're here today with a plea to all of the leaders of the parties who have been negotiating to date.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, let's bring in the coauthor of Stolen Youth, Montgomery County Maryland School Board candidate Bethany Mandel along with the founder of Lest People Forget, Elizabeth Pipko.Bethany to you first, you know, when I interviewed the Goldberg-Polins there, I was kind of saying, you know, we talked about it and we left and I thought, man, it's such a strong family to think that you know, because you saw the video that your son lost part of his arm and to wonder what's happening and then for 200 days not to hear anything and to hear that he's alive. I can't even imagine what that is, the emotional roller coaster that is, Bethany.BETHANY MANDEL, COAUTHOR OF 'STOLEN YOUTH': Yes, they have been incredible throughout. They have become really the public face of a lot of the hostage families because they have perfect English, they're American. And they have been tireless. They met with the Pope, Elon Musk, President Biden. And they've been wearing the tape on their shirts just like I'm wearing tonight with the number of days that Hersh has been held hostage along with 133 other innocent souls.And thank God they got this confirmation of life but I think this just added to the fire of like, we need to get all these people out now before it's too late.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's interesting because, you know, you see what's happening in Congress. You see what's happening with this administration. Elizabeth Pipko and you see Nancy Pelosi calling for Netanyahu to step down and you think during all this, why not -- why not talk about the hostages? Why not put the focus back on the hostages? Why not have Hamas surrender? Why not talk about what's happening in Iran? Instead, we're going after Israel in the middle of a war.ELIZABETH PIPKO, FOUNDER, LEST PEOPLE FORGET: Right. I thought it was honestly incredibly inappropriate. The State of Israel is obviously one of our closest allies. But it's also a fellow democracy. I don't think that the leadership in Israel should be up to anyone except the Israeli citizens. And that should be blatantly obvious if not to the people of Israel, opposite to the leadership here in the United States of America.Also, you said, why not talk about the hostages? Why not talk about what's happening here at home? I think if our politicians want to speak up, they should speak up about what's happening in our own backyard or college campuses that are on fire, with young people screaming for terrorists, and not the leadership in Israel, which should be up to no one but the Israeli people.GALLAGHER: You're exactly right. The Wall Street Journal writes the following here, quoting, not every college campus is Columbia, and not every synagogue in America is feeling vulnerable. But once upon a time, American synagogues hired cops to direct traffic. Now they need a whole security and intelligence apparatus to live freely as Jews.I mean, you wonder, and a lot of people must be asking, what is happening here, Bethany?MANDEL: Yes, I mean, I would disagree with the assertion that we were ever totally safe in our synagogue, but for sure, especially since 10/7. We've had armed security sitting outside for sure, we had it before 10/7 too.But it's a scary moment as an American Jew when you have on the campuses of the most elite universities in the country from coast to coast, people who are chanting, we are Hamas, we support Hamas.And Hamas and the Ayatollah in Iran are saying, you know, we support what they're doing on these campuses. There's something deeply deeply broken and it doesn't seem like the alarm bells are going off.GALLAGHER: No and Elizabeth Pipko, when you started Lest People Forget, your online Holocaust Museum. Did you ever think that you would -- you would see history in some capacity repeat itself?PIPKO: I definitely did not. Look, October 7th was terrifying as it is, but we've seen here is almost as terrifying as the community that I thought would kind of rally around the Jewish people has done the exact opposite. Everything that we've seen happen in this country is the opposite of what I was raised thinking we would end up seeing as the opposite of what I was raised to think and believe and do as an American for any community that is under any kind of threat.Apparently, people were not raised in the same way when it comes to Jewish people. And I think that is blatantly obvious to too many people at this point.GALLAGHER: Yes. Elizabeth Pipko, Bethany Mandel, thank you both.Meantime, an off day in the New York versus Trump criminal trial as the former president awaits a ruling on whether he violated the judge's gag order. This as the Supreme Court is set to hear arguments tomorrow on whether Trump should be immune from federal prosecution.The Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. with the very latest on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. Against the backdrop of the 2024 presidential campaign, the High Court Supreme Court will tomorrow take up the question of whether a former president turned presumptive GOP nominee can be criminally prosecuted for his efforts to remain in power after an election.The case Donald J. Trump versus the United States presenting an unprecedented constitutional quandary for the court and it could determine whether Mr. Trump faces a federal trial this year on four felony counts pressed by Special Counsel Jack Smith, including conspiracy to defraud the U.S. and obstruction of an official proceeding for his attempts to delay or overturn the electoral vote count certifying Mr. Biden's victory.Now, a decision from the court could come any time before the end of June. And if the justices rule that Mr. Trump is immune, well, you might not expect to trial to happen at all.Meantime, the former president and also awaits a ruling on whether he violated a New York court's gag order in his Manhattan criminal trial, and if so what his punishment just might be.The D.A.'S office in New York is asking for $1,000 fine for each of 10 possible violations. And in order to remove all posts in question.Former president and his attorneys argue that his posts represent responses to attacks from others but the Judge Juan Merchan scolded Mr. Trump's lawyer Todd Blanche in court saying he's losing all credibility after he couldn't provide a single example of an attack that precipitated Mr. Trump's posts.Now, court was quiet as you mentioned today, allowing the former president the opportunity albeit briefly, to finally focus a bit on his campaign, Trace.Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in the co-chair of America First Policy Institute Center for Law and Justice, former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. Jonathan Turley said this Pam, I'm wondering if you agree with him, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: What we're watching here is something that I've never seen the likes of. I mean, the judge is allowing this farce to unfold in his courtroom. And everyone just seems to be treating this like they're actually trying a known crime.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Nobody can explain it to me either. I mean, you watch MSNBC, you'd think that Rikers Island is filled with these types of crimes.PAM BONDI, CO-CHAIR, AMERICA FIRST POLICY INSTITUTE CENTER FOR LAW AND JUSTICE: Yes. They make it sound like it's a first degree murder case. And I've tried plenty of trial cases, Trace, and never seen anything like this.Professor Turley, of course is accurate in what he's saying. This gag order is ridiculous. Michael Cohen can be out there saying anything he wants. He's out there every single day trashing Donald Trump. Yet, the defendant who should be afforded all the rights in this case, is afforded no rights. They're trying to gag him not only of his First Amendment right, but from defending himself.You know, and a gag order, Trace, is for jurors not to hear anything, not to be influenced. Yet, these jurors are told not to watch the news, not to listen to anything.Hey, if the judge had a problem with the jurists, he should have sequestered them. And he didn't do that. Yet, he's trying to gag the president.GALLAGHER: What's your take on the Supreme Court and the presidential immunity hearing tomorrow?BONDI: I think it's very important. And I think President Trump should be sitting there. This judge is preventing President Trump from actually respecting the Supreme Court justices. He's the plaintiff in the case from sitting there in the highest court in the land, the Supreme Court will make a decision they can either decide there's no immunity, they can decide there is absolute immunity and dismiss the case or they can decide there's immunity that applies, send it back to the trial court for multiple hearings to occur.But I feel that the ruling will be favorable for President Trump.GALLAGHER: I got to go, Pam. But I just had to ask you about this, the Politico piece saying that all the legal analysts, political analysts from some of these other networks gather for a weekly Zoom meeting to get on the same page legally, it's just baffling for me, 15 seconds to wrap us up.BONDI: Legally, well, there's no legal justification for anything they're saying because President Trump did nothing wrong. That's why they all have to -- have to get together. It's absolutely absurd what's happening and thank goodness for Fox News in this country.GALLAGHER: Pam Bondi, it's great to have you on as always, thank you.Coming up, we will continue monitoring anti-Israel, anti-Semitic protests from coast to coast.And later in the nightcap, restaurant etiquette can be a touchy subject. So naturally, the nightcap team is devouring the debate. If your meal is not to your liking, is it OK to send it back or is it tacky? Is it rude? Let us know, X and Instagram will read the best responses. We are coming back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, anti-Israel protests continuing on campuses across the country at this hour. Let's check back in with the senior correspondent Steve Harrigan. He's live at Columbia University in New York City. Steve, what is this deadline for the encampment keep moving?HARRIGAN: They say negotiations are going well. The deadline now set for Friday at 8:00 a.m. Those tents have to be gone. Will the police be called in? Will the National Guard be called in or will it be peaceful?University also saying now, final exams will be hybrid. That means you can take your final exam and your dorm room, Trace.GALLAGHER: Steve, we'll get back to you as the news warrants. Thank you.Let's bring in Fox News Contributor Steve Hilton, New York police reporter Lydia Moynihan and the founder of Polaris National Security former State Department spokesperson, Morgan Ortagus. Thank you all for coming on.So, Squad member Ilhan Omar calls the college anti-protest -- anti-Israel protest morally correct. Listen to her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): I am incredibly moved by your courage and bravery as a student body, follow your guts. And know that what we are doing, the voices that we are racing to save lives in Gaza is a just and righteous and morally correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And we just accept this Morgan Ortagus as just another radical statement by a far left Squad member.MORGAN ORTAGUS, FORMER STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: Yes, it's pretty unbelievable. We shouldn't get used to it though. You're right, it is easy to sort of be desensitized to it. There's of course a right in this country to peacefully protest. But that's not what we're seeing happening on college campuses.And so many of these university presidents just don't have control of their institutions. And as it relates to the Biden administration, you have to look into -- they put out a strong statement after the Columbia protests when they got extremely anti-Semitic. But it's just merely words.As your reporter said in the last segment, are they going to send in the National Guard to make sure that Jewish students can actually attend classes? What are they going to do?I don't think there's been a time in modern American history when Jewish Americans felt less safe than they do today under President Biden. And that is something that the administration is going to have to contend with and take action on.GALLAGHER: But she talks about the administration contending with this Lydia Moynihan and it's interesting because this Harvard poll, and this is 18 to 29 year olds, it says, who did you vote for in 2020? And look at this, Joe Biden 61 percent, Trump 28 percent. They asked the same question a couple of weeks ago. Who would you vote for if the election were today? Joe Biden, 28 percent; Donald Trump, 25 percent. That is an implosion for Biden, Lydia, and you can see why they are moving left.LYDIA MOYNIHAN, NEW YORK POST REPORTER: Yes, I mean you certainly can't make everyone happy, but I think you can make everyone unhappy, and I think what we're seeing from the Biden administration is just an abject failure to sort of thread the needle because they want to be sympathetic to Palestine, they also don't want to offend the left flank of the party by actually standing up for Israel. So, they find themselves in this very precarious situation. I don't think they can ever really appease the ultra- progressives, who frankly at this point, seem to be pro-Hamas.But I do think that they are alienating a lot of the more moderate Democrats who've been lifelong voters for people like Biden. I've spoken with a number of folks here in New York, lifelong Democrats, they're saying for the first time, they're reconsidering voting for him and they look at the moral clarity we've seen from Mike Johnson at the Columbia campus, from Elise Stefanik, saying this is wrong, this is unacceptable. And I think frankly, that you're going to see this election a lot of Jewish moderates not vote for Biden. I don't know that they're going to vote for trump but they're fed up with what they're saying in the Democratic Party.GALLAGHER: But they are fed up, that's exactly right, Steve Hilton, that's the whole thing is it's -- you're walking on tightrope here and you don't want to alienate the left, but you, you're alienating a lot of Democrats in the process.STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, but what it reveals is the utter weakness and lack of principle of Joe Biden, is what I've always said about him. He has no conviction, he's nothing but a weak machine politician who goes with wherever he thinks is going to advantage him politically. Let's just remember something about Ilhan Omar, right?GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: Think of all the lectures we've had from her and her far-left friends about racism, right? It's their favorite insult. You're a racist. On and on.GALLAGHER: Right. Right.HILTON: Look at what's going on there. That speech from her, everything she's been saying, it is pure racism. We call it anti-Semitism. It is actually racism, pure and simple. It is obscene.GALLAGHER: Yes, and we talk about this all the time, and as Morgan was saying, all of a sudden, it's just normalized. I want to move on a little bit to the foreign aid package, Monmouth Poll. Foreign aid package refers to question 15, right? So, here's the thing, are you in favor of this? 43 percent say yes, Democrats, 65. Republicans are a little bit more reticent, Morgan. Independence also a little bit skeptical. What do you think?ORTAGUS: Well, listen, you had, I think it was about 79 senators that voted yes for this. In any of these big bills, there's something, there's some things that people are going to like. I think Republicans like the support for Israel. They may not agree with the support for Ukraine.I think it's important for Republicans to pivot and to remind people that it was under the Biden administration when Putin decided to invade Ukraine. It's been two years of this war that Biden has helped extend because he delayed the aid, he took away the military aid that President Trump gave in his administration, and all of these things that he has done, all of these policy decisions have actually extended the war and made it last longer.So, I don't think Biden should be getting a free pass, like he somehow managed this properly. It's been a disaster over the past two years. I think Republicans are doing the best that they can in this situation, and we certainly needed Israel aid. We need more on the border. Congress's work is not done.GALLAGHER: No, it's not. The U.S. is sending more military aid to Israel. The support is not what you'd expect. Well, maybe it is. Support, 36 percent for Democrats. This is among Democrats, 53 percent opposed, Steve.HILTON: It's amazing. If you think about how this party liked to pride itself about its support among the Jewish population of this country, completely reversed itself, again, in pursuit of pandering to the far left. And look what they've done. They've actually destroyed support among their party for Israel, something that was a bedrock principle for so many years.GALLAGHER: Yes, Lydia, do you think Democrats, as you said earlier, might be kind of rethinking their support?MOYNIHAN: Certainly. I mean, these are the moderates the Democrats need to win the election. I think for the first time, you're seeing a lot of these folks re-evaluate. So, I don't know who they go to because, again, they're not going to win over those ultra-progressives. Those folks seem really fed up with Biden, maybe a little for Ilhan Omar, but that's certainly not enough to take Biden to victory if he's losing both the left-flank and the moderates.GALLAGHER: Lydia Moynihan, Morgan Ortagus, Steve Hilton, thank you all.Coming up, we're keeping an eye on all the breaking news out of the college campus protests. Also, coming up, one high school student is delivering her own sort of protest in an op-ed against California's increasingly woke education. She will join us live next, and you want to see what she has to say. It's coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Meantime, to education now. A number of new fronts have opened up in California. As parents war against a woke education system. Ashley Strohmier is live with that story tonight. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace, once again California's so-called woke education system is causing controversy in places like Berkeley, California where a public high school is being accused of trying to hide pro-Hamas coursework from parents. According to the Daily Signal, a lawsuit filed by the Deborah Project, accuses the Berkeley Unified School District of "teaching kids mendacious and malicious lies about Hamas's terrorist attack on Israel that are grossly inaccurate."At Glassbrook Elementary School, a teacher was placed on leave after taking issue with a woke kindergarten program that teaches progressive politics and activism. A school district official tells us tonight that the teacher returned to the classroom on March 7th and debate over what parents should know about their own kids' gender identities may just make it to the November ballot. But supporters of the measure are facing headwinds after a judge recently sided with California's Attorney General Rob Bonta, who changed the name of the measure from Protect Kids of California Act to Restrict Rights of Transgender Youth.One high school student recently spoke out on the issue writing, "Instead of teachers notifying parents and coming together with them and the students to offer them counseling and support, they tell kids to change their gender and all of their problems will be solved. And Trace, that student Jordan Brace says many of those students end up depressed and suicidal. Back to you.GALLAGHER: Ashley, thank you. Let's bring in that student, California high school student who branded the state's education system a failure, Jordan Brace, and PragerU Kids Outreach Director Jill Simonian. Jordan, thank you so much for coming on. Jill, great to have you as well. In your Teen Opinion, you wrote the following, quoting here: "It seems like the entire California Department of Education is more focused on diversity, equity, and inclusion and their woke ideologies than giving students a proper education." What are students, Jordan Brace, your age, not being taught, not being exposed to?JORDAN BRACE, TRUMP SUPPORTER: I feel that kids my age and just, you know, all throughout our country are now being exposed to, you know, diversity, equity, and inclusion, rather than, you know, conservative values and things that they should be learning about.In our country, we are -- California is 33rd in math and 38th in reading, which is pretty low. And I think that instead of focusing on DEI and things that are being used to divide us, we should be focusing more on students' education, and making sure that they have the skills and tools that they need to have a successful future.GALLAGHER: Yes, well said. Jill Simonian, she's right, I want to put the numbers up there because she's exactly spot on on this. California students performing at grade level: English, 46 percent. Math, 34 percent. Science, 30 percent. One out of three, kids. One out of, almost one out of two, English. That means half the kids, at least half or more, are being failed by the education system and we are focusing on DEI.JILL SIMONIAN, PRAGERU KIDS OUTREACH DIRECTOR: Absolutely, it's terrifying and this is something that we talk about all the time at PragerU Kids. We're trying to teach what isn't taught and what isn't taught is well the fundamentals to allow kids to grow up to be informed citizens with actual knowledge about our history. And DEI, you know, we talk about diversity, what is real diversity?Diversity is diversity of thought, freedom of thought, diversity of opinion, diversity of perspective, how we live together here, very different in the United States, but we are all Americans together. And when I read this article that this young woman wrote, I was so filled with, I was so much filled with hope because it really proves that young people are intelligent and they are catching on to this and they're not going to have it anymore.GALLAGHER: And Jordan, I also wrote this down because this is one of the things you put up and it's quoting here, "We don't see differences, we see equality." Talking about you and your fellow students. "We don't look to our teachers or the Department of Education for guidance, we look toward our parents." It's a good statement, Jordan, and what did you mean? Expand on that for us?BRACE: I think that the whole school system is essentially grooming kids in our nation and teaching them just the wrong things. Like my mom is a huge role model in my life and I know that the same goes for my friends and the rest of the people at my school. I think it's very important to look to our parents for role models instead of being influenced by the Department of Education.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think you're exactly right. I have two daughters and the same thing, they look to their mom, they always would. Jill, I mean, same thing, right? You think this is what kids do. They're not looking to the school to raise them.SIMONIAN: No, they're not. And I'm a mom, I have two daughters, and we know that our values begin at home, and we take our values, and we go into the world and we recognize evil and we recognize goodness, and it's our job to become educated and informed citizens of this country. And you know, our school system, not only in California, but nationwide, we are the only school system that is actively teaching our children to hate this country, and to divide each other by differences. It's painful.GALLAGHER: Jordan, your last line, I've got about 10 seconds for you. Let us know what's the big takeaway from your op-ed that you wrote. What's the most important thing?BRACE: I honestly think that this school system is not only failing students, but parents too. They're taking away not only their rights to their children's education, but their rights to their lives at home. I mean, parents who aren't allowing their children to go ahead and transition their genders and stuff are being called domestic terrorists, and I think that's absolutely ridiculous.GALLAGHER: Yes, I agree with you. Jordan Brace, you're a guiding light. Jill Simonian, thank you both.SIMONIAN: Thank you.GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS". You're thinking, are there birds in the background? Nope, nope, those are not birds, actual people competing in the European Championship of Gull Screeching. This year's winner was a Portuguese scientist in the junior category, a 9-year-old boy from the U.K.New South Wales just saw an incredible event in the night sky when a leered meteor shower, an electrical storm, and the northern lights all kind of combined to create this extraordinary scene. Pretty cool, right?And a bus in D.C. confused onlookers when it seemed to take an alternate route through the grassy area of Washington's Navy Yard. On X, many who'd witnessed the bus' strange detour, joked there might be a new bus stop in the works, but Metro clarified that the bus didn't have any passengers on board and was taking an authorized route while partaking in a clean energy event. Of course it is, right?If you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.Here we go, coming up, when you're eating out, is it rude to send your food back if it does not meet your expectations -- you're paying big dollars, or would you think it's kind of tacky? Let us know at X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: "NIGHTCAP" crew coming up in moments. Wanted to give you a live look here at the University of Southern California. The protests are ongoing there. It's about 8:52 here on the West Coast. We saw police pushing people back earlier. It's kind of unclear how big the police presence is there. We'll continue to look at this and let you know what's happening as the protests across the country go on.Meantime, we are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Steve Hilton, Jill Simonian, and Elizabeth Pipko. Tonight's topic, restaurant etiquette. Is sending food back at a restaurant acceptable? Is it rude? Do you ever send food back because it's a big thing, it's viral on the Internet? Do you send it back or do you always keep it? Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: You know, every time I've wanted to, I never have. I keep it and I just pay the bill and then they ask what's wrong, was it wrong? No, nothing's wrong.GALLAGHER: The, the meek --STROHMIER: It's white lie.GALLAGHER: I'm not a send it back person. Jill Simonian?SIMONIAN: I'm kind of with her, I kind of just cope with it unless it's a health issue where something isn't cooked or if it's raw or you know when it's not supposed to be, I kind of just cope with it.GALLAGHER: I'm just throwing you know, I'm just spitballing this but I'm thinking Steve Hilton is not among the just keeping it and going with it.HILTON: Well, so first of all, the little-known fact about me is that I was a restaurateur. I started two restaurants in London. And I never, the chefs get really upset if the food comes back. So, I always, if I send something back, try to explain why and try to say that it's for some specific reason and not because there's something wrong with the chef. But yes, I will not put up with inferior quality.GALLAGHER: Of course, Matt Finn.FINN: I think we all agree, you can do it, but you have to proceed at your own risk, because none of us are convinced that the chef is not going to mess with your food.GALLAGHER: Yes, amen. There you go. They used to say, oh, the chef's going to do something. Elizabeth Pipko.PIPKO: Yes, I have to piggyback off what was just said. I never have the guts to send food back, because no matter what's wrong with it, it's going to taste a lot worse with the spit in it after I've yelled. So, I'd rather just keep that to myself.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke.CORKE: I've worked in food service. Don't do it. Don't. I never have.GALLAGHER: Yes, don't send it back. But I got to say, you know, the steak comes in the steak is not right and you're spending like 75 bucks, you know, get it right -- get it right the first time. Here it is, is sending a meal back acceptable? Yes, on Instagram 85 percent; X, 81 percent. How's that?Jeanette, "No, because I have PTSD from when others sent it back. I wanted to hide under the table."Sports machine, "Rarely, one time I can remember, do I send food back? But you can count on it in the future with these prices. I'm not a picky eater, but my $10.00 cheeseburger better be perfect."Rosemary, "Can you return food? Yes. Would I? Never."Anna, "I waitressed for years and knew some cooks that would mess with the food that came back."Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP". Thank you for watching the "NIGHTCAP," and America's late news. We'll see you back here tomorrow.