MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you very much, John and Sandra, it's an absolutely beautiful day here in lower Manhattan. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum. And today, THE STORY is live outside of the Manhattan courthouse where former President Trump is standing trial in the Stormy Daniels case. I was inside all throughout this morning's proceedings, and I will tell you a little bit about what we heard in there.Part of the business from this morning was the judge hearing the latest on the remaining gag order violations that he is considering. And then later, we heard some pretty salacious back and forth lines of questioning and some heated moments with a very interesting -- he became a really interesting witness in all of this, Keith Davidson. He was the person, an attorney who brokered the deals for silence for Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal, but he really got his feet held to the fire by both sides.So, also today, on the other big story that we've been following all week for you, today we heard from the former and the current president. They addressed the chaos that is unfolding in the early morning hours at UCLA and across the country. Watch this.Then, you have the ongoing situation at Portland State University where we have just -- we're learning that 12 people have been arrested. This is what President Trump had to say about this earlier this morning when he came here, when we saw him here at the courthouse this morning. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: These are radical left lunatics and they got to be stopped now because it's going to go on and on and it's going to get worse.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And then a couple of hours later, we finally heard from current President Biden, who hasn't spoken about any of this since he was really pinned down to a question back on April 22. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There is no place for hate speech or violence of any kind, whether it's anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, or discrimination against Arab-Americans or Palestinian-Americans.(END VIDEO CLIP) MACCALLUM: Kayleigh McEnany on this breaking news this hour, but first to correspondent Nate Foy, who is right next to me here, down outside the courthouse where there's a very small group of loud protesters, pretty tiny group, but they're making some noise out there, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, they are making a little bit of noise, Martha, as we're right now in a five-minute break. The cross- examination of L.A.-based lawyer Keith Davidson is over after this short break. Prosecutors will have another opportunity to ask him questions, but before this break, Trump's team presented recorded phone calls between Davidson and Michael Cohen, where they discussed the possibility of Stormy Daniels having, "settler's remorse".And in another recorded call, Davidson said if they don't make a deal and Trump loses the election, they would lose leverage. Davidson also answered questions about a blog post about Stormy Daniels and President Trump from 2011. Davidson had that post taken down. Five years later, he negotiated a $130,000 payment from Michael Cohen to suppress that same story. Now, Davidson did not connect any of the deals directly to Trump.He said Cohen told him, "F it, I'll just do it myself", referring to that Stormy Daniels payment. Cohen also signed a confidentiality agreement with Daniels, rather than Trump. Davidson also testified that Cohen appeared suicidal after not getting a position in Trump's White House after the election. Trump's lawyers asked Davidson for the definition of extortion. They questioned him about deals that he made with celebrities like Lindsay Lohan, Hulk Hogan and Charlie Sheen.Trump is also responding this afternoon to reports that he appeared tired while listening to today's testimony, posting on True Social, "Contrary to the fake news media, I don't fall asleep during the crooked D.A.'s witch hunt, especially not today. I simply close my beautiful blue eyes sometimes, listen intensely, and take it all in." Now, an update, Martha, about the gag order as the afternoon session began.Trump attorney Susan Necklace presented the judge with several articles that Trump wants to post on Truth Social but is unsure if it would be a gag order violation. The judge did not give an immediate decision on that, but said if there's any doubt, Trump should steer clear. should steer clear. We'll send it back to you.MACCALLUM: All right, Nate, thank you very much. Nate Foy here at the courthouse with me. And let's go to Kayleigh McEnany, Co-Host of "OUTNUMBERED" and former White House Press Secretary under President Trump. Kayleigh, great to have you with us today. Nate laid out really well the issues that we heard about this morning.There are four pending gag order violations, and President Trump's been really clear how he feels about those, and his lawyers laid out how they feel that it is unfair for him to have to stay quiet while everybody else is coming at him. But I do, I want to ask you actually about this other issue, Kayleigh, which was just an interesting moment in court today when Keith Davidson talked about an exchange that he had with Michael Cohen.When Michael Cohen in December, before the president took office, learned that he wasn't going to be as he, I guess, thought he might be, either chief of staff or potentially attorney general. And he called Keith Davidson, who was out Christmas shopping at a big box store and just kept him on the phone for hours just ranting about this and he says, "Can you effing believe I'm not going to Washington after everything I've done for that guy. I can't believe I'm not going to Washington. I saved his you know what."You know, Kayleigh, I just wanted to get your thoughts on this because, you know, what does this go to motive in terms of Michael Cohen and how he handled all of this and his own, you know, wanting to point the finger elsewhere because we heard a lot today about this not, you know, really touching Trump's hands, that that's what Keith Davidson at least testified today.KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It certainly does go to motive. I mean, that is one of the biggest, most interesting takeaways from Keith Davidson. In addition to the defense laying out a pattern of extortion, if you will, he calls them settlements. We'll leave that nomenclature debate aside. But learning about this exchange with Michael Cohen is big.We know he has a history of lying. And this is the case on which the witness rather on which the prosecution hangs the entire case. And now, we learn about Michael Cohen and perhaps a motive and not being taken to Washington and then coming out with all of this fallacious information.And when you add that, this is not the jury heard, but just for viewers to hear, the earlier conversation about the gag order where Todd Blanche says Michael Cohen's out there making money on TikTok, he's floating a TV show, these are the allegations of the defense. It paints the picture of a witness that is questionable to say the least, and this is the witness on which the entire case rests.MACCALLUM: Yes, and they really worked to tie Davis into him and kind of take them both off the table together. We'll see if they are did that satisfactorily the defense as far as the jury was concerned. I want to get your thoughts on this campus chaos that we are seeing Kayleigh as well in terms of what the impact is on the 2024 election.And I thought it was interesting because Joe Scarborough this morning over on his show in the morning basically said that it took him back to the law and order campaign of Richard Nixon in 1968. And he said this is what turned his family who were southern Democrats to become Republicans which swept that whole region during that period. Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: The riots on college campuses, the riots at the Chicago Convention in 68, all of those things moved my family from being Democrats their entire life to being Republicans. If you're offended by this, please, I'm trying to help you. I don't want Donald Trump to get elected.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: What's your take on that, Kayleigh?MCENANY: Yes, that's a rare, thoughtful point from Joe Scarborough. He's right. I don't often say that, but he's right. It aligned with a piece that came out yesterday from Axios where all of these Democrats were anonymously telling Axios, this is a big political moment. One Democrat was asked, does this give you political heartburn? To which he said, how could it not?I believe that those tailwinds, those political tailwinds are what drove President Biden to speak out today. Now, Martha, I don't want to overstate this. I do think this is a huge moment. I personally, in my circle, hear suburban moms talking about it. People maybe not ordinarily talking about politics. It is about to be summer.This could go away, but I don't think it goes away, because I think the images you're seeing now on your screen are going to replay at the Democratic National Convention. So, this will continue, and if it goes into the fall and we see this again, it absolutely could be a wedge issue on which the election turns.MACCALLUM: Yes, and there's a lot of discussion about professionals being involved in this. And we remember that when you look back to 1968, those college groups evolved into groups like the Weather Underground and others who carried out acts across the country. We'll see where this is going. Kayleigh, thank you. Great to see you today.MCENANY: Thank you, Martha, you too.MACCALLUM: So, President Biden's long-awaited response to the anti-Israel upheaval on college campuses, it came today after a very long silence and we heard about it really from both sides.It's both sides at the protest, both sides at this protest yelling the same thing and we're going to dig into this with Marc Thiessen and Leslie Marshall. What does that tell you? Coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, President Biden under pressure to speak out about the chaos spreading on U.S. campuses and also accusations of discrimination against Jewish students. And he finally did so today. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Destroying property is not a peaceful protest. It's against the law. Vandalism, trespassing, breaking windows, shutting down campuses, forcing the cancellation of classes and graduations. None of this is a peaceful protest.Threatening people, intimidating people, instilling fear in people is not peaceful protest. It's against the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And watch this. Two groups of protesters facing off against each other yesterday at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa. And at one point, both sides, the pro-Israel supporters and the pro-Palestinian supporters started chanting this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMERICAN CROWD: Joe Biden, (INAUDIBLE). Joe Biden, (INAUDIBLE). Joe Biden, (INAUDIBLE). Joe Biden, (INAUDIBLE). Joe Biden, (INAUDIBLE).(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, with that, let's bring in Marc Thiessen, former chief speechwriter for President George W. Bush, American Enterprise Institute, senior fellow and Washington Post columnist. And Leslie Marshall, Democratic strategist. Both are Fox News contributors. Great to have both of you here today. Thanks so much for joining us.You know, Leslie, I want to get your thoughts on, you know, we're talking about protests. I think you can hear the protests that we're seeing here. I should point out that these folks are in a -- like sort of cordoned-off area where they're allowed to protest. It's a little -- it's probably about 20 feet from where we are.And in this group, you have Israeli flags flying, you have Trump 2024 signs, and then, you have this gentleman with the megaphone who seems to be speaking the most loudly. Another sign says convict Trump already.So, you've really got sort of all sides represented here, Leslie. But I thought it was -- I couldn't believe that video when I saw both sides yelling, you know, expletive Biden at each other. What's your takeaway from that, Leslie?LESLIE MARSHALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, there's a few takeaways. One, although, I don't like what they're chanting, it just shows that two sides that are completely different can come together, and can agree on something.We see that with Democrats and Republicans. And we're seeing that with these chants. Sorry. OK? One.Two, what I also find, you know, a couple of things. I live in Southern California. I drove by UCLA yesterday. I wanted to see with my own eyes and not trust everybody telling me what I'm seeing to see for myself.I saw horrific anti-Semitism and anti-Muslim messages, just disgusting. Here in Southern California, UCLA campus, in California, where I live, in the United States, that we have such hatred toward people in both of these religious groups from what I saw with my eyes.And secondly, I would say, you know, be careful what you wish for. The people that are chanting blank Joe Biden, especially, those who want a ceasefire, especially those who want a two-state solution, especially those who want to stop -- to stop giving Israel everything they want, giving them all the money and all the weapons, that's not going to happen with Donald Trump. And if you don't vote for Joe Biden, that is going to be your president, Donald Trump.So, I'm very confused, if they want to blank Joe Biden, what they think they're going to get if they do?MACCALLUM: So, let's pull up this disturbing image from George Washington University's campus. It's George Washington, the first president of the United States. And you can see what has been done to him on the campus here. This photo widely circulated. So, Mark, there was a lot of calls for the president to speak to this. And he made his first comments today after, you know, weeks of the White House being pressed and giving their own answers from the press podium.(CROSSTALK)MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes.MACCALLUM: But he finally spoke today. What did you think about what he said?THIESSEN: Well, first, on those -- on those protesters uniting, Joe Biden promised to put his whole soul in his inaugural address into uniting the country. Joe, you did it. Congratulations. That's number one.Number two, that picture of that statue just proves, these people don't just hate Jews, they don't just hate Israel, they hate America. These are anti-American protests, as well as anti-Semitic protests.And Joe Biden. You know, I know Leslie said she saw anti-Islamic signs of some kind. Maybe there are a few here in there. These, the problem on our campuses right now is not -- is not Islamophobia. This is the biggest outbreak of anti-Semitism we have seen in this country's modern history.And for Joe Biden to go out and claim and do the two sides thing that he condemned Donald Trump for, and say there is, you know, they're bad people on both sides of this protest is ridiculous.These people are hateful. They are -- they are harassing Jewish students, they are shutting down campuses, they are preventing people from graduating. They are preventing Jewish students from accessing the education they paid for, they are yelling at them, go back to Poland. You know, can you imagine if there were people saying go back to Africa to black students on these campuses?So, the problem in these campuses Leslie is not anti-Islamophobia. This is a -- this is an anti-Semitism problem and everything else saying the pointing to one or two signs over here is just a distraction.MACCALLUM: Mark, you know, one of the things that --(CROSSTALK)MARSHALL: Can I just jump in here, Martha? A couple of things. One --MACCALLUM: Yes, sure. Go ahead, Leslie.MARSHALL: I'm not going to generalize. That's not the majority. Sorry.THIESSEN: It's the majority of the protests.MARSHALL: Oh, thank you.MACCALLUM: Go ahead, Leslie.MARSHALL: That's not the majority -- Marc -- Martha and Marc.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Wait, go ahead, Marc.MARSHALL: That's not the majority of the -- of the protesters on any of these campuses.And by the way, there are numerous, numerous Jews that are also pro- Palestinian on -- or supporting the pro-Palestinian movement, and who want a ceasefire in Gaza. And I think it's extremely disingenuous to say that every single Jewish person whose pro-Palestinian is anti-Semitic.MACCALLUM: No, I mean, we certainly see divisions within Israel and within Jewish people here, in terms of what they support. I don't think -- I think most, you know, sane people can say that we need to have peaceful situations in terms of these protests.But you know, one of the things that I think is going to get a lot of attention here is that the question of law and order. And we keep thinking back to 1968, when Nixon won on a law-and-order platform, really, when there was so much tumult and anti-Vietnam protesting going on in the country.Here is President Trump shaking hands with Wisconsin law enforcement yesterday. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right. So, you see the former president, shaking hands and talking to people clearly. Marc, he sees this not only as something that he really has always done, I don't think it's disingenuous, but as an important message for his campaign, given what's going on.THIESSEN: Well, I mean, think about this. So, if you look at the 2020 election, vast majority of Americans said that the -- before the election, they were better off now than they were four years ago under Trump than they were -- than they were before he took office.But a lot of people didn't vote for him because they were tired of the chaos. Well, here is the question. Are you -- are you -- are you -- is the chaos worse or better than it was now -- than it was four years ago?There is chaos on our campuses, there is chaos on our borders. There is chaos on the -- in the Middle East. There is chaos in Europe. Biden has unleashed worst chaos in anything Donald Trump had ever done.And so, Donald Trump is going to point that out. Donald Trump is actually going to be running as the candidate to return back to normalcy. Which is quite ironic, if you think about it.So, you know, the chaos is hurting Joe Biden without a doubt. And it's everywhere.MACCALLUM: What a crazy world we live in. I'm thinking about what you're saying. And I'm, you know, sitting here in front of the courthouse, where today, I watched a former U.S. president sitting at the defendant's desk, and it really didn't sink in, until I you know, saw it on the screen for the overflow room, really, what's happening here.No matter what you think about what the outcome should be, it's a stunning moment in and of itself.Leslie and Marc, always good to see you. Thank you very much for joining me today.THIESSEN: Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: So, coming up, an attorney with the Manhattan D.A. 's office says that they are "not seeking jail" for -- not yet seeking jail, I should say, for former President Trump as he gets hit with a new round -- or it's actually, these are violations that were out there, but the judge hasn't decided on them yet for these four gag violations that they had -- judges deciding what the punishment should be. Trump attorney Jesse banal and Andy McCarthy on this, and the day in court. Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, we are live outside the Manhattan courthouse, where right now, former President Trump is standing trial. Been there all day, was off yesterday, made it to Michigan and Wisconsin on the campaign trail, but back here in court today.There is also the possibility that there might be more fines for the former president. He already owes 9,000. In gag order violations. The prosecutors today presented four more of those violations for the judge to determine a punishment for. And they were related to comments that the former president made about the jury being mostly Democrats about David Pecker. He said he was a nice guy and also Michael Cohen, a lot of fear has flown in terms of their back and forth.Those two used to be very close, but not so much anymore, as you well know. So, we'll wait for the decision from the judge on those.Andy McCarthy is standing by with his thoughts on that. But first, let's bring in Jesse Binnall. He's an attorney for former President Trump, but he's not representing him in this New York criminal case.Jesse, great to have you here. Thank you very much for joining us. If you could speak to what the Trump team -- the defense side today was trying to establish in terms of the fact that one of the witnesses who spoke -- who was the attorney for Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal, basically said that in all of his dealings with Michael Cohen, it was really Michael Cohen that he was always dealing with, and that Michael Cohen said that he was going to deal with this on his own and he was going to use his own money to take care of this situation.What does that tell you? And how do you think the jury will take that in?JESSE BINNALL, ATTORNEY FOR FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP: Yes. Well, thank you, Martha. And let me say that it was very enlightening, some of this testimony today. Because what it really showed was that Michael Cohen was driving this bus all along.And, in fact, Michael Cohen was the one that was making the deals, as you said, he was talking about paying it out of his own money. And then, he later also testified that Michael Cohen was upset that he didn't get the job he wanted in Washington, D.C.Michael Cohen thought he is going to be brought into a high position in the administration. So, what we see time and time again here is that the real defendant -- the person that the prosecutors really should be going after here is not Donald Trump. It's Michael Cohen.MACCALLUM: You know, you get in there and you're listening to all of this as I did today. And Jesse, you know, you are talking about extortion plots from this attorney and whether or not he's an extortionist.BINNALL: Yes.MACCALLUM: And all of this. And what we're -- it's a lot of groundwork, right? But the jury is listening to all this. And I don't know what's going on in their minds. It's always a big question when you -- when you watch this play out. But we haven't really gotten to the crux of how that relates to this state felony that they -- that they claim is an election interference charge.BINNALL: Oh, that's absolutely right. Because what they have right now, they have on the -- on the witness stand somebody who has been investigated for extortion before. Somebody who is, you know, really the -- President Trump's lawyers today were showing how this was an extortion attempt against President Trump all along. But what the prosecution cannot do in all of this, even if they get these witnesses to testify to everything that they want them to testify to, is connect it to any crime, connect it to any, especially any campaign finance act violation.Because time and again, the experts in campaign finance law, for instance, former commissioners at the Federal Election Commission have explained that this is not a violation of campaign finance law. This is something a non- disclosure agreement, it's not something that's prohibited by the Federal Election Campaign Act. And so, this is probably why Alvin Bragg's office has been so slow to try to show what their actual legal theory of the case is because they don't really have a legal theory of the case that can withstand muster, especially on appellate review.What they have is an ability to try to take Donald Trump off the campaign trail and try to embarrass him nationally, which is exactly what this case is about. This case is about trying to sideline Donald Trump and affect the 2024 presidential election, and it's not going to work. The American people see right through it.MACCALLUM: Well, it's pretty interesting to listen to the whole thing because I think it's evident that the judge has animosity towards the defense attorneys and the back and forth with them. He's definitely a little bit more, you know, easygoing, it appears, at least today and when I was listening to the prosecution in this case. So we'll see where this goes.A lot still to come, it's May 2nd. It's going to go into June, according to the estimate. So good to see you, Jesse. Thank you for being here today.BINALL: Thanks for having me.MACCALLUM: So we do have a new witness who is on the stand right now. His name is Doug Daus, and he works in the New York County DA's Office in a high tech analysis unit processing digital evidence. So let's bring in Andy McCarthy. Andy, welcome. You have followed this, your former assistant US attorney and Fox News contributor, and we're grateful to have you with us.So, you know, Daus is now on the stand, any thoughts on what you expect the questioning of him to focus on? And what did you think of this morning? What were the highlights to you?ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think, you know, the new witness, Martha, is probably part of the TD, is part of the trial where they have to lay the foundation for other evidence that they're going to put in. If he's a digital expert, he's probably explaining to the jury why a recording they're hearing is actually authentic, which is important in terms of the integrity of the evidence but isn't very riveting.As far as the testimony we're seeing, and I really think the Trump team has been induced by bad rulings by Judge Merchan on to do this, but their defense doesn't make any sense to me because if you want to make a big deal with the fact that Michael Cohen was driving this train, that sounds like what he was doing was really bad. And that's not consistent with saying non disclosure agreements are completely legal.So if your position is non-disclosure agreements are completely legal, as I said in the piece I wrote earlier today --MACCALLUM: That's a great point.MCCARTHY: -- I think I'd be sitting there doing the crossword puzzle, not acting like I was being hurt by the testimony of this lawyer for Stormy Daniels. If it's legal, then why paint Cohen as if he was doing something terrible?MACCALLUM: Right. Yes, you make a great point, Andy, as always. I mean, you could be examining this witness and saying, and then you did this, and then you did that, and then you did this, all of which, you know, under New York State law is completely legal.MCCARTHY: Right.MACCALLUM: And then just sit down and let them go to it. I do want to ask you about this because there was a lot of back and forth on Michael Cohen and his post this morning with this issue. You know, obviously, President Trump wants to be able to say whatever he wants. He feels like everyone else gets to say what they want. And the judge this morning pointed out, well, you know, he's the one who's on trial here. These other people are not.MCCARTHY: But Michael Cohen has been so aggressive in what he has posted here that a lot of folks, including Kerri Kupec, our legal analyst, said that there's no reason not to gag Michael Cohen. Put a couple of these posts up. This is a repost, which we know the former president got in trouble for doing, of super victim former President Trump in like a huge, overweight superhero costume. And then this one, the other one where Cohen says, keep messing with me, Donald, and I won't send you any money. I won't send you any money to your commissary, Michael Cohen with another stick action figure here.Should these things -- I think they may have been taken down by now, but should they impose a gag order on Michael Cohen, even though he says he's put one on himself at this point?MCCARTHY: Well, I don't think there should be any gag orders, frankly. But if you're going to have them, I think what you're seeing from Judge Merchan is that on virtually every important thing, he gets it wrong. So the answer here is not that Michael Cohen is not on trial and then Trump is. The judge's job is to protect the defendant, not the other people, you know?But if Merchan is saying that I need these gag orders in order to protect the jury from prejudicial outside publicity, then what difference does it make if it's Donald Trump talking about the case or Cohen or any other participant in it? And obviously the state, the prosecutors have a lot of influence over Michael Cohen. You would think they could stop him from doing these posts in a heartbeat, but they obviously have decided not to do that.MACCALLUM: Yes, yes. I think you make such a good point. I hope people paid close attention to it with regard to the defense and the approach. And if their line of thinking is that there was nothing illegal that happened here. That line needs to be drawn very clearly for the jury, for them to be successful in that.Obviously, we've got a lot of sirens going on. We've got protesters out in front here, and the New York Police Department is so busy these days, Andy.MCCARTHY: Yes.MCCARTHY: We met a lot of them down here, and we got to give them a lot of credit. They've worked in overtime and they've got a lot on their hands. So, Andy, thank you. Always great to see you.MCCARTHY: Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: So speaking of that, we're getting a new look at the NYPD clearing out protesters who took over a building at Columbia University. It was high drama that night, and they put themselves right in the line of all of this. We have police body camera footage that shows us a whole new perspective on this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Wow, that is quite a scene. Former New York Republican Governor George Pataki standing by, but first to Alexis McAdams, who knows this story very well as she was up at Columbia for days. Now she's at NYU with the latest on the protest there. Hi, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. We are right in front of the NYU building, which they just had maintenance workers a short time ago cleaning off red paint that someone sprayed right onto the wall during one of those overnight protests.I'll walk you a little bit closer here, and we have my photographer just kind of push in. This is the Gaza solidarity encampment here, OK? So the students here trying to block this area with signs, and then also they put up their umbrellas because they want to hide the Gaza solidarity encampment.Another thing that they want to hide are their faces. When we tried to talk to them, I asked one of those students last night why. And then, another woman who wasn't even a student while she was wearing a mask. She said it was for COVID. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Are you an NYU student?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, I'm not.MCADAMS: Why are you guys wearing masks? Like, if you guys are, you know, proud of what you're standing for, how come so many people are hiding their faces?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that's a good question and a different interpretation of wearing masks than I'm used to. We, I find that this crowd skews more like pandemic and COVID conscious.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: COVID conscious was one reason we heard why. Protesters also throwing that red paint you see here on the building at the NYU campus overnight. Workers had to power wash it away just moments ago. This comes after the school confirms to Fox News that a person threw red ink onto the front of NYU president, Linda Mills' building. And so there's been a lot with that. And then the NYPD raid that happened at Hamilton Hall where dozens were arrested, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So that's the latest from here at NYU. We'll keep you posted on what happens with the protests, Martha.MACCALLUM: Thank you so much, Alexis McAdams. Let's bring in former New York Republican Governor George Pataki who joins us now. Governor, always good to see you.We haven't heard from you since all of this started happening in New York. And when you look at those scenes inside Hamilton Hall at Columbia University, and let's pop this picture up for the governor. It's a tent, and on the outside of the tent, it says crush one campus, another rises. What's your take on this, governor?GEORGE PATAKI (R), FORMER NEW YORK GOVERNOR: You know, Martha, this is just disgusting and it shouldn't be tolerated. These are not acts of free speech or protests. These are acts of anarchy. And they should have been stopped on day one. The university administrators should have stopped it, they didn't. When they didn't do it since they're clearly breaking, the law enforcement, the NYPD in New York and others across the country should have been called in right away.Martha, in 1968, the last time Columbia had riots like that, I was there, and I was very active leading some of the anti-protesters. And the longer it goes, the more propensity, the violence there is. So it should have been shut down day one, it wasn't. I hope it shut down across the country right now.MACCALLUM: You know, Mayor Adams has also said that there should be no tolerance for this. And here he is speaking out about the flags. And we've seen Palestinian flags rising in different areas on some of these campuses. So I want to play what he said. And then, control room, if you could play right after that, the video that we have of the NYPD putting the American flag back up at City College. Watch this, if you would, governor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK MAYOR: It's despicable that schools will allow another country flag to fly in our country. So blame me for being proud to be an American. And I thank Commissioner Daughtry for putting that flag back up. We're not surrounding our way of life to anyone.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And here's the video, which reminds us of, you know, several other historic images as the flag came down, the Palestinian flag came down, and the NYPD launched the American flag in the middle of all this chaos, governor. What do you think?PATAKI: I'll tell you, it makes me proud of Mayor Adams and it makes me proud of the NYPD, but I've always been proud of them. But the other side of the coin is, I'm so appalled by the university administrators, they should all be fired. I'm appalled by President Biden. He has been silent for weeks until he finally put out a relatively meaningless statement this morning.This is the worst anti-Semitic incidence I've seen in my lifetime. And the fact that the leadership, whether it's at the university level or at the administration Biden level, has been so silent is appalling. This is not free speech. This is anarchy. You allow it to continue, it hurts the country.And, Martha, by the way, I don't know if your viewers are aware, but the Iranian national television has been playing these protests in Iran. Al Jazeera has played them all across the Middle East. This hurts the peace process. This empowers the radicals like Hamas. And whether or not it's intentional by those protesters, it is hurting the prospect for peace. It's got to be stopped. They should be arrested, they should be prosecuted and students should be expelled.MACCALLUM: Yes. There's no doubt that Iran sees this as a win for them when they see these protesters and what they're doing on college campuses. Governor George Pataki, thank you. Always great to see you, sir. Thank you for joining me today.PATAKI: Thank you, Martha. Nice being on with you.MACCALLUM: So the remnants of an intense hours long standoff between police and anti Israel protesters at UCLA. We'll speak with a professor there who says that he's a victim and a witness to anti-Semitism directed right at him next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Shame on you. Shame.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So this is the aftermath at UCLA after police cleared the anti- Israel encampment on that campus making dozens of arrests. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Shame on you. Shame. Get the (inaudible) our of university. Shame on you. Shame on you.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Incredible. So, UCLA professor Nir Hoffman says that he was assaulted by protesters on campus. I will speak with him in just a moment, but first to correspondent Christina Coleman. Hi, Christina.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Yes, very tense moments there that we just aired. And you can see in this area, it looks dramatically different than it did here just hours ago when this area was covered with pro-Palestinian protesters. I mean, you could see this massive cleanup effort going on right now.There are tens of thousands of debris that is just being moved from this area. It's being cleared out. There were hundreds of tents here. And as you can see, they are gone. It is being cleared out. But go ahead again and take a look at that video from early this morning. UCLA police use loudspeakers as they ordered protesters to clear the area immediately, noting that those who failed to do so would be subject project to arrest. Some 1,500 students surrounded the perimeter of their makeshift barricades.This whole area, they had it covered with plywood, there were trash cans. They were using whatever else they could to cobble together this little compound that they had set up for their anti-Israel protest. But law enforcement, they were not having it last night. They launched flare, some use flashbang type devices and moved out the protesters.Officers wearing SWAT gear swept in and methodically dismantled the barricades. They moved in on these protesters and cleared them out. There were some scuffles here and there. But again, as you can see, those protesters were gone. More than 200 of them were arrested. It is peaceful here. It is calm. There's still a heavy law enforcement presence.And I'm telling you, a lot of the students and people around here, they are hoping that it stays this way, peaceful and calm. Martha?MACCALLUM: Christina Coleman, thank you so much. At UCLA in Los Angeles, I'm joined now by UCLA professor Nir Hoffman, who says earlier this week he was assaulted by some of these protesters on campus. Nir, thank you very much. It's good to have you with us.Two questions for you, sir. One is, you know, share with us what happened. I know you've shared it one of our earlier shows, but for those who didn't hear what happened to you, let us know. And also, you know, you heard what Christina said it's calm and peaceful there. Now, do you think that will last at UCLA?NIR HOFFMAN, UCLA PROFESSOR: First of all, I just want to clarify that a protest is when people peacefully demonstrate for a specific cause. These people were not demonstrating for a specific cause. They were anarchists. They were not in their compound. They would leave the compound, harass, attack students, faculty and anybody that didn't want to align with their view. I was walking and giving a Fox News interview, walking in the direction of that compound when a couple big guys stood in front of me and blocked my way.When I tried to walk around them, another person sucker tackled me from the side. My earpiece flew out. Then they stole it and ran away. Now, you asked, what are we going to do about it and is it going to remain peaceful?MACCALLUM: Yes, yes.HOFFMAN: You know, that's not up to me or you. The police are the only people that can make law and order in UCLA, and the police have to have a directive from the civilian government, i.e. the chancellor, the vice chancellors and the regents. So we have to ask them, are they going to keep law and order peace so that we can have a university again where we teach and learn, or is this going to be the Wild West?MACCALLUM: And let me ask you personally, though, having spent decades at UCLA, how do you feel about this moment? Do you think this is just a moment or do you think that the culture is changing and do you think it can go back?HOFFMAN: This is not just the moment, OK? I teach in the medical school, you know, I teach medical students and residence. There has been anti- Semitic course and curriculum in that school now for several years. Almost two years ago, this was brought up to the dean, and a letter was written and signed by multiple faculty. And to this day, they are still teaching that course, a course that brought in a previously incarcerated homeless activist to tell the students to pray to Mama Earth. A course that tried to divide students into race groups, a course that is teaching that, you know, Jews are white colonialists. This is happening today.MACCALLUM: It's a horrible reality that we're living in, and it's difficult to figure out, you know, how we get from here to there. This is a quick shot of Portland State University. You see the people running at the police officers. Just watch this video quickly for a second.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Stop, you're under arrest. Stop.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: A piece in the Wall Street Journal today, professor, that basically says that, you know, this is not necessarily about what's happening in the Middle East, that it is a sort of intrinsic problem in the country, with the culture in the country. Do you agree with that?HOFFMAN: Well, I can tell you that many of my colleagues have ventured near that camp and asked very simple basic questions to these protesters about the issues that they're protesting. And the vast majority of them don't know and are not even embarrassed of the fact that they don't know. They just basically say, just ask one of the people wearing a green vest, they'll answer for us.It reminds me almost of a cult where there's a leader and then there's the blind followers. I don't know how we got here, but I think that we really need to investigate the money trail, and whether there are outside countries and groups that are trying to influence our youth.MACCALLUM: Nir Hoffman, thank you so much. It's good to have you with us today, sir. Thank you for joining me.So wait until you hear people in Iran cheering the anti Israel protests that are rocking the United States. A lot of enthusiasm in Iran about what's happening here.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FOAD IZADI, TEHRAN UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR (through translation): Sooner or later, this kind of support for the Zionist regime by the American regime will diminish. It might not stop completely, but its diminishing is important. This is why the demonstrations are important. These are our people. If tensions between America and Iran rise tomorrow or the day after, these are the people who will have to take to the streets to support Iran.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Listen to those words. This is working for Iran. And that is exactly what they just are watching and hoping for more of. So thanks for joining us for THE STORY down here at the courthouse in New York.