SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.Now, breaking tonight, anti-Israel protests they continue to rage on college campuses all across the country. It is more clear now than ever before. The inmates are absolutely running the asylum at colleges and universities.Take a look at your screen. We have nothing but stunning images out of Los Angeles as police moved to break up the anti-Israel encampment, this at UCLA. Early this morning, protesters were rounded up. Police were seen removing the masks that were used to hide the protesters, good, I like that idea and their identities.Ultimately, more than 200 were arrested. Meanwhile protesters at Portland State actually charged at police officers, and look at them, they're using cut up trash cans as makeshift shields. Can't make this up. Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: Well that looks like an insurrection to me.At a George Washington University, our nation's capital, a statue of Washington was defaced while protest broke out into vile antisemitic chanting. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTERS: Free free Palestine! Free free Palestine! Free free Palestine! Free free Palestine!From the belly of the beast! From the belly of the beast!Hands off the Middle East! Hands off the Middle East!There is only one solution! There is only one solution!Intifada revolution! Intifada revolution!(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Yeah. Intifada revolution.Sadly, this is not even the worst of it. Earlier this week, northwestern university, they actually cave to the mob and among their concessions a promise to fund two visiting Palestinian faculty per year in addition to the, quote, full cost of attendance for five Palestinian undergraduates to attend Northwestern for the duration of their undergraduate careers and a promise to, quote, fundraise to sustain this program beyond the current commitment.Have they not learned what we were telling you last night how kids in Gaza, Palestinians are indoctrinated to hate and to want to kill Jews from the time they are little, cartoons, books in school, very -- how do you possibly ascertain or vet whether or not they've been radicalized?Northwestern caving to the ridiculous negotiations did not come without consequences. Seven members of Northwestern's president's advisory committee on antisemitism and hate, they resigned yesterday. Good for them. And the school is now also facing a civil rights complaint filed by a nonprofit legal organization.Now these antisemitic protests are serving as free propaganda for terrorist organizations those that promote hate and violence and convert or die, and if you're one of these radical students who have been expelled for protesting, let not your heart be troubled tonight, you can find a safe harbor in the world's number one state sponsor of terrorism, that's right, Iran. With the head of one of the Iranian universities is reportedly now offering scholarships, that's free. You don't even need loan forgiveness from Joe Biden. They're going to give scholarships to any student kicked out of their school in the U.S. and Europe over the protesting.Now, I think it might be an interesting experiment when they actually see what is the harsh reality and brutal reality for life of -- for them in Iran. Let them try and protest there in Iran. Let's see how the mullahs react to all that, let's see how that works out for them, let's see how women's rights are non-existent. Let them learn about that, too.Learn how women must be fully covered or they risk being beaten. Let them see members of the LGBTQ community, murdered, thrown off buildings. They might actually get a real education.Now, of course, our fearless leader, Joe, your president in the White House, is as always, you know, a day late, a dollar short, East Palestine, a day late, you know, and a year short.Now, this morning after the country has been witnessing for days and days and days and days of violence, mass arrests over these hate-filled anti- Israel protest, President Biden the pressure finally got to him and he broke his long silence on the protest. He's a real leader of moral courage.Watch this very uninspiring message. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: But let's be clear about this as well, there should be no place on any campus, no place in America for antisemitism or threats of violence against Jewish students. There is no place for hate speech or violence of any kind, whether it's antisemitism, Islamophobia or discrimination against Arab Americans or Palestinian Americans.It's simply wrong. There's no place for racism in America. It's all wrong. It's un-American.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Not exactly inspiring. The statement was frankly pathetic and, by the way, what Islamophobia is he referencing? Where does he see that happening right now in this country? Is he even watching what is unfolding? Does he know that today is Thursday?This was, you know, to say at the time that Biden, you know, was to deliver a strong condemnation of virulent, repulsive, antisemitism that we're seeing, but as usual, he failed miserably. Remember, he helped the mullahs in Iran get rich again so they can fight proxy wars. Remember, Joe Biden you know lifted the sanctions, even purchased oil from Iran, and allowed Iraq to give them $10 billion and wanted to give them $6 billion in a ransom exchange.Meanwhile, before heading into court this morning, well, former President Donald Trump offered this harsh rebuke of the protesters. Maybe Joe can learn a thing or two. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: And just so you understand, this is the radical left. This is a movement from the left, not from the right. The right is not your problem. Don't worry about the right, the right's fine.Worry about the left, because this is a movement from the left. These are radical left lunatics and they got to be stopped now, because it's going to go on and on, and it's going to get worse and worse, and you know, they take over countries, okay?And we're not letting them take over the USA. We're not letting the radical left morons take over this country. You can't let that happen.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: This is Joe Biden's all new radicalized Democratic Party. This is the squad. This is the climate alarmist religious cult, these are green new deal Democrats, these are people that don't have any sense of moral clarity, right and wrong, it should be obvious to anybody.What happened to Israel was an a terrorist attack, the worst in their country's history, not hard to understand when people are slaughtered murdered, burned, beheaded, raped, taking kidnapped -- the kidnapping of all these people, even little children were beheaded.Florida Congressman Byron Donalds, friend of this program, visited the encampment at George Washington University to witness all the chaos that was going on there firsthand and in typical liberal fashion, the protesters despicably hurling disgusting racist insults at him. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How much is they're paying you, you bastard? How much is they're paying you, you race traitor?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Race traitor, what?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, yeah, Uncle Tom.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why the United States is supporting a Jewish supremacist country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Outside agitators aren't allowed, you're working for a foreign entity you bastard.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Guy's really old to be in college anyway.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Pretty disgusting.Congressman Byron Donalds joins us now along with the Lawfare Project founder Brooke Goldstein is with us.Congressman, you know, I don't even know what to say. First of all, I'm sorry you had to experience it that. I consider you a friend. You are one of the rising conservative stars in the country and however, I'm not surprised because it seems that there are just a couple of groups that you can pretty much say anything about. One group would be African-American conservatives and now we're learning you can pretty much say anything you want about the Jewish people, and that's not off limits at these woke universities where political correctness rules the day, but yet none of them seem to be triggered by any of this, not even the terror attack on October 7th. Your reaction?REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): My reaction, Sean, is, is that it's time for us to stand up to this type of foolishness and not sit back and let the radical left run these institutions any further into the ground than they've already gone. What it requires is Americans to look this stuff straight in the eye and respond, which is what I did yesterday.Glad that my colleagues decided to go to George Washington University to see firsthand what is going on, and it is crystal clear that you have Jewish students who are being subjected to intimidation, harassment, in some respects assault, and it's got to stop and it's got to stop immediately. And that requires leadership, Sean.So if it takes having to deal with some knucklehead protester who by the way was separated with from me by about seven people so be it. I'm a big dude. I could take care of that.But it's going to require leadership in our country. We do not have that with Joe Biden. The radical left not only supports this, they encourage this and so Americans, it takes the courage of all Americans. I don't care about your politics. It takes the courage of Americans to look at this radicalism in the face, stand up to it, say no and we forge ahead for a better America.HANNITY: Brooke, how many times have we said never again? And Prime Minister Netanyahu said never again is now.Back in 2004, I wrote a book "Deliver Us From Evil", and I did a lot of research for that book. And between Mao in China, Stalin in Russia, Hitler in Germany, Mussolini and fascism, Tojo, Japan, Pol Pot, the killing fields, Cambodia, over a million human souls were murdered, okay?Now, for those people that think that this can't happen again, listen to the rhetoric. This is as close, what we're hearing on these college campuses, this is as close to the 1930s than I ever thought we would ever hear in our lifetime. How do you see it?BROOKE GOLDSTEIN, LAWFARE PROFJECT: I see it exactly the same way when they are shouting death to America, when they are shouting death to the Jews. We better believe them.I want to thank the congressman for his courage and for standing up and to -- and for going to these campuses and I want to put a call out to every proud American, to the entire Jewish community and our allies to go right now, just like the Congress did, go to these campuses, bring an American flag with you and we will outnumber and we will outshout them because we must take our country back.And what I find so offensive is even though this radicalization has been happening for years, the violence now for weeks, why did it take President Biden so long to come out and criticize this, and why did he make a moral equivalence between Islamophobia and antisemitism?People are not chanting death to Muslims. People are not preventing Muslim students from accessing their education. We don't have a problem with Islamophobia in this country. We have a problem making excuses for radical Islam and it is radical Islamic theology, phraseology and now there strategies and tactics that have been imported to this country to destroy us from within.And perhaps and I'll leave you with this, the reason why President Biden cannot unequivocally condemn the pro-Hamas mobs is because the same organizations, the George Soros Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the same organizations funding the Democratic Party are the ones funding the current unrest.HANNITY: Yeah, I got to thank you, Brooke Goldstein, as always. We appreciate it.Congressman Donalds, I'm sorry you went through that but I echo what Brooke said, I admire your courage. You put yourself in the line of fire and that's who you are and anybody should really respect you for what you did. Thank you.All right. Joining us now live outside the New School in New York City is Alexis McAdams is back with us.Alexis, I know you've been working a lot of hours around the clock. Thank you again for being out there for us.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESOPNDENT: Hey, Sean (INAUDIBLE) but also, there's more protests here in New York City. I want to take you a little bit closer here so you can check out what's going on. We're going to try to move across the street here, and you can move towards what they have set up at the New School.What we know about the New School here so far is that it's -- they call themselves the New School. It's a liberal arts college in New York City, the New School faculty members today voting in favor, Sean, of a resolution urging the university to completely divest from companies supporting and arming Israel. And others are all across this area here, protesting here and still calling on the university to divest.And we're kind of trying to like work our way into the crowd here you can see it's mixed in with a heavy police presence but the crowd's been a little bit difficult. They don't really want us to get too close, especially when they find out we work for FOX News. So you can kind of see here in this area, too, that they kind of hold up their scarves and try to block cameras no matter who you're with, they don't want to talk.When we ask why they have their faces covered with masks, some of them say COVID, other people say that they're just sick of being identified because they think there's going to be issues with being identified here. So they kind of want to hold up these scarves.But we did check in with a protester last night over at NYU, this is what she had to say about why she cover covers her face. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Are you an NYU student?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, I'm not.MCADAMS: Why are you guys wearing masks, like if you guys are you know proud of what you're standing for, how come so many people are hiding their faces?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that's a good question and a different interpretation of wearing masks than I'm used to. We -- I find that this crowd skews more like pandemic and COVID conscious.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Pandemic, COVID conscious, that's not really all the issues that we heard out here why they're covering their faces.Who's behind the scarf we don't know, but we're going to walk you back over this way if we can cross really quickly, just to kind of show you what's on the other side of the street here in New York City. This is some protesters also who are here, who are Jewish who say that they feel unsafe around New York City. They don't feel comfortable here because of what's going on.What do you think about what's happening at the New School? You said that you're a little bit uncomfortable maybe in this area or what do you think of the protest?UNIDENTIIFED MALE: I don't go here but I'm Jewish. I love you guys at FOX, by the way. But I want -- I want you to know this is disgusting. My grandparents -- they were in Holocaust two of them, their whole families were murdered almost and you know what? These people are basically saying to die, and I have family in Israel and we're all Jewish here. These -- the people supporting against these terrorists, these are terrorists.MCADAMS: Knowing that the school today had voted to divest from Israel, we had been hearing, what do you think about that? Do you think that the protesters are in charge of these universities or is it the school and the universities that should be making the decisions on their own?UNIDENTIIFED MALE: I don't know. All I can tell you is we support the U.S., we love the U.S. These people, that's right, and they shouldn't be negotiating. This is not -- this is what like the U.S. We do not negotiate as our policy with terrorists. These are terrorists. We do not negotiate with terrorists.MCADAMS: Yeah, so that's kind of what we're hearing from some of the protesters out here. But it depends on if they want to talk. I mean, we'd like to hear why they're out here, why they're so passionate, right? But can't get too many answers.And it seems like the more I've gone to these protests like you said, I've been at them a lot, so now they really don't want me there, they don't want to talk anymore. But we'll continue to try, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Alexis, thank you. Please tell that that young man and his friends that there are a lot of us that stand in solidarity with them and I think it's very courageous that is out there and standing up for what is right. Thank you.Right here with more on the latest, Tomi Lahren of "Fearless" on Outkick, also "FOX & Friends Weekend" co-host Pete Hegseth, FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt.Welcome all of you.Tomi, your reaction. Here we are again, the sheer magnitude and the number of people and the number of schools around this country should put a chill down everybody's spine, and then the fact that we have a president that wants those voters and is very hesitant to go out on a limb and speak with moral clarity that what happened on October 7th can happen and Israel has a right to survive as a country and supporting their right to win their war on terrorism. That is missing.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: It certainly is. The president was embarrassing today as usual. I didn't expect anything more from Joe Biden. He finally said something and it was lackluster and lukewarm at best.But I will say this, Sean, it wasn't too long ago that I was in college. It was about 10 years ago and even years ago, although we had woke liberal institutions, it was nothing like what we're seeing today. So I think we have to ask ourselves, how does this happen?You don't just wake up one day as a college student and decide that you're going to go out and talk about intifada, that you're going to support and do the bidding of radical Islamic terrorists in Iran, in Gaza, and elsewhere. You don't just wake up that way. This is a well-funded and manipulated effort. And it's not just starting in the institutions of higher learning. This is starting much younger than that.And I think that the uncomfortable conversation we have to have is where is this starting, who is funding it, let's identify who's funding it, and then also for parents out there, get involved while you can, get involved while your kids are young enough to learn right from wrong so they don't end up like this, because long after these encampments are cleared out and these social justice warriors move on to the next cause, there is still going to be a problem here with the indoctrination of young people through academia, through K through 12, and then once they get to college, it's almost a lost cause. I would also say this, get to a red state if you can.Sean, you know this, I'm sitting in Tennessee tonight. This is not happening in Tennessee. Of course, there are other college campuses in red states that we're seeing some of these encampments, but those red states and those governors and those leaders they're putting the kibosh on it.HANNITY: Yeah, it's not happening in Florida. We'll check in with Governor DeSantis tonight.I think Tomi has a good point, Pete Hegseth, that this is about decades of indoctrination. We have talked about it. We -- it's come up as an issue often, but I never thought it would get this bad.PETE HEGSETH, CO-HOST OF "FOX & FRIENDS WEEKEND": Yeah, I mean, you reap what you sow. What you see in front of us right now is fruit of a poison tree. Tomi's exactly right, you're exactly right. We used to think of the lunatics in higher education, you know, the Democrats and the hard lefties and the libs and the hipsters and they all graduated and then took charge and took charge of institutions.There was a book Allan Bloom wrote called "The Closing of the American Mind" about -- about higher education. I wrote a book recently about battle for the American mind. It's about how they took that and rammed it down to k through so that when kids get out of high school in government schools public schools or government schools they're going to college to become activists.So what we're seeing on our screens is precisely what they've been trained to do, encouraged to do, since they were freshman in high school. It's not enough to just see injustice based on our matrix of oppressor and oppressed, you need to be not just -- not racist, anti-racist and that requires you choosing who's good and who's bad and then being an activist for it with as much passion as possible with as little information as possible because you're an indoctrinated rube who thinks America and Israel are evil based on stuff that's been pumped into your brain.HANNITY: You know, Pete talks about his book and the closing of an American mind, Charlie Hurt. It reminds me, many years ago, decades ago, there was a former New York congressman, his name was John LeBoutillier, actually wrote the book "Harvard Hates America". We should put that back in print. He was way ahead of his time.Your reaction?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: And, of course, the late great Charles Krauthammer like to point out along the lines of exactly what you're saying, Pete, that, you know, the moment the conservatives walked off of college campuses, the war was lost because -- or at least the universities were lost because the leftists took over and you had -- then what followed was the closing of the American mind.And I -- but I do have to say that I think that as, you know, these are -- all these pictures are horrifying but I think that, you know, the reason that this happens is because of the silence, the silence of a lot of people who don't speak up and challenge this stuff. And I think that there are good people who go to these universities and I -- great example at UNC Chapel Hill this week. A group of fraternity brothers heard that these losers, these lunatics, these leftists were going to -- were going to take down an American flag and they all, you know, buckled up, rode out to the scene of the fight and protected the American flag and it was still there in the morning.And I just wish that more of these fraternities around the country would step up and play their role to defeat this nonsense.HANNITY: That was a great moment. You know, it's funny, more and more of my friends, if they had kids of college age, they're not looking at Ivy League institutions like they once did. They're looking at southern schools. They're looking at UVA. They're looking at places like Vanderbilt. They're looking at places like Wake Forest and University of South Carolina and Clemson, and all these other schools. They're looking at all of them. I don't blame them. Smart move.HURT: And this is why I didn't go to the Ivy Leagues.HANNITY: They wouldn't let me in any school really.Thank you both.When we come back, Governor Ron DeSantis of free state of Florida, he'll weigh in on anti-Israel protests raging across the country as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. As anti-Israel protests continue on college campuses all around the country, two states have shown the nation how to handle radical leftists properly. That'd be Texas and Florida, both free states.In the Sunshine State, Governor Ron DeSantis called the protesters at schools like Yale and Columbia, quote, absurd. Let everyone know, quote, if you try that at Florida, at a Florida university, you are going to be expelled.Now, Governor DeSantis is also now taking a stand against men competing in women's sports. He's now suing the Biden administration over their changes to Title IX that would protect, quote, gender identity rather than biological sex.All right. Joining us now is the governor of the great state of Florida, my state of Florida.Well, I am a full-time domiciled resident since January in the free state of Florida, Governor, and I got to -- I got to applaud you because the reason it's not happening in your state is because you, you have no moral ambiguity, you laid down the law, that's the end of that. You want to -- you want to act like these idiots at Harvard, Yale, Columbia, FIT, NYU, UCLA, USC - don't do it in Florida it's not going to work out well for you.GOV. RON DESANTIS (R), FLORIDA: Well, that's right, Sean. I mean, in a variety of ways, Florida's not California, not New York. On all host of issues, but particularly on how you handle these universities and you know, these students that think they can set up an encampment or take over buildings, they don't have a right to do that and they will be held accountable in Florida.What I see in places like Columbia and Harvard and the California schools is the administrators the presidents these universities are just too weak to do anything about it maybe they agree with what's going on, but there's no consequences. And so when there's no consequences, you're going to continue to see that conduct.I can tell you in Florida, there will be consequences, we are not running daycare centers at our universities. We're running universities, and people are there to learn and there people are there to better themselves. We're not going to sit there and have tents spring up all around our university campuses. It's unacceptable.HANNITY: Let me -- let me ask you about the Biden administration and their attempt to revise Title IX and the fact that Florida will sue the Biden administration over this, what you are calling an unlawful change. Now, it would redefine sex as gender identity and sexual orientation while also requiring schools to ensure that students use prefer pronouns.Now, let me see if I have this straight. So the Biden administration is upset about the use of the preferred pronoun, but they don't have the moral clarity to understand that the murder of a of how many Israelis on October 7th and the beheadings and the rapes and the kidnappings, they've been very hesitant to take a strong stand on that.I find that comparison pretty remarkable. They don't get triggered by October 7th, but they're certainly triggered by the use of a wrong pronoun.DESANTIS: Yeah. I mean, they're turn -- twisting themselves in the pretzels and I think it's because they're trying to plate the woke left- wing mob because Biden thinks he needs those voters for his upcoming election. But the reality is that he's shown no leadership in the aftermath of October 7th.We know that uh when he condemns anti antisemitism, he talks about kind of the both sides type of deal which is not the clarity that you need. But on this -- on this Title IX, we in Florida are not going to allow the federal government to inject men into women's bathrooms and women's locker rooms. We do not believe and we will not accept the idea that boys should be allowed to compete against girls and take away opportunities and things like athletics, which is the next thing that they're going to try to shove down the state's throat.So we have said very clearly, we are not going to comply with this. We are fighting back, of course, in court. I don't recall Congress ever passing a law along these lines, it's just Biden using the bureaucracy to try to impose his vision. But it's clearly bad for girls and bad for women at our -- at our schools and at our universities and so we're saying no, Joe. We're not going to do it.HANNITY: Governor, let me ask you about your recent meeting with President Trump, which I was glad to see to be very honest from the very beginning and I had said it often publicly that I did not like the contentious battle that had emerged between two former friends and allies. I didn't like it one bit.I am glad that you both got together. What do you -- whatever you feel like sharing, share. I'm sure there's probably part of it that you, you know, was -- I guess confidential between the two of you.DESANTIS: Well, look, yeah. I mean, I -- you know back in January, I endorsed him. I think it's really important that we win this election and I reiterated that to him. You know, we're going to be active in a variety of capacities throughout the rest of the year for -- to help, you know, not just the top of the ticket but all around the country and particularly in Florida with some of the key issues we have to deal with.But, you know, a lot of it was just connecting about things. I mean, look, he's a dad, he's got a kid going to college. You know, I'm a dad, I've got three young kids in the household. He's concerned about how my wife was doing. Obviously, she had a cancer scare a couple years ago.So it was just a good meeting and a good conversation but he understands the importance of this election. He understands the damage that Biden is doing and I think you would see 180 degree different policies if we're able to win in in November, which is important that we do.HANNITY: Last question, the issue of abortion and legalization of marijuana will be on the ballot in Florida. I see that the Democrats want to demagogue the issue of abortion as much as possible. Do you think those two issues in any way have any impact on the state of Florida in terms of the vote in '24?DESANTIS: No, but I think both of those need to be defeated. The recreational marijuana is the most broad, non-medical marijuana, it would be everywhere. We -- the state would smell like it. We don't need that in Florida.The abortion amendment would be the most radical abortion regime in the world. It eliminates parental consent for minors, and it allows abortion up until birth, and doesn't even require a physician to be involved.So vote no on both of those, but I think regardless of how those turn out, Republicans are going to carry the day in Florida pretty significantly.HANNITY: Yeah. By the way, I just left a state that everywhere you go, that's all you smell. That's one of the great things about Florida. I get to breathe free air.Anyway, Governor, thank you so much for being with us. We appreciate it.All right. Coming up one of the groups of students is now allegedly demanding that their finals be cancelled. Wow. Why? Because of the anti- Israel protest.Senator Tom Cotton, he'll weigh in as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So all week, we have been hearing stories of the anti- Israel protesters making ridiculous demands. At Columbia, well, the protesters there requested, quote, basic humanitarian aid, which actually meant that they wanted food and drinks delivered to them while they were illegally occupying a campus building.Over at UCLA, protesters had a whole list of stuff that they wanted people to send them, including, let's see vegan and gluten-free food, rain ponchos, knee pads and tonight according to reports at Columbia, while the student editors of the law review, they are now asking to have their final exams cancelled and for everyone to be given a free pass on their grades. Why? They had to witness the police action to end the protest and it was too traumatizing. They were triggered.Kind of amazing that they were not equally triggered by the horrific evil and events of October the 7th, you know, the murders, the rapes, the torture, the kidnapping of even young babies, even decapitating of young babies.Here now, Senator Tom Cotton.Senator, great to have you back. Thank you, my friend.Am I wrong in believing that the U.S. Supreme Court weighed in on the issue of student loan forgiveness as it relates to Joe Biden?SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): No, Sean, you're not wrong at all. They said last year that he couldn't do it, and Joe Biden immediately said he's going to start doing it anyway. And, you know, we've been around long enough, we can remember Democrats were always accusing Donald Trump of disobeying court orders, or taking other authoritarian steps and he didn't do any of that.But it's Joe Biden who, for instance, is disobeying Supreme Court orders, finding new ways to reward his would-be voters, trying to lock up his chief political opponent by weaponizing the legal system. And that means that some of these fanatics and pro-Hamas sympathizers and little Gazas all across America could be eligible to get their student loans cancelled.That's why I've introduced legislation with several of my colleagues in the Senate, the No Bailouts for Campus Criminals Act that would say if you've been arrested and convicted of crimes related to this mob action on campus, the federal government is never going to bail you out from your student loans.HANNITY: So basically you're telling us that the president is lawless. He's defying a Supreme Court decision. He's not enforcing the laws as it relates to our borders. He's allowed in over million unvetted illegal immigrants, many from our top geopolitical foes, including Iran, Syria, Egypt and Afghanistan and Russia and China, and so, he only picks and chooses which laws he wants to enforce, which court orders he wants to abide by.Is that how it works in our country? Because I was taught otherwise. And why do I believe that if I ever did the same thing that I don't think I'd get away with it?COTTON: No, Sean, it's pretty certain you wouldn't and again, this is what Joe Biden and liberals have accused Donald Trump of for the last nine years. But when Donald Trump lost a court case, might have upset him, but he followed the court case.Joe Biden didn't just disregard the Supreme Court last year, he openly and joyously said that he was going to defy them, that he was going to find away to pay off his would-be voters. And, Sean, I think there's a link between that kind of accusation that is false against Donald Trump which you see on campuses today. For nine years, you know, liberals have fantasized in their own mind that somehow their brave resistance was going to stop fascism from arriving in America and that Donald Trump was a latter day Hitler.In reality, Sean, what we see on campus have been nascent pogroms, exactly the kind of things that the Nazi did -- the Nazis did to Jews in the 1930s, and the liberal silence or even celebration of these little Gazas on campus tells us exactly what they would have actually done in Germany in the 1930s.HANNITY: So your bill is called the No Bailouts for Campus Criminals Act. Here's a little itsy-bitsy problem we have. In New York, they have no bail laws.In New York, most of the people that got arrested the first time they were all released and their records expunged. Most of them basically got the equivalent of a parking ticket even people that took over Hamilton Hall at Columbia. There won't be any criminal prosecutions.Alvin Bragg was very, very clear in saying, well, I'm not sure if anybody's going to get charged here. He's too busy trying a case from eight years ago about a recordkeeping error of the Trump Organization, even though the statute of limitations had passed and the judge in the case donated to Joe Biden and may have a family financial benefit if in fact that story is accurate.Does that sound like American justice to you?COTTON: No, no, Sean, it doesn't. But it does sound like what you could expect from a crooked hack like Alvin Bragg. But I can tell you this, even if Alvin Bragg and other liberal D.A.s and mayors don't want to bring charges, some of what we've seen on college campuses lately could violate federal criminal civil rights laws, subjecting Jewish students to harassment or even assault. And there is a federal role to play here.Now I don't expect Joe Biden to do that. But in January, when Donald Trump is president again, the Department of Justice and the Department of Education should investigate these potential crimes. They should certainly investigate the universities whether or not they're upholding their obligations to protect Jewish student civil rights. A lot of these universities have a lot of money at risk coming January when Donald Trump is president again.HANNITY: They have massive endowments, not one penny should be given to any of these institutions. I'll tell you, number one. And number two, Supreme Court needs to weigh in again and their order should be followed. We do have checks and balances, co-equal branches of government or so I was taught.Thank you, Senator.When we come back, Donald Trump, he made a surprise stop at a firehouse in New York City today after being stuck in court. We're going to show you the reaction he received, one that -- well, Joe Biden can only dream of. Vivek Ramaswamy is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. After another long day in court, he can't go away because if he does, yeah, the judge is going to get very angry.Anyway, former President Donald Trump, he delivered pizza to a fire department in Midtown Manhattan. Now, the former president thanked the first responders. He took photos and shook hands.And unlike Trump, well, Biden was able to campaign in North Carolina today. Anyway is that how we define election interference?Anyway, here now with reaction, former 2024 presidential candidate, Vivek Ramaswamy is with us.Look, I just -- just look at the reaction he got today and how amazing that is. What do you attribute that to?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, look, I think this is the face of the new Republican Party that Donald Trump and the America First movement have created, a multi-ethnic working-class coalition of patriots who love this country, people who serve this country, as firefighters, police officers, in the military.There's a reason why the face of the Republican Party has changed. It's a group of people who love this country and don't apologize for our ideals, and I think those firefighters in New York City, they're among our finest in this country. And I think there's a reason why many of them are drawn to not only Trump's candidacy, but our America First movement more generally.So I think this is a good sign for the future. I also think hopefully, it's a good sign for 2024 when Biden's going one direction trying to stop Trump from campaigning with these disastrous prosecutions. Donald Trump is saying we're not going to let that stop me, and I think people want a fighter in the White House to fight for this country. And a fighter with grace as well, and I think that's what he showed today.HANNITY: You know, what's amazing -- now, he did this at the Chick-fil-A in Georgia. He did it at that bodega where Jose Alba had to defend himself and his life was put in jeopardy. He went to a construction site and all we get is loud cheering and applause and a connection with the people that really do make the country great.These are the hardworking Americans. They get up every day. They work hard, pay their taxes, play by the rules, obey the laws, raise their kids, go to church, work their 14, 16-hour days and, you know, fall asleep exhausted after -- after my show, not before.But in all seriousness, look at the reaction, it's pretty amazing. I don't think Joe would ever get that reaction. Do you?RAMASWAMY: Of course not. Of course, Joe Biden is barely showing up and I think that's half the battle for Republicans this year, Sean, is show up, including let's show up in the places where Republicans haven't gone traditionally, to the inner cities, to rural communities, to working class communities. That's the Republican Party of today and I think that's the opportunity we have in front of us this year is to show up and deliver a message that America First includes all Americans, not just the traditional Republican Party of 40 years ago, but all Americans today.And I think that message is landing powerfully. Joe Biden is really hiding from campaigning. I'm still not convinced that they're not going to swap out Joe Biden at some point. But for now, if this is Trump versus Biden, the contrast could not be more clear, not to mention, Sean, that you also have two four-year records to compare and many of those working-class Americans did a lot better in those four years under Trump then they have under Biden, and they want this to be a country where if you play by the rules and do work hard, you have a chance to get ahead and live the American dream. And I think that's what Donald Trump is going to restore in the second term.HANNITY: I've been saying this from the beginning, I don't think he can get a fair trial in New York. Maybe he can get an acquittal. I don't see a fair trial for him in New York. I don't see a fair trial for him certainly not in D.C. or Fulton County, Georgia.And if Democrats had their way and the media had their way, he'd be in court for the next 186 days. He wouldn't campaign a day. This is after he spent the whole day in court, he meets these firemen.RAMASWAMY: And, of course, that's the point of these prosecutions, Sean. I mean, if you look at the shoddy theory behind this prosecution, it f fails at every step. If you look at what Letitia James has done, all the way to Alvin Bragg, these are political actors who ran on the promise of going after Donald Trump and now they're fulfilling their campaign promises, not actually carrying out the justice system.You find me the man, I'll show you the crime. That's the mode of all of these prosecutions and there's no doubt in my mind they would not be bringing these cases if he weren't running for president. But my bet, Sean, is on the American people now being smart enough, having been lied to by the media for years to see through this charade for what it is, and if they do I think this is going to backfire and my hope and bet is that it will we just have to keep calling it out.HANNITY: And I hope that every conservative takes your advice and my advice, embrace voting by early, it's not our first choice, voting by mail, legal ballot harvesting and get involved. This is an inflection point for the country.Vivek, great to have you. Thank you.When we come back, a second Boeing whistleblower, number two now, has died unexpectedly. The full report straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. A second Boeing whistleblower has died unexpectedly as the company now faces criticism over possible safety concerns.Kevin Corke, he joins us right now with the very latest.Kevin, I'm sure a coincidence. I'm not a conspiracy theorist like those at MSDNC. However, kind of odd.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, kind of odd indeed, my friend.Joshua Dean is a former quality auditor who had actually sounded the alarm, Sean, about a supplier who allegedly had been ignoring defects in the production of Boeing 737 Max jets. Well, tonight, unfortunately, he is dead.What's more, Sean, he's actually the second whistleblower to die not long after disclosing problems apparently involving Boeing.Now, Dean's aunt says he went to a hospital, had some breathing problems. During the stay, he developed MRSA, and ammonia -- pneumonia that is, and he needed to be intubated. He died suddenly shortly thereafter.You may recall it was just a couple of months ago that another whistleblower by the name of John Barnett allegedly took his own life in the midst of a legal action against Boeing. He had actually been on a team that manufactured the door plug that blew out midair on an Alaska Airlines flight. He told NPR he thought Boeing by firing him was sending a message to anybody if you're loud, we will silence you.And to add to the interesting growing number of questions involving this particular circumstance, both whistleblowers apparently represented by the same law firm out of South Carolina, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Kevin, thanks for that report.That's all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR so you see never miss an episode.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld, he'll put a smile on your face. Have a great night.