SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".We start with this FOX News alert. Breaking tonight, the chaos continues at college campuses all across the country. Alexis McAdams will join us live from New York University where tonight, agitators are desperately trying to regroup after many arrests today. Now, this includes Fordham University where trespassers set up tents inside an academic building and even unfurled their very own giant intifada banner over a bridge.Meanwhile on the left coast, UCLA classes have been cancelled after what was a brutal night of violence and widespread hand-to-hand fighting as college administrators looked on and they did nothing.At the University of Wisconsin, four police officers were injured and nearly three dozen so-called protesters were arrested after anti-Israel agitators clashed with law enforcement.At UT-Austin, Texas, numerous weapons, including firearms were confiscated as police began making arrests there.And last night, right on this program as it was unfolding, Columbia University thankfully was liberated from the radical pro-Hamas agitators that were squatting on campus for weeks and recently had pillaged an academic building reportedly even detaining three janitors in the process. Order, thankfully, was restored in a matter of hours, without any serious injuries or incidents, all thanks to frankly the swift professional work of the NYPD. They deserve a round of applause.Anyway, they were forced to storm Hamilton Hall at Columbia through a second floor window after the rioters barricaded the building and the building entryway. But the big question moving forward is, will any of these criminals, any of them be held accountable?According to the Manhattan district attorney's office, 280 arrests were made at Columbia and City College last night. Of those 280 arrests, 170 perpetrators were already released with the mere summons. That's basically a little more than a parking ticket or a traffic ticket. The rest, they were issued a desk appearance ticket which is typically used for low-level misdemeanors and a few might be charged with felonies but that is TBD, to be determined.In Alvin Bragg's New York, that would likely only happen to somebody with the last name Trump. So as of right now, it appears that very few will be held accountable and are now free to continue go right back to the rioting. Now, just imagine if they were Trump supporters breaking into a building, holding staff against their will, do you really think that Joe Biden would be a silent as he is now? Do you think his weaponized Department of Justice, do you think the state of New York would let them go off scot- free? I tend to doubt it.And keep in mind, those participating in Joe Biden's summer of love -- well, they aren't all students at Columbia. A professional protest consultant was apparently spotted, quote, instructing a mob of anti-Israel agitators as they were taking over Hamilton Hall. So how is that not a conspiracy to commit a crime?And last night inside of Hamilton Hall, just listen to what the police recovered.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NYPD DEPUTY COMMISSIONER: This is not what students bring to school, okay? This is what professionals bring to campuses and universities. These are heavy industrial chains that were locked with bike locks, and this is what we encountered on every door inside Hamilton Hall. And so, in order for our emergency services group to enter into the building, they had to first cut through these chains, but also get rid of debris and barricaded doors that were barricaded with refrigerators, vending machines, chairs -- you name it, they pushed it up against those doors to try and stop us from coming in.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, it's not just Columbia. At UT-Austin, there's 79 rioters arrested, more than half were not students at all. At the University of South Florida, this 39-year-old was arrested while carrying a gun at an anti-Israel riot on campus.This is a recipe for disaster and yet your president, Joe Biden, he's still in hiding. Today, only one closed door event on his calendar and why would he ever deviate from that rigorous schedule. Biden reportedly penciled -- is penciled in to give a speech and address and he will address this on May 7th? He needs another, what, six whole days to prepare and rest up for it. And even then, I wouldn't expect much.Joe desperately needs the votes from the antisemites that are in his party, the people in Congress, the Squad, the people that hate the Jewish people, people that hate Israel and really people that are not particularly fond of this country as well.But we do have some good news tonight, all is not lost in every corner of America, there are many people that love this country. We don't hear from them a lot because, well, they have jobs and kids and lives and they're responsible. But these hardworking, peace-loving Americans are everywhere. At the University of North Carolina, amid what is a wave of projectiles, a group of frat brothers they actually rallied around the school's American flag protecting it from pro-Palestinian rioters who had already ripped the flag down once and replaced it with the Palestinian flag.Last night, right here in new -- right in New York City, the NYPD ripped down another Palestinian flag, threw it on the ground, returning our country's flag to its rightful place. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: That's our flag folks. Don't take over our buildings and put another flag up. That may be fine to other people, but it's not to me. My uncle died defending this country, and these men and women put their lives on the line, and it's despicable that schools will allow another country flag to fly in our country. So blame me for being proud to be an American and I thank Commissioner Daughtry for putting that flag back up. We're not surrendering our way of life to anyone.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That was New York City Mayor Eric Adams filling the void left by a president who is unable and unwilling to stand up for our country and tonight, the hate-filled protests, they continue.Joining us with the very latest, live tonight on the ground, she is in New York City, Alexis McAdams is with us.Alexis, well, I hear a lot of noise behind you yet again.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sean, that's right. Another night New York City and another protest, this time at NYU here in the Big Apple. We're going to walk you a little bit closer to this crowd, we're going to have my photographer push in a little bit.It's a pretty big crowd here at NYU. This is right in front of one of their buildings just on campus, not far from Washington Square Park. And so, the different thing about this compared to Columbia is this is more in the middle of the city, right? So some of these people can kind of come from outside groups a lot more easily, according to NYPD and mixed into these crowds. We'll have to see how things play out. But the crowd does continue to grow here and we've been trying to talk to people here on the ground about what they feel about the NYPD showing up, asking about what happened at Columbia University last night, and why so many of them are wearing masks.Why are you out here today? Why are you out here today? Oh, okay, no mask there but no answer there either.So we'll go move a little bit closer too and see if anybody wants to talk to us.Why are you out here today?Why are you at this protest tonight?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't feel comfortable speaking.MCADAMS: Okay, why are you guys at this protest tonight, anything you want to mention about how you feel the university is handling it? Why are you guys wearing masks? Are you worried about people knowing who you are?Why are you guys out here tonight at this protest, anything you wanted to tell people who want to know what's going on?Okay, got it, and so nobody really wants to talk about it. But when we've asked people last night, people had a lot more to say when the NYPD was moving in and they thought it was wrong and that they were taking too much action.But as we saw, I mean, they cleared that out in two hours at NYU or at Columbia rather. The police haven't had to move in here just yet to have any major issues but when you have a crowd like this kind of growing in right and getting bigger and bigger. That is the concern that things could get out of hand.We did see some of the top NYPD brass out here as they continue to chant for the end of the occupation. They're saying that this school should completely divest from Israel and they don't say too much more than that when you ask them kind of the questions, Sean, that we've been trying to ask them.Also, too, why are they wearing masks, right, if this is what they believe in? Sean?HANNITY: I think we know why They don't want anybody to identify them and they're probably even afraid to talk to you for that reason. Alexis, great work last night and tonight. We appreciate you working so hard for the channel. Thank you.All right. Last night, before the NYPD storm Columbia University's Hamilton Hall, a spokesperson for the squatters was widely mocked. Why? They were demanding water and food and other humanitarian aid less than hours after occupying the academic building. Really? They were hungry? I guess they probably had the munchies. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That is largely in the hands of the university. It's up to them to commit to not threatening us with food insecurity, evictions and soldiers and militarized police. That would be a great first step.Well, I guess it's ultimately a question of what kind of community and obligation Columbia feels it has to its students. Do you want students to die of dehydration and starvation or get severely ill, even if they disagree with you? If the answer is no, then you should allow basic -- I mean, it's crazy to say because we're on an Ivy League campus, but this is like basic humanitarian aid we're asking for like, could people please have a glass of water?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Guess what? If you want a glass of water, just leave the building that you shouldn't be in anyway. It's that simple.N if you think that is bad, look at this document obtained by our very own Bill Melugin. Now, it's a list of needs from protesters that are now squatting at UCLA, including -- get this -- vegan food, rope, zip ties, knee pads, lotion but absolutely no bananas or bagels are allowed and no sunscreen. I wonder if they' like a big thick juicy steak. I don't know.Anyway, here with the full report from UCLA tonight, Bill Melugin.Pretty -- pretty darn demanding, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, Sean, they are. And just moments ago, UCLA police just announced on a loudspeaker that this encampment behind us is unlawful. They're saying everybody has to leave or potentially face arrest, the encampment ignored them. And evidently, this encampment believes that walls work. Take a look behind me right here.All after afternoon, they have built a wall around their encampment made out of wooden pallets and plywood that they have bound together with zip ties and screws that they have drilled in. They are preparing for some sort of siege they believe is coming whether it's from counter protesters like we saw last night or from law enforcement.But in the meantime, Sean, you just mentioned that Google document we obtained, let's take a look at it one more time. This is a list of things that people inside this camp say they need donated to them. On that list, vegan and gluten-free food, super bright flashlights with strobe capability, rope and zip ties, helmets, shield and wood, knee pads and elbow pads, lotion, no sunscreen, then goggles and gas masks. They also asked that everything be BDS compliant, meaning boycott divestment and sanctions, essentially don't give them anything that has anything to do with Israel.But back out here live as that announcement was made that this is unlawful, we continue to see more LAPD showing up, some of them with their crowd control helmets. There's sheriff's department deputies gathering off campus. There's California highway patrol gathering. A lot of different law enforcement agencies are gathering here.You certainly get the vibe that something is about to happen this evening, Sean, and we'll be here in case it does. We'll send it back to you.HANNITY: All right. Bill, we'll be checking in throughout the night. Thank you for being out there. It got very violent at UCLA last night, and we've been showing a lot of that video.Joining us now, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz.Professor Dershowitz, you know, you spent a lot of years teaching at Harvard and I know you were proud of that for a big part of your life. I wouldn't be proud to be associated with that institution ever again.ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: I agree with you completely. There isn't a single Harvard professor that I know of, Jewish, not Jewish, who's prepared to speak up on behalf of the Jewish students. They are silent. They are unwilling to do anything.And, you know, the end result is that these protesters are being allowed to win. They're being allowed to win. Brown University says, oh, we're going to give in to you. Northwestern, we're going to give in to you. We'll admit especially some Palestinian students who aren't qualified. We'll hire Palestinian professors to encourage more of these kinds of protest.Can you imagine if a Ku Klux Klan riot had occurred at a university campus that the campus authorities would negotiate with the Klan, the Klan would say you know we want about six racist professors because we don't have any diversity here? We don't have any racists on the faculty. We'd like a few people who favor segregation.Nobody would dream of doing that, but they're prepared to hire Hamas supporters, Hamas professors, kind of Hitler youth-oriented professors. You cannot give into these protesters because if you do, it just encourages more and more of these unlawful protests. You give in if students sign a petition, then you negotiate with them. You negotiate with them if they have totally and completely lawful, lawful protests.But once they cross the line, end of negotiation, no more giving in. Otherwise, you're just encouraging this kind of lawlessness.HANNITY: You know, Mike Huckabee, we watch this unfold and the violence got really bad last night out in Los Angeles. They're expecting maybe more tonight and I agree with Professor Dershowitz. I mean, you're negotiating with a group of people, I -- it's very hard to understand where they're coming from, why there's any moral ambiguity about the 1,200 Israelis slaughtered on October 7th, the hundreds taken hostage, the videos of people being burned to death, women -- men, women and children being beheaded, rapes that we know occurred in huge numbers.Whatever happened to woke campuses and PC campuses?MIKE HUCKABEE FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: People have lost their minds. I don't ever want to hear anybody talk about the right side of history anymore. We need to be talking about the right side of sanity, because what we have here is simply indefensible. It's people who are supposed to be smart, smart enough to get into a school like this, but they're showing how utterly ignorant they are of the Middle East, of Israel, of the so-called Palestinians, of Hamas.And in their ignorance, they're -- they're really eliminating themselves from any serious consideration. But if there are no consequences for this ridiculous savage behavior, then they're just going to keep doing it. You know, I still look at the fact that there are people who did stupid things on January the 6th. You and I are among many conservatives, most all conservatives who said everything they did was completely unacceptable when they hit a cop or broke a window or they did something like that.But there are people who did none of those things. They just showed up and walked around. They're still in jail.These people if they're not put in jail for a significant period of time -- well, we're just going to get a lot more of it because without consequences. That's what happens.HANNITY: Well, don't forget the summer of the 2020, the summer of love and what and what happened in the summer of love and you can see this now unfolding on your screen, 574 riots, a couple of dead -- a couple of dozen dead Americans, cops injured with bricks, rocks, bottles and Molotov cocktail that were thrown at them, billions in property damage.I didn't see Liz Cheney or anybody calling committee hearings and holding those people responsible even though we had the video.All right. Governor Huckabee, thank you. Alan Dershowitz, thank you.Now, while many on the left work to sow division and hatred, Robert Kraft, the owner of the New England Patriots, is trying to bring people together through the Foundation to Combat Antisemitism.You might remember this ad. It aired during the Super Bowl this past year. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, FOUNDATION TO COMBAT ANTISEMITISM)CLARENCE B. JONES, SPEECH WRITER FOR MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.: Sometimes I imagine what I'd write today for my dear friend Martin. I'd remind people that all hate thrives on one thing: silence. The people who will change the nation are those who speak out.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now amid the latest unrest -- well, Robert Kraft is publishing this full page ad. It will be in major newspapers across the country in the next two days.It reads in part: Instead of colleges and universities, teaching the core principles of free speech and debate that our country was founded on, they are emboldening hatred that is tearing their campuses and our youth apart.Joining us now with more, he's the founder of the Foundation to Combat Antisemitism, also the owner of the New England Patriots, our friend Robert Kraft is back with us.You went to Columbia. You watched what happened last night. You had already taken a strong stand. You took it during the Super Bowl. You've taken it since October 7th, and look where we are.I -- Robert, I never thought we'd see this in our lifetime.ROBERT KRAFT, FOUNDER OF THE FOUNDATION TO COMBAT ANTISEMITISM: You and me both, Sean.You know, I think our universities were one of our competitive advantages as a country. And I think what's going on now throughout America is scaring a lot of people. And they want to know that we're going to win this battle and I just ask all of your good listeners who care about this country to speak up now.You know, universities used to be where you had critical debate and different points of view. We didn't teach hate and intimidation.HANNITY: Yeah. Let me -- let me ask you a question and maybe I'll use a football analogy. Maybe -- let's say the New England Patriots have the number 1 draft pick, and you have a Tom Brady star in the making that's going to go in the first round, first pick.And you found out that that individual was a part of any of what we've been witnessing on television and believe that.Would you pick that player?KRAFT: No, and I know Tom Brady pretty well and he represents the best values of America and actually --HANNITY: I agree with that, I'm not insinuating else.KRAFT: No --HANNITY: I was not insinuating anything else.(CROSSTALK)KRAFT: We had the privilege of picking a pretty special guy, number 3 this year, who I think we're very proud of and represents his family, represents the values that all of us in America hold dear.And we -- we really have -- the reason I took these ads out, I want people to know that good people, and they come to our foundation, they really care and they have to speak up and not be silent the way Martin Luther King spoke about it with Clarence.HANNITY: Yeah, I agree with you.I wish more people like yourself, of prominence, that have -- when Robert Kraft speaks, a lot of people listen. I've known you as a friend for many years and I'm really proud of the fact that you've taken a strong stand.I remember when the issue of social justice came up in the NFL, correct me if I'm wrong, didn't you go to your players and say, if there's any charity that is near and dear to your heart, whatever you -- whatever money you raise and put into it, that you would match it? And didn't you go out with some of your players?KRAFT: A hundred percent.HANNITY: Yeah.KRAFT: Yes, thank you -- thank you for saying that, and it's true.You know, look, I'm one of the greatest beneficiaries of what America has to offer. I got a full academic scholarship at Columbia. I dreamt big dreams, I went through tough times. But it's the greatest country in the world, and I'm privileged among other things to own an NFL franchise in my hometown when I didn't have a car until I was 25.I want to keep those values alive for everyone that comes to this country.You know, I had a dinner tonight with a woman who runs one of the best hospitals in Boston and she came here from Nicaragua at age 10, and she lived the American dream and they left Somoza in Nicaragua, and now, she's worried about what's happening here.Good people care and we just need to band together and speak out and not to be afraid. We need empathy here and not hatred.HANNITY: Yeah. So your ad will be in major newspapers starting tomorrow, coast-to-coast. And I hope people will read the entire letter that you are putting in this ad and really take the time to contemplate the message that you are trying to send. It is a critical one at a critical point, and I admire you for doing it.Robert Kraft, thank you again for being with us.All right. When we come back, you're not going to go -- you won't know who Biden is considering letting into the country. I can't even believe it myself. And I'm not easily shocked anymore.Newt Gingrich will explain, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now, this is pretty unbelievable. According to a report, Joe Biden is now thinking about bringing refugees from Gaza into this country. And today, the White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre did not deny that report and instead claimed that the White House was evaluating that situation.Okay, so here are some things that the White House might want to evaluate or consider in their evaluation. First, Jordan and Egypt and other Arab Muslim nations around the Middle East, why have they all explicitly refused to take in Palestinian refugees? Think about that, why is that?Second, the people of Gaza have long been subject to anti-Jewish, anti- American indoctrination, all starting at an early age. Just take a look at these disgusting antisemitic cartoons that target young children, and it's far worse than that. By the way, polling after October 7th showed that 72 percent of the Palestinian people thought those attacks on Israel were correct. Now, Joe Biden wants these same people to be your neighbors?How would you ever know if they were radicalized? You have kids, cartoons, school books, they're teaching even the youngest kids to hate Jews, hate Israel and hate America.Also tonight, according to new DHS documents obtained by Bill Melugin, we're learning more about the administration's efforts to quietly, quote, relocate illegal immigrants around the country via the mass parole program. They're flying them directly from their country into the United States, one of 45 cities. The top five cities for these new arrivals, Miami, Florida , Fort Lauderdale, Florida, New York City, Houston, Orlando, Florida.Hopefully, Governor Ron DeSantis will sue the Biden administration or maybe just send them all to Nantucket or Joe's house in Delaware.Here with reaction, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, FOX News contributor.Mr. Speaker, TV cartoons depicting Koran-based stories of Jews being transformed into apes, animated music video including footage from stabbing and car ramming attacks, lyrics I will attack you, tear you apart. I will stab you. I will cleanse my country of every Jew. Children on Hamas TV, we want to wage jihad, and blow up the Jews.A young boy reciting a song on Hamas TV. The Jews are barbaric apes, the most evil of creatures. Mr. Speaker, I've got pages of examples of that. I could read it for the full hour probably and not get through it all.My point to you is how would Joe Biden ever know if these Palestinians that he wants to take in as refugees were not radicalized as kids?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, but I think, Sean, you are assuming that he cares. The Biden administration gets up every morning and tries to find new ways to weaken and undermine and change America. This is the most anti-American presidency in American history, and I use those words deliberately.They want to profoundly change our country, they want to bring as many illegal people in as they can. They are already in some cities trying to get permission for them to vote. They presently hoped that they will be able to shift the balance of power in terms of the census by counting everybody who's here illegally.I mean, this a these are not stupid people the Biden team really deeply wants to weaken America, and wants to undercut America and wants to do everything they can to change and destroy traditional American culture.So in many ways they are closer to Hamas in their belief that the United States is a colonial power. They're closer to the students who have been out chanting. There's a reason for all of this. This is not an accident. There are people in the administration who's -- who basically are far more sympathetic to Hamas, to radical Islam and to destroying the West than they are to Israel or to the United States.At some point, we just have to be honest and tell the truth. This is a bad dangerous administration trying to stay in power by destroying the rule of law, by putting their major opponent in prison getting him out of the way, making sure he can't run. I mean, watch everything they're doing and say to yourself what if they actually know what they're doing and they're doing it deliberately.HANNITY: Well, I mean, that's the great danger here. And, you know, Mr. Speaker, we've been friends a long time and you always have very, very fun way of telling me, well, you you're thinking that Joe Biden might care.How can a president of the United States of America be contemplating bringing in people that we do know have all been indoctrinated since they're young children. There, do you agree with me that there's a reason that Egypt and Jordan wants no part of that indoctrinated population.GINGRICH: This -- look, the Saudis don't want them. The United Arab Emirates doesn't want them. Qatar doesn't want -- I mean, nobody wants radicalized Islamists who want to set up a dictatorship. This is why Egypt, for example, waged war on the Muslim Brotherhood. Only in the West where you have liberal professors who are out of touch with reality, that you have this fantasy that somehow this can all work out.Nobody, nobody in the Middle East believes that you can coexist with Hamas because it is -- it is a regime dedicated as you said at the beginning to eliminating every Jew in Israel. Now, this is not complicated but when you have somebody like Secretary Blinken or President Biden who refused to deal with reality, then you're faced with dangers like this.HANNITY: All right. Mr. Speaker, thank you for being with us. Scary times, I'll tell you that.When we come back, Jim Jordan is demanding answers on the ex-federal prosecutor that is helping Alvin Bragg. In other words, he came from Joe Biden's weaponized DOJ. He'll explain why this is important. And then later --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Characteristic of the propaganda --(CROSSTALK)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): You retweeted -- are you going to call me a sick (EXPLETIVE DELETED)?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Senator Kennedy at his finest, confronting a climate professor at a recent hearing. We'll play you his full remarks and Governor Kristi Noem, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And this is a FOX News alert, anti-Israel protesters have once again gathered outside of NYU in New York City. Our very own Alexis McAdams is live on the ground.Alexis, what's going on now?MCADAMS: Hey. So, the crowd has grown a little bit in size outside of NYU. You can take a look here and see what's going on. You can see the Palestinian flags and the group of students, but it's not all students. This is also people living in the area who are out here saying they should end the siege on Gaza, also saying that NYU should divest from Israel at this point.So, we've been also talking -- trying to talk with protesters asking why they are wearing masks and also what their messages to protesters and to the school.I'm going to check in right now with some students here on campus, including a freshman student who is Jewish who says they aren't feeling the safest at NYU.Are you regretting choosing this university?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: To be honest, I'm a little ashamed that I go to NYU. Like, my friends all go to Yeshiva University, and they are definitely protected and they are safe. I've been walking around feeling unsafe, hiding my, and switching my necklace out.MCADAMS: What you think about what happened at Columbia University? You know, there's been a lot going on at the university, there were those arrests that happened. Do you think there's going to be arrests on campus here?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I hope the NYPD steps in even more than they already are to ensure the safety of all students on campus.MCADAMS: There's been some people coming up to you, still chanting right now. What are they saying to you?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They are saying I'm a baby killer. They're saying that I'm a baby killer. I have to say I've never killed one baby in my life.MCADAMS: What is your response then?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I will have to say that I am for peace in the Middle East as well as all of the Jewish people and Hamas is also killing babies.MCADAMS: OK, thanks for talking to us.So, that's the latest here, what you were students are feeling. We will flip around so you can see the group of people who don't want to show their faces but they sure have a lot to say.Anything you want to say?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She lied. She doesn't go to NYU. Her friend just said it. I don't know why they just always lied.MCADAMS: Yeah, there's lot going on out here as well to at the university. She does go to NYU.But, yeah, so this guy had a lot to say before you don't have anything you want to say now that you're on camera?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Who are you with?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, talk to my crew.MCADAMS: I'm with FOX News, who are you guys with?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I just watched you set up that whole thing.MCADAMS: To talk with students. Yeah, so this is kind of -- you don't want to say anything? Okay.So that's all we can hear out here on the ground. So we'll keep you posted on what else we get, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Alexis, great job.Please tell that young woman that that she's in our prayers and to please be careful.All right. Also tonight, Jim Jordan sent a letter to the Attorney General Merrick Garland requesting more information on the former DOJ prosecutor who left Joe Biden's Department of Justice to join Bragg's prosecution against Trump for the misdemeanor of mislabeling business records whose statute limitations have long since passed presided over by a judge who donated to Biden and whose family could very likely benefit from this and who should have recused himself.Anyway, here with reaction, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan.Jim, let me -- if I can, I want to go to -- this guy's name is Matthew Colangelo. Wasn't he the third highest ranking DOJ official?REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah.HANNITY: Why would he give up that prestigious job to go be helping a D.A. in New York City? That seems a little odd to me, unless there's maybe coordination of some kind and maybe Joe Biden wanted him there?JORDAN: Yeah, that's why we're going after every single document, communication this guy had while he was at the Department of Justice, any communications, any documents that he had exchanged with Alvin Bragg, Fani Willis, Jack Smith or Letitia James, because here's a key fact, Sean, Alvin Bragg is saying President Trump conspired to influence the 2016 election. Jack Smith is saying President Trump conspired to influence the 2020 election.What's really going on here is everybody in that I just mentioned, Alvin Bragg, Letitia James, Sack Smith, all of -- and Michael Colangelo, all are conspiring to go after -- to influence the 2024 election. So we want -- we're going to get every communication this guy had, that's what we're pursuing. And understand the history here, Sean.First, we had a hearing in Manhattan where we talked about all the crime going on there and Alvin Bragg not dealing with that.Then we subpoenaed Mark Pomerantz, the guy who wrote the book and was the catalyst who worked for Alvin Bragg and then left wrote the book the catalyst for Alvin Bragg bringing this ridiculous case. Then Alvin Bragg took us to court. We won in court, then we deposed Mr. Pomerantz, and he took the Fifth umpteenth times.So now we want to get all the communications from Colangelo just to see this conspiracy they're all involved with on the left to impact the 2024 election.HANNITY: All right. So let me ask you this. The Department of Justice, you're looking into how it's been weaponized and politicized. They have not been forthcoming. They have not been cooperative. You've sent subpoena after subpoena.What other potential power might you have?JORDAN: Well, there's always the contempt. I mean, look, we know that that Merrick Garland, we're looking -- we're looking at contempt for the attorney general because he won't give us the audio tape that the special counsel her had when they interviewed Joe Biden and they decided not to charge this guy with knowingly having and giving out classified information, they won't charge him. They won't recommend charges because he's a forgetful old man. We'd like to get that. So there's contempt when they don't comply with subpoenas.We've issued 90-some subpoenas from the judiciary committee. I've signed some subpoenas this Congress, but we'll keep doing it to get the facts.HANNITY: Congressman -- who would have to sign off on a contempt prosecution, like they did with Bannon and Navarro? Wouldn't that have to be Joe's Department of Justice?JORDAN: Yeah, you can also go to -- you can also go -- if it's -- it depends if it's civil or criminal, but yeah, typically, it goes to the Justice Department. So it's the same Justice Department, but still there's this -- that -- that's again, we're the legislative branch, we got to use every tool have.We can't indict anyone. We can't prosecute anyone. All we can do is go after the facts, use the subpoena power, use the hearing power and use the power of the purse, frankly, to influence these things and get control of these agencies.HANNITY: All right. Jim Jordan, thank you. We appreciate your time.When we come back, well, South Dakota Governor Christine will join us for an exclusive interview responding to what has been a backlash over her upcoming memoir, where she wrote about killing a dog. She'll explain as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem is facing backlash after an excerpt from her upcoming memoir was released. Now, Governor Noem tells a story about how she had to shoot and kill her 14-year-old dog -- 14-month-old dog because the dog was untrainable and, quote, less than a worthless as a hunting dog. She also wrote about killing her family's goat shortly after, saying the goat was, quote, nasty and mean and smell disgusting.These stories quickly went viral. Noem is being attacked by both Republicans and Democrats, dog lovers and goat lovers.Anyway, joining us with our first interview since the backlash is the author of the upcoming book "No Going Back: The Truth of What's Wrong with Politics and How We Move America Forward".Governor, I know you haven't -- you have responded. You responded on X on Sunday and you gave more explanation to this, but you -- you talk about this 14-month-old dog as untrainable. You describe it as a trained assassin, how you -- how the dog was killing chickens of a local neighbor, and how the dog even went to bite you and I believe bit others as well.Tell us in your words why it came to that decision. I mean, unfortunately, dogs that are violent, sometimes have to be put down. But I guess people because you shot the dog said -- is there a difference which way you put a dog down? I'm not really sure, but I don't think people understood it. I want to give you a chance to explain.GOV. KRISTI NOEM (R), SOUTH DAKOTA: Well, Sean, you know how the fake news works. They leave out some or most of the facts of a story. They put the worst spin on it, and that's what's happened in this case. I hope people really do buy this book and they find out the truth of this story because the truth of the story is that this was a working dog, and it was not a puppy.It was a dog that was extremely dangerous. It had come to us from a family who had found her way too aggressive. We were her second chance and she was -- the day she was put down was a day that she massacred livestock that were part of our neighbors. She attacked me, and it was a hard decision.And the reason it's in the book is because this book is filled with tough challenging decisions that I've had to make throughout my life, and I hope that people understand from this that what the point of this story is, is that most politicians, they will run from the truth, they will shy away and hide from making tough decisions. I don't do either of those. I tell the truth and I make tough decisions.People attacked me during COVID for keeping my state open. They called me wrong and attacked me night after night on TV for not doing mandates and not forcing people to get vaccines or wear masks. They're doing it again now with this.I just hope people will read the book find out the truth because this was a dangerous animal and I had a choice between keeping my small children and other people safe or a dangerous animal and I chose the safety of my children.HANNITY: You know, I was shocked when we learned that Joe Biden and he has a German shepherd, that when all was said and done, 24 Secret Service agents were bitten by a German shepherd, by a big dog.I want to go back to something that you say here. You said you followed the law in your book. What is the law?NOEM: Uh-huh. Virtually, every state has a law in place that says that animals that attack and kill livestock can be put down in situations like this. But I'll tell you, Sean, to farmers and ranchers, they expect it. They know that once an animal like this starts killing and starts killing just because they enjoy it, that that is a very dangerous animal, and that was the situation that we were dealing with.And I'm a dog lover. I've trained dogs for years. I've been around hundreds of them, of course, and so this was a tough situation and very difficult. But that's what happens in rural America many times and, you know, I hope people do read the facts of the story and truly understand that I'm a mom, and at the time I had small children, a lot of small kiddos that worked around our business and people and I wanted to make sure that they were safe.And that dogs that have this kind of a problem, that have been to training for months and still kill for fun, they are extremely dangerous, and a responsible owner does what they need to do, and what this -- what the law will allow.HANNITY: A dog trainer friend of mine actually describes every dog is a baby wolf, and they have a pack mentality. And once they get aggressive, it's very difficult to alter and change that behavior.Look at the case of Joe Biden. Initially, we had heard, okay, maybe one Secret Service agent, maybe three, and then at one point we read 24. In that particular case, if somebody is biting people in large numbers like that, wouldn't it -- it's a sad thing to do but at some point, doesn't it become the responsible thing to -- for the safety of others that you don't allow a dog at least around anybody else at the very least?NOEM: Well, and that was our situation was this dog had come to us from another family that had already found her to be too aggressive. They'd had issues before and we had she we put her through months of training and we're working with her. It's an unfortunate situation but one that I hope people understand that they need to hear the truth and not what the media's been spinning.The media continuously through the fake news does not always tell the truth and they spin the story. They did the same thing to me during COVID, and they're doing it again here. I hope people buy the book and read the truth.HANNITY: All right. The book is available by the way online you go to amazon.com and read it for yourself. And as always, you decide. It's called "No Going Back". Governor Noem, thank you.When we come back, Senator John Kennedy grilling a climate professor during a hearing. Classic tape, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY Our friend Senator John Kennedy grilled a far left professor at a hearing today. Classic Kennedy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KENNEDY: I'd like to submit all of the good doctor's objective tweets and scientific analysis for the record.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: These are not my tweets. These are retweets as in --KENNEDY: Oh, you often retweet stuff you don't support? Is that what you're telling me, Doc?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I did not say that I don't support this. I simply did not tweet it which as you alleging.KENNEDY: Retweeted it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'd like to make very clear that this form of character assassination is characteristic of the propaganda techniques. Senator Merkley, thank you.KENNEDY: You retweeted -- are you going to call me a sick (EXPLETIVE DELETED)?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I wish I could have played it.That's all the time we have left. Please set your DVR and let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face. Have a great night.