TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, John and Sandra, thank you. I'm Trace Gallagher in for Martha. Good afternoon, everybody. This is THE STORY, and we are talking about massive protests against Israel now rocking the University of Texas, Austin. And the University of Southern California right here in Los Angeles one day after NYPD Commissioner Kaz Daughtry said he suspects professional agitators are behind this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAZ DAUGHTRY, NYPD COMMISSIONER: To me, I think somebody's funding this. Also, there are professional agitators in there that are just looking for something to be agitated about, which is a protest.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: In moments, a story exclusive with NYPD Chief of Patrol John Chell and NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Operations Kaz Daughtry, but first to the senior national correspondent William LaJeunesse on the breaking news out of Texas and of here in California.William, let's begin in California because USC, we can show the live pictures here they're bringing intense they're bringing in sleeping bags, it appears from the outside looking in they plan to stay for a while.WILLIAM LAJEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: It may be a study in contrasts like University of Texas, compared to maybe Columbia. We're not sure yet about USC, because we don't know what the marching orders of the police will be, LAPD and campus police. You're right, this started about one to two hours ago. You've got about 100, 150 protesters there right now who say they are in solidarity for Gaza.They've taken over Alumni Park, which is right in the middle of campus, and they've brought their tents and they may be staying for a while. But again, we are told LAPD is on its way. The question is, what are they told to do? What do they have permission to do? Clear them out like the University of Texas.GALLAGHER: It's in California, so we should know that the police response is not going to be as robust and as heavy-handed as it might be in some places like Texas as we move on to Texas, University of Texas, Austin. This thing, this thing is, is going to linger it's itself a while.LAJEUNESSE: Well, I'll tell you what, so we do know that the administration, the dean of students, as well as a division of student affairs told this group students for solidarity with Palestine, do not do this. If you do, there will be arrest and discipline, possibly suspension. So, state DPS was brought in about maybe an hour ago, some pretty heavily armed officers, when the riot gear, if you will, to clear out the maybe 200, 300 students who gathered right in front of the UT tower.And we believe, we have reporters on the scene, that there have been two to four arrests so far, and it appears that they are clearing them out. They were told, this student group was told, be advised, you're not permitted to hold your event, you'll face discipline, we don't tolerate disruptions, because it's a very important time in the semester, right? They're preparing for finals. Not a good time for students who are trying to get their work done.GALLAGHER: And it's notable, we should say, Austin is a liberal city in a red state. It'll be interesting to see how this plays out and how they, they handle this. William LaJeunesse, we'll get back to you as the news warrants. Continuing coverage of breaking news now to New York City. House Speaker Mike Johnson will soon speak from Columbia University after more than 200 arrests at Columbia and New York University. Mayor Eric Adams praising the NYPD's quote high level of discipline dealing with bottles and chairs being thrown at them as they try to keep the peace. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: NYPD go to hell!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: NYPD go to hell!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Brick by brick!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Brick by brick!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Wall by wall!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Wall by wall!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: NYPD will crawl!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: NYPD will crawl!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Moving up the barriers, you yourself are under arrest. This time you are making unreasonable noise.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is the New York City Police Department.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why are you in riot gear? There's no (BLEEP) riot gear!(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: The NYPD Chief of Patrol John Chell and Deputy Commissioner of Operations Kaz Daughtry are standing by, but first, the correspondent Alexis McAdam. She is live for us at NYU. Alexis, good afternoon.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNE CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Trace, good afternoon. Well, here at NYU, it's not as chaotic as it was just the other day, right? But that's what they are trying to prevent on this campus. You can see it behind me, you can see it here to our left, this is a live look right now at what's happening here with the boards right in front of the business school. The tactic the school hopes will stop protesters from setting up tents and stop chaos like this. Watch.This follows that chaos this week. Check it out in this new video, Trace, that shows protesters chasing after NYPD officers who just made an arrest on Monday night when they were called in to clear the campus. OK, police sources telling me the crowd grew angry and violent after they cuffed a protester. The group trying to get the protester out of police custody running towards those cops. So, the police went into the building for safety reasons.They also threw a chair in this video and that wasn't at all. Protesters throwing a chair and also bottles as they tried to clear the scene. Thrown so hard, we're told, that it smashed an officer's riot helmet. Police believe there were professional agitators mixed into that crowd, so the NYPD is looking into the possibility that an outside group could be funding these protests across the city.Now let's take a live look over at Columbia University. This is kind of where it all started, right, in the past several days, Trace. Calls now for the university's president there to resign getting louder and louder. House Speaker Mike Johnson will meet with Jewish students this afternoon. This morning though, things got a little out of hand there. It was only like 7:30 this morning, our cameras capturing these anti-Israel chants like this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Israel, go to hell!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Israel, go to hell!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It is right to rebel!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is right to rebel!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Israel, go to hell!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Israel, go to hell!(END VIDEO CLIP) MCADAMS: So, as pro-Palestinian protests continue to erupt across the country, the NYPD remains on high alert. They can't go into these campuses that are private, right, Trace, until they get the call to move in, and then when they do it, they try to get things under control quick. Trace?GALLAGHER: Alexis McAdams, live for us at NYU. Alexis, we'll get back to you as the news warrants as well. Let's bring in the NYPD Chief of Patrol, John Chell, and NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Operations, Kaz Daughtry. Gentlemen, thank you both for coming on. I want to put the New York post headline up on the screen because it's very telling. The headline is, Columbia surrenders.And then you have on the left pro-terrorist students get slap on the wrist as, you know, professors join protest and the right it says schools cancel all in-person classes for the semester. New York post headline, you look at this, does the NYPD agree that these things have gotten way out of control, Chief?JOHN CHELL, NYPD CHIEF OF PATROL: Well, look, we're very neutral in this situation. We're here to keep everyone safe. You know, what happens on the campus of Columbia, that's a private institution, as you stated. We're monitoring the outside protests. We are ready if they need us to come on campus to take the students off. That has to be done in writing for us. But I'll leave the politics of this to the school.Our department has performed so well. Let me go back. We've handled over 2,300 protests from October 7th. That's about 12 a day. We're very well trained, we're disciplined. You can see our performance. We're doing it well. And our goal here is to keep people safe, let them practice their First Amendment, and not put up any laws favoring them to the extent that we can.GALLAGHER: Yes, you and your team have done Yeoman's work, there's no doubt about that. There's been discussions with the Columbia protesters here, and I want to put these on the screen because some of the things they have come to a partial list is they've committed to dismantling and removing a significant number of tents, ensuring that those not affiliated with Columbia will leave. The outside agitators comply with all requirements of the New York Fire Department and prohibit discriminatory or harassing language. To you now, Commissioner Daughtry, is this enough to kind of keep this thing going, but to keep it peaceful?DAUGHTRY: Thank you for the question. Sorry to break the bad news to you, but there's more demands that the students on the campus are demanding with the school leadership, which I'm not going to go into, but I'm not going to get involved in politics between the students in the school. We are -- this department with Commissioner Edward Caban, the department is ready when, when the call comes from Columbia to address the situation on campus, so we're just in standby mode.GALLAGHER: Yes, and Chief, I want to go back to you because as you look at the protest in the right-hand side of the screen, there's a lot of talk about the fact that these Jewish students have been told to stay home, that a rabbi at Columbia said, listen, stay home because we cannot ensure your safety. And as much as you say the NYPD has a handle on this, what do you tell the Jewish students there? How do you keep these young people safe, sir?CHELL: Well, look, I'm not going to tell them how to feel nor what to do in the interest of their safety. We are there just in case something happens. We are there to assist when called upon. And you know the sad part about this, there's a lot of sad parts about it, but the language is very disturbing. And that's the First Amendment and we have to put up with that. I wish we could do more.Again, we're trying to keep people physically safe and hopefully feeling safe. And the school, the Jewish students don't want to go to school so they feel safe, that's, that's on them. I'm not going to tell you how to feel, but we're there, we're ready to go if we have to do, and we show them and prove to them that we could do so.GALLAGHER: Commissioner, I got you there --DAUGHTRY: Can I add to that?GALLAGHER: Yes, you can add I just want to say, there is a big debate over whether this is all free speech, because some of this speech is harmful, some of this speech could be threatening, some of this speech could be dangerous, and that doesn't fall under free speech. Go ahead, sir.DAUGHTRY: Let's talk about free speech. Let's talk about what I personally was at NYU. I witnessed the 10 to 15 professors, faculty members, when the officers went to move in to go start effecting the rest because they didn't want to clear the plaza. Let's just say, if my officers spoke how the professors and the faculty spoke to the officers, if my officers spoke like that, they would get a substantiated CCRB.GALLAGHER: Right. Right. I mean, the whole problem here is that we started this segment chief with a list and all the chance and the chance are, you know, clearly, anti-Israel, anti-Semitic, and then they become anti-NYPD comparing the NYPD with the KKK. So, some of this language has been directed at your people who were simply trying to keep the peace and you can see where a lot of people say they could see these areas becoming like the Seattle autonomous zone back in the George Floyd riots where they linger and last all summer long and get bigger and more dangerous.CHELL: Well, Trace, right. Columbia last week, the language from the students towards our cops was reprehensible, disgusting. We will not have any Seattle type encampments on the streets of New York City. I can guarantee you that that would end rather quickly. The fine line here is the street, the public property which we'll deal with, and the colleges, the private property. That's where we've got to strike this balance. Let me repeat, there will never be encampments in the streets of New York City while we're in power. Never going to happen.GALLAGHER: Commissioner, it's a very, very, it's a very tendentious, really it's kind of one of those things where you have to walk a very fine line because we remember back to the Black Lives Matter protest and the arrests that were made and then the lawsuits that were filed against the New York Police Department and the millions of dollars that NYPD had to pay out and that's why it seems like, you know, sometimes police officers are reticent to shut things down now like they used to five years ago.DAUGHTRY: And you're a thousand percent right, but we've got to take into consideration also, these are students, these are kids. And this is, what we saw with George Floyd was totally different than what we're seeing now. And we don't want it to get like how it is with George Floyd, that's why we are, you know, handling them with kid gloves, as you would say. But like Chief Chell says, if they try to pull this rhetoric on the street or setting up encampments, that is not going to happen, not as long as we are in a leadership position here in this city.GALLAGHER: Yes, had there been any directions or advice given to the officers on the street chief to handle this and are they getting marching orders as they go out to Columbia and out to NYU?CHELL: So, we go back to Columbia last Thursday, I personally instructed them to be professional, to be firm but fair, and do your job well. And they've done it well. Between NYU, Columbia, last night at Grand Army Plaza with 200 plus arrests, we have done this flawlessly. And we're neutral, and we know how to conduct ourselves, and I think that the country is watching now, and I think our young men and women from this department and our bosses are doing a fantastic job in a very precarious situation.GALLAGHER: Lastly to you, Commissioner, it's hard to be neutral when so much hate is being thrown your way.DAUGHTRY: And that is right. We're built for this. NYPD officers take this job knowing that you are going to be called hateful languages, but the department is built for this. Like Chief Chell says, when the protesters decided to sit on Grand Army Plaza on Eastern Parkway. Guess what? Our team moved in and we arrested over 200. We made 209 arrests. We will not tolerate lawless behavior in New York City. You will not shut down our bridges. You will not shut down our tunnels. You will not shut down our streets. We will arrest you.GALLAGHER: Yes. Commissioner Daughtry, Chief Chell, thank you, gentlemen. We appreciate it. Best of luck to you and your teams out there. We just want to listen very quickly into some of these chants because this is at the University of Southern California here in Los Angeles, about nine miles away from where I sit right now. And let's listen in here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free, Palestine!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free, free, free Palestine!AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free, free Palestine!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free, free, Palestine!AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free, free Palestine!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free, free, free Palestine!AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free, free Palestine!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free for food and education!AMERICAN CROWD: Free for food and education!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No for war and occupation.AMERICAN CROWD: No for war and occupation.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free for food and education!(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's interesting that you see from Columbia to the University of San Diego -- University of Southern California, where you literally are talking about 2,600 miles apart, and they are saying the same phrases.You mentioned the chief earlier was talking about how he believes some outside agitators might be involved in this, and that is probably a fair assessment. When we see it all the time, they are using the same phrases, the same signs at USC, at Columbia, at University of Texas.And so, you wonder exactly what the motivation is, who the motivation is, and if there are some organized agitators across the country. We'll dig into that more.Meantime, we are waiting to House Speaker Mike Johnson at Columbia this hour. Wait until you hear former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, echoing calls for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to step aside. Kayleigh McEnany, Leo Terrell and Tomi Lahren, all straight ahead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Netanyahu, you can't hide!AMERICAN CROWD: Netanyahu, you can't hide!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We charge you with genocide!AMERICAN CROWD: We charge you with genocide!(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back that of the stories continuing, coverage of the breaking news.The protests, as you see across the country. In the left-hand side of your screen, the University of Texas at Austin, where there are hundreds protesting. On the right-hand side of the screen, the University of Southern California here in Los Angeles.We also expect hundreds to gather there.The University of Texas has been told these protesters have been told that they will not be allowed to stay. We are waiting to find out what they are being told at the University of Southern California.The police response in Southern California not nearly as robust, one would assume as we would expect in Texas.Meantime, here is the scene earlier today outside Columbia University. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It is right to rebel!AMERICAN CROWD: It is right to rebel!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Israel, go to hell!AMERICAN CROWD: Israel, go to hell!(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: As we await live remarks at Columbia from the House Speaker Mike Johnson, meantime, former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi joining the Senate's top Democrat Chuck Schumer, in attacking Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, saying, that he should resign, and calling him a "block to peace". That's a quote.Let's bring in Kayleigh McEnaney, co-host of "OUTNUMBERED" and former White House press secretary under President Trump. Kayleigh, it's great to have you on the show.I mean, it's unbelievable to me when you have Nancy Pelosi. She has not called for Hamas to surrender, the leader of Hamas to step down. The Mullahs in Iran to step down, and yet, she is now calling for Benjamin Netanyahu in the middle of a war to step down.KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, one of our greatest allies. The greatest ally in the Middle East, no doubt. At war, and calls for him to step down. And one of the lines she had, Trace. She said, is Netanyahu afraid of peace?No -- you know who is afraid of peace? You know, who is stymieing peace? Hamas, who is still holding American hostages.Did she say their names? I don't think she did. You know, who stymieing peace? Hamas, who is holding Kfir Bibas, a 1-year-old. His brother Ariel, his mom, Shiri and Yarden.You know who doesn't want peace? Iran, who unleashed an attack and unprecedented one on Israel's soil. That's whose stymieing peace. And it's very sad that our so called-speaker emeritus doesn't understand that.Also, let me give her a few facts right now. Scott Galloway, a professor at NYU shared this. He is exactly right.It's a tragedy anytime a civilian dies, we don't want to see that.GALLAGHER: Right.MCENANY: However, when you look at combatant to civilian ratios, they were higher in Mosul, in Iraq, they were higher in World War II, in Germany, in Japan.Israel has actually kept this lower than those totals. So, you want to look at facts? There is the facts. I'm not sure why Israel -- why the Jewish people of Israel, get a different standard than every other conflict around the world.GALLAGHER: And the administration has admitted it is a different standard, which is very troubling on its face. And you look at what's happening in the progressive wing of the Democratic Party, and there has been no calls at all for Hamas to surrender, to give this thing up and move on.None. Meantime, Ilhan Omar, encouraging protesters at the University of Minnesota. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): I am incredibly moved by your courage and bravery as a student body.Follow your guts and know that what we are doing, the voices that we are racing to save lives in Gaza is a just and righteous and morally correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Talk about a lack of balance, Kayleigh.MCENANY: Yes, just and morally correct. We have heard from these protests - - we've heard some of the protests around New York City, a protester literally say, we went October 7th, not 10 times, not 10,000 times every single day. October 7th. Babies killed, babies tortured, families separated. They want it every day, according to, at least one protester.And he is not alone. We hear burn Tel Aviv to the ground. We hear -- we don't want a two-state solution. We want it all. These are not uncommon. I'm not saying every single protester professes those beliefs.But when you hear that kind of language, there needs to be consequences. I believe --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.MCENANY: As one of my former aides suggested at the White House, that every student loan should be pulled if an individual is caught harassing a Jewish student.Pretty equitable, pretty fair. Ilhan Omar, how about that?GALLAGHER: Yes. I wonder Kayleigh, because I watched the video, Hamas, going into Israel on October 7th. It was horrifying.MCENANY: Yes.GALLAGHER: It was horrifying to watch. And I wonder if that would change some of the minds. The Nancy Pelosi minds and the Ilhan Omar's. Would it or would it just solidify their position?MCENANY: I think it's a fantastic question. I know that some of that footage, the same footage that you showed, Trace was shown on the Hill, was shown in the halls of Congress.I kept trying to follow up and figure out if any of these so-called Squad members attended, I think I could find an example of one or two.But if you want to stand there, and if you want to sit among protesters shouting on behalf of October 7th, you view the footage, you see the babies, you look at the innocence that was taken that day. And then, tell me if you want to go back out there and chanting your chants.GALLAGHER: Right. Right. That's exactly -- that's exactly what I have said a thousand times on our show at night, Kayleigh.Lastly, I just want to play President Biden reiterating his commitment -- his ironclad commitment to Israel.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMERICAN CROWD: Free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free, free Palestine.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My commitment to Israel, I want to make clear again is ironclad. The security of Israel is critical. And we'll always make sure that Israel has what it needs to defend itself against Iran and terrorist it supports.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: But maybe part of the commitment, Kayleigh, would be to go to Colombia, while you're in New York, and go to NYU, and talk to the students, and maybe emphasize that there are two sides to the story, and maybe he should emphasize that.MCENANY: Wouldn't that be something? Instead of going to give these commencement speeches, add to your schedule going here. But he knows he can't do it. There is been this political jockeying going on in the administration. They want the votes of the people you're looking at the screen. It's why his support for Israel was unambiguous. And then, he was calling for a ceasefire, and then, Iran attacks, and it's back to ironclad.It's why he waffles in the condemnation of the protests, he condemns it unequivocally, and then also condemns those who don't understand the plight of the Palestinians.He is trying to talk to both sides, it is a political dance.GALLAGHER: Yes.MCENANY: But one that is deeply damaging to the fabric of our country, and fuels, anti-Semitism and the crimes we see across the country.GALLAGHER: Yes. I -- listen, and we are leaving, I got to go. But I just have to know, we are going to bring up this Harvard poll where, you know, four years ago, 18 to 29-year-olds, you had 63 percent voting for Joe Biden. And today, the number is 28 percent. That's why this is happening. And it's -- you know, it's very apparent.Kayleigh McEnany, great to have you on the show. Thank you.MCENANY: Thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: Well, we are awaiting House Speaker Mike Johnson and other Republican members of Congress on the ground at Columbia University, speaking to Jewish students about the climate of hate against Israel on campus.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHAI DAVIDAI, PROFESSOR, COLUMBIA BUSINESS SCHOOL: I spent last night speaking with Jewish students. They are scared, they are fleeing campus. They are not leaving campus. They are fleeing campus.I have been speaking about the support for Hamas. For six months, the president has never replied to my e-mail.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, any moment now, House Speaker Mike Johnson will speak from Columbia University as anti-Israel protests rock college campuses across the country. You are looking at the University of Southern California, that is on the right hand side of your screen. On the left hand side, clearly you can see Columbia University. This is a coast to coast thing that has been happening for the better part of a week, but it is now picking up in places like Los Angeles, where earlier we saw them in Northern California, now they have kind of made their way down to Southern California.Let's bring back in senior national correspondent, William La Jeunesse. He's here kind of focusing on the University of California, Southern California, right now. Let's go to the White House and listen in. Hold on.(BEGIN LIVE COVERAGE)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: -- mindful. Columbia is a private institution. We're not, I mean, we've been very consistent here about not commenting on personnel matters. That's something for Columbia University, obviously, the board to speak to, and the president, right, to make that decision. So I'm not going to comment on that. That is obviously the speaker's privilege to speak for himself and what he sees.So look, I would say more broadly, and I said this moments ago, this is a deeply painful, painful moment for many communities and we understand that. The President believes that free speech debate and non-discrimination on college campuses are important, they're important American values. And that -- and so he'll always be very clear, we will always be very clear about here, about that here.But, you know, protests must be peaceful, you know? Students must be safe. When we see violent rhetoric, we have to call that out. When we see physical intimidation or grotesque anti-Semitic remarks, we have to speak that out. And you saw that from the President's statement when he -- this President's statement on Passover, he talked about that. He talked about action, taking action and making sure that were calling that out.So we're going to continue to do that, forcefully, condemn anti-Semitism from this administration. We're going to continue to do that. We're implementing, as you know, the first ever national strategic effort to counter anti-Semitism because there should be no place in this country when it relates to that type of hate. We saw what happened in 2017, Charlottesville. That was one of the reasons that this President decided to run in 2020, or he ran in 2020 because of what he saw in Charlottesville and what was happening in the streets of Charlottesville, the vile, just hateful rhetoric that we're seeing there.So I think Columbia is going to have to speak to their personnel issues. And what we will speak to is more broadly what we expect and what we want to see, and how painful it is for many communities here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And then on TikTok, now that the President has signed the bill, does the White House have a preference?(END LIVE COVERAGE)GALLAGHER: Well, we got Karine Jean-Pierre talking about the protest. It was very quick. She's really not going to address it. She's going to let the President speak to that. They were asking about Speaker Mike Johnson going to Columbia and addressing some of the Jewish students there, and she decided not to really say too much about that.We want to bring back in the senior national correspondent William La Jeunesse here. We can put these back up on the screen, the pictures, because we've got the University of Southern California protests going on there, University of Texas, Austin, Columbia University. These are daytime protests. They kind of ginned up later in the day in the East Coast.But now they're kind of picking up and they're going at all hours, William. And at USC, we're getting a little more information.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Right. This is about three hours into the situation right now, so what occurred there was a confrontation. So campus police were told no tents, no banners with this group, right? This is Palestinian group.They attempted to detain an individual. When they put that individual in the cruiser, the protesters surrounded the car. Confrontation, campus police call in LAPD, which brings in more than a dozen patrol cars. They parked around the corner. They're there to be brought onto campus and onto the campus per se. Have not so far, but they're in the ready LAPD helicopters overhead to coordinate necessarily. They don't want them to occupy a space.So right now it looks at about 200 protesters at USC. You can see them walking now. They were in Alumni Park, basically with a bullhorn and the sign, the free Palestine and that kind of thing. Now it appears they're going kind of in circles just outside the main administration building near Alumni Park.A little different situation in Texas.GALLAGHER: Yes.LA JEUNESSE: There also, the administration said you cannot occupy the space. Don't bring the tents. Individuals did. They brought in State DPS to break it up. Now, there's a local reporter there tweeting, saying that the situation has gotten worse since they brought DPS in.But this is right near the time for finals, and the administrators don't want them disrupting campus.GALLAGHER: William, we'll get back to you. If you get more information, come back. We'll bring you on another live look at Columbia University now if we have the time, because the House Speaker Mike Johnson is set to be there. In fact, he's probably there now, set to speak in about nine minutes. We will continue the breaking news coverage across the country of the anti-Israel protests next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are Hamas, wow. You're what? You're what?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes. We're all Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Long live Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, do you have a message for the protesters on campus?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, (inaudible).(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Let's briefly go back to the White House very quickly. They're talking about the protests.(BEGIN LIVE COVERAGE)JEAN-PIERRE: I can't speak to what's going on the ground. I know what UT, what happened is just happening now, happening today, so I have no idea on how that's being dealt on the ground. But look, we've been very clear. We want to see this be peaceful. We understand it's deeply concerning. It is important that communities feel safe and important that students feel safe. That's what we want to see.It should not be violent. It should not be hateful rhetoric here. And so that's what we're going to keep saying, keep calling on them. And we'll let the universities handle that process on how they're dealing on the ground.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And if I may shift back to Ukraine for just a moment. President Zelenskyy said he and President Biden discussed this.(END LIVE COVERAGE)GALLAGHER: See, they don't want to see the language get hateful. The language, the rhetoric on campuses across the country has, in fact, been hateful. Let's check in with the senior correspondent Steve Harrigan. He's live at Columbia University as we await Speaker Johnson addressing students there. Steve?STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: That's right. Speaker Johnson is in meeting with Jewish students and faculty members. He's expected to come out shortly and give a press statement. He's already expressed his opposition to the president here, calling for her to resign and saying that a lot of Jewish students do not feel safe on campus.We're looking at the scene behind me here. You can see those tents are still there. We saw a really deadline set by the university come and go over the past 24 hours. There was a midnight deadline set for all those tents to be dismantled after some negotiation that has been extended 48 hours. So we could see an eventual showdown here or we could see a peaceful resolution. But either way, a lot of students and professors here, Jewish students, say that they don't feel safe. Back to you.GALLAGHER: Steve Harrigan live for us. Back to you as the news warrants and as the speaker comes out to address. Let's bring in our panel meantime, Leo Terrell, civil rights attorney, Tomi Lahren, host of "Tomi Lahren Is Fearless" on Outkick. Both are Fox News contributors. And Patrick Murphy, former Pennsylvania Democratic congressman and former Undersecretary of the Army. Thank you all for coming on.Leo Terrell, to you first, you're the closest to me, even though you're a couple miles away, but the protests are now in the backyard, right, Leo? We talked about Columbia and NYU, and now all of a sudden it's University of Texas. And now the University of Southern California, you have hundreds of students gathering there. What are your thoughts on what's happening across the country, Leo?LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Horrible, ridiculous, anti-Semitic. And it makes me sick to hear the press secretary talk about we want peace. They have the force of Title VI, where's the Department of Justice, Trace? Where's the enforcement? These universities, private and public, receives public funds. You had 200 people arrested and they were released with no criminal charges.In Democrat cities, states, they're not doing anything, you know why? Because that's the Michigan strategy, those are voters. In Los Angeles, where you and I live, Karen Bass is the mayor. Expect nothing, follow the Texas approach. This is really sickening because I think it's insulting for the Department of Justice to sit on his hands and do nothing to protect Jewish students.GALLAGHER: Yes, Leo makes a good point. And to that point, I want to put up a couple of polls here. This is called for number four, whom did you vote for president in 2020? These are Harvard polls, 18 to 29 year olds. Joe Biden gets 61% of the vote there. Donald Trump gets 28%. And then you dash forward to if the election were held today, who would you vote for? Joe Biden 28%, Donald Trump 25%.That is a big time drop, Patrick Murphy. And you can see where there is this at least appeal to trying to get some of these voters back in the tent.PATRICK MURPHY (D), FORMER PENNSYLVANIA CONGRESSMAN: Yes. Trace, at the end of the day, you know, in America, we believe in the US Constitution. In fact, as an army soldier, as a member of Congress, I took an oath to support and defend the Constitution, and that means the freedom to assemble.I might not agree with them, I don't. We're in the middle of Passover. The whole theory behind Passover was the Israelis fled because they were persecuted by Egypt, the Egyptians. And what did they do? They put the mark of -- lamb's blood over the doors to show the angel of death that they were Israeli, and that they were trying to be safe.What we're seeing here is not helpful. What we're seeing here is division.What we're seeing, unfortunately, though, is you have the governor of New York went to Columbia privately without the press to try and get a handle on the situation. What you see now is the speaker go there with the press to try to, unfortunately, I think, divide our country even more when we need more unification and not division.GALLAGHER: I would disagree, Tomi Lahren, to this point. I mean, listen, nobody is saying they don't have the right to protest, but the students who go to Columbia University also have the right to go to school. And the University of Columbia -- Columbia University, those Jewish students have the right to be safe. And now we have given these protesters the right to protest and we have taken away the rights of these Jewish students, because they've got to go home and they can no longer go to class and finish out. Some of them, their senior year on campus like they want to, Tomi Lahren.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. You give these mobs an inch and they will take a mile. And they've been proven successful. I mean, they have in some ways shaped Biden's foreign policy, or at least the way he speaks about foreign policy, because Joe Biden and his team looked at Michigan and looked at the primary, they looked at the number of uncommitted. And they decided they needed to get these people.Why they would want people that openly admit they support terrorism and Hamas is beyond me. I don't think the Republican Party wants those individuals. But I will say, this problem on college campuses and this Democrat talking point of we support free speech, since when? Because this mob rule on college campuses has been going on for quite a long time.If there was a pro-Israel speaker, they would be shut down. If there was a conservative speaker on campus, they would be shut down. I know, because it's happened to me more than once. So now that they are trying to cloak this in some kind of a First Amendment free speech thing is laughable. You don't get to pick and choose free speech. This is beyond free speech. This is abhorrent.GALLAGHER: Yes. You look at the right hand side of your screen, that is the University of Southern California. The protests are clearly growing there. You get LAPD officers that have surrounded the campus. They are not yet on the campus. And you have campus police who are on the campus. They don't want any camping. And yet, Leo, there are tents and there are sleeping bags, and there are, you know, things these students are bringing on.I asked earlier in the show, we were talking to the Deputy Commissioner of the NYPD Kaz Daughtry, and I said, what do you -- would you worry that this might become the autonomous zone of 2024 like we saw in Seattle in the George Floyd riots, where they just take over parts of areas and fail to relinquish them, Leo. Here's what he said.TERRELL: I saw that interview.GALLAGHER: Sorry. I'm sorry, Leo. Let's listen to what he said, yes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAZ DAUGHTRY, NYPD DEPUTY COMMISSIONER: These are students. These are kids. And this is what we saw with George Floyd, was totally different than what we see now. And we don't want it to get like how it is with George Floyd. That's why we are, you know, handling them with kid gloves, as you would say. But like Chief Chell says, if they try this -- if they try to pull this rhetoric on the street, we're setting up encampments. That is not going to happen, not as long as we are in the leadership position here in this city.GALLAGHER: Yes. Maybe not in that city, Leo, but in a lot of other cities, they might be able to hold on to some territory for a while.TERRELL: Well, I'll take a bet on with that officer, because I'll tell you right now, the law enforcement in Democrat cities have been neutered. I want somebody watching this program to tell me how many of these individuals who've been arrested have been charged, convicted and imprisoned. There is no punishment. There's no deterrent.And I respect my colleagues' service to this country, but there is no First Amendment issue here. This is hate. This is violence. This is intimidation. And the Jewish community has been basically locked away as a result of this pro-Hamas rally throughout this entire country. It's shameful.GALLAGHER: Yes. Although, Leo, I mean, it's a good point. So far at University of Southern California has been very peaceful. And so far at the University of Texas, it's been very peaceful. Your response on this, Patrick Murphy?MURPHY: As long as it's peaceful and they're not disrupting classes and are there peacefully, that's fine. And you can't pick and choose what part of the First Amendment you believe in. Whether you agree with it or not, you have a right to freedom of expression, freedom of speech. But if they get in the way of law enforcement, if they get away of other students, if they call for genocide, that is hate speech. That is not protected under the First Amendment.So let's be very clear. They could peace -- and let's be very clear. One, let's believe in the Constitution. Let's believe that we stand strong with Israel. And I'm glad we finally passed it after two months in the House Israel support package that was passed and signed in a law by President Biden today.But let me also say one last thing. I've been at Club University as an active duty army soldier. They protested my presence because of the former don't ask, don't tell policy that used to be in pass. And I wrote the bill that actually repealed it. But guess what? That's a great thing about college campuses. They have that freedom of expression, et cetera.But when they step over the line, like Tomi said, when they pick and choose who they're going to support, if they drowned out conservative voices, that is wrong. If they stand out and call for violence, that is wrong. And that is not protected speech. And that's why what you're seeing at USC is OK, what you're seeing at Columbia, not OK.GALLAGHER: I think it's a fair point that Leo brings up, Tomi Lahren, here too, because the whole concept is different states will handle this differently. We saw yesterday in Washington State that there was a walkout among high school students. High school students walked out and they were holding these anti-Israel protests. And you think I'm not sure that would happen. We had the Oklahoma superintendent who said it would not happen in my state. I can tell you that.LAHREN: Yes. Red states are handing this completely different. You're also not seeing this in places like Florida where you have strong leadership. But Leo is exactly right, we have a consequence list society. We have a lawless society. This is not just on the college campuses, what they're doing. This is at every level.People are able to get away with whatever they want goes back to 2020 and the rioting, and the looting. A precedent has been set and a precedent is going to be followed. And I hope that these remain peaceful in certain places but I have a feeling it's going to escalate. Because what these people want is they want attention and they want spotlight. So simply being there I don't think is going to be enough for them, they're going to have to continually up the ante.And they're not worried about doing that because they know that are going to be no consequences. They might get arrested, they'll be released quicker than they can be put in the back of a cop car.GALLAGHER: Yes. We're kind of doing some juggling here. We've got University of Southern California on the right hand side of the screen. You can see down below, we're also looking at the podium at Columbia University where the Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, is supposed to come out and address Jewish students there.And we're looking at the clock that was supposed to happen at 45 minutes past the hour. It's now 52 minutes past the hour.But I want to bring this up to you, Leo Terrell, because I was talking about the Harvard poll a short time ago. This question is, do you approve or disapprove of Biden's handling of the Israel-Hamas war? Again, 18 to 29 year olds, the approve is 18%. Well, there you have it. That's the most is that issue that concerns you the most? 2% say that's the issue, Israel- Palestine.Now, if we can move forward, the answer was, do you approve of the handling? 18% approve, 76% disapprove of his handling of this, Leo Terrell. And we should note that this poll was taken before all of these protests really broke out big time. Those numbers are clearly changing now, Leo.TERRELL: They're changing. And I'll tell you right now, that's why Biden -- if you believe he's running the country, which I don't, his handlers are basically having him try to play it both sides. He's not pro-Israel, he's pro-Hamas, he's pro-Gaza, he's pro-Palestine, and he has thrown Israel under the bus, the only Democratic country that supports us in the Middle East. He has basically turned his back on Israel.And the billions of dollars he's just given, that's meaningless compared to what he's doing to the Jewish community in this country and what he's doing to the prime minister in Israel.GALLAGHER: Yes. Leo, Tomi, Patrick -- go ahead, Patrick.MURPHY: I mean, Trace, come on. Leo, I love you but to say that he's. That is crazy. He has been the commander. Let me speak. Let me very clear. I let you speak, now let me speak. Because he's been very clear. He has stayed toe toe with, shoulder to shoulder with Israel. He has a carrier group in that region. He is defended when Iran attacked. He was there making sure that our troops are there to defend them.(CROSSTALK)MURPHY: Please don't interrupt me, OK? Because I can speak loud too. Let me be very clear, we need to make sure --GALLAGHER: Yes. Stand by, if you will, panel. We're going to get -- we are told that Speaker Johnson is a few minutes away. We're going to sneak in a quick break. We're going to come back live with the breaking news.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Nearing the top of the hour, still waiting for House Speaker Mike Johnson to address the students at Columbia University. Let's bring back the panel very quickly. We've got Leo Terrell, Tomi Lahren and Patrick Murphy. We owe Tomi Lahren a final thought on this. Tomi?LAHREN: I'll tell you, guys, this. I think part of this, and the discussion needs to be had here, is what these protesters are actually protesting for. Do they really know what they're protesting for? Could they really find Gaza or Israel on a map? A lot of them, not so much.This just goes to show that our education system is in peril and the left has taken such a root in this education system. And a lot of these educators or so called educators are getting their talking points and their indoctrinate straight from groups like Hamas. And that's what's really terrifying here, is they're spreading this far and wide.So our education system, part of the bigger conversation to be had.GALLAGHER: Yes. The Fox News and I, common sense department had a great take on that last night. Go online, check it out. Leo, Patrick, Tomi, thank you all.Meantime, we are looking live again. Columbia University is still waiting for the speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, to come out and address the students. And the other side of the story -- and the other side of the country, University of Southern California is now have protests building up there. The University of Texas, protest building up there. A police presence at both. How serious will they crack down on this, that becomes a big issue.That is THE STORY of Wednesday, April 24, 2024. As always, THE STORY goes on. I'll see you back here 8:00 PM on the West, 11:00 in the East for "Fox News @ Night." "Your World" with Neil Cavuto starts right now.