MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, thank you very much, ladies. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum. Really, a lot going on today for the story of more anti-Israel protests here in New York City at Columbia after this stunning scene at a demonstration near Columbia University. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're Hamas? Wow. That's a good one. You're what? You're Hamas?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we're all Hamas, pig!(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Horrible. Yelling, we are Hamas, adding pig to that in response. More of this video, a look at the full scope of what's going on up at Columbia University and outside of it and a very strong panel today to talk about this situation, what it means for the country, what it means for the election. First, we begin with correspondent C.B. Cotton who has been live on the scene there throughout the afternoon. Hi C.B.C.B. COTTON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha, good afternoon. Well, we know Columbia University's President Minouche Shafik authorized the NYPD to come in earlier this afternoon and sweep that encampment, but commotion remains this afternoon on campus. Take a look behind me. This is where the Gaza Solidarity Encampment had been located on the south lawn at the university.We know from videos shared with our newsroom, officers went in and detained and arrested several students. The student paper reports at least a hundred people were arrested on campus. But as you can see through this iron gate, there is still a large crowd out here, what appears to be more pro- Palestinian protesters, and it looks like there may be a counter-protest forming with some pro-Israel voices.We know the commotion on campus this afternoon comes after several months of heightened tension here at Columbia University. The president said in her message today to the student body, these students have been warned not once, not twice, but three times. And that is when she made the executive decision to authorize the NYPD to come in and make these arrests.We know these students have been calling on the university to divest from companies with ties to Israel and they had also taken to social media to call on community members to come out here and support them to keep the momentum going. And according to some of the organizers, they were planning to stay out here for an additional 24 hours.Obviously, the university had different plans, but we're still watching a very active scene unfold out here on campus, and we're waiting to see what happens with those students who were taken from here, likely to a police precinct, possibly to face charges. Back to you, Martha.MACCALLUM: OK, C.B. We will come back to you throughout the hour for more of this breaking news. Also breaking right now, there are now fewer jurors for former President Trump's hush money trial than when the day began. That's part of the process. But two, who were already sitting in chairs on the jury, are now pulled off.So, you sort of put a few numbers together, then they lose a couple. And you can see how this process is going to likely be very drawn out. Correspondent Nate Foy live at the courthouse with the very latest on the attempts and efforts to seat a jury in this Trump trial. Hi Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha, yes, we're going the wrong way after a productive Tuesday. Today has been the opposite of productive. We started the day with seven seated jurors now down to five. You mentioned two have been dropped. For one of them, the D.A.'s office brought forward an article showing a man with the same name had been arrested back in the 1990s for tearing down conservative political signs.That man was eventually let go. Another juror, a woman, came forward saying that she was worried that she would be identified, that friends and family had asked her if she was a juror, so she was let go for that reason. So, jury selection continues right now behind me. The former president, take a look at this video, appeared to want to speak to the media he hasn't done so, so far today, but he stopped himself he did say that he would speak with reporters later.Right now, 38 of 96 perspective jurors are still being questioned, many of them admitted, Martha, that they could not serve fairly. One excuse juror explained what her experience was like take a listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAT, DISMISSED JUROR FROM TRUMP CASE: I became a U.S. citizen in August. So that was my first time calling me for a jury hearing, and it was a Trump case. So, it was everything, you know, was shocking. So, yes, I believe -- yes, it's a very important case, of course. And I can feel, you know, you know, weight of a chosen being. So, that's why, you know, I had to say, of course, that I can't be partial for personal reasons.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Also today, Martha, Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg's office accuses Trump of violating the court's gag order seven additional times. They listed several examples, including Trump sharing an article about his former lawyer, Michael Cohen. There will be a hearing next Tuesday determining any possible punishment for Trump.Right now, both Trump's legal team and the D.A.'s office. They each have four strikes remaining to prevent any prospective jurors from serving. They used some of their strikes. Each side is given 10 for the 12 jurors that will be seated.They've each used several of those strikes to prevent some prospective jurors from serving for a variety of reasons. But long story short, Martha, right now, we're going the wrong direction. The judge had previously said that they were hoping to have opening statements on Monday. That timeline very much now in question as jury selection has become more complicated. So, back to you.MACCALLUM: No doubt. I mean, this is a very interesting -- you can see how some of these jurors don't know what they're walking into, get seated on the jury, and then they go home, think it over, as was the case with one of those women that we just heard from, and then decide that they don't feel they can be impartial. So, quite a process. Nate, thank you very much. Nate Foy reporting from New York.FOY: You got it.MACCALLUM: On both of these stories, let's bring in Lee Zeldin, former New York Republican Congressman and Candidate for Governor, also an Attorney. Governor Lee Zeldin, ran for governor. Good to have you with us, sir. Thank you very much.LEE ZELDIN, FORMER NEW YORK REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN: Great to be with you.MACCALLUM: I'm so shocked by some of the video that we are hearing and listening to and I keep hearing people and watching them sort of nod their heads as they look at all this and they're wondering how this happened. How did we get here in this country where we're seeing this kind of in many cases, anti-Semitic protest. Here's another example of it from Wednesday night. Watch.Oh, OK. So, let's pull up and one of the answers to that question might be in this, which is the Columbia professors and their anti-Israel remarks. So let's take a look at some of what these Columbia professors have had to say about this. Things like, stunning victory of the Palestinian resistance is on the list. And so, you know, it's pretty shocking when you see some of what we're seeing here.ZELDIN: October 7th was a rallying cry for many of these protesters across the country. Iran's attack on Israel this past weekend was a rallying cry, a motivator for many of these protesters. In response, the next day you see people bringing Hezbollah flags onto the streets of New York City, closing down the Brooklyn Bridge from coast to coast.These protests pop up across the country today, as you just pointed out at the top of the show, where protesters are identifying with Hamas. Are they calling on Hamas to stop using human shields, innocent civilians as human shields? No. Are they calling on Hamas to release hostages? They aren't. Are they calling for a peaceful two-state solution where the Jewish State of Israel is able to continue to exist?No, their rhetoric is "From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free." I believe that their endgame is not to get some attention for a day, to speak a voice for this moment. I think that statement of from the river to the sea, Palestine will be free, that is an endgame.MACCALLUM: Yes, you know what, we're going to dig into this a little bit more as we move through the show, but I think you raise really the most important question about this story and what is the goal? And we hear this and we're going to look at it in a moment, as I said, being taught on campus at Columbia from some of their professors as well.So, it's not all that surprising that these students are pushing really to eradicate Israel from the river to the sea. I want to put up a quote with regard to the Trump trial that's also happening in New York and get your thoughts on this. This is from Miranda Devine's piece today and the title is deranged get Trump Democrats only boost ex-president with their constant attacks and insults and, and I want to take a look at what attorney Bragg had to say about this case.Here's what he's saying: "The case, the core of it, is not money for sex. It's about conspiring to corrupt a presidential election and then lying in New York business records to cover it up. He says, he cannot and will not normalize serious criminal conduct." So, that's how A.G. Bragg sees the case. How do you see it?ZELDIN: The average American has viewed this as a political prosecution from the start. When the indictment first came out a year ago, that was the view not just in New York but across the country. There has been a legitimacy, a credibility problem that Bragg is not just going to have to confront now, but forever.He's trying to make President Trump spend several days a week locked inside of a courtroom for the next several weeks. President Trump was right to get out, go to that bodega where Jose Alba was attacked. Hopefully, whether it's every day or every other day, he can continue to do that as well. As far as the charges itself, the Department of Justice declined to prosecute. That Alvin Bryant's predecessor declined to prosecute. He's trying to elevate misdemeanors to bring down Trump.And it's and this is election interference. And you don't have to talk to a supporter of President Trump to get that opinion. You can talk to plenty of people who have been critics of President Trump. Trump and when they put on just that hat of being an independent minded person their unbiased judgment is that this is clearly a political prosecution.MACCALLUM: Yes, you know as a New Yorker I want to get your take on this. This is call for number five. This is President Trump, former President Trump in Harlem and then the other day in court and there is a great juxtaposition about how he views New York City and the potential for him politically, but also the difficulties. Watch these back-to-back.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This is an assault on America. Nothing like this has ever happened before. It's never been anything like it. Every legal scholar says this case is nonsense.Running for president, we're putting a big hit on New York. We think we can win New York.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, you know, can't get a fair trial here, but also on the other hand, thinks that there's support here and that maybe he could win New York. What's your take on that, Lee?ZELDIN: So, when I ran in 2022, what I was saying was if I get less than 30 percent in New York City, I can't win. If I get more than 35 percent in New York City, it becomes difficult to lose. President Trump can get inside of all these different communities over the course of the next several weeks and get his support up.The Asian community, the Hispanic community, the black community and others are only moving towards him and he can get out in the communities over the course of the next few weeks. One additional point to add is that RFK Jr. is on the ballot. When I ran in 22, it was a head-to-head battle with Kathy Hochul.In 2024, with a Kennedy on the ballot as well, President Trump doesn't even have to even get to 30 percent in order to put the New York State in play.MACCALLUM: Fascinating. Lee Zeldin, former Gubernatorial Candidate and Congressman, always good to see you, sir. Thank you very much for being here.ZELDIN: Great to see you. Thank you.MACCALLUM: So, protests at Columbia continuing for a second day as the vitriol against Israel hits a fever pitch here at home. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No!(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: A powerful conversation live from New York after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Members of the Kennedy family endorsing President Biden today in Philadelphia, including some brothers and sisters of RFK Jr., who is also running for president. He is running as an independent that has left some members of his family not happy, and they made that pretty clear today. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KERRY KENNEDY, SISTER OF RFK JR. AND ENDORSING BIDEN: We want to make crystal clear are feeling that the best way forward for America is to reelect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris to four more years.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, her brother, RFK, Jr. responded this way, "We are divided in our opinions, but united in our love for each other. I hold this as a possibility for America too. Can we disagree without hating our opponents?"So, with that, that is the Democrat and independent side of the equation, we bring in Republican National Committee chairman, Michael Whatley.Chairman Whatley, good to have you with us today. Thank you very much for joining us.MICHAEL WHATLEY, CHAIRMAN, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: Good to be on with you, Martha.MACCALLUM: So, what do you think the impact is of this -- of this big endorsement by the, you know, one of the most famous Democrat family in the country of Joe Biden, while RFK Jr. is running as an independent? What's the impact?WHATLEY: Look, the fact that the Democrats right now are trying to shore up the Democratic base for Joe Biden shows you that he is playing defense. He is playing defense all across the country.President Trump is playing offence. And so, you know, we feel like we're in a really good shape. We've got a far stronger base within the Republican Party right now, much more unity than the Democrats have, because the Republicans remember for years under Donald Trump, while the Democrats are having to live these four years under Joe Biden, and dealing with immigration, dealing with inflation, and dealing with a place in the world that's not nearly as safe as it was under President Trump.MACCALLUM: You know, you take a look at Pennsylvania, though, obviously, a really important state. Let's put up on the screen. How close the race has been in Pennsylvania over the past two presidential elections back in 2016, which is on the right-hand side of your screen. It was 44,000 vote differential over Hillary Clinton. And basically, you looked at Pittsburgh, Scranton, and Philadelphia, and that's where she ran up the vote, but not enough.And then, look at what Biden did in really those same areas, the big three cities of Pennsylvania, and he was able to close the gap and surpass President Trump in 2020 there.There is -- it's no mystery why they were in Philadelphia today making that announcement. So, what is the plan for the RNC there?WHATLEY: Well, the plan in Pennsylvania is pretty simple. You know, we were up there last Saturday with President Trump doing a couple of different events, including a rally in the middle part of the state.40,000 people came out on a freezing night to see the president on a -- on a Saturday.Look, the excitement for him is very, very real. Pennsylvania is an absolutely critical state for us. It's one of those, you know, top five to seven states that we're going to be around the country.You want it once, you lost it once, we're going to have to be able to win it back. And the way that we're going to win it back is by talking to the voters about the issues that they care about. And they really care about immigration, they care about inflation, they care about gasoline prices, they care about housing prices, and food prices.And the fact that that Joe Biden's economy has put a cost on every Pennsylvania family on every American family that their wages are not keeping up with, and it is harder for them to make ends meet every single month. That's going to be a critical issue as we get into this election cycle.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes. Well, I mean, obviously, President Trump is busy. President Biden has made a joke about it, you know, saying well, I guess he's a little tied up today, while President Biden is out on the campaign trail. And so, one of the things that could be very fundamental here would be a presidential debate in terms of these areas where the battle is so very close.And the Atlantic, arguing this week, "President Biden's spokesperson should answer the debate question like this: The Constitution is not debatable. The president does not participate in forums with a person who is under criminal indictment for his attempt to overthrow the Constitution."So, what do you say about the debate question?WHATLEY: Look, I think that the American voters want to see the contrast between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. The American voters, when they are informed voters are going to vote Republican. And we've got a great opportunity to put these two candidates up next to each other.Donald Trump has made it very clear, he will debate Joe Biden anywhere, anytime on any platform. And it would be an absolute shock. If Joe Biden were to say that he's not going to debate.MACCALLUM: What do you think he'll Joe? You been -- you've been around politics a long time. Do you think that President Biden will eventually get up on that stage and debate?WHATLEY: You know, I don't know how you can avoid it, frankly.MACCALLUM: Yes.WHATLEY: I think that when you go back to even the Nixon-Kennedy debate, you think about Ronald Reagan in his debate against Walter Mondale. You know, there is a long history of debates that the American people expect.And if Joe Biden is not capable of getting on stage with President Trump, and trying to defend his record, I think that sends a signal to every voter across the country.MACCALLUM: Well, there is a debate last time, and Biden won the election. So, it's hard to figure out why he would be shying away at this point. He should probably get up there and do it again. We certainly all hope he will.Michael Whatley, chairman of the RNC. Thank you. Great to see you.WHATLEY: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Thanks for coming on.So, Israel's war in Gaza fuels a far-left faction that does not like America and is increasingly talking about embracing Hamas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You are Hamas, wow.Look at you, then. You are what? You are Hamas?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we are all Hamas, pig!(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Karl Rove, Paul Mauro, and Robert Wolf, as we monitor live protests at Columbia University. You guys thought I was just going to let you hang out there and chat. We're going to bring it right over here. Coming up next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMERICAN CROWD: Intifada! Intifada! Intifada! Intifada! Intifada!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Normalize the Intifada!AMERICAN CROWD: Normalize the Intifada!(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, that's where we are now. That is uptown in New York City, Columbia University, right outside of the university. This was shot last night. And it is emerging as ground zero for anti-Israel demonstrations in the U.S.Here is another stunning scene that played out in the school. In it, you will hear a protester scream, we are Hamas. At least, for her, there is no ambiguity about whether or not she is just supporting the Palestinian people or Hamas, and another yells baby killer at a woman with an Israeli flag. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm Israel. I'm Israel. I'm Israel. I'm Israel.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Keep it moving you Zionist. Keep it moving you Zionist. Keep it moving.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You are Hamas, wow.Look at you, then. You are what? You are Hamas?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we are all Hamas, pig!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Long live, Hanas!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- our face! No!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Arrest this -- arrest this lunatic! Why aren't you arrest them? Why aren't you arrest this people?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE) You baby killer!(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. Well, let's bring in Karl Rove, former White House deputy chief of staff under President George W. Bush. Paul Mauro, former NYPD inspector. And Robert Wolf, former Obama adviser, all are Fox News contributors.You know, this is the kind of scene that I think we are used to seeing at times. These outbursts in the Middle East. But now we're seeing them here almost every day in the U.S.And I'm thinking, Karl is someone who advised a president, what role do you think President Biden should take in all of this?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, at some point, he needs to speak out with moral clarity about the statements like we are all Hamas. We are not for terrorism. We do not support the brutal killing of innocents, as we have seen starting on October 7th.And he also, want to stand up, frankly, for the leadership of the university that is now going to get rid of some of these kids -- some of these students, because they violated the speech code of Columbia University.And good for them for doing that. For expelling the students and making the consequences. People have a right to free speech. Even if you want to defend a terrorist and even if you want to -- even if you want to call for the genocide of the Jewish people, you are entitled to do that. But universities also have a right to have free speech codes that say if you want to come in and demonstrate, and disrupt campus activities, and shut down the university, that's not acceptable. And hate speech, as we're seeing played out in the streets of New York City, is not acceptable, and there will be consequences for violating that code.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, you think about the low bar we've seen for hate speech, but this is maybe just beginning to register as such, and we didn't get here overnight. Let's look at some of the comments by professors at Columbia University who are teaching some of these students, no doubt.This is Joseph Massad after October 7th, said it was a stunning victory for the Palestinian resistance. He called it awesome. He talked about the inflight of the para -- the people in the gliders coming into the Supernova Musical Concert. Just put your mind back there for a moment to the scene at that concert and the carnage that played out on the ground. He called that stunning.Hamid Dabashi, every dirty, treacherous, ugly and pernicious happening in the world, just wait a few days and the ugly name Israel will pop up. And then Mohamed Abdou, also teaches at Columbia. I'm with Hamas and Hezbollah, and Islamic Jihad.Robert, what do you think about how we got here and what these professors have been obviously teaching a lot of these students?ROBERT WOLF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, these tenured professors should be fired for cause. I'm not a lawyer but my guess is that's what these universities are looking at, because that's the only reason they're being not terminated at this point. I think to Karl's point, we've moved from free speech to hate speech, and then hate speech to violent speech, and violent speech to threatening speech. And we pass the line of what's legal. And most of these universities are private universities. They can set a lot of their own rules.Listen, I'm not a supporter of BDS, but when they had boycott, divest and sanctioned Israel on kind of being an apartheid state by some people's views, that's fine. It's free speech. That's moved past that after October 7th. And we know right from wrong and we're seeing it live with you and that's wrong.MACCALLUM: Well, there's a lot of questions about what students are taught, how much they actually know before they go out and start saying these things and its interesting to look back to Dwight Eisenhower, who was also the president at Columbia University in between World War II and when he became president. And one of the things that he talked about, you know, he wanted to make sure that people remembered what had happened there. And he invited the media to come document the scene when he -- just when he was shown the concentration camps in Europe.And he compelled Germans who were living in the surrounding towns, and any soldier who was not fighting at the front to witness the atrocities for themselves because he wanted to make sure -- this is the Holocaust Museum noting this, in a piece by Kerry Byrne in today's New York -- in today's Fox News. Eisenhower foresaw a day when the horrors of the Holocaust might be denied. That day is here right now, Kerry Byrne writes, on the campus of Columbia University.And there is Eisenhower and the others walking by burned bodies at the concentration camp in Ohrdruf. Paul, your thoughts on that?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Somewhat reminiscent of some of the footage and details that the Israeli government released recently invited journalists to come see, right? Just let people see what this stuff looks like up close. What's going on here on campuses and certainly here in New York City is that, Palestinian cause has done a little bit of deft maneuver. They've made common cause with a lot of the progressive groups that are very active here in New York City. And they have married their struggle to the struggle of, let's say, some of the more marginalized groups here in the city or those who see themselves as marginalized. It actually goes back to the 1960s, even the Black Panther movement. They became a common sort of entity.And so, what that does is that invokes all of the groups. There are over a thousand "civil rights groups" that are active in New York City. You get all of that when you start protests like this. They all want to be on camera. They all want to go on social media. This is their social life. And so, you're going to continue to see this.The NYPD is very adept at it. They have a very good intelligence bureau. They get out ahead of it. I'm sure we're aware of this that's why it was significantly not more riotous, let's say. But it's going to continue. And as we get into the protest season, kids are coming out of school, it's going to be summer, it's going to be hot. We have the DNC coming up in Chicago. This is going to be a theme for the year. Expect to continue to see this kind of thing.The universities, I see a little push to back this, trying to finally sort of get their own around it.MACCALLUM: Yes, it's interesting because you got Google firing 28 people who protested inside their office building, saying that they were preventing them from going to work and doing their job. But, Karl, you know, and the irony of the banding with civil rights groups and Hamas is rich. Let's listen a little bit of what's going on here live for a second.(BEGIN LIVE COVERAGE)(CHANTING)(END LIVE COVERAGE)MACCALLUM: Paul, your reaction as you watch these law enforcement officers being called NYPD KKK.MAURO: Yes, I've had that thrown at me. So, you know, look, this is the way they see it. It's all some struggle against the oppressor. And as I said, they've managed to put forth that narrative. And as a result, they're getting a lot of people coming to them.What I think some of them don't realize is that under American law, Hamas is a designated terrorist entity, all right, both by Treasury and the State. Legally, that's the equivalent of saying we are supporters of al- Qaeda or ISIS. It's one of the things --MACCALLUM: Well, we saw some of that online this year, didn't we? There's a letter by bin Laden, and I think it was a good. I mean -- and I just think it goes back, Karl, to the issue of education and understanding what's going on here. And I also wonder how -- as I asked you before, how President Biden deals with this situation, because it could have an impact on his vote in places like Michigan.ROVE: Can you imagine what the Democratic National Convention in Chicago is going to look like? In 1968, 10,000 demonstrators were in Grant Park protesting the war. Are we going to see 10,000 people from Minneapolis and Dearborn showing up to protest the Middle East? I bet you we will.MACCALLUM: Yes.ROVE: And look, let's step back for just a second. This is not new. We had the radicals of the '60s and they infiltrated the academia, became university professors and so forth. And now their sons and daughters are teaching at these universities. And we're seeing people like the three that you put up there who are expressing hatred towards the Jewish people and the state of Israel, and complete antipathy to what it is to be an American.MACCALLUM: The call, you hear it.ROVE: I mean, this woman is -- it's lunacy. The woman saying the New York Police Department is the Ku Klux Klan of the south. I mean, please.MACCALLUM: One of the things that was yelled at the Jewish people -- with Jewish -- with Israel flags that went by is baby killer, and they are protesting basically Benjamin Netanyahu's action in Gaza, and they see that as the long arm of America.ROVE: Look, Israel has a right to self defense. Israel has a right to exist. Israel has a right to protect itself. And if Hamas puts itself in the middle of civilian populations in Gaza in order to use them as human shields, the person acting corruptly is Hamas. And they did this deliberately. And the fact that these people are out there blaming Israel for what Hamas did is just a sign of the lunacy that has taken over the left in America.MACCALLUM: I mean, we have CB now? CB Cotton has a student with her up at Columbia. CB?CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Thank you. So I'm standing here right now with Katie. She is a senior here at Columbia University. She's also proudly Jewish. We have been chatting, staying in touch. Katie, I want to ask you, what have the past 24 hours been like for you and some of your peers?KATIE, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY STUDENT: They've been absolutely crazy, for starters, but just honestly disturbing and disgusting. The fact that not only we go to school with people who are so ignorant and uneducated, but on top of that, the administration really has sanctioned this. They've allowed this to go on. This has been an issue for months. It should have been stopped on October 8th. And the fact that it's still going on is just deplorable.COTTON: You saw that the encampment on campus yesterday finally shut down today. What was that like for you walking past that every day?KATIE: It was -- it just makes Jewish students feel hated and disgusted. You're walking by your fellow students. All of us recognize people who we go to class with every day who are calling for our genocide. They're all calling for us and our family members to be murdered, and raped, and beheaded, and butchered. I mean, it's an indescribable feeling.And the fact that we allowed this to go on in the middle of the night while my friends and I are trying to study in libraries and go to sleep, when we have tests the next day, and it's allowed to happen in the United States of America. It's absurd.COTTON: What are your thoughts on the university's handling of the situation?KATIE: Thus far, until today, it's been absolutely inexcusable. There has been very, very limited sanctions on students and there has been almost nothing done, clearly, because students obviously do not care. What's been done has shown that they are not willing to give serious consequences, and this is the consequence of that.Today, I'm very thankful that President Shafik let the NYPD come on campus and do what the NYPD does best. And I'm very grateful that they came here to protect us. And, you know, grateful to all of our officers who fight and deal with this absurdness every day to keep us, Jewish students, and honestly, just all students safe.COTTON: I know you're a senior but if the cards were different for you, if you were a junior, a sophomore, would you stay here?KATIE: Absolutely not. I would transfer because I couldn't handle this. The thought of being here for another month is already sickening enough. I don't even want to go to my own graduation anymore, to be honest with you, because this is going to happen.COTTON: And before we go, Katie, the last question I want to ask you, just overall, describe for me how the Columbia's Jewish community is feeling right now. I know that you mentioned yesterday when you spoke that a large percentage of the population and the student population here is Jewish. Describe the sentiment.KATIE: We're, overall, we're scared, you know? We're very upset that this has been allowed to happen and we're terrified. These people have shown a complete disregard for rules. They've shown a complete disregard for authority. And people like that who have nothing to lose and don't care about what's right and what's wrong are dangerous. And they need to be handled.And I'm very grateful today that at least that handling has started. And I hope that President Shafik and the president of Barnard, President Rosenberry, continue with this level of action. And so, there are actually real life consequences for these people so Jewish students can feel safe where they deserve to feel safe at school.COTTON: So it sounds like you're not confident that this won't continue even though some of the protesters have been removed.KATIE: Absolutely not. The people who have been removed today have been doing this for months. They don't care what the administration says, and they've made that clear. The administration sends an email and says, don't say things like globalize the intifada, don't say things like from the river to the sea, and the next day they're saying those things on a megaphone.There's just a complete lack of regard for rules. And frankly, morality is what it comes down to.COTTON: Well, Katie, thank you so much for sharing your lived experience. I really appreciate it.Martha, as you just heard right there, a Jewish student here at Columbia University saying she's scared and she feels like the university leadership has failed to take action. All the while, even though some of these student protesters have been removed, you can hear behind me chants continue, chants to globalize intifada. Back to you.MACCALLUM: Yes. Thank you so much. And thank you to the student that you just spoke to. And we congratulate her on her upcoming graduation. And it breaks my heart to hear her say that it, you know, is going to be a torturous last month of college, a time that should be full of anticipation and celebration. And I think that's really sad. And so, please tell her that we congratulate her on her great achievement, of getting into Columbia and graduating from Columbia as well.Robert, what goes through your mind as you listen to that student?WOLF: I'm sad. I'm sad as a parent. I'm sad as a former Ivy League student what's going on at Penn, Harvard and now Columbia. I think about, we have to get back to parenting. You know, my mother taught me about the Holocaust because of what happened to her family in Poland and Russia. I have to do a better job explaining that to my kids. They need to do a better job explaining it to their friends.You know, to Fox, I'm going to say very clearly, when your commentator the other day called out Rashida Tlaib for not stepping in and saying anything about death to America, I completely think it was unbelievable that Rashida Tlaib, a congresswoman, allowed that to happen. Our thought leaders in this country, it's time to step up. There should be a hard line in the sand. We know right from wrong.The idea that we are letting these lines blur, to Karl's point and Paul's point earlier, is insane. And look what's happening. These campuses are like tinderboxes.MACCALLUM: Well, you know, I mean, you think about kids across America, like yourself and this young woman who grow up with the dream of attending an Ivy League university. We've seen what happened at Harvard. They were at the bottom of the list when it came to freedom of speech analysis, and their applications dropped, I think, 5%. I think you're -- and I really just listening to this young woman say that she cannot wait to get off campus because she's afraid.Paul, you know, they did come around and allow the NYPD in, and this young woman was very thankful for that. But how did this go on for so long? I'm thinking back to like a year ago when we talked about safe spaces for pretty much every imaginable group.MAURO: Yes.MACCALLUM: And the slightest thing was considered a trigger. These kids are more than triggered. These kids are being attacked and shouted in their faces. This is not a soft safe space issue.MAURO: The problem is that this attitude and what they're chanting comports with the position of a lot of the administrators and professors in these schools. That's just a fact. And it's one of the reasons why we had so much trouble up at Harvard. I think you're finally starting to see the pushback, but it just does show how ignorant the students are, as Katie said.NYPD KKK, the NYPD is majority minority. The police commission is an Hispanic guy. The chief of department is a black male. So they have no idea what they're talking about. They're ignorant of history. Our schools are failing them, as are the parents as well. And I think it is going to continue to go on because they're just completely uneducated.And it's a very tough spot for the current administration because this is a portion these days, let's just call it what it is these days. This is a portion of the base, and it's a very active and loud portion of the base.MACCALLUM: You know, I wonder how much longer President Biden, Karl, can sort of stay out of the fray on this issue. And, you know, there are concerns that Christopher Wray has about Passover coming up. Let's play this quick sound bite from the FBI director.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: We at the bureau remain particularly concerned that lone actors could target large gatherings, high profile events, or symbolic or religious locations for violence, particularly a concern, of course, as we look to the start of Passover on Monday evening.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: National security concerns, Karl?ROVE: Well, the President, I think, is taking this worried too much about the politics of it. There is a significant sentiment among young Democrat voters on the left against Israel and for the Palestinians, and I think he's worried about that in key battleground states like Michigan. And he should not. He should start thinking about his role as the president of the United States to set a tone, to draw clear lines, to make a moral case as to why it is in our interest to support Israel and why these kind of sentiments that we're seeing played out on our college campuses are unworthy of our great country and must be stopped.Who says a congressional hearing doesn't have impact? Yesterday, the House had a committee hearing and interviewed the president of Columbia and she got a spine. And maybe we need more attention to it and more applause for university presidents who demonstrate a spine and criticism of those who don't.MACCALLUM: You know, underlying or overlying all this is the global picture of alliances. And there is an effort underway at the White House. It really began during the Trump administration, the Abraham Accords, to find a connection between Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States and Israel, and to isolate Iran. But Iran, of course, is increasingly close to China and Russia. So that's one of the big issues here. How do you see all of that? What direction do you see that going in, Richard?WOLF: Well, you gave me a softball because in Washington they call it CRINKET, China, Russia, Iran, North Korea and extreme terrorism. And I think they're most concerned about extreme terrorism because Iran plays into Hezbollah, and plays into Hamas, and plays into the Houthis, and plays into, you know, into Lebanon. And so, we're in a situation where they're all enemies and we have to figure out who our friends are.And I think the Abraham Accords helped that, but it also led to Iran not wanting Saudi and Israel to have peace together. So you can some way say that was the leading to October 7th.MACCALLUM: That may be a layup question for you, but the answer to it is not. It is not. And the next president, whoever he may be, is going to have a tremendous amount on his plate when it comes -- to where our country is for the future, and who our alliances are and who were up against.Gentlemen, thank you very much. Good to have all of you with us. Robert and Paul, and Karl, thank you.So MSNBC's Joe Scarborough railing against our coverage of the border and saying that the southern border crisis is not a big deal.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: There were like four migrants and a hound dog on top of a hill in New Mexico. They are obsessed with on trashing America.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Deadly consequences of the migrant crisis reaching towns far from the border. In Nevada, an 18-year-old Honduran man has been charged in a hit and run accident that killed a senior advisor to Nevada Senator Catherine Cortez Masto. Here in New York, a Haitian migrant is accused of murdering his two roommates in a town 90 miles north -- 90 minutes, I should say, north of New York City. Both suspects are here illegally.In a moment, Democrat Congressman Henry Cuellar of Texas, who has been calling for action on both sides of the aisle. He joins me in a moment, but first to Danamarie McNicholl in El Paso, Texas. Hi, Danamarie.DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Hi. Good afternoon, Martha. Well, according to ICE, the Haitian migrant you just mentioned turned himself in seeking asylum here in El Paso last year. He was then allowed to live in the United States. He now sits in jail accused of murder.We do have his mugshot. Take a look. Kenol Baptiste is a Haitian national who is living in Middletown, New York when he was arrested for second degree murder, among other charges, after killing his two roommates earlier this month. ICE says Baptiste arrived in El Paso July of 2023 after booking an appointment on the CBP One app. He was processed, granted access into the United States and was waiting on asylum hearing by a federal judge when the murders happened.Now, the app is all part of Biden's administration's effort to expand lawful pathways for migration. CBP one allows up to 1,400 migrants a day to make an appointment and then be processed. Authorities have said those migrants are vetted before being allowed into the US.Now, not everyone uses that app to seek asylum. Our Fox drone team did capture a video this morning of over a hundred migrants in a group who crossed over. Now, according to ICE, that Haitian migrant will be transported into their custody once he eventually gets out of jail, Martha.MACCALLUM: OK. Thank you very much, Danamarie McNicholl. Now joining me, Texas Democratic Congressman Henry Cuellar. His district covers nearly 200 miles of the southern border, including the district of one of these cases that we just talked about. Congressman Cuellar, thank you very much. It's good to have you with us.REP. HENRY CUELLAR (D-TX): You know, it's interesting, this case of the senator and her advisor, she had just been claiming, here's a soundbite from her two days before this terrible tragedy happened. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CATHERINE CORTEZ MASTO (D-NV): There's no open borders again, you know, somebody was attorney general for eight years in my state, working very closely on the border with Mexico. There are no open borders.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: What do you think she means there? And what would you say to her about what you see on the border and the tragedy that happened to one of her senior advisors?CUELLAR: Well, look, I just want to talk generally, that's not up to the senator. But I'd say this, we cannot have catch and release. We cannot allow people to come in and wait four, five, six years for an asylum case in front of an immigration judge where we know that 87% to 90% are going to be rejected. So we need to make sure we do those asylum claims at the border and return probably 87% to 90%, and just let in 10% of those people coming in. That's how we secure the border, in my opinion.MACCALLUM: So you had put together a group of Democrats to try to address this situation at the border, and you announced that. How is that going? How many of your colleagues are on board with you?CUELLAR: You know, Alyssa, we got over 35 members that have joined the border task force, and I hope there's a lot more that's certainly supported. And I'll say this, look, it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or Republican, I can say this because I live at the border. I don't just go visit the border for a few hours. And I can tell you that my folks that live in my district, and I got about 80% Hispanics, and a lot of them are Democrats, they want to make sure that we secure the border but still be respectful immigrant rights, you know, whoever has the legal claim.But we do know that letting people in and letting them wait four, five, six years before they get an immigration judge is not the right way to do it because otherwise, so many things can happen in four, five, six years from now.MACCALLUM: This Afghan individual who -- he was enrolled in alternatives to detention program, which tracks migrants locations via ankle monitor, but then they basically lost track of him after only a couple of weeks. So what would you say to the administration, and then he committed murder. What would you say to the administration about these programs and whether or not they should ditch them?CUELLAR: Well, you know, first of all, you know, anybody that murders somebody, I don't care if they're undocumented alien, illegal alien, or they are an American citizen that kills somebody. I mean, they should face the full course of the law if they murder somebody.But let me just say this, you know, right now there is a law called Title VIII Expedited Removal. They're only applying that for people that are in detention, in detention. And what I've suggested to the secretary is that they all look at somebody that's under the alternative detention, which is what you mentioned, and use Title VIII Expedited Removal to probably remove those people a lot quicker because they won't qualify, or should I say most of them will not qualify for asylum.MACCALLUM: Yes. I just have a few seconds, but I want to play quickly this Joe Scarborough sound bite. He thinks that -- that there's too much attention being paid to the border. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCARBOROUGH: There were like four migrants and a hound dog on top of a hill in New Mexico, and they had their four migrants and a hound dog cam on for hours.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Is that how you would assess what's happening at the border?CUELLAR: Well, all I can say is that right now we're seeing about an average of 3,800 people a day, lower than what we saw some months ago. But we got to make sure we apply repercussions at the border, no matter what numbers they are.MACCALLUM: Yes. Thank you very much, Congressman Cuellar. It's always good to have you with us, sir. Thank you.CUELLAR: Anytime. Take care.MACCALLUM: So that's "The Story" for this Thursday, April 18th. "The Story" goes on. We look forward to seeing you back here tomorrow. Your World starts right now. Stick around.