SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And we are nearing the end of a very busy news night on Capitol Hill. Democrats, they just gave Alejandro Mayorkas, a free pass and a little pat on the back for welcoming let's see million plus unvetted illegal immigrants into your country, now across a border that he said was secure, and a border he said was closed.Meanwhile, another Biden cabinet official was in the hot seat for violating the Stock Act but no one's ever going to be held accountable. Democrats, they always circle the wagons.Well, Republicans, they create circular firing squads. Democrats have no shame. Even Bob Menendez continues to grace the halls of the U.S. Senate. Missouri Senator Josh Hawley will be here with a lot more, including his beatdown of Jennifer Granholm.Plus, we'll introduce you to an Iranian American lawyer and activist who is speaking out against the pro-Hamas, pro-Hezbollah, pro-terrorism protesters in this country. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELICA LE BON, IRANIAN-AMERICAN LAWYER: When we were explaining that this is a terrorist occupying force, where were you? But all of a sudden, everyone's graduated from Instagram school of law to say that this is a violation of international law and Iran has the right to defend itself. First of all, you're not talking about Iran. You're talking about the Islamic Republic.What the Islamic Republic does is not a reflection of the Iranian people. We've been clear about what we want which is peace.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And as we speak, some of those far-left radicals, they are now protesting outside the gates of Columbia University in New York City. Others, they're camping out on university grounds in order to live action role play or live action role play -- I don't know what it is. As refugees -- they're pretending they're from Gaza. Others, they are protesting against Joe Biden today in Pittsburgh. We're going to have full coverage straight ahead.But, first tonight, Attorney General Merrick Garland he's continuing to defy a congressional subpoena and is refusing to turn over the audio from Biden's special counsel deposition. Garland appears willing to be held in contempt in order to shield this tape from you, from the American public.Remember, this is from Biden's interview with the special counsel Robert Hur. That's the one that caused the special counsel to describe your president as, quote, elderly, an elderly man with a poor memory whose mental state could prevent a conviction. Wow, even though he willfully held on to classified information and top secret documents.And yet again, Biden wants another, what, four years in office. Today, he was back in Pennsylvania, kind of because it's the closest battleground state to both Delaware and the White House. So it's kind of an easy trip for our weak, frail, mentally, physically frail commander-in-chief.But during a handful of lethargic campaign stops -- well, Biden's mind appeared to be elsewhere. There's something about Pennsylvania that leaves Joe yearning for the olden days. So he made the fatal mistake. He went off script and treated voters to one long rambling, bubbling, mumbling story one after another. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And I was in one of those 8-by- 10 bathrooms -- you know they have a shower, a toilet, and a sink. And I got a towel on me and shaving cream, and I hear, "Bam, bam, bam," at my door really loudly. And I wonder, "What the hell is that?"I thought it was this guy Bob Cunningham who had a radio show and a couple of other guys. So, I say, "Okay, okay, guys."And I walked to the door and opened it up and standing there was the former governor of the state of Delaware, Elbert N. Carvel, a big guy, about six- five. Talked at you like this.(END VIDEO CLI)HANNITY: Did you get all that? Because I didn't.Anyway, it didn't end there. Biden later reminisced about his old Uncle Bozy who Joe says was eaten by cannibals. Wow. Was it Hannibal Lecter? I don't know.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: And my uncle -- they called him -- Ambrose -- instead of "Brosie," they called him "Bosie." My Uncle Bosie was a hell of an athlete, they tell me, when he was a kid. And he became an Army Air Corps, before the Air Force came along. He flew those single-engine planes as reconnaissance over war zones.And he got shot down in New Guinea, and they never found the body because there used to be -- there were a lot of cannibals, for real, in that part of New Guinea.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Is there anybody in this audience, all of you watching, do you think that man is strong enough, is cognitively alert enough to be the president of this great country? Do you really believe that? And what are the accomplishments over the last four years, can you name any? I can't.Biden told the exact same story two times today and if he was able to stay awake past 9:00, not watching our show, darn it, we want everybody to watch. We'd probably hear the story for a third time.Needless to say, Joe's trip to Pennsylvania was an utter disaster. Watch more.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: You heard me say it before: Wall Street didn't build America; the middle class didn't build -- built America, and you guys built the middle class. Unions built it.My mom didn't live in Scranton since she was -- 1954, but when you'd ask Mom where is she from, she'd say, "Scranton." "Scranton."I'm Pittsburgh and -- because of -- and I really mean it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Are you inspired by your president? And while Biden is rambling on incoherently on the campaign trail, the White House is now calling for tariffs on Chinese steel and aluminum imports to be tripled. Now in 2019, that same Joe Biden actually ridiculed Donald Trump for a similar move.Quote: Trump doesn't get the basics. He thinks his tariffs are being paid by China. Any freshman econ student could tell you that the American people are paying for his tariffs, Joe's tariffs.Anyway, Joe means like all the corporate tax proposals that he laid out this week. They're going to be paid for by you, too. Corporations don't pay taxes. They pass that on to you.Now, of course, in reality, Biden doesn't even know what day of the week it is, much less the basics of international trade policy. Unless, of course, there is a 10 percent cut for the big guy, he probably understands that part. Democrats are now trying to reelect a cognitive mess with a record of failure who can barely muster the energy to campaign and is now trying to create a phony appearance of being America first, something he outright rejected four just years ago?And Trump meanwhile is gaining momentum. He's drawing big crowds. He's leading in the polls and it is no surprise that a New York judge who donated to Biden, oh, that's fair, is now keeping the Trump -- the Trump campaign and Donald Trump, the candidate, off the campaign trail, trapped in a courtroom and if Democrats had their way, he'd be in court for the next 201 days with a muzzle on the entire time like the gag order New York has imposed on Donald J. Trump.As it stands right now, Trump is mandated to appear in a Manhattan court, every single Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from now until whenever. This ludicrous trial, you know, eventually will wrap up, probably a month, maybe five, six weeks from now, nobody knows.New York state law does allow a judge to wave a defendant's, quote, mandatory attendance after a required motion if the prosecutor doesn't object.But don't expect that from the judge in this case, Juan Merchan. Now, Merchan has already threatened Trump with jail if he fails to appear and also issued that unprecedented gag order preventing Donald Trump from even defending himself in public. He's not allowed or they're going to put him in jail. What happened to freedom of speech?Meanwhile, other people that are involved in the case, they're free to speak out, anywhere, anytime about anything and they are. Again, this is a judge he donated to Joe Biden, President Trump's chief political rival, whose daughter reportedly a Democratic political operative and this so- called trial is being based on, what, an 8-year-old misdemeanor allegation well pass the statute of limitations that even the DOJ, even Alvin Bragg's predecessor all passed on, was revived by this far-left D.A. Bragg because of political pressure, marginally turning this into a felony, trying to use federal statutes to do it.Sadly, Trump will be judged by a Manhattan jury pool, 90 percent of New York City, they voted for Joe Biden and then 201 days, if Biden wins reelection, God help us because this weaponized department of justice, it will never recover, say bye-bye to the rule of law in America because it will fold like a house of cards.Anyway, we have a lot of ground to cover. Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt, the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", Tomi Lahren.Welcome both of you.Tomi, we start with you. You know, they keep asking, well, why are young people abandoning Joe Biden? I think what we played probably is not well all that relatable to young people.You happen to connect with young people. I think you would have a lot better chance of get them to listen to you than he certainly would talk talking about old Bosie, is his crazy uncle and cannibalism.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Yeah. I mean, the stories are quite interesting stories, and they would be comical if he was somewhere in a nursing home and not the president of the United States.But, you know, in terms of him trying to connect with young people, he has an army of TikTokers and a lot of so-called Gen Z influencers that are doing his bidding, and they're all operating off the same sheet of talking points. In fact, if you look at some of their tweets and social media posts, they're almost identical, quite obviously being sent out by somebody and then they just put them out when they're supposed to, to get whatever paycheck or revenue share that they're getting for these tweets.But young people are going to be leaving Joe Biden because, quite honestly, this can't go on much longer, Sean. You know that I don't believe he's going to be the nominee and I think with each passing day, it becomes more obvious the Democrats are scrambling. They can't send him out to places like Pennsylvania which is a need to win state, because he might go off script and talk about cannibals or shaving cream or anything else.So I think we're watching before our very eyes him being thrown under the bus by his own team and his own party.But as for Donald Trump, I mean, even though he's having to be stuck in a courtroom, he still makes time to go and interact with the people and he goes places even in New York City where you'd think that people would hate him. And we know that obviously, New York is far from a conservative place.But even in some of these places, he is beloved by some folks that you wouldn't expect. So I think the tide is really changing here and I think people are sick and tired of the biased media coverage. They're sick and tired of the witch hunts, and I think more than anything, they're yearning for four years ago when Donald Trump was their president and they could afford grocery shopping without having to put things back in their cart.So I think that the Democrats are in real trouble here and just simply mimicking Donald Trump's America first policies not going to cut it.HANNITY: You know, it's interesting, Tomi, you have been more than any other guest steadfast in your belief that he's not going to make it. Now I can foresee a scenario where in fact that would happen. Joe Biden's probably one major trip fall in his face away from that actually happening, but short of that or short of just a total complete cognitive meltdown, I don't think it's going to happen, but it can happen.Charlie, where are you standing?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. No, I know I think that -- without a doubt, I mean, when you see his performance today and anytime he go, he talks even on script but especially if he goes off script, you know, he is one slip away, he's one, you know, who knows what's going on in his head, at the best of times.And it's -- although I have to say, it is amusing watching him talk at a rally because all of the people holding signs behind him, they're very nervous and they're -- and even when he says something that he manages to get out that is funny, they're kind of like, they're laughing nervously because they're not really sure what in the world he's talking about and it makes no sense and they don't really think that -- and I don't think anybody -- you know, the difference between -- you know, Donald Trump says funny things sometimes, but everybody knows what he's talking about. This guy says things and nobody has any clue what he's talking about.And so, yeah, I think it's a real, it's -- it remains a very real possibility and, of course, if they were going to swap him out, they would do it at the convention. They're not going to do it before now. It would just be a lot tidier to do it then.But they got so many problems on their hands right now, Democrats do, in terms of their different factions breaking off and you have Black and Hispanic voters who are fleeing to Donald Trump now, and then you have the these wild divisions among Jewish supporters and then this bizarre pro- Hamas wing of the Democrat Party that for some reason Joe Biden is like trying to get those voters trying to get the pro-Hamas people back in line to support him, which is just the most appalling thing I've ever seen in politics.You know, he would be -- this could be his Sister Soulja moment where he goes to the Hamas wing of the Democrat Party and says, screw you, I don't want your votes. But of course, he doesn't do that because --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: He's doing just the opposite.HURT: -- principles.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: That is why he stuck a knife in Israel's back, that's why he's twisting it, that's why at the end of the day he's emboldening both Hamas and the Iranians.All right. Exit question, this trial going on in New York City. Tomi, I'll start with you. How it ends up, net plus for Donald Trump, net negative Donald Trump, neutral for Donald Trump even if it's a guilty verdict?LAHREN: Listen, I think the American people have made their mind up about Donald Trump as it comes to lawfare. So, you know, we are hoping there is some justice left but I think as long as Donald Trump shows up and he's strong and he gets out campaigning when he can and continues to utilize social media, I think he's going to be okay. He is Teflon Don, he is resilient. So, I think either way, the man is going to keep fighting and he's going to keep battling. So, I think he's going to come out of this okay either way.HANNITY: OK. Charlie, net positive, negative, neutral?HURT: I would say net positive. Positive on every count. Of course, I hope they don't find him guilty because it would be an injury to our justice system. But I think before it's all over with, if Donald Trump keeps going into the bodegas in New York City, they're going to really regret having this go on in a blue state and they're going to figure, you know, maybe we should have done this in Alabama where we were going to lose the state anyway.Donald Trump is going to win -- he's going to win New York by the time these clowns are finished with this circus they are putting him through.HANNITY: Well, we'll see in time. It's all 201 days away, guys. Thank you both.Charlie Hurt, by the way, than you. And Tomi, thank you.All right. Now to an important message about the election from our friend's Stephen A. Smith. He's learning. I'm very proud of him. He's getting better on the politics side. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHEN A. SMITH, ESPN HOST: It's much ado about nothing. To my liberal friends out there, all you're doing is showing that you are scared you can't beat him on the issues and the merits. That's why he keeps saying it's a political campaign against me, that's why he keeps saying they can't beat me at the election, and at the polls. This is the only way they can do it because tens of millions of people see to what extent the other side is willing to go for just to keep them out of office try to meet them just beat them on their own merits.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Dead on accurate.Joining us now, RNC co-chair Lara Trump is with us.Lara, you know, I guess -- I don't know what the worst part is, the idea that, you know, the judge is so conflicted. Number one, the judge donated to Biden. I would say that would be a reason -- should be a reason for recusal. Then that you have the issue of the conflict. As a matter of law, I think there should have been recusal.Then you have the issue of a gag order for your father-in-law and no gag order for anybody else. They're all over cable TV, they're all over the networks, they're quoted in newspapers. They're on social media they can say whatever the hell they want and certainly that doesn't seem fair either.Those two big issues I think Americans have a fundamental belief in fairness, they're not getting it here.LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: Yeah. Well, Sean, if you ever wondered whether or not Donald Trump could get a fair and impartial trial in New York City the egregious Letitia James AG case showed us indeed he cannot get a fair and impartial trial in New York City. We all know that.And this one in particular -- this one is so outrageous because as you mentioned earlier, Cy Vance, the previous district attorney, Alvin Bragg's predecessor, refused to prosecute this case, because it was so baseless and so meritless. Alvin Bragg himself refused to prosecute this case until when, until Donald Trump decided he was running for president.Everyone can see what this is about so there they have and are forcing Donald Trump to sit in a courtroom -- this is a former president of the United States, the current nominee for the Republican side of the aisle for president, for weeks on end, for what, Sean? They claim a bookkeeping error, really? And to recoup $130,000.It cost more than $130,000 when they shut down the FDR, the Henry Hudson parkway for 30 minutes in New York City. They lose far more than that.This is insane. We can all see exactly what this is about and what the goal of this is. Of course, it's to keep Donald Trump from the campaign trail. They want him sitting in a courtroom in New York City. They're going ahead and throwing it all out there to try and tarnish his name even further if they can with American voters and heck, if they can throw them in jail while they're at it, it's the cherry on top.The good news that we have on our side is it is not working because I'm happy to report this evening that in the three days since they've held Donald Trump in that courtroom, his campaign has raised $3 million. The average donation is $26.If anyone wants to stand with Donald Trump out there, DonaldJTrump.com, gop.com. We need to send a message, we will not stop fighting for this country. We will not stop fighting for our president.HANNITY: One of the things that we had discussed when you first got your new position at the RNC is something that I have been hammering and it -- it's not the system I want.Let me be very clear, so everybody understands I want same day voting, I want election day to be a national holiday. I want paper ballots. I want voter ID signature verification, chain of custody command -- controls. I want updated voter rolls and I want partisan observers watching the voting all day and the vote counting up close all night.Okay, not the system we have, but I think Republicans have got to overcome the reluctance, resistance they have to voting early, voting by mail and the issue of legal ballot harvesting.I asked you when you first got this job, you said it was a top priority. Have you been able to make progress? Do you have an update?L. TRUMP: We have made amazing progress. You're exactly right, Sean. We have to make it too big to rig. So no matter what they're trying to pull on the other side of the aisle, we need to have so many votes banked by election day because we know our voters will always turn out on election day, that they cannot get ballots dumped at the last minute.So we want to encourage people as you just said to early vote, to mail in vote. However you can vote and as early as you can vote, and we know people, if they could vote today for this president, Sean, would go out and vote for him. We want you to do it. We want to spend every day from then on out with you taking people up to election day to go vote.We do have starting at the RNC and the Trump campaign a huge legal ballot harvesting operation underway. You talk about watching the polls, we are training poll workers right now as we speak, protectthevote.com if you want to be part of our election integrity team. It will be the biggest in history. There will never have been anything like this. We are really proud as to what we have going on at the RNC right now.HANNITY: So, let me be clear, people want to get training and to be observing the elections, a trained observer, they can do that?L. TRUMP: They can do that now at the RNC. We are training people, protectthevote.com.HANNITY: All right.L. TRUMP: If you're are an attorney and you want to volunteer your services because we need them in every voting precinct as well, protectthevote.com. Come join us.HANNITY: Lara Trump, thank you. Great to have you.Coming up, Democrats outrageously dismissed the Mayorkas impeachment today. They gave the disgraced DHS secretary a complete free pass and Senator Josh Hawley weighs in, and his showdown with Jennifer Granholm all on tape, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And breaking tonight, before even allowing it to proceed to trial, every Senate Democrat, they voted to dismiss the impeachment of the Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, whose dereliction of duty at the border has created what is a major national security crisis that is a clear and present danger to our country.Let us be very clear. Every Senate Democrat today has aided and embedded in the law breaking at our border and all of them are guilty as Joe Biden and Mayorkas for any and all crimes, and attacks that happen to this country and people in this country as a result of their lawless policies and them facilitating it. That's why the election in 201 days is so critically important.Now, meanwhile, earlier today, amid growing concerns over their mounting safety issues, a Boeing whistleblower who works as a quality engineer for the company, testified before the Senate about safety concerns, and the threats he has received. Now during an exchange with Missouri Senator Josh Hawley -- well, take a look at what happened.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Are these planes safe?WHISTLEBLOWER: Right now, I would not -- you know, it's like earthquake. You know, if the big earthquake is coming, but when -- when that hits the building that, you know, you, let's say, if you're talking of a building, have to be prepared to accommodate that type of a let's say shakeup. You know, it has to be built properly.Right now, from what I've seen, the airplanes are not being built per spec and per requirement.HAWLEY: The company's response to you was to threaten you?WHISTLEBLOWER: Threaten you, sideline you, you know, transfer you.HAWLEY: You raised concerns about the 787, and so they transfer you -- transferred you to the 777, right?WHISTLEBLOWER: Well, in -- yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, Boeing has released a statement refuting his claims about flaws in their 787 planes. In a statement provided to our show tonight, the company said in part, they continue to prioritize safety and quality while adding that any retaliation against employees is strictly prohibited.And, meanwhile, during a Senate Energy and Natural Resources hearing, yesterday, well, Hawley and Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm had a very tense exchange. This over her past stock trades which she said she didn't do. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER GRANHOLM, ENERGY SECRETARY: They do not own stocks in areas that they have any influence over nor do I.HAWLEY: Madam Secretary, all I have to say is this record is just deplorable. It's despicable. It is outrageous that hundreds of officers in the Energy Department are trading shares.GRANHOLM: Incorrect.HAWLEY: It is outrageous that you misled us.GRANHOLM: Incorrect.HAWLEY: It is outrageous that you are continuing to mislead us.GRANHOLM: Incorrect.HAWLEY: And it is outrageous you're going to conferences and events funded by foreign billionaires using dark money to try to influence our politics. This has got to change, and frankly you should go.(END VIDEO CLIP)HAWLEY: All right. Senator Hawley joins us now.Let's stay with that exchange with the energy secretary. You believe she violated the Stock Act -- the Stock Act and for continuing to own shares in individual companies last year despite testifying she did not own any individual stock. Did she lie to Congress and isn't it a crime if in fact you do lie to Congress, Senator?HAWLEY: She did lie to Congress. What she said, Sean, is that she sold all of her shares, that she didn't own any stock in companies that she regulates. Not true. She later then came back, months later, and came back and said, oops, oops. I made a mistake. In fact, I owned a bunch of stock, in a bunch of companies, including Ford who the Energy Department obviously regulates and oversees. And she now expects us to buy that.Listen, it is a fact, Sean, an independent watchdog has found that she violated the law nine separate times and yet, here she is still running the Energy Department, still trading stocks. I don't believe a word that she says. She ought to resign. It is a disgrace that she is sitting there making money on the stock market off companies that she regulates when she's supposed to be making energy safe and cheap for the American people.HANNITY: All right. So we've had all of these illegal immigrants, 10 million plus unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants, many coming tens of thousands from China, Russia, Iran, Syria, Egypt,. Afghanistan and we've had murder, we have had rape, we have had other criminal activity, human trafficking, drug trafficking.So -- and I would argue that there are probably tariff cells in our countries right now on our country right now, Senator, because of the lack of the vetting that's supposed to take place, and they're supposed to come in the country illegally.Now, some people say -- well, this was a loss. The House impeached Mayorkas, the Senate wasn't able to follow through the trial. I would argue this, every Democrat now is guilty of whatever crimes are committed by any of Joe Biden's illegal immigrants because they have now aided and abetted in the process. Your reaction?HAWLEY: Well, what they're all guilty of is the crime of the open border, Sean, and they know it. That's why all 51 of them voted to protect Mayorkas today. That's why all 51 of them voted to ignore, to shred the Constitution of the United States. It's because of the crime of the open border.And you're exactly right. We've got violence on our streets like we've hardly ever seen. We've got drugs pouring into our communities. The leading cause of death in this country, fentanyl, where's it coming, across the southern border, who's to blame.Joe Biden is, and Alejandro Mayorkas, they have done this deliberately, Sean, deliberately, for political gain. And I just don't think the American people are going to let him get by with it.HANNITY: Well, you know, I know somebody that actually works for Boeing and works in quality control. I know a little something about it.Now, Boeing has had the issue with the 737s. The hearing today was more about the 787s, but we've had all these incidents and I know a lot of people are afraid, you know, after reading example after example.What I got back from people that I know that are involved in quality control is that, yeah, airbus has well surpassed Boeing in terms of quality. That bothers me because I always want American companies to do well.Is that true?HAWLEY: I hope it's not true but, Sean, I have to tell you, I'm worried. What I heard today from these Boeing whistleblowers and let's just be clear, the clips you play -- those are Boeing employees. Those aren't outside folks. Those are people within the company, lifelong employees, engineers who have come forward and said we are so concerned that the safety concerns are being ignored the safety issues are being ignored.My big issue with Boeing is I don't think they're being honest with us. I don't think that they're checking their airplanes like they should. I don't like the fact that more and more of their labor and parts is made overseas. They're using overseas labor. They're not making the stuff in the United States anymore. I think that that really is to the detriment of their quality.They need to come clean with the American people. And I tell you what else, Sean -- I don't like the fact their CEO is going to get a big fat paycheck when he leaves at the end of the year after all of these crises and subjecting the American people to these safety crises.HANNITY: I think I read like every -- every 90 seconds of Boeing is taken off or landing somewhere in the world. That's pretty -- that's a pretty frightening number, if they don't have the quality control that we want in aircraft.Senator, great to have you. Thank you.When we come back, Iran vowing to wipe Israel off the map as Biden now turns his back on our ally. Netanyahu says Israel will be responding.Up next, you'll meet an Iranian-American lawyer and activist who is blasting those that support the Islamic regime. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)IRANIAN-AMERICAN LAWYER: How about the terror proxies that the Islamic republic has created to foster regional instability? What did you think that they were there for? What did you think Hezbollah was there for? Hamas? Houthis?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: She joins us next along with Aaron Cohen. Please stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now, tensions, they continue to build in the Middle East tonight. Iran is now warning Israel not to respond to its direct drone and missile attacks, saying that, quote, nothing will remain of Israel if they launch even the tiniest invasion against Iran.Now, the prime minister of Israel, Bibi Netanyahu, fired back right away asserting that, quote, Israel will do whatever it needs to defend itself. Nine words that Iran -- Iran would be pretty wise to listen to.And this continuing crisis overseas, it is having real world effects right here at home. A group of anti-Israeli students took over one of the lawns of the campus of Columbia University today in New York City. Take a look at your screen, anti-Israeli demonstrators are still there even at this hour rallying outside the campus gates.Now, these demonstrations come as the university's president and board co- chairs were on Capitol Hill today trying to explain the steps they have taken to address this rampant antisemitism on their campus. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Does calling for the genocide of Jews violate Columbia's code of conduct? Mr. Greenwald (ph)?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, it does.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ms. Shipman (ph)?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, it does.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Dr. Shafik (ph)?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, it does.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And Professor Schizer (ph)?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, it does.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We've also brought on other law enforcement experts rewritten our rules beefed up our enforcement process. We've suspended two student groups for non-compliance. More than a dozen individual students and we discipline faculty members.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have mechanisms that are now being enforced and on my watch, they will be enforced. I think many of these appointments were made in the past in a different era, and that era is done.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And while these crazed protesters claim to be standing up for Muslim communities in the Middle East, Iranian American lawyer activist Ela lean __ is reminding them that they might want to do a little more research. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LE BON: If you would listen to us for the past two years, much less the past 45 years, you'd know that Iranians don't want war with Israel. We want peace with Israel. Iranian people inside of Iran have come out and said this over and over and over again.It's you that wants war with Israel. It's your hatred for Israel and your hatred for Jews that's pulling us into a war that we didn't ask for. Have we not suffered enough for the past 45 years that we now have to be used as pawns for your fantasies about war with Israel? Leave us alone. We don't want that.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That video has gone viral. Elica Le Bon joins us now, along with Israeli special ops veteran, Aaron Cohen is with us.Elica, you want to be very, very clear here, and I would argue, Donald Trump by enforcing sanctions was literally draining the resources that Iran uses to fund the Houthi rebels, Hamas, Hezbollah, their proxy wars, their attacks against Israel, and you were beginning to see young people as you describe that are anti-is -- anti-the Islamic republic join and stand up against the regime.We had seen videos of these protests. That's all gone away because Joe Biden's made the Iranian mullahs rich again. Is that true?LE BON: Yeah, I mean, you know, he has failed to enforce the sanctions after the maximum pressure campaign. The oil exports in Iran have reached the highest that they've been in the past five years, that seriously weakened the Iranian people's revolution since the Mahsa Jina Amini revolution kicked off. It has empowered the mullahs, yeah, absolutely.HANNITY: What has the reaction been to this video? Are you surprised it's gone as viral as it has?LE BON: Well, you know, I am to an extent. I didn't think anybody was listening to us. They hadn't been listening us to us for the past couple of years. We'd been trying to explain that this was a radicalization process that had been building since October 7th. We've been trying to explain that the end -- at the end of this radicalization would result in support for the Islamic regime and now, we are seeing the results of that, everything that we'd warned about.HANNITY: Yeah.Aaron, let me bring you in here. You know, I never thought I'd see a day where we'd have a us president with zero moral clarity that cared more about reelection and losing the base of his party that has been so radicalized that they -- after losing 200 Israelis and in the worst terror attack in Israel's history, and then hearing the stories of rape and murder and hostage taking, that somehow the United States of America would not stand with Israel in their war to win against terror -- in this particular case, not stand with Israel and their right to defend themselves against the number one state sponsor of terror.I found that morally repugnant, repulsive, and frankly probably the worst thing that Joe Biden has done as president and the list is pretty long.AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPS VETERAN: Well, Sean, I agree with you 100 percent and so does everybody in Israel to an extent. Here's the thing, Biden's don't policy, let me make this real clear, is very dangerous in the world of counterterrorism. When we have an expression in Hebrew, (INAUDIBLE), in this case (INAUDIBLE) which is Farsi.Biden not only doesn't speak the language, he doesn't understand the mindset in the Middle East, and the way things work in the Middle East is there's three languages. There's Hebrew, there's Arabic, throwing some Farsi, and there's strength. And you don't have peace in the Middle East, Sean, unless you have strength. Israel must counterattack Iran, they'll do it without the support of the United States.All I have to say is thank God Israel has a multi-layered missile defense system because unlike Joe Biden's multi failure policy with Iran, Israel will go on the offensive. Submissiveness and passiveness, Israel does not have the luxury for. It must be aggressive and it's the only language that the Middle East understands and we understand it.We speak the language. We know the culture. We know the mindset and right now, Israel is going to sweat those generals from the IRGC out, because the idea of getting killed is pretty bad. We're going to let them sweat it out a little bit.HANNITY: Well they can sweat it out, but I will tell you, if Israel does not respond, it will only embolden the mullahs in Iran. They will strike again.Elica, do you support, after watching what was unfolding on Saturday night, do you support Israel and they -- whatever response they deem appropriate after the 300 missiles, et cetera, drones were fired into their country, unprovoked?LE BON: You know, we -- we -- for -- I mean, you know we've been saying this. We just -- we've wanted peace this whole time. We didn't want a war.It was this failure of the Biden administration and the Obama administration before him continuously empowering the mullahs, getting into this JCPOA deal, engaging in diplomatic relations, unfreezing $150 billion, billions and billions more in these hostage deals that we repeatedly warn them would result in more regional and domestic terrorism that have brought us to this moment where we are um at a juncture that you know none of us know how to get out of this at this point.You know, I don't want to see war against my country and my people, and to put my people's lives at risk and this is exactly what I was talking about, the blame has to be --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: But the mullahs in charge of your country launched this attack against Israel. If Israel does not respond, it'll be viewed as weakness, we all understand that, and I think they have they have a moral obligation to respond so that otherwise this will keep happening again. Do you support Israel and their right to fire back at the regime that took them on?LE BON: It's -- it's really hard to answer that question. I feel that the tensions are going to keep escalating and I think this is going to turn into a World War and that's what I'm very apprehensive about.HANNITY: So Israel should just do nothing? And the -- and the number one state sponsor of terror that that has been funding the Houthi rebels, Hamas, Hezbollah, they get away with continuing, you know, all these attacks against an innocent democracy?LE BON: Well, I think if there are strikes, it definitely shouldn't be on, you know --(CROSSTALK)COHEN: Sean, if I can jump in real quick, I'd like to say one thing to Elica. Sean, can I say one thing?HANNITY: Real quick, real quick.COHEN: Israel (INAUDIBLE) which means Israel stands with the people of Iran.LE BON: Yes, I speak Farsi. Thank you. Thank you.HANNITY: All right. Well, maybe -- maybe peace can begin right here on this show because I feel sorry for all of the people that are caught up in all of this and living under thee regime that believes in radicalized terror and a caliphate.When we come back, new problem now plaguing New York City. People are getting flu like diseases from -- you're not going to believe it -- rat urine, and the numbers of infect -- of those infected are rising.Dr. Nicole, Ronny Jackson next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. If you needed just one more reason not to like New York City, I've got one for you, a major rat problem. Now the health department in New York has warned of a spike in infectious disease that comes from contact with rat urine, which likely spreads through trash. All in an attempt to get the rat problem under control, the mayor of New York, Adams, announced the city's going to be fast-tracking a program to, well, I don't know, I guess decontaminate the garbage, whatever that means.Here with more, FOX News contributor, by the way, author of a brand new book, "Love, Mom". You can get it on amazon.com, Dr Nicole Saphier, along with former White House physician, Congressman Ronny Jackson.Okay, you know, when I started written radio few years ago, never thought I'd be talking about rat urine, Dr. Nicole.DR. NICOLE SAPHIER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That's right, Sean. Well, and we're talking about rats, and I'm not talking about the politicians in New York City. I'm talking about actual rats.And so, what we're talking about we're seeing a rise in Leptospirosis cases, now Leptospirosis, very common zoonotic bacterial infection that tends to really just infect animals. But if a human ingest the urine of an infected animal, the human can get sick themselves. New York City alone for the last two decades have average of about three cases a year. Last year, 24 cases, and they already have about six cases this year.Why is that? Well, New York City has a rat problem. There are far too many rats. The homeless population is the perfect breeding ground for rats and so, now, the mayor has a new plan. He wants trash in garbage bins and he wants to give birth control to the rats, and what they have to do is they have to continuously eat these super sweet pellets that will stop them from reproducing because one rat can produce 15,080 baby rats in one year. It's a huge problem, Sean, and it's disgusting.HANNITY: Dr. Ronny?REP. RONNY JACKSON (R-TX): Look, Sean, I don't know -- I don't know if Nicole feels the same way I do, but when you invited me on tonight and I found out that I was going to be the rat expert, I didn't know if I should be honored or insulted. But you know, no, honestly, this is -- this is crazy, Sean.I mean, New York City has got all kinds of problems right now. It's just incredible that they're focused on one and one thing only and that's the persecution and the prosecution of Donald J. Trump, whether it's the state AG or the Manhattan D.A. or the corrupt judges that are there, that's literally all they care about.Meanwhile, the entire city is burning down around them with crime and the immigrant crisis and potential terrorist threat that's sure to be involving New York City in the near future. And you know, all they care about is this, and now, we got the rat infestation.So I just -- I don't get it. You know, I don't know what people in New York are thinking. They need to get rid of some of these people. We need to clean it up and Nicole is absolutely right. I mean, look, the real rats in D.C. are the politicians.HANNITY: Remember, they didn't want glue traps in New York either because that would be cruel to the rats and the mice. Unreal, you can't make it up.Don't forget, you can get a copy of Dr. Nicole's new book "Love, Mom" at amazon.com.More "Hannity", next.HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity", 9:00 Eastern, 6:00 Pacific.And I have some good news. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by with the great show to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.