BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. Tonight, and all this week, a lot of news. That's it for Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. I personally looking forward to some Masters time on the TV. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is coming up next.RACHEL CAMPOS-DUFFY, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Rachel Campos Duffy and this is a special edition of THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from New York City tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're declining nation, we have tremendous inflation, the inflation is coming back at levels that nobody thought they really would have. And it's already at records. So, inflation is back, and a lot of bad things are happening in our country. But that's the least of it. You've got Russia could end up -- and you could end up in a world war between Russia, Ukraine and all of the chaos.We have a president that doesn't know where he is, he can speak, the whole world is collapsing, the world is on fire, they have no respect for our country anymore.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: He's not the only one who thinks that. A new Wall Street Journal poll of swing state voters show that they overwhelmingly feel that Trump is the one who is best able to handle issues, like the economy and the border crisis. And an AP poll out today reveals that when it comes to the cost of living, 58 percent think that Biden hurt them. And that includes 34 percent of Democrats and 57 percent of independents.So, what's the guy to do? He won't change his failing policy. So instead, he'll try to buy your vote by paying off billions more in student loan debt. How much more, just $7.4 billion. And the White House is trying to spin this as a huge financial win for Americans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Look, the President was in Madison, Wisconsin yesterday, he talked about student loans, he talked about ways to give Americans a little bit of more breathing room making sure that they can go after their dreams, right, making sure that borrowers who have been really crunched by student loans has an opportunity to get out from that. And that's something that Republicans could be helpful with. But instead, they get in the way, and they get in the way and block what the President is doing.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Joining us now is Charlie Hurt, Washington Times Opinion Editor and a Fox News Contributor, and Will Cain, my co-host on Fox and Friends Weekend. So, Charlie, I'll start with you. You know, usually when this kind of stuff happens, you see them move, you see the presidential candidate move to the middle. That's what I think James Carville wants him to do. Ron Klain seems to be telling him to do that. But he doesn't want to do this. What's he going to -- what's going to happen here?CHARLIE HURT, OPINION EDITOR, WASHINGTON TIMES: I think quite frankly, Rachel, He's incapable of moving to the middle --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.HURT: -- because he's laid down all of these crazy Left-wing markers that have -- and to think about all the ways he's gone so Far-Left, so much farther than anything Barack Obama ever tried to do, in terms of really sort of fringe wacko objectives that pleases only -- the Far-Left extreme of this party. And at the expense of obviously, normal people in the Republican Party, as well as independence. And -- but they're -- he's painted himself into a corner at this point. And his only -- don't think he can get out of it, quite frankly.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes. It just doesn't seem like a winning strategy. Will, the other strategy he has is OK, I'm not going to change my policy. I'm just going to tell you the economy. I know, you think the economy is bad, the economy is really great. You're just not -- you're just not feeling it, but it's great.WILL CAIN, FOX AND FRIENDS WEEKEND CO-HOST: Well, I wouldn't dismiss this idea from President Biden to dismiss student loan debt. I don't know that's an ideological move on behalf of the Biden administration. I don't know if that's a rush to the Left. I think that is ugly, practical politics. I think we can all sit here and point out and we should how ugly that it is that welders have to pay for the college debt --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.CAIN: -- of 26-year-olds. But it's not so much ideological as it is just sheer ugly politics of buying votes.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Right.CAIN: This is the type of thing we see -- you've seen in Mexico, where they hand out groceries in the line as you wait to make your way to the ballot box.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.CAIN: This is paying off people to vote for Joe Biden --CAMPOS-DUFFY: But it's --CAIN: -- and I'm afraid just to the point of not dismissing it, I'm afraid that can be effective.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Well, first of all, I think -- I think you're right. It does sound like buying votes, Latin American style, except it's in the reverse. Usually, you're paying off the poor people, but in this case, we're taking money from the poor, from the working class and paying off rich privilege professional class kids. So that's one aspect of it that I might -- that doesn't work.But Charlie, could this have the opposite effect? Could you end up for the vote, you would gain as Will said for the ugly sheer, you know, get those young kids back in? Could you end up losing more votes of people who are just disgusted and repelled, especially as you're looking at $34 trillion in debt?HURT: Well, I certainly agree that the reason that they're doing this is that it can be effective and it's proven effective in terms of buying votes whether it's through Obamacare or whatever it is that they're trying to do, this just happens to be in direct violation of the Supreme Court, a violation of the Constitution.CAIN: Yes.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.HURT: And they're full steam ahead. It's incumbent upon Republicans to make the case of just how disgusting this is. And as Will points out, just how unfair it is that you're forcing a welder, you're forcing people -- American citizens who maybe were not even able to afford the college tuition for their own children.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Right.HURT: You're forcing those people to suddenly have to pay the tuition of children that they're not even their children. And the fundamental unfairness of it, I think does backfire. But Republicans and Donald Trump has to make that case and has to be so scaldingly clear that people are enraged as -- as enraged as they should be about --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes. I think that AOC gave away the game, well, the other day when she was on a late-night talk show host -- talk show, and she said something to the effect of, you know, well, you know, this will be great for them, because then they can go on vacation. And I was like, well, she just gave it away.CAIN: Yes. And I don't -- look, I think you're in my roles are often that I play the role of the optimist, and you play the role of the pessimist on your Saturday and Sunday morning. So, I don't want to come in here and steal your role, nor do I want to necessarily be a pessimist. But I will say, while so many different swing states seem to suggest things are moving in the direction of President Trump, so many different polls would be moving the direction of President Trump.The betting markets today actually move the other way and moved in a favorable direction towards Biden. So, what I think that's going to -- what I think that reflects is a lot of different things. It reflects, perhaps some state abortion laws that help Democrats, it could in this respect, with young people, saying thank you for paying off my college loans. But what I think we're going to have is a schizophrenic next four or five months --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Amen to that. I agree.CAIN: -- where the public goes back and forth. And what that will mean is Democrats will lean in on every single thing from abortion to a threat to democracy, to try to keep this thing swinging back and forth between Biden and Trump.CAMPOS-DUFFY: And there'll be a surprise for sure.CAIN: Yes, absolutely.CAMPOS-DUFFY: All right. Thank you, Will and Charlie, great stuff. All right. Well, one key issue shaping 2024 is the fact that Biden knows he's in trouble with minority voters. And so, it should come as no surprise that we saw Biden talking to Univision this week. And today, he stopped by Al Sharpton's National Action Network. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Together, we've kept our promises to make some of the most significant investments in the black American community ever.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Despite the fact that Latinos and black Americans are major voting bloc for the Left, Biden's still can't get the same reaction that Trump does. Take this viral moment from Trump's visit to an Atlanta Chick- fil-A this week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't care what the media tells you, Mr. Trump, we support you.TRUMP: Thank you. We love you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK, 4 PM. We've 4 PM --TRUMP: Let me give you a hug.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Joining me now is the woman from that interaction, Michaelah Montgomery, founder of Conserve the Culture. Michaelah --MICHAELAH MONTGOMERY, FOUNDER, CONSERVE THE CULTURE: Yes.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Why did you want your photo taken with Donald Trump that day?MONTGOMERY: Well, above all else, he was our president, the leader of the free world --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Sure.MONTGOMERY: -- so I don't know who as a person who respects our offices wouldn't take the opportunity to take a picture with the President. So, of course, I'm going to want my picture, but I supported Donald Trump last election and I definitely feel like I'll probably be supporting him again, this election. So, with that being said, yes, I want my picture with the President.CAMPOS-DUFFY: So, Michaelah, you are part of an organization called Conserve Culture. I don't know what that is exactly. Maybe you want to tell us a little bit?MONTGOMERY: Conserve the Culture.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Conserve the Culture, OK, I don't know if that means you're conservative or not. I'm curious. What your circle of family and social circles, where are they at with Donald Trump, especially compared to where they were in the last election?MONTGOMERY: Well, I come from a generationally Democratic family. So, my parents are actually not Trump supporters, but they don't not support me because I support him. And that is something I can be very grateful for to have in my family. So yes.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes, all right. I also understand that there was other young woman there with you that had her photo taken with Donald Trump, was there and part of that interaction, and she got some negative blowback. What happened?MONTGOMERY: So, unfortunately, the young (inaudible) who enjoyed utilizing her opportunity to take a picture with the President has faced some severe cases of bullying ever since then. She's being ostracized from her community; people are claiming that she made a mockery of her institution. And you know how dare she take a picture with a man like Trump and it's just -- it really speaks to college especially in HBCU is supposed to be a space where black people can go and express themselves freely without feeling like they have to be a certain way to be accepted by their colleagues.Because that unfortunately, that's how we feel when we're in non-black spaces. And we feel the need to code switch. So, going to an HBCU is supposed to be a time where you can go and express yourself freely, whether that be social commentary, or political identity. So, it's really, really sad to see how when some people who are studying policy decide to exercise their First Amendment right and express themselves and their individuality, they could be ostracized or demonized for something like that.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.MONTGOMERY: And she didn't even come out as a Trump supporter. She was just somebody there trying to obtain more information, just trying to see what candidates had to offer.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.MONTGOMERY: Because clearly the last candidate only said if you don't vote for me, then you ain't black, without delivering --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.MONTGOMERY: -- intangible. So now the action item for us as voters would be to go to each candidate and ask them well, what tangibles are you planning to deliver if we put you in office, and Donald Trump took a second to speak to each and every student and ask them, what matters to you? How can I earn your vote, and we need to see more of that in our community.CAMPOS-DUFFY: All right. Well, it'll be interesting to ask her and you and everyone else, what kind of tangibles the Biden administration has delivered over the last four years. It sounds to me from what I'm hearing from minority communities is that they are not impressed. Michaelah, thank you for joining us. You're a free thinker. And that's a wonderful thing.All right, the world is on high alert, and the U.S. is monitoring some credible threats of an imminent Iranian attack on Israel. Joining me now with all the details is White House Correspondent, Jacqui Heinrich. Jacqui, tell us the latest --JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Rachel. Good evening to you. The President didn't initially explain what he's going to do, what the U.S. will do if Iran follows through with an expected imminent attack on Israel. He just said his message to Iran is don't, so we asked, or else what? Initially, he didn't respond. But he turned around to give an answer. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Don't.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Or else what.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are America --BIDEN: We are devoted to the defense of Israel. We will support Israel. We will defend -- help defend Israel, and Iran will not succeed. Thank you very much.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: Iran reportedly issued the Biden administration a warning of its own. If the U.S. gets involved, American forces in the region will be attacked. It's not clear if defensive acts like intercepting Iranian missiles would trigger that, but Biden's critics say America's already involved because of inaction and what Biden does now matters a lot.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE POMPEO, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: We've lost deterrence. Right. The Iranians have already attacked Israel once on October 7th through their proxy Hamas. They're continuing to fire on American interests in the region now over 100 times since October 7th.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not a good time to go wobbly, if you're the President of the United States. This is one of those times when leadership really matters and message discipline matters.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: Iran reportedly told Arab allies it holds the U.S. responsible for a likely Israeli strike that killed Iranian general in Syria. Israel has not taken responsibility for it and the U.S. says it was not involved. The Pentagon is now moving more assets into the Middle East region to bolster deterrence and the CENTCOM commander is in Israel to coordinate. The Pentagon also is asking Israel for a heads up before they take any action in response, apparently upset at the Pentagon top brass but they didn't get a heads up before this Damascus strike that put U.S. forces at risk in the region on its way to Rehoboth tonight. The President said he's always worried about Americans when he was asked if he's afraid that they're going to be killed, Rachel.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Thank you, Jacqui. Appreciate it. Well, Trump just issued a major challenge to Joe Biden over the border. We'll explain next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Nothing says strong on the border like the Biden administration.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: I think, here's what I can say we evaluate all options. Right? We do. We evaluate all options as it regard -- as it relates to executive actions. We believe the President believes it's important to evaluate those options. We haven't made a decision as it relates to what we're looking at. We're always looking at options. I just don't have anything. We're always going to evaluate our options; I just don't have anything to share. We haven't made a decision. We're always going to evaluate other options as it relates to an executive action. We're going to evaluate all of our options, as we've been saying, but we have to continue to be really clear here. Republicans need to act; they need to move forward.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Well, with an answer like that, it's no wonder we're in this situation that we're in. I guess they're evaluating options, while illegals continue to pour in. Maybe KJP has a bad memory because the Migration Policy Institute says Biden took 296 executive actions on immigration in just his first year. Trump only had 86. And many of Biden's executive actions focus on reversing or starting to undo Trump policies.Joining me now is Sean Duffy, Fox News Contributor and co-host of Fox Business's The Bottom Line. Sean, I want to get your thoughts on her, but let me just first go to this because Donald Trump just addressed the border a little bit ago, so listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Biden should do it immediately. He should close the border immediately. He needs no legislation. He doesn't need this gentleman, he doesn't need anybody, he can do it. I did it without any legislation. I had the best border we've had in ever, recorded history. He can close it immediately.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes, she keeps saying about options, Donald Trump laid out the blueprint on what to do.SEAN DUFFY, FBN'S THE BOTTOM LINE CO-HOST: Well, so if Joe Biden opened the border with executive action, he can close the same border with executive action. And there were three and a half years in this administration, three and a half years in, and they're talking about evaluating their options. Their term is almost up. I mean, why -- they should have taken action a year ago, two years ago, or three years ago.And the problem is, if you love America, why would you open the border and let an 800 percent increase of Chinese nationals come into the country, known terrorists, unknown terrorists coming into the country, drug dealers, human traffickers, they're all flooding in, we don't know who they are. And let's be really honest, Joe Biden has a lot of Leftists in his administration that are pushing him to keep the border open. But Joe sees the politics of this, he sees the polling and most Americans, liberals and conservatives have a concern --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Right.DUFFY: -- about the -- about the border. So, he's thinking about taking action. But he isn't only because he's got these Lefties pushing him to keep it open.CAMPOS-DUFFY: All right.DUFFY: It doesn't make any sense.CAMPOS-DUFFY: And he does it on Univision which shows that Hispanics don't like what he's been doing, and he's trying to let you know, signal to them maybe, I might do something. Just wait, just hold on. Stay with me.DUFFY: But hold on, that's what is their point, because he thought that if I open the border, and let in all Hispanics in, those Hispanics that were here would love it. He soon realized --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.DUFFY: -- they actually hate it because they're Americans, and it's bad for the American people.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Can I play you this clip from Joe Scarborough because here's what he thinks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC'S MORNING JOE CO-HOST: If you run a family restaurant, you need more workers. If you run hardware store on Main Street, you need more workers. If you're an entrepreneur, you need more workers. You need immigrants. We are fueled, our economy is fueled by immigrants, up and down the employment chain.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Sean, I actually respect Joe Scarborough for saying this. He's telling the truth that for a lot of them, the -- one of the main reasons is cheap labor. The Democrat party has declared war on working people on their wages, but -- and they're bringing in cheap labor. He's admitting it.DUFFY: But listen, does Joe Scarborough really care about small businesses across the country, they do not. Look at the rules, the regulation, the taxes that they burden these small businesses with, of course, they don't care about the small businesses. The reason we don't have workers in America is because Joe Biden and Democrats keep paying the American people to stay home, to not work. There's so many freebies, so many giveaways, that people don't have to go to work. If you take those away, people will have to get back into the workforce. And so again, this is a Democrat created problem, and now with a Democrat created solution to open up our borders. And is this about voting? Is this about bringing in more voters?CAMPOS-DUFFY: I think it's worth examining that.DUFFY: Is it about the congressional districts getting more illegals into Democratic Congressional states and districts to get a bigger numbers for apportionment that only helped Democrats out? I don't know.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes, well, a lot of people have left those blue states to red states. So, you've got to fill them up somehow. And they're bringing those illegals over there. All right. Great stuff, Sean. Thank you. See you a little later.DUFFY: Thank you. Deal.CAMPOS-DUFFY: All right. Liberal city insanity. A mom gets ticketed for her four-year-olds bathroom emergency. While violent criminals roam free. We're going to explain that, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Why does New York City keep putting violent offenders back on the streets? A group of Venezuelan illegals are finally in ICE custody after allegedly attacking NYPD officers at Target, but not before they were freed without bail for the assault. And then there's the gang member who's been arrested nine times this year alone for burglary and on weapon and drug charges. He's been freed multiple times. He's finally locked up now with a cash bail of $20,000. But it took far too long.And according to the New York Post, a man with a lengthy rap sheet attacked a podcaster with nun chucks in broad daylight. The Post says he too was cut loose with no bail, reportedly by the same judge who freed a woman suspected of bashing a subway cellist in the head with a bottle and then there's this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Walking on the street and hit by your strangers. She was left with a broken jaw. She lost some teeth and has suffered permanent nerve damage. Franz Jeudy was arrested and charged for the assault. The 33- year-old pled not guilty, and he was released without bail.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Joining me now is Paul Mauro, Attorney, former NYPD inspector and Fox News Contributor. Paul, these criminals keep doing the same thing, there's no consequences. I feel terrible for the victims.But Alvin Bragg, a lot of these DAs that are doing this kind of stuff, they told the voters they were going to do this when -- you know, Alvin Bragg had it on his website. It was practically a woke manifesto.PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It was. And, you know, realistically, New York City at this point has chosen its own decline.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Thank you.MAURO: You know, we've chosen our obsolescence, OK? So, let's look at the culprits here. You have to start -- you know, the prosecutors are bad enough, but you have to start with the legislatures. Stuff that gets done out of the way. We don't really see. It's not really sexy. It's votes in a legislature. But the Albany legislature, the state legislature, is where all this stuff was born.Rachel, we're up 40 percent in crime in New York City over the last five years. All right. And yet, they're touting these incremental crime drops that we have so far going on this year, and not even in every major category.Since the criminal justice reforms, we're up about a third in the seven majors. The quality of life, crimes are up. Half of them don't get reported. And you see stuff like this. And that's one of the reasons why it's such an issue now, because now we have video. You have social media. You can't hide this stuff.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Right.MAURO: People feel it on the street and they know.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes. Speaking of that, Bethany Frankel, she's a reality TV star. She was one of the people that was punched in the face. She saw other women on TikTok talking about it and she said, boy, I -- it happened to me, too.I want you to hear what she's -- you're talking about quality of life. This is what she's telling her daughter. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: New York is in a way, dead. It is a shell of its former self. You don't want to scare your kids. You don't want to freak them out. What do I do? Scare my kid, freak her out. Like, I'm choosing fear. I want to instill fear in her, because my alternative is pain and death, like, and crime.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: I can't disagree with her.MAURO: That's a mother --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yeah.MAURO: -- right?CAMPOS-DUFFY: Everyone feels that way.MAURO: What a wonderful lesson to be telling our young kids. OK, you want to come here? You know, our cities, it's not just New York. Our cities are the nation's crown jewels, right? These are our centers of, traditionally, culture, commerce, immigrant aspiration. And they are still the place where 80 percent of the American population either lives in or nearby.And it's where people bounce off of each other and come up with new ideas, et cetera, et cetera. They're dying. All right. That's it. Another chosen obsolescence. And I could go through the laundry list.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yeah. People who can afford to leave have left. But you're right. There's a lot of working-class people that are stuck here for -- or they have family here and they can't get out of the situation. But they voted for it. And so, hopefully things will get -- things will change.MAURO: They keep voting for it. You know, we had a chance here to put in Lee Zeldin and we didn't. And now all the people who voted for Hochul are complaining.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yeah. It's not good. Paul, thanks so much.MAURO: Thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: A 68-year-old woman walking up the steps to her church in New York City this weekend, 8:15 in the morning, when a thug, dressed all in black, ran up ahead of her and then threw her down the stairs. The woman hit her head, fracturing her skull.Now, as she lay motionless, nearly motionless on the ground, this demon rifled through her bag and her pocket, stealing her phone, her purse with 300 bucks inside.UNKNOWN: My aunt was strong enough that she actually did get back up and she attempted to walk towards her car. When she got to the car, it seems like the suspect was up the block watching her. He then stole the car. And she had walked home where her daughter called 911.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Oh, it's just unbelievable. Well, we have an update on that story that Laura brought you earlier this week. A 16-year-old male has been arrested after allegedly attacking that 68-year-old woman as she was going to Sunday mass. Unbelievable. He's been charged with first degree assault, first degree robbery and grand larceny. Not enough in my opinion. Turns out he's connected to another robbery from just three days before the attack. The Queens D.A. says he followed a woman from a bank, demanded all of her money, and then stole her car.We spoke to the attack victim's nephew who told us she's still in the ICU recovering, but was able to recognize her family. She's starting to get some movement back. And we are all, of course, praying for her recovery. Wow.So, while criminals are able to roam freely around New York City, getting attacked, even going to mass, they are cracking down on some things, like young children having bathroom emergencies.Michiko Sasaki was enjoying a day out on the park with her 4-year-old son when he told her that he needed to go to the bathroom urgently. They ran what she thought was to the nearest bathroom, but it was closed for public use with no other options. Sasaki did what any desperate mom would do. I would do this. She blocked him from public view and let him go to the bathroom. And that's when she says things got insane.Michiko, thank you for joining us today. Tell us what happened after that.MICHIKO SASAKI, NYC MOM: Yeah. So, my son, after he voiced to me that he really needed to go and he was about to go in his pants, we hid behind the abandoned toilet building, which ended up that's what it was. And all of a sudden, five, six officers just swarmed right behind me and demanded us to stop, pull over, and aggressively just told us this is not allowed. This is against the law. I'm writing you a ticket. And just -- didn't even give us an alternative on where we could have gone to the toilet.So, at that point, I had to argue and say, well, what do you do when a toilet is out of order and a child needs to go as an emergency?CAMPOS-DUFFY: There's no toilet at the park.SASAKI: Yeah. So, obviously, they didn't have any answers to that, which was appalling. And, yeah, they told me that I can go to the View Restaurant, which is a restaurant. There is a policy that only customers can usually go, to any restaurant is what I was thinking, but that was their answer.And apparently, there is a bathroom, but there are no signs and no arrows, nothing. So, how is anyone to know?CAMPOS-DUFFY: Well, I walk around the city every so often. It smells like pot and urine everywhere. I'm wondering why they're cracking down on a four-year-old and not all the drug addicts and homeless people that are clearly doing a lot worse things.SASAKI: Yeah. No, absolutely. And that's what I told them, too. There are adults doing it right in the river in front of all these people, and yet those people are invisible to them. They are cracking down on literally just everyday normal people doing the pettiest, littlest things, finding everybody left and right at Battery Park.CAMPOS-DUFFY: You just saw our segment just before, about all the crime that we're seeing in New York with Paul. So, what does this tell you about the livability, how things have declined, say, over the last five years for families?SASAKI: Yeah. No, I would say with just even having a four-year-old child in the past four years, the crime has definitely been more apparent. Subway stations, trains, just any public space has been just a lot harder, and way more assault is happening just apparently to every family and child. It's very, very visible.And these basic needs are just diminishing, and they're becoming disgusting. Bathrooms are not usable, even if they are open, and it's a big problem.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Well, six cops on a four-year-old who has to do a bathroom break because the bathrooms don't exist at the park, or they're broken down at the park, what a terrible lack of priorities.On your situation, this is from the public recreation, they said, on your statement, the Department of Parks and Recreation, we want every New Yorker to be able to enjoy our parks and feel comfortable in them. Public urination in parks is prohibited. And we ask everyone to use the designated facilities provided.Michiko, we also spoke to them on the phone, and they told us they were working on updating signage regarding the bathroom. What's your reaction to that?SASAKI: It was kind of hilarious, because we went back down there today with another report, and saw that they had reinstated a new sign on that bathroom door, which they did exactly what I told them to do, which was put some alternate signs for bathrooms and arrows, and I had to teach them like teachers, and they actually posted these signs.But, you know, it's like you can't give us a ticket or ticket someone else when you don't have any kind of direction or signs on bathrooms.CAMPOS-DUFFY: How about not ticketing moms trying to deal with an emergency with a four-year-old and go after real criminals? Michiko, thank you so much for joining us.SASAKI: Thank you.CAMPOS-DUFFY: You got it. You're a great mom. All right. Trump said he's absolutely going to testify in his hush money trial. The details on that just ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Trump making some major news today ahead of his hush money trial that starts on Monday. For all the details, we turn to Fox News Senior National Correspondent, Kevin Corke. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Rachel. Good to be with you, my friend. Former President Trump becoming the first former president to stand trial in a criminal case beginning next week. Now, he'll also do so against the backdrop of, of course, his ongoing presidential campaign in which he's already the presumptive Republican nominee.Now, in case you're wondering, so what's this thing about you possibly testifying in your own defense? Well, he said this to reporters today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Do you plan to testify in your trial at all?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Yeah, I would testify, absolutely. It's a scam. It's a scam. That's not a trial.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Ah, it's a scam. It's not a trial. Now, jury selection begins on Monday in the Big Apple, and the trial is expected to last, you know, six to eight weeks. But that may be a bit optimistic because keep this in mind, while jury selection is expected to last about a week or two, prosecutors for the president -- or the prosecutors and the lawyers for the former president are going to try to whittle down a pool of potentially hundreds of people to just 12 jurors and six alternates.What's more? Each juror, Rachel, will have to answer 42 questions designed, of course, to discern whether or not they can be impartial about the former president. A tall order in New York City.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yeah. It certainly is. All right, Kevin, thank you so much.CORKE: You bet.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Joining me now is Mike Davis, former Gorsuch law clerk and founder of the Article III Project. Also with me is Sol Wisenberg, former deputy independent counsel and Fox News contributor. Sol, the trial is happening in New York City, which is overwhelmingly voted for, you know, Joe Biden, I think by 75 percent, only 22 percent voted for Trump. So, can Trump get a fair trial in New York?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, I think it's going to be -- I think it's going to be very hard for him to do so. I think the motion to change venue should have been granted. But on the other hand, it's so obviously a political prosecution that, who knows, if anybody can get an acquittal in such unfair circumstances here. Former President Trump may well be able to.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Wow. All right, Mike, let's kind of go through some of these questions that Kevin Corke talked about. The jury is going to have to answer these questionnaires. So, here are some of them.Do you currently follow Donald Trump on any social media sites? Have you done so in the past? Do you have any strong opinions about whether a former president may be criminally charged in state court? Do you have any feelings or opinions about how Mr. Trump is being treated in this case?Mike, it also asks people to explain where they get their news from. What do you make of all these questions? Are they good?MIKE DAVIS, ARTICLE III PROJECT FOUNDER: Well, this is part of a very biased process by this Democrat Manhattan judge, Juan Merchan. He donated to President Biden's campaign against Trump in 2020. He donated to another anti-Trump group. His adult daughter, Lauren Merchan, is a leading Democrat consultant for Biden and Kamala Harris and many other Democrats, and she's making money off of this criminal trial that over which her father is presiding.Notice how this questionnaire does not ask these potential jurors whether they are associated with the Biden campaign. They only ask if their anti- Trump, but they don't ask whether they're associated with Biden or his causes.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yeah, that certainly is not fair, to say the least. Sol, here's what Trump said earlier today about jury selection. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Jury selection is largely luck. It depends who you get. It's very unfair that I'm having a trial there. It's very unfair that we have this judge who hates Trump and has tremendous conflict, as you know, tremendous conflict. Nobody can believe that this judge isn't recusing himself. The conflict is at a level that nobody's ever seen before.So, I have that and I have venue. We have all these things that we've asked for. They don't give us anything. It's a witch hunt. All I can do is tell the truth. And the truth is that there's no case. They have no case.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Sol, it is shameful that this judge has not recused himself. It's just making a mockery of our system. But what do you make of what Donald Trump just said?WISENBERG: Well, I go back to something that -- he covered a lot of topics. I want to go back to something Mike said that's very important. He talked about the jury questionnaire. Now, there's some questions on there that are standard, but they asked eight very specific questions.And on the surface, it looks like, well, the judge is being evenhanded here, because they asked four questions having to do with things like, have you ever been to a Trump rally? You know, have you ever -- are you part of a Trump or are you on a list server or an email for pro Trump?And then they asked four questions. Are you anti Trump? But are you part of an anti-Trump group? Did you go to an anti-Trump rally? But Mike makes a very important point. A juror, potential juror, who really doesn't like Donald Trump and wants to get on that jury, because he or she is hostile to Donald Trump can always say, well, no, I'm not part. I'm not part of an anti-Trump organization. I'm going to answer that, no.But how many organizations have anti-Trump in their title? What you want to ask is, are you are you on President Biden's listserv, or on the listserv of Alvin Bragg or somebody like that? And so, that's going -- if it looks - - first like it's evenhanded, but it can be manipulated by a juror, potential juror, who wants to get on that jury. And the judge should ask much more questions. He should get into much more detail.Here's another thing. Are you a member of -- and they list five different groups, five or six groups. Well, they're considered to be by many people right-wing extremist groups. The Proud Boys, the three percenters, the Boogaloo Boys, I think is one of them. They only have one left-wing extremist group in there, Antifa.But there's yet another problem about this. By listing these five super extremist right-wing groups, they are sending an implicit message that President Trump is affiliated with these groups.So, some of these people, some of these prosecutors and judges, even if they're legitimately trying to be fair minded, they're so biased themselves that they can't even be that way. So, I don't think this -- the jury questionnaire is evenhanded.CAMPOS-DUFFY: All good points. Mike and Sol, thanks so much. Next, life in Biden's America gets even more radical. The patriotic display that's triggering liberals.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNKNOWN: Life in Biden's America.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Life in Biden's America is becoming more-radical and crazy by the day. Who better to discuss the details than Seattle radio host Jason Rantz. Jason, our first story is one you exclusively exposed. Members of a regional women's country line dance team say they were kicked out of a dance convention because organizers claimed, get this, that their American flag attire made attendees feel, quote, "triggered and unsafe." Here's a part of your interview with the team's co-captain.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Our flag tops were offending a small percentage of the -- of the convention goers, and it was suggested that maybe they would boycott it.UNKNOWN: My team doesn't take a political stance. So, we came to dance. We're a patriotic group. We support our military, our veterans, our first responders. We're a group of patriots.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Jason, liberals are now triggered by their own flag. I mean, what's going on here?JASON RANTZ, SEATTLE RADIO HOST: Well, what doesn't trigger them at this point? I mean, seriously, at some point we have to just step back and say this is a you-problem, that if you are actually offended at American flag imagery at a country line dance competition, that's going to be on you. You should probably just stay away completely.This is our flag. If you don't like what it stands for, OK, either keep it to yourself or just don't leave the house, because none of us are willing to just put aside any of our patriotism because it might trigger you.CAMPOS-DUFFY: They look like such nice ladies. They don't make me feel unsafe at all. All right. Let's move to this, Jason, a pro-Palestine Berkeley law student. She doesn't understand the law. She actually confronted her own dean at a graduation dinner that he invited her to at his house. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Fast, not only from --(CROSSTALK)UNKNOWN: We have attorneys.UNKNOWN: OK, you don't have to get it --UNKNOWN: Excuse me.UNKNOWN: You are guests at our house.UNKNOWN: This is our first amendment --(CROSSTALK)(END VIDEO CLIP)CAMPOS-DUFFY: Wow, this is getting crazy. So, which is more frightening, Jason, this protest or the fact that the student hasn't yet mastered constitutional law? This is her professor's house.RANTZ: Well, here's what's scary. She's going to be a lawyer. This is someone who is going to become a lawyer. And she's going to get in front of a judge, who probably also went to UC Berkeley, and decide on, like, really important cases. I mean, this is just so annoying. And, you know, God bless that professor.I can't say it, but she probably could say this. She kind of is very punchable. And at some point, that's what's going to end up happening. And I don't want it to get to violence, but at some point, you're going to show up to people's houses, and you're going to pull stuff like that. It's going to come with consequences.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Well, Jason, to be fair, AOC has a degree in economics. And she invented the Green New Deal and everything that's adding to the $34 trillion in debt that we're in.All right. Well, Latin-x never caught on. And so, the relentless radical left is now workshopping a new word, Jason. It's called Latine. According to Axios, Latine is a gender-neutral way to describe or refer to people with Latino origins. And it's surging.So, where is it surging? On university campuses, museums, what? And among researchers and the media, of course, catch-all terms like Hispanic or Latino have come under scrutiny for blurring important nuances and presenting a large part of the population as a monolith. That's what Axios says.So, how insulting is it that you have these academics and activists saying that they need to rewrite your language? It's not inclusive enough?RANTZ: There's no way that even people are doing this. I think, actually, Axios made this entire story up. And I can define Latine. It's a word that insufferable white progressives use because they think it's going to land them their first Latino friend. Let's just be honest about it. They are trying to impress Latinos. All they're doing in this condescending nonsense is pushing them away. And the Democrats own this, which explains why the polling shows Latinos are headed to Republicans.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yeah. It's as popular as Latin-x, which we don't know what it means. I'm Hispanic. All right, Jason. Thanks so much. Well, that's it for tonight. I'm Rachel Campos-Duffy, in for Laura Ingraham. Make sure you check out my podcast, From the Kitchen Table. This week, we have an interview with Abigail Schreier. Also, Sean and I discuss marriage and our 25th anniversary. Also, don't forget to tune in tomorrow.