(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thanks to Vivek Ramaswamy, Kennedy, Adam Hunter and Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT' with dream Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And we knew it was coming, and here it is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think what he's doing is a mistake. I don't agree with his -- I think it's outrageous. What I'm calling for is for the Israelis to just call for a ceasefire.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Breaking tonight, it sounds like President Biden's Ironclad support for Israel is now at the melting point after Biden issues his biggest criticism yet of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's handling of the war on Hamas, calling his approach outrageous and a mistake. And the timing of this widening rift could not be more problematic, because Iran is threatening a direct attack against Israel, as retaliation for a strike in Syria that killed several Iranian commanders.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with what President Biden is saying now about his commitment to Israel. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. Critics say President Biden wants to have it both ways but he simply can't. Now, keep in mind in the war"s early moments, Biden vowed unflinching support for Israel, even flying to Tel Aviv to publicly hug Bibi. But since then, Israel, as you know, has leveled Gaza and things have really changed at home, of course, under siege from protesters demanding a ceasefire overseas.America's standing being battered by the perception that Israel is fighting a war with American money and support. Now, even though Biden continues to criticize Bibi Netanyahu and Israel, Bibi, frankly, has been leaning into it. Now, this is all happening as Axios reports that the commander of CENTCOM is expected to meet with senior IDF officials amid threats of a possible attack from Iran on Israel.And with that in mind, I want you to listen carefully to how the administration is, you know, using this threat of tough talk to sort of back Israel a little bit more strongly than it has, while at the same time, as you pointed out, distancing itself from the war in Gaza.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We also want to address the Iranian threat to launch a significant - - threatening to launch a significant attack on Israel. As I told Prime Minister Netanyahu, our commitment to Israel"s security against these threats from Iran and its proxies is ironclad. Let me say it again, ironclad. We're going to do all we can to protect Israel"s security.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: See how he's got it there? Ironclad support for Israel"s security, but when it comes to the war in Gaza, maybe not so much. Now, the push for the ceasefire continues. There's also fresh reporting tonight that finding hostages, Trace may not be as simple as some people believe. This from CNN. Hamas is indicated that it currently is unable to identify and track down 40 Israeli hostages needed for the first phase of a ceasefire deal, which of course is raising fears that there may be many more hostages who are dead than the public previously understood, Trace.GALLAGHER: That is awful news for a lot of families out there. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in the founder of Lest People Forget, Elizabeth Pipko along with the host of Stakelbeck Tonight, Middle East analyst Erick Stakelbeck. Thank you both for coming on here. I mean, Erick, to you first. It's really hard when you see the president with more ironclad vows to back Israel. I mean, he said that after October 7th.And now you see him. It's not just calling for a ceasefire. He is criticizing Benjamin Netanyahu's entire war policy, his stance on the war, the way he's fighting the war. This isn't about face.ERICK STAKELBECK, MIDDLE EAST ANALYST: No, Trace. At the worst possible moment, as you said in the lead in, as the Iranian regime is threatening to directly strike Israel, President Biden decides to establish daylight between Israel and the United States. By the way, this is not just Israel"s fight, Trace. The Iranian regime refers to America as the Great Satan. And their ideology, Israel, is only the little Satan.Israel is the first line of defense for the West. And yet, President Biden just threw our closest ally in the Middle East under the bus. This is the height of mixed messaging in one breath saying, look, this is outrageous on behalf of Israel. And the next breath saying, well, we have your back. It's ironclad. Here's a problem, Trace. The Iranian regime doesn't believe there's any teeth behind Biden's comments backing Israel.GALLAGHER: And you talk about throwing under the bus, Elizabeth Pipko, you wonder, listen, maybe he's going after the far-left voters. He's clearly swayed by them. But at the same time, you are alienating a lot of moderate Jewish Democrat voters. And it's a big block.ELIZABETH PIPKO, FOUNDER OF LEST PEOPLE FORGET: It is, right. Look, what I hope people are really paying attention to and noticing here is the fact that our domestic politics has now infiltrated and infected our foreign policy right. We're seeing people protesting in the streets and that's fully manifesting itself in our countries foreign policy. United States of America has had a very longstanding and unique and special relationship with the state of Israel. And today we're seeing their relationship start to crumble before our very eyes.GALLAGHER: Yes. You are exactly right. Erick, you have Iran and America both simultaneously criticizing Israel at the same time. And Texas Congressman Dan Crenshaw had the following to say and I thought it was instructive. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DAN CRENSHAW (D-TX): The only thing that has kept entities like Hezbollah and Iran from actually entering this war and making this the great war that they"ve always talked about to eradicate Israel is the threat that the U.S. will stop them. If you take that threat off the table that's a very, very dangerous path to go on and it eventually gets us into a war.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. And when you're being criticized from both sides of your Benjamin Netanyahu, you're like who"s going to have our back here at -- when this thing -- when push comes to shove which could happen soon?STAKELBACK: Yes, that's a problem. And the interesting thing, Trace, in terms of having Israel"s backs the nations that are most concerned about the Iranian threat besides Israel of course are the Sunni Arab nations like Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Jordan, the Gulf States. They know the threat that this Iranian axis poses. They"ve been pressing the Biden administration behind the scenes constantly to do something about it to have more of a show of force.It doesn't even have to be military force, Trace. Just be firm in your public statements. Optics are everything in the Middle East and right now the Biden administration is failing the test.GALLAGHER: Yes, the optics are terrible. I mean that's what the whole thing is is that regardless of what your back-room policy is the forward optics have got to be strong and right now they"re not. The telegraph writes the following here, Elizabeth. How it became fashionable for the left to hate Israel despite its model of tolerance. Going on to say the murder of George Floyd in 2020 and the rise of the Black Lives Matter movement also created fertile ground for a resurgence of anti-Israel sentiment.Amid all the talk of white supremacy and colonialism we had people basically making out that Israel was an outpost of the British Empire. It was a turning point and that resonated with students. I mean this is truly hatred fueled by ignorance.PIPKO: It is and the problem is that what they believe is criticism or fair criticism of the Israeli government is actually just blatant anti-Semitism. We've seen it on our college campuses on our streets. We see it everywhere today and the problem here, Trace, is that when you look at history anytime a country is overwhelmed by anti-Semitism like our country is right now. It's a precursor for much greater challenges.I've said it on the show how many times. Anti-Semitism never arrives on its own. It's merely a symptom of a greater problem and often a very fractured society and I hope not just Jewish Americans but all Americans are paying attention right now and thinking about that.GALLAGHER: I think a lot more people are paying attention right now than they were 2-1/2 hours ago and maybe that's a good thing. Elizabeth Pipko, Erick Staklebeck, thank you both. Meantime, former President Trump back on the campaign trail where he tried to clarify his abortion policy after Arizona's controversial new ban on the procedure. Meantime his interaction with a black supporter at a Chick-fil-A now going viral when she called out the media and set the record straight on black voters.Ashley Strohmier is live with that part of the story. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. President Trump was back in the battleground state of Georgia today. The same state where he is facing charges for interference and the 2020 presidential election. But some voters there seemed unfazed by those allegations including this black woman whose interaction with the former president went viral. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't care what the medial tells you, Mr. Trump, we support you.DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Come here. Let me give you a hug.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: So, that moment is campaign gold for the Trump staff that likely wants more focus on what they believe to be winning issues like immigration, crime and the economy and then less focus on his recent abortion comments that angered both Democrats and Republicans but for different reasons.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The states will determine by vote or legislation or perhaps both and whatever they decide must be the law of the land. In this case the law of the state. Many states will be different, many will have a different number of weeks or some will have more conservative than others. This is all about the will of the people.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Trump weighed in on the issue again today after the Supreme Court in Arizona upheld a civil war era ban on abortions that doesn't make exemptions in cases of rape and incest saying that the court went too far.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: That'll be straightened out, and as you know it's all about states" rights. And I'm sure that the governor and everybody else will bring it back into reason and that will be taken care of rightly very quickly.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: And Trace, tonight Trump is back in his home state of Florida for a fundraiser where he's expected to rake in millions of dollars for his campaign. Back to you.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier live for us in New York, Ashley. Thank you. Let's bring in Axiom Strategies Aaron Perrini along with RNC surrogate and attorney Mehek Cooke. Thank you both for coming on. Here's a bit more of that viral moment, the former president at Chick-fil-A. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't care what the medial tells you, Mr. Trump, we support you.TRUMP: We love you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK. 4:00 p.m. We're doing 4:00 p.m.TRUMP: Come here. Let me give you a hug.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: She's not just talking because I'm going to put these numbers back up here. This is the Biden coalition 2024 versus 2020, Erin Perrine and I'll get your thoughts on this. In 2020 Biden took 91 percent of the young black vote. In 2024 it is now down to 68 percent. So that was a hug. It was a viral moment, but it's significant because it's got numbers to back it up.ERIN PERRINE, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST: Absolutely. There's been a precipitous drop in black support and definitely in black youth support for Democrats because Democrats have played politics. Historically speaking, black voters largely support Democrats. However, you haven't seen them deliver on those policies. At the end of the day black voters are the same as every other American.They care about the economy, they care about safety, they care about immigration, the way everybody else does. And so, they say to themselves, man, Democrats are trying to play political games by doing things like naming Kamala Harris to be V.P. or moving South Carolina up on the primary map instead of delivering policy proposals that are actually making my life better. People are realizing that, they"re recognizing it and that's why their votes are moving.GALLAGHER: You talk about policies and proposals, Mehek Cooke, to you now because Ron Klain, the former chief of staff was quoted by Politico saying, "I think the president is out there too much talking about bridges. He does two or three events a week where he's cutting a ribbon on a bridge. You go to the grocery store and you know eggs and milk are expensive. I mean, I'm not sure he's any better talking about eggs and milk than bridges because eggs and milk keep getting more expensive."MEHEK COOKE, ATTORNEY: Trace, you're right. We saw in March inflation went up another 3.5 percent. And Biden really can't talk about egg prices and groceries and gasoline because he's so out of touch. He's either in his basement or he's threatening to sign an executive order to actually protect our southern border. But I don't see him actually doing anything to help the American people. If he did, the first thing he would do is unleash American oil and independence, allow for drilling and fracking on American lands, stop our reliance on foreign lands, Saudi Arabia and all of our enemies today. But he's not going to.He's going to continue to let our economy tank because he wants us to depend on government and Americans are turning their back faster on Joe Biden than ever before.GALLAGHER: Interesting that Mehek brings up the security at the southern border, Erin, because Biden was talking to Univision and he was asked about executive action on the border and he said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We're examining whether or not I have that power. I would have that power into the legislation when the border has over 500,000 people -- 5,000 people a day. There's no -- there's no guarantee that I have that power all by myself without legislation.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: One, I'm not sure he knows what power he has and what power he doesn't have if you listen to that interview, but he really has no idea. He did this. He did this, Erin. He did this. He turned it all off on day one in office and he could turn it all back on again, but he won't.PERRINE: That's correct, Trace. He won't turn it back on and it's very funny to hear Joe Biden talk about what authority he does or does not have. When it has not stopped him from taking executive overreach to new heights in his administration, he has no problem canceling student loan debt for millions of Americans, even though he's been told he does not have the authority to do so.But action that could be taken to help secure the southern border, he does not do because it's not politically advantageous for him. I don't see Joe Biden taking any action on the southern border until after his major portion of his primary season is done. While he is clearly the Democratic nominee, he clearly has a base issue as well when it comes to Democratic voters. And until he can shore that up and not anger them more by making moves to secure the southern border, which is clear Democrats don't want to do. He will continue to throw these out there as ideas, but never actually deliver on it.GALLAGHER: Mehek, we've got -- we've got Kari Lake coming on right after you. I just want to ask you if you think that the Arizona abortion decision puts the former president in a bind.COOKE: Look, I think that this is a tough decision in Arizona, but President Trump said it best. I think the fact that he's been in the middle he's upsetting pro-life movement that is saying that he wasn't strong enough, and he's upsetting Democrats that want a universal ban. But we have to remember, President Trump promised that he was going to deliver Roe v. Wade, so we had authority back in our states, and it needs to be the will of the people.The states need to sort this out. It's a state's issue. We live in a republic today. We don't want Congress unilaterally pushing laws. Tomorrow they could say abortion on demand at will any time. That's not where we want to be today. We want this decision closest to the people. I think Arizona will be able to figure this out.GALLAGHER: Mehek Cooke, Erin Perrine, thank you both. Now let's bring in Republican Senate candidate Kari Lake for more on Arizona's abortion ban. Kari, it's great to see you on the show, as always. The former president was asked about the Arizona abortion decision, and he said this and then we'll get your comments.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did Arizona go too far?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did Arizona go too far?TRUMP: Yes, they did and that'll be straightened out and as you know it's all about states" rights. That'll be straightened and I'm sure that the governor and everybody else will bring it back into reason and that will be taken care of rightly very quickly.(END VIDEO CLIP)QUEST: Kind of hard to hear there, Kari, but what he was in essence saying is that he thinks that Arizona is going to straighten this out. So, I just -- I want to ask you so that we're clear here, you agree with the former president and you disagree with the Arizona ruling. Is that a fair assessment?KARI LAKE (R-AZ) U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE: Absolutely. And I -- and I also agree that it will get straightened out. The -- I know that lawmakers are working on it. I've been talking to them today. It's going to take a little bit of time to bring people together and get this all worked out. You know, I'm unapologetically pro-life, but I am also a realist, and I understand that I don't get to dictate my beliefs on the people of Arizona.This is an issue that is sensitive. It's very personal and it's very private. And we need to have the people of Arizona have made it clear that they want access to safe abortion. And we are going to make sure that that happens. And so, we're going to make sure that the people in Arizona have access. And we'll find out how this all works out in the coming days, but I believe that lawmakers will come up with a plan that provides some access with exceptions, obviously, for rape, incest, and the life of a mother.I do not believe, however in a federal ban and I would never as U.S. Senator, which is what I'm running for, vote for a federal ban on abortion.GALLAGHER: Yes. And clear this up for me, if you will, Kari, because you've gotten some pushback in the media over the past couple of days because you have previously called, you just said you are -- you're pro-life. You have said in previous interviews that abortion is "the ultimate sin." And now you don't want to really push your beliefs on people. You think there's a happy medium.LAKE: Well, what I think is going to happen is we are going to, since Roe v. Wade was ruled unconstitutional. We're going to have 50 different state laws, and we're going to have to deal with that. One state might have a more restrictive abortion rights and laws, and one might have up to nine months, like our Democrat extremists are pushing for. So, what we need to do, Trace, as Republicans and, frankly, as common-sense Americans, is work around ways to try to help women so that when they"re faced with a pregnancy, if they"re anxious about that, they -- an unwanted pregnancy, that we can talk to them and show them that there are options.Whether it be financial help if they need it, adoptive services, so that they"re going in -- not going into an abortion clinic and only having one choice that they know there is help out there. And that's where we need to be better. That's what I vow to do in the U.S. Senate. Make sure we're giving women true options so that they have the ability to be a mother if they choose to do that, and they can make a better decision.GALLAGHER: Yes. Kari Lake, thank you for coming on the show as always. We appreciate your time.LAKE: Thank you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Well, coming up. A top journalist at National Public Radio is now accusing NPR of having a left-wing bias. And the liberal Los Angeles Times says the reason you don't like the Biden economy is all in your mind. Common Sense department has thoughts about that.And later in The Nightcap, a new -- a new debate is taking over the music scene. Do you sit or do you stand at a concert? Some say if they buy a seat, they are going to use it. Others say standing is part of the whole experience, even if it bugs the person behind you, in front of you. Are you a sitter or a stander and why? Let us know, X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in The Nightcap.Meantime, it is 8:19 live here on the West Coast. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Trip Across America. A live look at Oakland, California where Governor Newsom deployed hundreds of surveillance cameras to help fight rampant crime. A lot of people scream in Big Brother on this one. Next, St. Louis, Missouri, home to the first-ever Panera bread, where they don't have to pay their employees more in California because they sell bread.Finally, a live look at Stroudsburg, P.A. located in the heart of the beautiful Pocono Mountains. And if you cannot join us live, do not forget to set your DVR and watch us anytime. We are coming right with Joe Concha, Houman Hemmati.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While the whistleblower at National Public Radio says the coverage of major news stories over the last few years like the Hunter Biden has been riddled with a left-wing bias aimed at damaging Donald Trump. Matt Finn is live with that story. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, Uri Berliner is an award-winning senior editor at NPR Radio, and he just wrote a piece in the free press titled, I've been at NPR for 25 years. Here's how we lost America's trust. Berliner says NPR always had a liberal bent, but it was around the time of former President Trump"s election in 2016 that NPR really started to go off the rails.Writing "what began as a tough, straightforward coverage of a belligerent, truth-impaired president veered towards efforts to damage or topple Trump"s presidency. At NPR, we hitched our wagon to Trump"s most visible antagonist, Representative Adam Schiff."Berliner says during the Russiagate investigation, Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff was on NPR 25 times, alluding to alleged evidence of Trump collusion, but none was found, and NPR was never held accountable. Another example, NPR managing editor, Terence Samuel initially shot down the Hunter Biden laptop story, claiming it was a waste of listeners and readers" time, but later, the laptop story was confirmed and Samuel was even promoted.And in the coverage of the killing of George Floyd, Berliner writes, the message from the top was that America was absolutely racist, and that NPR was part of the problem. And NPR spokesperson responded to Berliner"s rather scathing article saying NPR is proud to be one of the most trusted news outlets. But acknowledging its open-to-critique, writing in part, we have an obligation to more rigorously consider and measure how our coverage fulfills our public service to all audience.Now, Berliner says NPR just hired a new CEO, Katherine Marr, she has a tech background, not news. He says her first rule should be not to tell people how to think, Trace.GALLAGHER: That's a good rule, Matt. Thank you. Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense Department is always fascinated after reading the Los Angeles Times because the Times conjures the most compelling characters in its fictional world of news, including today"s op-ed saying that President Biden is getting little credit for the economy, especially in California. The piece goes on to blame psychology.Saying consumers pay more attention to the extra money they have to spend than the extra money in their paychecks. Does the L.A. Times read its financial page? Does the L.A. Times have a financial page? Does it know that inflation is far outpacing wage gains? Milk is up 20 percent, bread, up 30 percent eggs, 50 percent up. And gas in California is up 71 percent since Biden took office. And the L.A. Times is blaming psychology?Is the Times covering some mystical California secret world where the Hobbits are getting a 71 percent pay raise to pay the gas? Is Biden the Bilbo Baggins of this world? Where it's only a matter of time before his magic elixir saves the day? Even the L.A. Times acknowledges the psychological impact on Californians might be more significant because prices are so high to begin with.And it doesn't help that the unemployment rate is the highest in the country. Common Sense thinks the L.A. Times should give a good riddance goodbye to Bilbo and a healthy hello to Frodo.Let's bring in board certified medical doctor, Houman Hemmati. We'll talk more about that. I want to go back to the NPR thing because I think this is fascinating. Literally a top journalist. Whistleblower saying, you know what? We've been leaning left for a lot of time. It says, about the lab leak theory that we have talked so much about. "The lab leak theory came in for a rough treatment almost immediately dismissed as racist or right-wing conspiracy theory.Anthony Fauci and former NIH head Francis Collins representing the public health establishment were its most notable critics. And that was enough for NPR." You were saying you used to listen to NPR back in the day, back in your medical school days. But you think, wow, in the past seven, eight years, it has moved from basically left to way left.DR. HOUMAN HEMMATI, BOARD CERTIFIED M.D.: And that's the problem trace that health shouldn't be politicized. Science shouldn't be politicized. It's OK for any news outlet to have some kind of editorial slant. That's fine. But when it comes to actual facts and twisting of facts, rather than just avoiding certain things, that's where they got it wrong. And when they took something like the lab leak hypothesis and failed to even acknowledge that a theory or hypothesis that is actually valid may exist, it allowed people to go down a very different rabbit hole and cause people to waste time, and ultimately not really get down to the bottom of where the pandemic came from. And that's something we can't ever afford to happen again.GALLAGHER: Yes, and staying with the NPR thing very quickly, because I know you know California politics better than most people, it going on the headline, I've been at NPR for 25 years, here's how we lost America's trust. It goes on to say, "Adam Schiff, who was the top Democrat on the House Intel Committee, became NPR"s guiding hand. It's ever-present muse. By my count, NPR host interviewed Schiff 25 times about Trump and Russia. During many of those conversations, Schiff alluded to purported evidence of collusion. The Schiff talking points became the drumbeat of NPR news reports." He, of course, is now California congressman that is running for Dianne Feinstein's old seat and might likely get this seat and yet you talk to voters and they have no idea that Adam Schiff was twisting the facts for years about Russian collusion.HEMMATI: So, that's why Trace, on the part of NPR, this is journalistic malpractice, right? They have a duty not just to report one side but to: A. verify those facts; and B. to give any other opinions some, some voice and they didn't do that. They, if you're an NPR listener, you were hearing just one side of things. You were hearing unfact-checked information from that one side. And it led people to believe things that were absolutely false because they just didn't know any better. That was a common theme throughout the pandemic as well as throughout our recent political history.GALLAGHER: Yes, and you look at New York Times, and CNN, and MSNBC, and the Washington Post, and it was the same narrative, the very same narrative. And you think, hmm, they all kind of bit on the same hook. And you think, why did that happen? Meantime, the Secretary of Education was asked a question today, and it's a pretty simple question, pretty tough answer, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Would you agree that women are physically different than men?MIGUEL CARDONA, EDUCATION SECRETARY: Dr. Harris, I know where you're going with this. I would love to talk about how we can work together to support this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you, Mr. Secretary, do you agree that women are physically, biological women are different from biological men physically.CARDONA: I think --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a simple question for an educator. You're not going to answer. OK.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: He's not going to answer. I mean, it's, it's unbelievable. We have gotten to this point where in Congress that's what it is, is they won't answer. They won't answer, they know the answer, they know the answer is obvious, but they won't answer and you wonder why? Is it because you're afraid of alienating people? You're afraid of alienating a certain segment of the population, what's your take?HEMMATI: I don't think it's even that, Trace. I think the problem is, as many of us have been saying for four years now, it's when you politicize biology, when you politicize health, politicize fact, all of a sudden you start doing things that make absolutely no sense. And they don't even know why anymore at this point. It's easy for the Secretary to just answer that question without offending anyone. That's, you know, what people believe they are in terms of their identity has nothing to do with biological fact. In fact, they"re saying that that biological fact to them is meaningless psychologically because they believe something else and that's fine, but it doesn't change the fact that there is, you know, a biologic basis to people's physiology.GALLAGHER: Right, you're exactly right. Dr. Houman Hemmati, great to have you on as always. Meantime, some of the women behind the World War II character, Rosie, the Riveter, now being recognized for their service to the country. Here is the senior congressional correspondent, Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Rosie, Rosie, Rosie, working on assembly line.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She's making history, working for victory. Rosie, the Riveter.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: View World War II images endure like Rosie, the Riveter.MARGARET GRUN KIBBEN, HOUSE CHAPLAIN: In the iconic picture of the muscular bandana, we celebrate that in you there is nothing we can't do.PERGRAM: Six million women pressed into service.JACKIE SPEIER (D), FORMER CALIFORNIA REPRESENTATIVE: They were housewives, they were mothers turned war heroes.PERGRAM: They weren't in the military. They welded in shipyards. Assembled B-17s. And built bombs. While American men fought overseas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Here, 1,800 women are employed, and they have to be mechanics. War aviation production gets the feminine touch.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): These are the invisible warriors here on the home front.PERGRAM: On the same day President Biden greeted the leader of America's World War II adversary, Japan, at the White House, lawmakers bestowed their highest civilian honor on 24 surviving Rosies, the Congressional Gold Medal. 98-year-old, May Krier of Bucks County, Pennsylvania is one of the oldest Rosies still living.MAE KRIER, ROSIE THE RIVETER: Up until 1941, it was a man's world. They didn't know how capable us women were, did they?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: As we might say in Brooklyn, the Rosies got it going on.PERGRAM: Crier left the Capitol crowd with sage advice.KRIER: My last thought is, remember these four little words, "we can do it."PERGRAM: And in the case of the Rosies, not only can they do it, but they didn't.On Capitol Hill, Chad Pergram, Fox News.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Chad, nicely done. Coming up, an 11-year-old student wanted to start her own prayer club at her elementary school in Washington State, but she was denied, which is odd considering the school already has an LGBTQIA- plus pride club and a green club among others. The fifth grader joins us live next.And still ahead, watch as this woman reaches new heights by climbing the Eiffel Tower and a bride runs off with a man who is not her husband and leaves the guest somewhat puzzled. Today"s best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next. But first a live look Manitowoc, Wisconsin. Did you know Wisconsin is home to the first ever ice cream sundae, who knew?We're coming right back with a story you need to hear. An 11-year-old girl tried to start a religion group in her elementary school and they said no - - next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, a new front in the war on religion in Washington state. A fifth-grade student wanted to start an interfaith prayer club at her elementary school and was promptly denied. But one week prior, the school did grant permission for a pride club. Let's bring in Laura who"s in fifth grade and First Liberty attorney, Kayla Toney, thank you both for coming on. We very much appreciate this. Laura, to you first, I mean you're very brave coming on the show and we really appreciate it. I want to know in your words why did you want to start this prayer club, this faith club at your school in the first place?LAURA, CREEKSIDE ELEMENTARY STUDENT: I wanted to start it because I felt kind of alone in the classroom and really just at school, and so I felt and I realized I had some friends and I knew some other people that felt the same way. And so, I talked to them and I was just like, you know what, it would be a great idea to make a club where people could come together and do good in the community. And so, that's kind of, that was kind of the idea of my faith and interfaith prayer club.GALLAGHER: And it's interesting, Laura, because I also, I mean, I heard, I read this, and maybe you can correct me, you said that everybody was welcome. Every grade level, everybody was welcome in this faith group.LAURA: Yes, anyone who would want to go, anyone who would feel like they just wanted to feel welcome.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's a great group. It sounds like a great club. Kayla, to you now, it seems to me like this is pretty basic First Amendment stuff. Am I wrong?KAYLA TONEY, FIRST LIBERTY ATTORNEY: You're not wrong. The First Amendment is clear. The Free Speech Clause and the Free Exercise Clause both protect Laura's ability to pray, to speak about her faith, to gather with other religious students. And the law is clear -- if the school allows at least one non-curricular club, no matter what the club is about, it has to allow a religious club. And it is actually viewpoint discrimination to deny a religious club just because it's religious.GALLAGHER: I want to put this up because this is Creekside Elementary. Here's what their spokesperson said, in part, quoting here, "Once the school year begins, the building budget is set and additional clubs are usually not added until the following school year." Kayla, they"re saying, oh, we just didn't have the money to add this group? Was Laura asking for money?TONEY: Not at all. She even offered to do fundraisers, if necessary. And the Pride Club, again, had started just the week before, and the Marimba Club is due to start here pretty soon as well. So, that excuse definitely did not make sense.GALLAGHER: And I wonder, Laura, when they finally said, no, you can't do this, did they tell you personally or did they tell, did somebody else have to tell you? Did they -- were they forthright and set and explain to you why they did not want to do this?LAURA: Well, she kind of told me no when I had a meeting with her, but it wasn't very clear why, and it didn't, it just didn't really make sense.GALLAGHER: Yes, it seems like it didn't make sense. And the other thing, Kayla, is that if you're going to say no, shouldn't you gather the parents and other people together and say, listen, here's the reason we're making this decision, because you know it's going to get some notoriety. They"re only a few miles from Bremerton, where the football coach won the decision at the highest court.TONEY: Exactly. And I'm so glad you mentioned that, because the Supreme Court made it very clear that the First Amendment protects students and employees" freedom and ability to live out their faith publicly, to pray, to exercise their faith. It's not something we have to hide as Americans because we have the strong protections of the First Amendment.GALLAGHER: And lastly to you Laura, I just want to know are you giving up? Are you going to keep fighting to make sure that this school has a prayer club and maybe your junior high school. And as you go on and on, is this something that you're passionate about? Is this something you think should happen at your school?LAURA: I think that this is something that I'm very passionate about. I wouldn't be here if I didn't really want to make this happen, if I didn't think that it would be a great opportunity for everyone.GALLAGHER: Yes, you are going to be changing lives. Laura, thank you so much for coming on. Best of luck to you. Keep us up to speed on what's happening, because we are going to follow this, and we are going to be at your first prayer on the sidelines of your first prayer gathering. Kayla Toney, Laura, thank you so much. Best of luck to you.TONEY: Thank you.GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", a French woman broke the world record for rope climbing 361 feet above the ground up to the second floor of the Eiffel Tower in about 18 minutes. She trained for more than a year to break the record and is now using it as an opportunity to raise money for cancer prevention and support.And how about this breaking news? It's getting hot in Iceland. Check out this spectacular drone footage that captured a volcanic eruption on Iceland"s Reykjanes Peninsula. This area has seen an increase in volcanic activity since late 2023.And a bride was having so much fun at her wedding she walked out with the wrong groom. Not to worry, she caught her mistake when several guests informed her that's the wrong guy. And then she ran back in to get the actual groom. Not sure how somebody exits with the wrong spouse. Maybe it's a Freudian slip? Not quite sure. We're going to find out.If you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.And coming up, sit down already. Should you stand or sit when you go to a concert? Is it rude to do either? Let us know, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses. Coming up in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Dr. Houman Hemmati, and Elizabeth Pipko. Tonight's topic, concert courtesy. There's apparently a new debate online that is going viral. Sitting versus standing during concerts. Some say, if they buy a seat, they are using the seat. Others think standing is part of the experience. But what do you do if the crowd is a mix of standers and sitters? What do you think? Let's start with Matt Finn. Often concert goer, Matt Finn.FINN: You know what, actually I just was at a country concert in Phoenix a couple weeks ago and I did not have a seat at all. And I was looking for one because after a while you kind of get sick of standing forever. I think if you pay for a seat though, you can do whatever you want.GALLAGHER: Right.FINN: Sit, stand, it's up to you.GALLAGHER: What about the guy in front of you or the guy behind you?FINN: It's up to them as well what do they want to do?GALLAGHER: They have to stand up. But if you stand up, I have to stand up.FINN: Well, that's just how it goes in a concert, right?GALLAGHER: OK, Kevin Corke.FINN: Well, you're a tall guy, you answer.GALLAGHER: I'm not as tall as you, Matt Finn.CORKE: I kind of agree with Matt. Listen, if you're at a concert, you should expect that you're probably going to have to stand, at least for part of it. And if that happens, you just go with the flow.GALLAGHER: Go with the flow. Dr. Houman Hemmati.HEMMATI: I like to sit when it's, you know, the basic regular part of the concert and then stand if there's a, you know, particular part where it warrants it. So, I have a hack for this, by the way, because I do understand that people deserve to stand. So, what I do is I always get the front row in the nosebleeds. So, this way there's no one in front of me, but I'm also not paying what you'd pay for front row down the bottom?GALLAGHER: Ah, Elizabeth Pipko.PIPKO: So, my mom is actually a concert pianist, the best in the world by the way, and if I stood and cheered at one of her shows, I'd probably be in a lot of trouble. However, if you find me at like a Fallout Boys show and you're sitting behind me, I am very sorry, but you should know what you signed up for.GALLAGHER: I always told the same thing, if you go to the L.A. Phil and you stand up, they walk you out. If you go to Taylor Swift and you don't stand up, they walk you out. Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: Yes, you know, I think it just depends on the type of concert you're at. I mean, if people are sitting, the most people -- I do think if you're sitting at a concert, then you just know that you're going to be blocked, no matter where you are, unless you're in the front, or like he said, in the nosebleeds, you're going to know you're going to get blocked. So, I mean, most people stand, but I think it just depends on where you're at.GALLAGHER: Here's the poll: is standing up a concert rude? Yes, 66 percent; on Instagram, 57 percent.Kira says, "I say standing because if I wanted to sit, I would go to a movie, not a concert."HELF, "If I buy a seat, I want to sit. Yes, it's rude to spoil others" experience. If you want to stand, buy a general admission ticket."Ken, "If it's rocking, I'm standing. If it stinks, take a nap." OK.Sean Smith, "I'm a go with the flow."I got a go with the flow. Thank you for watching. We'll see you tomorrow.