SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.And tonight, more vile displays of hatred and extremism at far-left protests all across the country. And meanwhile, more and more embarrassing moments for your President Joe.Plus, Adam Schiff robbed in northern California? Well, now, making him the latest California Democrat to become a victim of his party's own soft on crime policies. How's that no bail, defund, dismantle, reimagine the police thing working out? Not good for the American people at all.But we begin in New York. While President Trump spends yet another day in court, missing his wife Melania's birthday, well, Joe Biden is shuffling around the city without a care in the world. Last night attending a glitzy fundraiser, mixing it up, you know, mixing up a date that is near and dear to his heart, telling the crowd, quote, we certainly never forget the dark days of June 6th.June 6th? Really? Did Biden eventually correct himself? Anyway, he -- apparently he did.Meanwhile, today, incredible news, Biden actually sat down for an interview but sadly hard-hitting questions were off the table. Biden joined former shock jock turned -- well, he says it himself, proudly woke Democrat, Howard Stern, on his radio show, where Biden dusted off a lot of his favorite tall tales. We call them lies.Now, first, he bragged about his time as a civil rights icon and an arrest that actually never happened. Listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLI)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He said, Joey, let me have -- remember -- true story here, he said, remember when they were desegregating Lynnfield the neighborhood, there was, you know, 70 homes built at one suburban, and I told -- and there was a Black family moving in and there was people were down there protesting, I told you not to go down there and you went down, remember that? And you came -- got arrested by standing on the -- on the porch with a Black family.HOWARD STERN, HOST: Right.BIDEN: And they brought you back, the police. I said, yeah, mom, I remember that.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, first of all, the story isn't true.Howard, you really supporting this mumbling, bumbling, stumbling guy?But anyway, instead, here is the truth. As a young senator, Biden worked with his mentor and, of course, his friend, a segregationist and palled around with racist and the former Klansman, Robert KKK Byrd, why? Together, they wanted to stop the integration of public schools and busing. And he didn't want kids to go to schools in his words, they -- that they would grow up in a racial jungle. That's what Joe Biden said, that is the truth.But Joe didn't stop there in this interview. Listen to this bizarre story about all of the women, according to Biden, would hand him racy photographs. Take a listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)BIDEN: I got put in that most eligible bachelor's list --STERN: Because you were United States senator, you were a catch, yeah.BIDEN: And so, and a lot of lovely women, but women would send very salacious pictures and I just give them to the Secret Service.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, again, that story is likely not true you see Biden didn't have Secret Service protection as a senator.And that's not all, at one point during the Stern interview, well, Joe Biden, well, he turned to violence -- openly, openly fantasizing about a physical confrontation with Donald Trump which he's done in the past.Listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)BIDEN: For example, you know, I mean Trump makes fun of me.STERN: Right.BIDEN: I -- he was the kind of guy in the neighborhood I wish he could have gotten in the neighborhood and meet head to head.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: Wow, go head to-head, tough guy Joe Biden.He -- this guy has a hard enough time with the stairs of Air Force One, he can't use the big boy stairs, you see him going up the back ramp, the little boy stairs. So he might want to sit this fight out.Now, of course, he will have a chance to square off against Donald Trump head-to-head in a debate, but remember tough guy Joe, he fell three times once going up the big boy stairs and then when he got up there his spokespeople said, oh, it was very windy outside, I felt the wind myself, that's probably why Joe was tripping and falling all over himself self.Anyway, there are typically three debates in any presidential election. I'm glad this came up on the show and he told Howard Stern that he's happy to debate Trump he just doesn't know when. Well, we'll believe it when we see it.At least one good thing did come out of that interview if that debate happens, but even Biden's closest allies seem to think that the president is just not capable of debating Trump. Remember, he couldn't even do the Super Bowl interview. It is no secret that Joe Biden is not doing well mentally or physically, and I'm sure that if he does have a debate, they'll just jack him up with Red Bull or caffeine or whatever he took before the State of the Union, that's when we saw jacked up Joe.Now, clearly, the White House is trying to hide what is obvious. According to a report from "Axios", Biden changed his walking routine from Marine One, quote, instead of walking across the south lawn to and from Marine One by himself, he's now often surrounded by aides. They go on, quote, with aides walking between Biden and journalist's camera position outside the White House, the visual effect is to draw less attention to the 81-year- old's halting and stiff gait.Now, right on cue, this afternoon, Biden was seen walking back from Marine One surrounded by staffers who are trying to hide his every step. Our very own Jimmy Failla was on the scene today at the White House covering the upcoming White House correspondence dinner he'll weigh in straight ahead tonight.But just to keep track, Biden can't answer questions from reporters without his staffers telling him who to call on. He can't answer those questions without statements written down by staffers on giant no cards. He can't give a speech that wasn't written by a staffer and put into a giant teleprompter with massive font by his staffers. And by the way, even then it's a struggle.Remember this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Folks, imagine what we can do next. Four more years, pause --(CHANTING)BIDEN: Are you ready?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Four more years, pause, but then the White House transcript had inaudible for pause. They didn't want the truth to get out.Anyway, he can't even walk without the help from his trusty staff. Why even have a president if he's incapable of doing anything?Look at Gallup's numbers. Biden's approval rating now at a historic low, 38 percent. We showed you swing state numbers last night, Trump winning six out of seven. Now it could go even lower in the case of Joe Biden if the disruptive anti-American, anti-Israel protests continue to disrupt colleges and cities nationwide and he refuses to deal with it.At George Washington University, in our nation's capital, one so-called protester carrying a sign echoing Adolf Hitler's final solution. That's how Nazis referred to the Holocaust and what is -- what does death to Israel and death to America mean anyway?And back in New York, a Columbia University protest leader now expressing regret after getting caught calling for the murder of Zionist, that means, oh, let's kill the Jews. Again, when people tell you who they are, and what they plan to do, believe them.Here with reaction, RNC co-chair Lara Trump is with us.Thank you, Lara.LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: Hey, Sean. Great to be with you.HANNITY: By the way, four more years, pause, any reaction?L. TRUMP: Well, first of all, it was the most staged thing I've ever seen. Clearly, they had the pause in there because they told the audience as soon as he says four more years, you guys jump in. That's what they do at Trump rallies except at Trump rallies, Sean, it's authentic. We don't manufacture anything like this.When Donald Trump visits a bodega in Harlem, that's not manufactured either. Whenever he visits a Chick-fil-A in Atlanta, not manufactured.When Joe Biden tries to attempt the same thing out of sheets and has crickets around him, nobody excited, and the entire thing staged, it is so phony. But that's the president of the United States and I got to tell you, it's great to run against someone like Joe Biden because he makes the job for our campaign and the RNC much easier every single day.It is a sad state of affairs though that that guy is the leader of the free world, the commander-in-chief and the person sitting at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.HANNITY: Okay, so they have to change his walking routine to get onto Marine One. He can't use the big boy stairs any longer to get on Air Force One.And yet as he had said previously a while ago, but I want to take Donald Trump behind the gym. Meanwhile, he goes up the big boy stairs and they say the wind blew him over three times on one trip up the stairs. This -- you could -- I guess you could just blow in the wind and he'd fall down.L. TRUMP: Could you -- Sean, could you imagine if there were actually a physical altercation between Joe Biden and Donald Trump? This guy already knows what would happen. It's preposterous.This whole thing is crazy. I am glad today we got the information because I'll tell you, the RNC and the campaign, we've asked every single day when are we going to set up the debates. I'm glad to know Joe Biden is ready to debate as Donald Trump has said multiple times and I think he said today, anytime, anywhere, anyway, he's ready to go.Donald Trump would do it right now today, so we want to send that message out there to the Biden campaign thank you for accepting. It's very good for America. We need these two men on a stage, Sean.HANNITY: His polling Gallup, a new low, 38 percent. We had the Bloomberg poll this week, he's winning in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, Nevada. This is while your father-in-law is literally sitting in a courtroom that has a judge that happened to donate to Biden in 2020, who has accusations of family, let's say, ties that are inappropriate that would create a conflict and the reason for recusal.We know that in fact these were misdemeanors the statute of limitations run out, and a judge is forcing him to be there every day, and he can't be out on the campaign trail, and I'm pretty convinced if the left had their way, they would keep your father-in-law off the campaign trail for the next 192 days if they could and not run any campaign. Your reaction?L. TRUMP: Yeah, and it's -- well, it's amazing, Sean, that, you're exactly right. That is what this is designed to do. It's designed to give Joe Biden an advantage to let Joe Biden go out and campaign, and you got to put that in air quotes because it's a sad showing whenever he goes out on the campaign trail. And of course keep Donald Trump stuck there in a Manhattan courtroom.And why is it that they're doing that? They're doing it, Sean, as a distraction because the truth is too hard for the Biden camp to deal with. The truth is that they don't have a single positive thing that they can point to from a policy perspective or otherwise that Joe Biden has been able to do for the people of this country in the three and a half years he's been in office. Everyone's life has gotten harder, everyone's life has gotten more expensive, we are less safe as a country, the entire world is destabilized. That's not a heck of a campaign platform to tout out there.So the best solution they could come up with is keep Donald Trump off the campaign trail. The amazing thing though is, Sean, it's spectacularly backfiring on them. We are raising around a million dollars every day at the campaign, that Donald Trump is sitting in that courtroom. DonaldJTrump.com, gop.com if you want to contribute.And we are encouraging people to get involved. You see the tactics they're using right now against Donald Trump. They are communist in nature. We can't leave anything to chance in this election. Protectthevote.com if you want to come volunteer to be part of our election integrity team.These things are vital because look at where we are right now and look at the date. We've got six months to go in this campaign cycle. You know they're going to pull out all the stops. This is not the end of what you'll see out of this clown show.HANNITY: All right. Lara Trump, thank you for being with us. We appreciate it.Joining us now, FOX news contributor Joe Concha, and our friend, former Congressman Jason Chaffetz.Jason, I start with you tonight. You know, your reaction to all of this. There's a lot on the table here.You know, the poll numbers are one thing but we still have 192 days to go. This issue about not having moral clarity in the war against radical terrorists, boy, that really scares me as bad as it is that he's letting in over 10 million unvetted illegal immigrants from some of our top geopolitical foes is bad enough, his economy is bad enough, but now you can't even say to your ally we support you winning your war on terror after October 7th?JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, the left has lurched so far out there to these radical progressives, people who believe, I -- you know, I used to believe when I first went to Congress that we were all fighting for the same thing and that we just had different ways of getting there. But I left there and I'm more convinced ever, we aren't actually fighting for the same things.You have too many people that don't believe that America -- in American exceptionalism that America is the greatest country on the face of the planet and the leader of that movement is Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. They allow people by the millions to come into our country. They aren't locking down the safety and security. They don't properly support our troops, and our veterans.They put illegally -- illegal aliens ahead of them and then we on the world stage, the world is more volatile. It was safe under Donald Trump. We weren't worried about things, we were signing peace accords in the Middle East, and under Joe Biden, there's war.So if people would just look at how good it was under Donald Trump and compare it to the feckless Joe Biden who can't even walk back and forth to a helicopter without that staff running behind him to make sure he doesn't fall and that it doesn't look bad, then you know, there's a contrast here. It's -- it's truly a choice election.HANNITY: Yeah, Joe Concha, the media in this country probably the big biggest campaign donors to the Biden campaign, of anybody, right?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR Yeah, the media and that includes fact checkers who have been on a basically a three-year spring break since Joe Biden came into office, and I got to talk about that Stern interview again, Sean, because that was just something to behold. I mean, of course, this kind of slobbering interview was, you know, we expected this from Howard Stern and I say this as a former fan, by the way, who used to like him back to his K Rock days, in the `90s, but he become patently insufferable, utterly pious and sometime around eight years ago when Donald Trump came into office, basically the beta male version of Joy Behar.We heard Howard today allow Biden to tell lie after lie after lie, all while rhetorically drooling all over him. I mean, if I cringed any harder listening to that, I might have become a fossil. And my favorite three moments today, by the way, Biden telling that tale that he was arrested alongside a Black family during the civil rights movement, that never happened. And an easy rule with Biden is when he starts to tell story and he says true story at the beginning of it, it probably ain't true.My second favorite was Biden who apparently was the David Hasselhoff of his day, he said that he saved six people from drowning as a lifeguard at a community swimming pool? Yeah, near drowning is that town pools are totally a common thing.Bt the all-time favorite part of this train wreck of an interview as you shared earlier was Biden insisting that women used to send him salacious pictures back in the `70s when he became a senator? I mean was sexting a thing landline in the `70s?HANNITY: Well, he was a very handsome guy, you know?CONCHA: Well, yeah, but I mean did these women take Polaroid selfies and mail the pictures to in envelopes to him. So, it's not that Biden is a pathological --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Maybe you're underestimating -- I mean, you know, he certainly wasn't the mental and physical messy is today but, you raised a good point and I brought it to the Secret Service? Oh, what? Did he walk over to the White House and just hand it to the Secret Service over there? More likely he probably forgot that he didn't have the Secret Service while he was in the Senate, that's my guess.CONCHA: Yeah, it was years later when he was vice president. Yeah, finally, he got the Secret Service, but yeah, senators aren't given Secret Service protection. So look, in the end, it's interviews with Jason Bateman, Howard Stern, Seth Meyers, these kind of softball -- I mean, forget softball, t-ball interviews are what we can expect from this president now until election day, because if he's asked a real question about his record on inflation, gas prices, crime, the border we all know what the answer is going to sound like either angry or incoherent or both.HANNITY: Last word, Jason?CHAFFETZ: No way Joe Biden debates. He forgot to ask the puppeteers if he could go out and debate, no way he does it. He cannot physically get through a debate. There's no way they're going to let him up there. And it's a shame, America --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: If he does debate -- if he does debate we will see jacked up Joe 2.0, whatever Red Bull he drank or caffeine pills that he took or whatever he might have taken, I promise you --CONCHA: (INAUDIBLE) sticks.HANNITY: -- they'll give it to him again.Anyway, thank you both. Joe and Jason, appreciate it.When we come back, well, the Trump witch hunt in New York continues. The House Judiciary Committee just released a report which alleges that Alvin Bragg's office allowed political motivations to quote infect their prosecution of Donald Trump. Congressman Jim Jordan of Ohio is straight ahead, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: All right. Today marked the eighth day of Trump's, quote, oh my gosh he made a bookkeeping error documents trial in New York and a new House Judiciary Committee report is saying well we've been telling you all along, radical Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg has allowed his political motivations and his promises as a candidate to drive the prosecution of Donald Trump. In this report, over 300 pages, the committee highlights the fact that Bragg used a novel legal theory, we've been telling you, to bootstrap these allegations as a felony. In New York, they'd be a misdemeanor and the statute of limitations had already passed.Here with more, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Jim Jordan.Mr. Chairman and Congressman, welcome back.An anatomy of a political prosecution, the Manhattan D.A.'s office vendetta against president Donald J. Trump.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah.HANNITY: Well, usually in a report when you get to 300-plus pages, you got a lot of information. Let's go through some of the fundamentals.JORDAN: Yeah, sure. Well, first of all, Alvin Bragg bragged about it -- I mean, bragged about the idea that he had sued President Trump or went after President Trump hundreds of times when he's campaigning.But once he gets in office, he realizes there's no real case here. He realizes what the Department of Justice realized when they didn't bring the case. What the Federal Elections Commission realized when they didn't bring the case, and even what his predecessor realized, Cy Vance at the Manhattan D.A., when he didn't bring the case.But he has a guy working for him who volunteered, assistant D.A. Mark Pomeranz, who was pushing this case, saying we got to go after Trump. He came to work for Alvin Bragg simply to go after Trump, and he's the one who persuades Alvin Bragg to do it, not while his assistant D.A., but only after he resigns, throws a temper tantrum, does a media blitz and most importantly writes a book where he lays it all out, how he was out to get the president from the get-go. That's what prompted Alvin Bragg that frankly and Donald Trump announcing that he was going to run for president, that's what prompted Alvin Bragg to bring this ridiculous case.HANNITY: And Pomeranz called it the zombie case because it was dead, gone and buried, and then the statute of limitations passed anyway.You talk about this as well. How is it -- wouldn't you consider the third highest ranking official if by Biden's DOJ to be a pretty prestigious job? You -- would you consider it that that to be? Okay --JORDAN: Sure is, sure is.HANNITY: Why did this guy move from that job to give opening arguments and work on this case in a D.A.'s office in the state of New York, why would you give up that big job?JORDAN: Same reason Pomeranz was willing to work for free. They had a vendetta. They had an agenda that go after President Trump. Colangelo from the Department of Justice goes to the D.A.'s office to go after President Trump, and -- excuse me, Mark Pomeranz does the same thing. It was all about getting Trump.In fact, these are the guys who said we can put Michael Cohen as our star witness. I mean, the one thing that probably bothers me most about this case right now is the fact that they put a gag order on President Trump, former president, current Republican nominee for president of the United States, likely going to be our next president, I certainly hope he is, he's not allowed to talk.But Michael Cohen is? You know, a convicted perjurer, a guy who came in front of Congress and lied six times in one congressional hearing, he's allowed to say whatever he wants, but President Trump's got a gag order by this judge, this obviously partisan judge whose daughter worked for every Democrat you can think of?This is -- this is what is so unfair. It's all driven by politics, the whole plan here is to keep Biden in the basement because he can't talk about anything, keep Biden in the basement and Trump on trial. That's what the Democrats are trying to do, that is their whole plan because they know that President Trump's going to win if they if he's out there unable to campaign, and that's why they're trying to keep him tied up.HANNITY: All right. So we have a Biden donor as the judge, with family members, you know, an accused family financial conflict, the statute of limitations on what were misdemeanor passes even Joe's weaponized DOJ, even they had passed on the federal charges that they're -- they're trying to use in this case which I don't think they even legally have a right to do. But yet they're throwing everything they've got up against the wall and it really comes down to a bookkeeping error, which would be a misdemeanor.In other words, they filed what was a non-disclosure agreement and labeled it as a business expense. Okay, is that -- is that and meanwhile by the way,, if you beat up cops in Times Square, you get released from jail and probably not charged by the same D.A.JORDAN: And even if it was -- yeah, and even if it was a bookkeeping error, it's a -- it's a misdemeanor. It's a 2-year statute of limitations for goodness sake. But no, no, they're going to use that and somehow say it dealt with campaign finance and election law, and the charge is really conspiracy to influence the 2016 election, conspiracy to impact the and it's funny because Jack Smith, his charge is conspiracy to obstruct an official proceeding regarding the 2020 election. I actually think the truth is this, Alvin Bragg and Jack Smith are the ones who are in a conspiracy and that conspiracy is to impact the 2024 presidential race. That's what's going on here.And again, I think -- I think the American people see it.HANNITY: Let me ask you, do we know in all these cases, New York, D.C., Fani Willis in Fulton County, Georgia, I don't know -- I have not heard anything bad about Florida, but when these D.A. show up at the Biden White House, do we know who they're meeting with? Do we know if there's collusion going on? I'd like to know who they're meeting with, who they're talking to. Are they strategizing together? Are they getting advice from or maybe they're just sharing a cup of coffee?JORDAN: Well, we've subpoenaed information regarding Fani Willis, particularly Nathan Wade, the number of trips he made to D.C. when he -- when he -- he -- it looks like he talked with the January 6 Committee, the White House counsel and the Biden DOJ. So we want to get all that information.So, yeah, I think -- I think this is one big effort, the conspiracy -- this is just I think a key point. Brag says it's a conspiracy about 2016 on President Trump. Jack Smith says 2020, but the real conspiracy is Bragg, Jack Smith, Fani Willis all these Democrats conspiring to impact the 2024 race. That's what's going on and again I think the American people see it plain and clear.HANNITY: The anatomy of a political prosecution, the Manhattan district attorney's office vendetta against President Donald J. Trump, all 300 plus pages of it are on hannity.com. Jim Jordan, thank you. Appreciate your time.When we come back, yes, the congenital liar Adam Schiff, California congressman, the guy that wants to be a senator, well, allegedly now robbed in San Francisco, forcing him to attend a campaign dinner without a suit. We'll check in with the great Judge Jeanine Pirro, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Lawlessness in liberal cities, blue states, it is spiraling out of control. Now congressman and Senate candidate Adam Schiff was reportedly robbed in San Francisco last night on his way to a ritzy campaign dinner, leaving him to attend the event anyway reportedly without his suit.Anyway, meanwhile, in a wild video, the mayor of San Jose's security guard was assaulted during an on camera interview. Take a look at this. This is amazing.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: I urge everybody, please learn some situational self-defense. It's so important. These are really violent times.Anyway here with reaction to this and President Trump's trial and the weaponization of justice in New York, the co-host of the hit show "The Five", our friend Judge Jeanine Pirro is with us.You know, I'm really getting sick and tired of all of the violence that we see going on and I don't like Adam Schiff, I don't -- I don't want anybody to be a victim of any crime, Judge. That's how I feel. We should have --JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": Well, my position is this I am so fed up with the crime going on in this country that would so easily be resolved if we went back to good old-fashioned consequences and law and order. But it was the left that came up with the idea that they were going to have this criminal justice reform. But to me right now, Sean, I don't care about them. Right now, turnaround is fair play, and in the end, they don't care about us, they don't care about ordinary Americans, they only care about themselves.And this -- this progressive nonsense has created a very dangerous situation for every American in this country. And if this is what it takes, then so be it.And by the way did you know he had his clothes or his suitcase taken out of his car. I figure Sam Britons (ph) probably walking around with his clothing on. Remember him? He worked for the Biden administration he was stealing suitcases and people's clothing, but they created a haven for lawlessness --HANNITY: I forgot about that.PIRRO: They created --HANNITY: I forget about that part.PIRRO: Yeah. Well, they created this haven and it's not going to change until it impacts them, and then you've got the mayor, his security detail is getting beat up while the guy's trying to give an interview.If we don't turn this country around and there's only one man who can do it and you know who I'm talking about, and that is Donald Trump, and right now, he's in a ridiculous trial in a courtroom in Manhattan, while Joe Biden is out there promoting himself as the -- as the candidate that's going to save this country. Joe Biden is one of the reasons this kind of thing is going on in America today.HANNITY: Well, I -- you know, you think about this if you want the right and the ability to pursue happiness, a prerequisite for that needs to be law and order, and safety and security, or else you can't pursue your dreams, you can't pursue happiness.What is frustrating to me and I think we share the same frustration is that, okay, no bail, defund, dismantle, reimagine the police whatever you want to call it, this is what the result of this is. But meanwhile, the guy in New York that is the D.A. in Manhattan, Alvin Bragg, who ran to go against one man, one family, one organization, this is the very same guy that is releasing or lowering 60 percent of felonies to misdemeanors. The only one ever took a misdemeanor to try to turn into a felony after the statute of limitations went away, with the judge who donated to Biden, with obvious family conflicts.It shouldn't be happening. They should -- we have videotapes of people in Times Square New York beating the crap out of cops.PIRRO: Yeah.HANNITY: They're let free in seconds just to, you know, head on flip the bird to New York and head on out to California. What a great country.PIRRO Well, the sad part about all this is that Alvin Bragg is a Soros funded prosecutor and now we're finding out that Soros is behind a lot of what's going on, on the college campuses right now where they're talking about, you know, I am Hamas and all that other intifada revolution.But let's stick with Bragg. This guy should be in charge of legal aid. He has no idea how to prosecute a case. He has no idea what he's doing, the only thing he is is a political operative. And this show trial that's going on in New York is going to be reversed just like the trial of Harvey Weinstein was reversed, and I'll tell you why because the evidence that they're admitting right now has nothing to do with a crime, it has nothing to do with Donald Trump. Whatever Michael Cohen may have done and whatever -- who who's in there now, David Pecker may have done, they're trying to attribute David Pecker's knowledge of campaign finance violations to Donald Trump.There should have been a curative instruction right then and there by the court that you cannot assume that because David Pecker knew something that Donald Trump knew it. But this is -- this is the kind of case that an inexperienced political operative is trying in Manhattan, and let me just say one more thing. This gag order -- the gag order was to make sure that the president did not make or direct others to make said public statement, when Donald Trump repeats on Truth Social what other people have said, he is not making or directing them to make a public statements.And that's why he is not holding him in contempt yet because it is so poorly written, these people are so incensed so full of hate that they'll do anything to keep this man down and yet he goes outside, he talks to construction workers, he goes to a bodega they cheer him, he goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken or whichever Chick-fil-A, and they cheer him.This man is a hero and what is happening in this country is a crime and the people who are doing it have got to be punished for what they're doing because it's a violation of all of his constitutional rights.HANNITY: Let me tell you what the answer is, you know what, Judge? Victory would be the answer. We can stop this in 192 days. I would say this is the biggest inflection point for this country that we've ever witnessed in our lifetime, for sure. All right.PIRRO: And but, you know what, Sean? If he gets elected, he's got to put the right people in power to make sure that none of the nonsense that happened last time is going to happen this time and that involves people who are close to him that he was relying on, enough said.HANNITY: Judge, thank you.All right. Coming up, bad week for the Biden White House. Jimmy Failla, well, he's here to weigh in on Biden's worst blunders of the week, four more years, pause, and others, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. As we told you earlier, it appears that your President Joey needs all the help he can get. Take a look at your screen, Joe is now surrounded by aides every time he walks uh to or from Marine One on the South Lawn at the White House, so they can distract from his very awkward shuffling gait, if you will. But in the long history of Biden blunders, this week will probably stand out as having some of the very worst, especially this moment from Biden's speech to union workers. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Folks, imagine what we can do next. Four more years, pause --(CHANTING)BIDEN: Are you ready?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Four more years, pause. Now that might be the worst blunder from the week but it certainly wasn't the only one. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: By the way, that's not hyperbole, that's literal. Together with Schumer leader and I.Today, folks, when folks see shuffles in on the ground in these projects.This is a big deal day.Are you ready to choose freedom over democracy, for democracy.I still sometimes cut the yard -- they don't -- the secret service doesn't let me do it anymore.Trump and his MAGA allies want to repeal the most significant investments in climate ever, the work that that you risk your life doing -- lots of it.I don't know why he -- we're surprised by Trump. How many times he have to prove we can't be trusted.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Anyway here with reaction, Jimmy Failla, who will be live tomorrow 9:00 p.m. for a special two-hour edition of "FOX News Saturday Night" direct from the White House correspondent dinner.Now, Jimmy, you were actually on the south lawn today when Biden landed back from his trip to New York. You saw this.JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": Yes, h they were nice enough, Sean, to invite us there for the landing because the way it works is when the helicopter lands, one guy gets a hand and the other guy gets a foot, and then we kind of carried him into the White House. I thought I was there as a -- I thought I was there as a reporter, I was actually just there to catch the guy.It's sad to watch, Sean, because they're now you know traditionally the president would depart Marine One on their own, walk across the lawn and you'd go wow, that's the leader of the free world, don't mess with that guy.But now they literally have him surrounded like they're bumper bowling him back into the White House so he doesn't go the wrong way, so he doesn't fall it was there's like a nervous energy when you watch it and it's sad, because the reporters aren't going wow, it's the president. The reporters are going gosh, I think he's going the wrong way, not good.HANNITY: He's got to get guided, you know, do I exit stage left or stage right.By the way, I am proud of my record. In all my years in radio, my 28 years here at FOX, I have never been to one White House correspondence dinner. I'm proud of that. I'm not breaking my record. I'll never go.And I'll be honest, I don't like them and I don't think they like me. So I think it works out perfectly, but how did you like four more years pause?(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: The best business to be in right now is selling liquor next to the White House press room, because every time that man gets near a microphone, somebody winds up doing a shot of something man, but don't worry, Sean, I will represent. Yeah, I'll represent for you at the dinner. They let me into these things because I dress like a waiter, so it's fine.HANNITY: I'm, by the way, I'm sure with when you met with these people yesterday, I'm sure they were glad to see you.Anyway, all right, oh that guy, oh, who's got the hit show now on Saturday night.All right, according to reports, there's now a petty feud between the Biden White House and "The New York Times" of all places. Team Biden is thinking "The New York Times" is too harsh on Joe and not harsh enough on Trump. You can't make that up."New York Times" meanwhile is apparently incensed that Biden will not sit down for an interview and constantly avoids taking questions from the press, but he did go on Howard Stern. Now, things are so bad that the entire dispute got a pretty long write up in "Politico" this week and the publisher of "The Times" literally confronted Vice President Harris, this is "The New York Times" over Biden's refusal to take questions.Reaction?FAILLA: Yeah, it's amazing to think that "The New York Times" is calling them out because you know they were fine with this at the beginning of this administration, but now they're just bored, Sean. They have nothing to do. Covering this president is like covering the groundhog, you don't get a lot of action on the detail and right now, "The New York Times" is desperate because a lot of their friends and their friends kids go to Columbia, and there's only so much they can write about those protests because they look terrible.So I just think they need the content at this point.HANNITY: Yeah, it's pretty amazing actually.All right. Well, one last story it broke earlier today. This is from the "Hollywood Reporter" and apparently Stephen Spielberg is helping Biden and his team plan the DNC, the Democratic Convention in Chicago this summer. By the way, I am predicting based on what we're seeing on college campuses, this will be a absolute Adam Schiff show, but apparently, you know, his specialty is helping Biden tell his story and present his vision for a second term because he can't do it himself, right?FAILLA: Yeah, Well, what people need to know, Steven Spielberg directed "E.T.". But in the Biden version of "E.T.", the alien gets a stimulus check in a free hotel room. So it's going to be a totally different remake but yes, that's -- that's how bad we are, Sean, we're bringing in Steven Spielberg to make our president look alive. Okay, I mean, really think about that and, it's going to be as you said an S show, I agree.But you know it won't be an S show, Jimmy at the red -- at the red carpet.HANNITY: Well, that's what I want to ask you. So you're going to the White House correspondence dinner. All right, fair enough, you're working it -- I don't -- I'm not going to count that as you actually attending. Have you ever been to one before?FAILLA: Yeah, to be clear, Sean, I have been to these I like going because we are the away team at FOX news but we're kicking everybody's ass in the ratings. So it's kind of fun, it's like walking into Fenway Park in a Yankee jersey and winning the game, okay. But --HANNITY: If you get out alive, yeah. If you get --(CROSSTALK)FAILLA: Yeah, you make a good point because I don't have your fighting skills. I don't train like you, but let me give you one thing, okay? At first, I thought it was an honor that FOX is letting me host a two-hour show tomorrow night from the red carpet but now, I realize -- now I realize they're just trying to keep me away from the open bar. That's all this is, just the way a babysit me.HANNITY: They don't want -- they don't want to sit next to you. Let's be honest. They just don't want to hang.FAILLA: How dare you, Hannity? You used to be my guy, that was a low blow.HANNITY: Well, whatever you want to drink you know it's probably on Joe, you probably have to pay -- it's probably a cash bar for crying out loud. But --FAILLA: Oh, no, yeah, I can't afford as many drinks this year because of the Biden inflation. So that's how I'm going to stay so at the party, that's the cake.HANNITY: Okay, you can't go to that party and see all those people that we know don't like us for sure, and we probably don't like either, and not have a lot to drink. I recommend and I don't recommend this often, you might want to drink a little more than the average.All right. We got a roll.FAILLA: Sean, I'll see you tomorrow.HANNITY: All right. Jimmy, we'll be watching.More HANNITY, by the way, coming up straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Hey, before we go, if you are looking for something fun to do this weekend, you can bring the whole family. My friend Michael W. Smith tipped me off about this. A great new family friendly faith-based movie hitting theatres. It's called "Unsung Hero". It's based on a true story of Grammy-winning artist King and Country and Rebecca St. James.It's the story of their lives coming from Australia to the United States as kids growing up with music and faith and eventually finding great success.Anyway, it's in Peter's all across the country. Check it out, "Unsung Hero".That's all the time we have left. Please set your DVR, never miss an episode of HANNITY.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled, why? Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend. We'll see you on Monday.