SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY this Friday night.Now when Democrats accuse conservatives of wanting to ban books, it's important to know what they really mean. Now viewer warning what you are about to hear, well, it's pretty graphic, but it's in your kids' libraries in some school districts. These are the books Democrats are fighting to keep in your child's public school. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Evie shouting about how she's done found her butt- sucking (EXPLETIVE DELETED) new husband face down enjoying butt sex with everybody's old boyfriend and in the butler's pantry. I remember all his porno magazines and all the details of anal, oral, rimming, fisting (EXPLETIVE DELETED) you could put yourself in the hospital trying to self suck.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: We'll play more of that, a lot more coming up.Plus, we will bring you an insane story about one terrorist who was enjoying life inside America after crossing the southern border illegally. But, first, tonight, turmoil at home and abroad. Inflation as we learned all week is on the rise, up dramatically, year-over-year. The border of Biden is broken, terrorists are emboldened, the world is at war, and the president of this country, your President Joe, he's taking the weekend off, yet again.No matter how bad things get, Joe will always make time for long weekends in Delaware or of course at the beach, although he does struggle to carry around his little beach chair.Now even of course as his poll numbers have been declining, rest, relaxation, that is the top priority for this, well, cognitively impaired, weak and frail president. Instead of working hard for your vote, Biden plans to lie, smear, slander, besmirch his way into a second term.For example, just this week, Joe said that he inherited skyrocketing inflation from Donald Trump. Well, in reality, Joe Biden inherited a historically low inflation rate of 1.4 percent.And since taking off and printing money and spending money like never before, inflation has jumped nearly percent and it continues to get worse every single solitary month. Inflation is now so bad, even over at the conspiracy theory channel MSDNC, even they have to sound the alarm. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think he's been absolutely disastrous for the economy.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Uh-huh, I agree.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Raise your hand if you think President Trump's policies on the economy would be better for your family personally, raise your hand. All right, so that is everybody.President Biden argues that his economic record has been very good, saying President Trump's was not as good.Is there anything Joe Biden could do or say between now and the time you vote that would make you feel differently about feeling that his policies would not be as good for your family on the economy or you are you pretty much decided that Trump's policies would be better for the economy?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I mean, I feel like he doesn't even take accountability for what's -- at all with what's going on in the country, not even accountability like he's in denial that it's happening.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I think that was on liberal Joe, probably had a heart attack.Now what you just heard is backed up by real data. Renting a single family home, that's up 36 percent. Renting an apartment, that's up 23 percent. Mortgage rates are at a 15-year high.You want to buy groceries? Well, well, those prices are up 25 percent. And eating out, that's up 25 percent. Gas prices are now up more than 50 percent since Joe took office. Energy prices are up nearly 30 percent and they are going higher, increasing at a rate that is 13 times faster than under Trump and Obama, the last seven, eight years.It has never been more expensive to live in our country and it's about to get even worse. In order to buy votes ahead of the election, now, Biden just wants to dump more money, your money into the economy with another massive student loan bailout. Oh, another $7 billion. How great is that?And according to economists, this multi-billion dollar plan will cause inflation to spike even further. In return, well, a small portion of affluent Americans will have some of their college and grad school loans repaid and who are they be really being paid by? Hardworking Americans, the people that really make this country great, many of whom -- well, they went into the trades and maybe they didn't go to college.Why did they have to pay off, you know, some sociology tenured professor's student loan?Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP, POLITICAL AD)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I spend my days digging holes, cutting grass and sweating.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is job number 2 today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm breaking my back out here for one reason.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I want to pay off some other guy's debt.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Biden's plan to play other people's college loans using my tax dollars is a great idea.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden's right, you should take my tax dollars to pay off your debt.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: You see what's happening here? The Biden administration, they are run by woke Ivy League elitists who have absolutely no connection to the rest of America. I've been saying this for a long time. The Democratic Party that has become radicalized and they have become the party of coastal elites.Conservatives, Republicans, they are now the party of working men and women in this country. These elites -- they grew up in the little bubble, they went to school in the little bubble, they now work in a far-left woke bubble that is Washington, D.C. No diversity of thought or perspective whatsoever.And meanwhile, Biden himself, a serial plagiarizer, has never really had any original thoughts especially now with his cognitive decline. So he does whatever -- well, his self-righteous staffers tell him to do. In this case, let's try and get young people and buy their votes and pay off their student loans with other people's money.Now, this week, more note cards written by his staff telling Joe exactly where to stand, what to say, where to walk, and what reporters to call on, along with obviously pre-written answers to questions that they just seem to happen to anticipate, or expect, or colluded on.Anyway, really hard to read from the script, but even that was a struggle. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Look, we have dramatically reduced inflation from 9 percent down to close to 3 percent. We're in a situation where we're better situated than we were when we took office.What we see in our joint support for Ukraine in the face of Russia's vicious assault was -- is just outrageous.Third, next question, who I call on next? Hang on , say, here got my list here. Hang on, I apologize. Aurelia of AFP.There are a number of hostages that are being held by -- by the Hamas and - - just yesterday, we're meeting with the vice president, our national security advisor before that, and then and our American hostages as well.Thank you. Thanks --(CROSSTALK)BIDEN: Why didn't everybody holler at once?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, Joe Biden is clearly weak, frail, a cognitive mess and incompetent and the vultures on a staff, they're using him to enact the most radical far-left socialist policies this country has ever seen. It is ending up hurting most of you, the American people, the people that make this country great.This is why Biden is losing support from so many groups that -- well, kind of together are the Democratic coalition, in other words, his base, the voters that Democrats usually depend on.Now, that includes African-Americans. According to a "Wall Street Journal" poll, Biden's support among black men in battleground states is down a whopping 30 percent. Biden's support among Black women is down 16 points."The New York Times" found that Donald Trump now leads Biden among Hispanic voters. This is a group that Biden carried by nearly 60 percent in 2020.Meanwhile, working class voters of all races are fleeing the Democratic Party in droves. Why? Because inflation is impacting and hurting everybody, but especially people that now 60 percent of the country that are living paycheck to paycheck, or on a fixed income, and the last thing these hardworking great Americans want to end up doing is to pay off, you know, some Yale sociology professor's grad school loans.But Joe doesn't think of it that way. Why? Because he cares about the coastal elites. Joe doesn't think he can barely even read or walk at this point, so who's actually making the call, I don't know.There has never been anyone less capable of serving what is the toughest job in the world being the president of our country than this guy Joe Biden, and yet he wants another term? America and the world are really on the brink. This is our inflection point as a country in 206 days.Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Jason Chaffetz and Joe Concha.Jason, start with you tonight. You know what? You look at it, can you -- can you name a single policy implemented by Joe Biden or whoever's really calling the shots there that has worked out well for hard everyday -- hardworking everyday Americans that, you know, obey the laws, pay their taxes, raise their kids, take them to school on Sunday, work, you know, they 12, 14, 16 hour days.Any policies that are working for them?JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, quite the opposite. Let's remember, Democrats had the House, the Senate and the presidency for the first two years. They -- they could run the table.And you know what they did? They opened up the borders. They decided to import, you know, illegal aliens to the tune of 10 million. Guess what those 10 million people? They need housing, they want -- they want health care, they want education.And then we're surprised that all of a sudden rent is up, gas is up, all these expenses are up? And then the president is mystified that Black Americans, inner city people living in the inner cities are suddenly not getting the resources that they used to, they're going to the illegal aliens.You're treated far better by as an illegal alien than you are a United States citizen, but that's exactly what Joe Biden and Kamala Harris wanted, so they implemented everything they wanted and that's what America got and it's disastrous. That's why the country knows it's off track and it will make a change in this next election.HANNITY: And Joe Concha, we have another problem and that is an information crisis in the country and that is a mob of media that is nothing but a mere extension of the White House press office. All they do is take talking points from the Biden White House, they regurgitate them. If they dare deviate, then they get yelled at and then they change their headlines and even change their story.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think one poll, to your point, Sean, from Gallup says it all, where they found that 84 percent of Americans say the media is to blame for political divide in this country. So it's no longer about informing, it's dividing.And remember, in 1976, nearly three quarters of Americans said they trusted the media. So it wasn't always like this. Even as recently as 2005, 50 percent of Americans trusted the media. Now, that number is completely and totally below that by 20 points.So, again, I cannot get over the fact, you know, we talk about obviously the reporting and the bias, but it's the bias of omission that really stands out most because here you had a president just like you talked about, one of many whoppers with cheese this week, as you just showed, when he said that he inherited, quote, skyrocketing inflation.As you said, it was 1.4 percent in 2021 when Trump took office. It's now 150 percent higher at 3.5 percent and you have the media not challenging Joe Biden on this in any way shape or form, when inflation is at 9 percent and it goes down to 3.5 percent, that does not mean that it is dropping, it would be like me gaining 90 pounds one year and my wife says, hey, honey, you really need to lose weight. So then the following year, I only 35 gain pounds and I go back to her, I say, hey, honey, see, I lost weight.No, that's not how it works because I'm still getting fatter. Inflation still continues to go up. But every major fact checking outlet, of course, ignored this blatant lie because you know they're essentially worthless.So here's where we are now at this point. Food prices are up nearly 40 percent. Think about that, 40 percent since 2019. That's according to a "Wall Street Journal" report.So the question is, how does Biden get away with it? Well, because there's no accountability from so many journalists acting as activists for the Biden White House. And it's not going to change from now until 200 or so days until election day, because -- well, we wouldn't want to make Mr. Biden uncomfortable in an election year now, would we, Sean?HANNITY: All right. Jason, thank you. Joe Concha, thank you.All right. Tonight, it's not just Biden's terrible policies that are driving away key demographics. The president is unable or unwilling to connect or have genuine conversations with anyone. Everything is scripted. Biden comes across as weird and creepy and decrepit, and he mumbles and he bumbles and he stumbles.In contrast, there's probably no one more authentic and personable that can talk for hours on end, I speak from experience, than Donald Trump.This week at an Atlanta Chick-fil-A, Trump was warmly greeted by the employees, by the customers, Trump supporters, including a pro-Trump organizer who had this to say on "FOX and Friends". Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUIMP SUPPORTER: The general consensus or social media, what have you, thinking that if President Trump were to show up to the HBCU campuses or walk around the AUC community that like some angry mob would form or a riot would ensue and that he would not be welcomed. And clearly, the sentiment in that room the other day was the complete opposite. He was very welcome. People were excited to see him. People showed up in support of him, and people, of course, were from all four institutions within the AUC, the local HBCU community in Atlanta, and they all showed up in support of him.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, the Democratic Party, they have completely taken African- Americans for granted, as well as other demographics, like Hispanic Americans, and they are sleepwalking into what it could be a political disaster.Well, our next guest put it this way. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VINCE EVERETT ELLISON, HOST OF "THE VINCE EVERETT ELLISON SHOW": You can fool some of the people sometime, but you can't fool all the people all the time. There is panic at the DNC, 26 percent of Black voters are going to vote Donald John Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with more is the host of "The Vince Everett Ellison Show", Vince Ellison himself, along with FOX News contributor Tammy Bruce is with us.All right. Vince, because we played your tape, we'll start with you tonight. You have a lot more to say. I've watched the whole tape, and the whole tape is riveting and it's kickass and I know you, it is all you, and that is the real you.How real is this demographic shift that we're seeing in polls? How real will it be in 206 days from now?ELLISON: Sean, it's real. I mean, the Democrats have gone out there, man, and they have just pulled down their pants and showed their neck and behinds to all of America, especially Black America and to Christian America. And they're tired of it.I mean, they just go out there, they disrespect the people. You know, they do this transgender visible day on Easter. They're having this porn in the libraries that that you're talking about. They're having drag queens going to the schools, and people are tired. They're just tired.They know that voting for Joe Biden is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders, and they are done with him. And I'm telling you they're going to have a surprise on election day, people are jumping on the Trump train and they're going to ride it all the way through 2024.HANNITY: You know, when you look at the numbers, they're so dramatically different than where they were just four years ago, Tammy.TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah.HANNITY: Joe Biden had to work hard to alienate key demographics of what makes up the Democratic coalition or the Democratic base.What -- what went wrong from their point of view? Is there anything they can do in the next 206 days to fix it?BRUCE: Well, it really is coming up fast, isn't it? And you know, this is not just rhetoric that we're hearing or wish fantasy talk about demographics, people moving toward Donald Trump, because as Americans, regardless of who we are, skin color, ethnicity, gender, whatever, we care about the future and about our families, and that -- here's a couple of numbers that are really astounding in the picture of for regarding elections historically.In 2020, Joe Biden won the under 30 voter by 24 points. Right now, the under 30 voter is for Trump by 21 points. That is a 45-point swing for voters under 30 to Donald Trump.Now, that is should be a constituency that the Democrats can completely rely on. But clearly, it is not just like they're losing some of these people. It is a catastrophe.Black women for -- in 2020, voted for Trump at about 6 percent. According to a new "Wall Street Journal" poll, we're looking at now 11 percent say that they are going to vote for Donald John Trump. And this is because of the things that we have in common as families.Now, we care about diversity, all of that is fine, but my goodness, this is about political ideology, moving through the time they spend at the schools and going after the parents and moving gender ideology. And all that regardless of what you think about that, in the meantime, the economy is collapsing effectively and God forbid should there be a black swan event, let's say in the Middle East or with North Korea, that changes everything in this country, and that would change the economy. The shutting down of shipping lanes in the Middle East, then what do you think is going to happen to energy and oil at that point?So I think Americans understand that if you care about your family in the future, you've got -- you see how these numbers affect you and how Trump's policies affected you in a positive way and opened the future up no matter who you were, Donald and Joe Biden's policies doing the opposite.HANNITY: All right. Thank you both, Vince and Tammy. Have a great weekend.Now, when we come back, shocking video, a scuffle between illegal immigrants and the police in New York. We've got the tape. We'll also check in with Judge Jeanine Pirro.And later, wait until you hear what parents in Tampa, Florida, found in their kids' school library, and we have a viewer warning alert for that, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: All right. Joe's border crisis continues to wreak havoc all across the country. Newly released body cam footage from early earlier this week shows a scuffle between illegal immigrants and police officers, this at a hotel being used to house more illegals in Yonkers in New York. Well, here we go again. Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: Also breaking, according to a new report, an Afghan illegal immigrant on the terror watch list was released by border patrol and later freed again when he went before an immigration judge. Thankfully, he is reportedly now back in ICE custody. Maybe just maybe, you know, put him in jail or send them back home.Meanwhile, Boston's law enforcement and removal operations, they announced the arrest of a Brazilian illegal immigrant previously released from custody who is being charged with numerous child sex offenses. The city of Denver, they've announced this week that they will spend nearly $90 million on incoming illegal immigrants. I guess that's courtesy of Joe Biden.Where's that money going to come from? You'll love this. Well, despite a nationwide crime crisis plaguing blue cities and states around the country, part of it will come by defunding the police, the police budget.Now also tonight, we have a major update in the story of a purse snatcher who shoved -- remember this -- this woman going into church, 68 years old. He literally shoves this woman down the church steps before walking off with her purse and stealing her car. Police did announce that a 16-year-old suspect was arrested for the violent mugging.And while the victim's family is speaking out, attacking lawmakers for refusing to hold these criminals accountable. Remember, no bail laws.Anyway, here with reaction, the co-host of the hit show "The Five", our friend Judge Jeanine Pirro is with us.You know what infuriates me about all of this is, you know, we have the director right now for the third time in a row, he appears before Congress. The threat has never been greater that this country is about to be attacked again, another 9/11.JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": Yes.HANNITY: Okay, he's supposed to be the head of the top law enforcement agency in our country. We keep showing example after example of what illegal immigrants are doing. They enter the country illegally, they get out in states, no bail laws, sanctuary states. They flip the bird then they go to another sanctuary state and commit more crimes, all right.But he's warning about terror threats and yet if you're the chief law enforcement officer of the FBI, why don't you go to the president of the United States and insist that he enforced the laws of this country so there maybe people from Afghanistan, Egypt, China, Russia, Iran and Syria, maybe they'll stop coming in? I know, I live in a fantasy world, right, Judge, one where law and order would exist?PIRRO: Well, certainly, Christopher Wray has gone before Congress. Congress can't do anything about this. The only person who can is Joe Biden. He refuses to. If he does anything at all, it'll be for the purpose of politics.Look, this Afghan individual who came into this country in -- during 2023, Joe Biden's term and is released as part of Joe Biden's catch and release. He's given an alternative to detention as if they take any of them into detention, and he's told, listen, do me -- do us a favor, give us a call every now and then, let us know how you're doing. And in the meantime, you can apply for asylum.Within the year, he is roaming across the United States and the FBI finds out that this guy is part of a virulently anti-Western, anti-American Islamic group. And so they tell ICE, you got to take him into custody. ICE takes him into country -- custody, takes him before an immigration judge and these fools -- these fools, I'm sorry, this is like a kangaroo court, they don't tell the judge that we have connected him with the most virulent terrorist, anti-American terrorist group around because they say that's classified information.And what they say to the judge is, look, we think he's a flight risk. So the immigration judge whose name I can not get, I've been trying all day to get the name of this judge because it's time we identified who these judges are and what they're doing, the judge releases them and DHS -- this is Mayorkas' group, they say, we won't disclose what we told to the judge and we're limited and what we could tell the judge.So what happens now is for the third time we go out last night and pick this guy up. This country is filled just this year with 170 connected to the terror watch list. Joe Biden has created as I've said many times a globalist landing spot which is nothing more than an -- an area where people can come in for benefits.They can hate America, they can chant "death to America", they can commit crimes in my old county of Westchester County, I was D.A. head jurisdiction there, if those guys dare beat up the cops, if they dare try to give the cops a hard time and preventing the cops from making an arrest, that wouldn't happen if I were the D.A.But instead, what they do is they release them and they're back to do it again. We're like suckers in a game.HANNITY: Suckers is probably the right -- the right term. I mean, how did we become a country where we allow literally over 10 million people to come into our country illegally. We don't vet them. Then they -- we have to pay for their food and their housing and their education and healthcare and it -- and the costs added to the criminal justice system.Then they get arrested for beating up cops, then they get let out because of no bail laws, then they get to stay in a sanctuary city or state, flip us the bird and just go out and commit more crimes and they get arrested again and again and again. How stupid are -- how dumb are we? Because that's dumb to me.PIRRO: We -- it is dumb. We're supposed to suck it all up and respect these migrants. They're not migrants, they're illegals until they are recognized as citizens.HANNITY: Thank you.PIRRO: You know what, the word illegal is in the -- is in the federal law 93 times, illegal alien.HANNITY: Illegal alien, yes.PIRRO: That's what they are. They're not migrants.And by the way, this guy who's with this terrorist group who hates America, he is applying for asylum. How stupid are we?We've got to get rid of Joe Biden. We've got to get rid of the progressive. They're not progressive, they are Marxist, leftist people who don't care about American citizens and I'm tired of money going to illegals.I'm sorry, but it's got to go to senior citizens who pick up food in a supermarket and put it in their basket and then take it out again.It's got to go to our veterans. It's about time we had a president and a country that respects the people who respect us. If you don't respect America, then get the hell out.HANNITY: You know, if it wasn't so serious, I'd make a joke and say, judge, you get an F minus from the wokeness police because you dared to say the word illegal. I'm sure you'll have to come back on Monday like Joe Biden after the State of the Union and say, oh, I regret saying illegal. Why don't you apologize for getting Laken, not Laken Riley's name wrong? That's where the apology should have been.PIRRO: Right. Instead he apologized to the murderer by calling -- the alleged murderer by calling him illegal, which is exactly what he is. We are living in a world where everything is upside down.HANNITY: Say it, illegal.PIRRO: Illegal, I got it.HANNITY: All right.PIRRO: Take care.HANNITY: Judge, okay, F minus on the wokeness, you know, scale, but --PIRRO: I'll take it.HANNITY: -- A plus from the show.All right. Thank you, Judge.Coming up, Alvin Bragg's trial to get Trump, it starts on Monday. We get analysis. Gregg Jarrett, Alan Dershowitz, as we continue this Friday night.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Trump's legal saga has put our country's two-tier system of justice back into the spotlight. Next week, of course, radical leftist Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg's ridiculous case, accusing Trump of falsifying business records as it relates to Stormy Daniels who we know knew about in 2015 -- well, they're about to begin jury selection on Monday.Meanwhile, according to a new "Axios" report, the DNC paid Biden's legal bills whoopsy daisy in the special counsel's probe into his mishandling of classified documents, while Democrats were attacking Donald Trump for having the RNC contribute to his legal expenses. Hmm, more hypocrisy.Anyway, they paid more than $1.5 million to lawyers or firms that were representing Biden and that's all according to DNC's financial filings.Here with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, Harvard law professor, former Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz, although I'm not sure if he wants to be introduced that way anymore. Maybe he should just be introduced as the author of "Get Trump" because that's all this is about.Anyway, good to see you both.So jury selection on Monday. We've all read the questionnaire, I got a kick out of it. Do you listen to talk radio? Do you watch FOX News?Gregg Jarrett, I guess anybody that says, yeah, I listen to Sean Hannity's radio show and watch him on TV on FOX, why do I think that person will be immediately excluded from that jury?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Oh, they absolutely will. And look politics is going to play dominant role in this case because it's a politically charged case. So, you know, if I'm Trump's lawyer, you know, I'd love to have law enforcement on the jury. I'd love to have people who have had a bad experience with the legal system. Those are the people they'll be looking for.You know, all of these indictments though have a common denominator, Sean. They're driven by political animus. They're a partisan attempt to interfere in a presidential election. Prosecutors manipulating the legal system to bring specious charges against an opponent to damage his candidacy. It's classic lawfare.But I think what Biden Democrats and the media underestimate is the intelligence of American voters. They see these dirty legal tricks for exactly what they are, a pernicious attempt to steal an election through an abuse of our system of justice.And I think it's backfiring. A growing number of people see Trump as a victim, not a villain, and it's fortified his support. You showed the numbers. It's growing his support.HANNITY: You know, Professor, I -- I think we all agree. I don't think that this is a fair venue. I don't think Donald Trump can get a fair jury in New York or D.C. or Fulton County, Georgia.This case goes back eight long years, but here we are 200 -- it'll be 203 days before the 2024 election. We knew about this before 2016 and now they're going to bring this to trial.I want you to analyze this case from the legal standpoint because, well, we don't really know what the felony charges are. Most scholars that I have interviewed have said really the misdemeanor charges but Bragg is trying to somehow up them to the felony level by using federal statutes, of which he doesn't have the authority to do so.Do you see it the same way? Do you believe that the case is strong considering their top witness not exactly the most credible person on earth?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: I've been doing this for 60 years, Sean. Teaching criminal cases, defending criminal cases, writing about criminal cases. This is by far the weakest criminal case I have ever seen in my years.There is nothing here. There is no misdemeanor. There is no felony. There is no federal crime.The feds refused to prosecute. Even Bragg refused to prosecute until some of his young progressive woke prosecutors demanded that he prosecute. Forget about the fact that they're doing it to try to prevent somebody from running for and succeeding in running for president. Forget about that. If this were used against any individual, this combination of trying to elevate it to felony by claiming that the only reason that he paid the non- disclosure funds was to prevent people voters from learning about it, obviously, he did it because he didn't want to embarrass his family. He didn't want to embarrass his wife.And the idea that you can prosecute somebody -- they could have gone after Alexander Hamilton on this theory. I have a challenge -- name any case in the history of America where anybody was ever prosecuted for failing to disclose a hush money payment on some kind of business form. It's never happened in the history of this country, and to use an unprecedented jerry- rigged case against the man running against your president, your Democrats, your president is such an abuse of the legal system.We ought to change our, you know, motto from e pluribus unum to double standard hypocrisy. That's what we're seeing here. We're seeing the same thing in terms of the legal bills that were paid obviously by the DNC.The Democrats went crazy when they heard that some of the legal fees paid to Trump's lawyers came from campaign contributions. But you know, what's good for the goose, just isn't good for the gander when it comes to politics in America today.And we're all the losers for that. Every American is in danger if we don't have an objective standard of justice that's equally applicable to all.HANNITY: All right. Thank you both.Coming up, parents across the country, they're exposing pornographic materials inside of their young kids' schools. Wait until you hear the parents actually reading what is in the kids' library. You're going to be surprised about the content of a lot of it, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. You might be very surprised about the content of some of the books in the libraries at your child's school. Now, recently, a group of Florida parents in Hillsboro County which includes Tampa, they did a little digging in the library. They found some of the most graphic content from school library books, and they decided to bring it to the attention of the school board. They'll probably be investigated as domestic terrorists by the FBI that should be watching the illegal immigrants coming in to our country but they're not doing that.But anyway, I guess I have to say it although really I want you to hear it unedited but I have to say it -- viewer discretion is advised. It is graphic content.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I nod, Ali pulls away and seems to swipe a condom from midair and rolls it on. A wave of nerves wash over me. He pushes in slowly and great pain surges through my body.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My hands brush every inch of her, palms open on her nipples, that were so sensitive, her sounds grew wild, and her knees clamped on my hips. We switched positions and I sank between her legs.And it's talking about two transgender girls.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is a girl talking, I climbed on top of him, started kissing him in a way that was said very clearly, here I am, I'm ready to have sex, don't you want to?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Evie shouting about how she's done found her butt sucking (EXPLETIVE DELETED) new husband face down enjoying butt sex with everybody's old boyfriend and in the butler's pantry. I remember all his porno magazines and all the details of anal, oral, rimming fisting (EXPLETIVE DELETED) you could put yourself in the hospital trying to self suck.Are you going to get your act together? I sure hope so because in the meantime, thousands of students across Hillsboro County have read these books that I've read to you and who knows? They're not going to come here expressing the sexual harm that they've faced because of reading a book that they're ashamed to say they've read.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Just pause for a second, you ever think this would be happening at a school board meeting? Now, thankfully, in Florida -- well, Governor Ron DeSantis is well aware of the issue. He was in fact the one who allowed parents to raise these very concerns and here's what he has said about this in the past. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R), FLORIDA: We believe in the rights of parents to be involved in the education of their children and therefore have enacted curriculum transparency legislation, so that the parents know what books are being used in the classroom, what books did their -- do their kids have access to, and then they have procedures where they can say, wait a minute, you know, some of the stuff you saw up there, that is pornographic. Why would we have that in a media center with 10-year-old students? It's just wrong.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well said, Governor DeSantis.Here with reaction, Outkick founder Clay Travis, former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi.You know, Pam, there's a lot of issues I didn't think I'd ever have to be discussing when I started in radio before you were born, which was like 1987. That's when I started in radio, never thought I'd be talking about squatting and people stealing houses and homeowners being arrested and having squatting laws that needed to be put on the books. I never thought I would literally be listening to explicit porn from parents that went into their kids schools library and found all these books.But this is the crap that we're now dealing with. And then the parents that dare speak out at the school board meetings we now know, the FBI often looks into them as possible domestic terrorist. Tell me what the hell has gone wrong here?PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Oh, everything's gone wrong, and it's very personal to me. That school board you're showing, that's my hometown. That's Tampa, Florida, Hillsboro County.HANNITY: Oh, good grief.BONDI: First and foremost -- yeah, first and foremost, we've been preaching this, Sean, for a long time, people need to pay attention to these down ballot races, meaning not only D.A.s but school boards. In Hillsboro County right there, the video you were showing, there are only two Republicans on our school board. One of them is a dear friend of mine, and we have the best commissioner of education in the country in Manny Diaz. Yet first, how are these books getting into these schools to begin with, these leftist liberal librarians are putting them in our schools, the superintendant have the ability to take them out and they're not.Yet, these parents are having to -- it's a become a full-time job for these poor parents. They're having to come in and police the books that their children read, they're having to come read this graphic disgusting material to these school board members and this should not be a partisan issue. We have to have a high standard collectively on what our children are learning and reading in schools and that's just not happening.And it's happening p primarily in the counties where we have the most liberal school board members and that's sickening. And people need to vote and look at their school board members more than anything now.HANNITY: You know, who could possibly believe, Clay, that this some -- that this is okay? That this is not a problem? You would think that this -- this would not be a controversial issue, that parents would hear this, read this, see this and unite and say get the garbage out of the school, stick to -- stick to reading, writing, math, science, history, computers and let's call it a day. You know, why is there even a disagreement on this?CLAY TRAVIS, OUTKICK FOUNDER: It's a great question and I would actually - - I think parents have actually not adopted something that I think is a really good argument. You know, we have movie ratings. There are G movies, there's PG movies that would probably be appropriate for most elementary school age children. PG-13 is pushing the boundary.If you took an 8-year-old to an R-rated movie, you wouldn't be allowed to do that in any part of the country. You're not permitted to do so.So this is not some sort of book ban or censorship or everything else. It's just trying to analyze what material is age appropriate for what age kids to see, and I'm with you and I'm -- I'm with Pam.This is an easy call. I've got three school age kids, 16 and 13 and 9, I don't want to have to worry about my third grader going into the library. I'm excited when he reads anything, and finding books like that. I think everybody out there basically watching -- essentially, every parent on the planet would say elementary school kids should not be reading or able to check out at a library books such as these.And so, I think you have to push the next question, which is one that's very interesting to ask, whose agenda is to get these books into elementary schools and why are they trying to do so? It goes back to what I think was the right decision made by Florida which is trying to mandate age appropriate learning for particular aspects of tutelage, right?You shouldn't be teaching elementary school kids about graphic sex related incidents. It's absolutely indefensible.HANNITY: All right. Thank you both, Clay Travis, Pam Bondi. We appreciate both of you.All right. Coming up, more HANNITY as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left for this week. Anyway, thank you for being with us.Monday, 203 days until -- well, the most important election in your lifetime. No pressure though.Thank you for joining us. Thank you for making this show possible. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of HANNITY.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend.