SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".We start tonight with the FOX News alert. At this hour, we are monitoring live pictures from the Biden White House where your President Joe is hosting an official state dinner for the prime minister of Japan. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Both the prime minister and I came of age as our countries were -- as they came together. We both remember the choices that were made to forge a friendship that were once only a devastating -- a fight that existed before.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Not exactly awe-inspiring, is it, going back to World War II it sounds like. Anyway, to say the least.Now, this caps what has been a very, very unusually long day for your president. It is extremely rare to see Biden after 5:00 p.m. and as you know, he typically goes to bed early and wakes up late. But Joe is given it as all for Japan's prime minister who traveled over 6,000 miles to see him. In fact, Joe appeared in public multiple times today but not without a lot of help, a lot of help. There were people telling him where to walk, what to say.And, of course, Joe didn't go anywhere without his trusty giant cheat sheets first inside the White House during a few brief remarks with the Japanese -- with his Japanese counterpart, Biden read directly from a note card. Of course, we can't even say hello, say hello without a note card. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Well, Fumio, welcome back to the White House. Welcome back to the Oval Office. It's good to have you here. Good to see you again.When we were here last year, we said the role being played by the United States and Japan is becoming even greater and we -- I couldn't agree more with your assertion back then, and what we see in our joint support for Ukraine in the face of Russia's vicious assault was -- is just outrageous.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: My name is Joe. Welcome to the White House.Anyway, a few hours later during a short scripted press conference in the Rose Garden, Biden once again read directly from his trusty note cards. He also followed his usual practice of calling on a pre-arranged group of reporters listed on the note card. Now this gets very interesting.Then, Biden read pre-written answers from the same note card, the fake news journalists and the media mob what, they're okay with this? Are they just going to pretend this is normal? You know fake Jake, liberal Joe, do you still claim that you're journalist? Take a close look at your screen, you can literally look at this you can literally see the script in the in the reflection of his giant sunglasses. You can't make this up.Anyway, did Joe have the answer to a question that he already knew would be asked? Because it certainly looks that way.Now, today, virtually, everything was scripted by Joe's White House staffers. The president merely just showed up, tried his best to read verbatim from another note card. Well, let's take one more look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: So we had a long discussion last -- almost I guess almost weeks ago now, and the best way to reduce the chances of miscalculation, understanding. That's number one. Number two, in our alliance we have with Japan is a purely defensive in nature.Third, next question, who I call on next? Hang on a second. Here, got my list here. Hang on. I apologize.Virile (ph) of AFP.And thus far, and we and that's tied to the hostages, there are a number of hostages that are being held by -- by the Hamas and just yesterday, we're meeting with the vice president, our national security advisor before that, and then -- and then American hostages as well.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: My name is Joe say hi to guest, hi, guest.It's clear. Biden is just not capable of taking unscripted questions. He's not able to communicate extemporaneously. I'd love for him to host my radio show with 750 stations, it's all extemporaneous for three hours just one day, that would be entertaining.Anyway, even with a huge amount of help from his large staff, Joe struggles in a massive way as per usual. That's predictable. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Prime minister is going to travel to North Carolina tomorrow to visit that project. Don't stay -- don't stay, we need you back in Japan. They'll probably try to keep you.Our commitment to the defense of Japan under Article 5 including the -- the Senkaku islands is unwavering. Thank you.(CROSSTALK)BIDEN: Why didn't everybody holler at once?Elect me, I'm in the 20th century -- 21st century, not back then.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: What happens when China reunites as they call it, or has reunification with Taiwan?Anyway, every day a struggle for your president, especially on those rare occasions when the president is forced to work for more than a few minutes.Now in contrast, President Trump is constantly working, communicating with the American people and today he was in the great state of Georgia in Atlanta where he answered a ton of questions on a variety of topics during an impromptu press conference. He then visited a local Chick-fil-A where he was warmly greeted by the staff and customers and this very enthusiastic supporter and pro-Trump organizer, oh, and he also gave away free shakes to people that were there. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't care what the media tells you Mr. Trump, we support you.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Let me give you a hug.(CHEERS)(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All while Joe Biden is scared to leave his bedroom without a giant cheat sheet, telling him where to stand, what to say, who to answer questions, what to do when you're when it's time to say goodbye.Well, from President Trump, he's having real conversations with Americans every day. Unlike Biden, Trump is not afraid to answer tough questions, that's because Trump's policies, they actually worked and he's not a cognitive mess. But in the last three years, the current administration's policies, they have frankly -- well, pretty much wrecked the country from border to border. Joe cannot run on his record because everything has gone, well, catastrophically wrong and continues to get worse.For example, today, we found out that inflation is again going in the wrong direction. Guess what? It wasn't transitory after all, another lie.Meanwhile, the broad tensions between Israel and Iran are now escalating. This comes just a few short days after Joe abandoned Israel, put a knife in their back just to appease the radical base that is now the modern Democratic Party. That is their party, which at the end of the day is now helping the terrorist group Hamas that literally attacked Israel, not lose the war that they started.His radical base insisting that Biden leave our closest ally hanging out to dry as they battle Hamas terrorists in what is a literal war for Israel's survival, and there are Americans still held hostage. Nobody seems to talk about them.Needless to say, Biden cannot run on his record. He can't ask the question, are you better off than you were four years ago? Can't run on his intellect, certainly his personality is not that warm and charming, it's a little creepy at times.Joe and his fellow Democrats have resorted to pretty wild scare tactics. You know, for example, I have a few of them. Biden recently tweeted, quote, Trump doesn't trust women, and that he quote, despises Latinos and that he's trying to rip away health care from Americans and kill millions of Americans. Stop right there, he's trying to kill you. That's what Joe Biden is running on.Biden also accused Trump and MAGA of trying to take away our freedoms. He also accused Trump of, quote, exploding the national debt, threatening to cut Social Security and Medicare and passing a national ban on a woman's right to choose.None of this is even remotely true. Joe is lying but that's all he has, and it gets worse. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: My predecessor and his MAGA friends want to -- I love the phrase, the language they use -- they want to terminate the Affordable Care Act. Terminate it.Well, guess what? Killing millions of America take them off of healthcare.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: Take a look at the things that they're rolling back. Remember I said ages ago, you know, they -- in their minds, they want to bring slavery back.BIDEN: Donald Trump talks -- uses phrase is like you're going to -- he's eviscerate the Constitution and he's going to be a dictator on day one.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If it's a Trump re-election. Zelenskyy has legitimate reason to be concerned.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My sense is Donald Trump would hand the keys over to Putin. Why -- why fight when you can just get the keys from a new American president?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Recent reports that if reelected, Trump will seek to retaliate against his political opponents as well.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump will sign a national abortion ban into law if he is elected president and Republicans control the Congress.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Continue to build on infrastructure, on bringing high- tech manufacturing back to the United States, on a clean energy revolution. That'll all stop if Donald Trump gets reelected as president.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you believe if Donald Trump were elected next year, that he would try to stay in office beyond a second term, that he would never leave office?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There's no question.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You think he would try to stay in power forever?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Absolutely.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Anyway, kill Americans, bring slavery back. He's going to be a dictator. He's saying it, he said it on this show. Yeah, I'll be a dictator for one day on the border and bringing oil production back. That's all he said.After more than three years in office, Biden has nothing to show other than a burning hatred for Donald Trump, now desperate will say -- he's trying to kill you what happened to keep your doctor, keep your plan, save $2,500 per family per year. Obamacare, the promise, millions of you lost your plan, lost your doctor, you're paying 250 percent more and nearly half the country has one Obamacare exchange option. How's that working for you?And the people on the left are so desperate, attacking Trump now for an Arizona Supreme Court ruling that upholds what is a Civil War era law banning abortion. This will be fixed in the next week or two, let not your heart be troubled. I can -- I can pretty much assure that that will happen.Trump opposes the law and this ruling or you can believe Joe's make pretend Donald Trump that doesn't exist. And you know what? Arizona's governor is a Democrat. The state's attorney general is a Democrat, the state legislature is almost evenly divided. If Democrats, you want to get rid of the law, well, you have a chance right now to get rid of it, and I would advise you, get rid of it.They would rather use it as a political tool ahead of November. Most politicians on the left do not actually care about making your life better. Otherwise, they'd be screaming bloody murder about the clear and present danger that Joe is creating at our border by aiding and abetting over 10 million illegal, unvetted immigrants that Joe's allowed into the country from countries like China, Russia, Iran, Syria, Egypt and Afghanistan.They only care about winning elections and holding on to power and the proof is in the pudding. Take a look at cities and towns Democrats have enjoyed, one party rule for what? Decades?They are the most violent, most disorganized, most expensive places in America. And in just three years under your President Joe, the entire country has started to mirror all of that chaos. In 208 days, you have a golden opportunity to choose a different path forward.Here with reaction, the host of Outkick, "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", there's no such thing as a fearful Tomi Lahren, that doesn't exist, Tomi Lahren is with us. Former Clinton adviser Mark Penn, and former White House physician, Texas Congressman Ronny Jackson.All right. A lot to dig into tonight. Tomi, we begin with you. Your reaction.Joe Biden, his appearance today I thought was embarrassing on many levels, but very predictable. Well, let's get your take.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Well, first of all, I think that they're going to be getting Joe Biden some smaller sunglasses now that you pointed out the reflection. We know when we pointed out him stumbling up the big boy stairs, he had to get little boy stairs. So, now, I assume he'll get smaller sunglasses to avoid that whole debacle because we know he's going to read off of a note card many more times and it's going to be on camera.But, you know, again, Sean, I've been saying this for so long, but I think it's abundantly clear and becoming clearer each day that Joe Biden is not going to be the nominee I believe again. I believe it's going to be Gavin Newsom. I think all signs point in that direction. I think Joe Biden this week with his student loan forgiveness as well as him mulling over maybe taking an executive action on the border, I think that's his last ditch effort to convince the Democrat Party to keep him in that position.But I think the Democrats are actively looking for his replacement and they're looking over at California which is also a god-awful mess, but at least the guy can speak without reading from a note card.But I'd like to contrast that because I'm so happy that you played Donald Trump today and him being in that Chick-fil-A, and I think his connection with the American people. You know they have to do this fear-mongering where Donald Trump wants to bring back slavery or Donald Trump will never leave office, but then when you actually see Donald Trump interacting with people, it becomes abundantly clear that he is the people's president.And when you see Black women embracing the president in that way, oh, boy, the leftist media is going to melt down over that one and we're going to start seeing it more and more, the more he's out there. That's why they want to keep him in the courtroom. But good thing, he is resilient and he's got a lot of energy.So expect more of this from your former president and hopefully, your future president.HANNITY: All right. Mark you're the Democrat on the panel.Let's see. Donald Trump wants to kill Americans. He wants to bring slavery back and he's going to -- he's going to end all abortion in America. You know that's complete total Adam Schiff. And I know it, everybody knows it.What does that say about where their campaign is? Does that ultimately work just running on lies and negativity like that?MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, you know that campaigns have been hyperbolic for about maybe 200 years. So there's there nothing new I think in campaigns going back and forth. The question is, are we going to have a real debate about the serious issues which the candidates are going to confront each other, put the hyperbolic stuff aside and tell us about their differences and policies.I was a little less concerned about whether Biden's stumbling through reading cards, than what he's saying particularly about Israel.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: But let me ask you, there's hyperbole and then when you say that Trump is going to kill Americans, bring slavery back, he is not going to legalize or make abortion illegal in the country, that's be -- it's beyond hyperbolic. That is just flat out lying and I argue that they have to lie because they can't run on anything positive. Tell me what Joe should run on that he did that he accomplished in the last four years.PENN: Look, I think Biden would run on his -- on his record for jobs, millions of jobs have been created, despite the inflation --HANNITY: Part-time illegal immigrant jobs.(CROSSTALK)PENN: Look, you asked me what he' run on to be positive.(CROSTALK)PENN: Look, I think that I where I'm really concerned however is what he's gone on Israel and some of the foreign policy turns that he's taken. I think he shouldn't be pandering to the left on Israel. Americans support Israel and giving any credence to Hamas just emboldens Hamas and Iran, and that is counter to the most important fundamental American foreign policy goals of having peace in the world.So I'm very concerned about that. Look I think he has a positive campaign I don't think these campaigns should use this kind of hyperbole that that really divides Americans and that should be on both sides. Stick to the issues. Run some good campaign here.The voters don't pay much attention to that nonsense anyway.HANNITY: Well, I'll tell you this, he's put his own personal political ambition above standing against terror, maybe the most offensive thing he's ever done as president and the list to me is very long.Ronny Jackson, let's get your take on all of it?REP. RONNY JACKSON (R-TX): Well, Sean, I'll just say Tomi's right. She's completely right. I've been saying this for a long time. He will not be the nominee. I just I -- I can't see it happening.Can you imagine what this guy's going to look like five years from now at the end of another term? I can't even imagine, most American people can't imagine what -- you know, what condition he would be in based on where he's already at. I mean, can you imagine this guy debating Donald Trump? It's going to be comical.HANNITY: No, he never will.JACKSON: It's going to be high entertainment if he does. He won't do it --(CROSSTALK)JACKSON: It would be an absolute failure.HANNITY: He never will.JACKSON: No, he won't, Sean.HANNITY: He's never going to debate Trump.JACKSON: I tell you -- I tell you right now, I heard somebody say the other day this is absolutely true. If you're looking at the at the performance of the Biden administration over the last three and a half years and you're thinking about voting for this guy and giving him another term, you might be the one that needs the cognitive test at this particular point. I mean, it's insane.All Americans right now that you know that that have lived under Donald Trump and have now lived under Joe Biden's presidency, everyone knows that America, that your life that everything that surrounded you was so much better under Donald Trump than it is under Joe Biden. We need Donald Trump back.I mean, the American people are sick of this. They can't deal with it anymore. It's going to get worse. We're going to get into a war overseas. Our economy is dropping like a rock.I mean, you know, inflation's up three and a half percent like you said. We're borrowing $100,000 a second right now. I mean, we're going to spend a trillion dollars paying our interest on our debt this year, which is more than our defense budget, while China is just -- you know, cranking out ships and missiles and all kinds of -- you know, we are in trouble, Sean.And this man has led us down a path that's almost non-recoverable right now, and if we get another four years of him, we will not survive this. This is the most important election in our life.HANNITY: Let me ask you then -- let me ask you the Tomi Lahren question, which she thinks it's going to be Gavin. She thinks Biden's out. I would argue that only happens if he has a really bad fall or a really just an unmitigated disaster in terms of a cognitive moment. Do you -- you don't think he's going to be the candidate then, who do you think it's going to be?JACKSON: Well, I -- you know, I think they have a real problem right now because they don't want Joe Biden, but they are terrified of the box of rocks known as Kamala Harris, right? They don't like her. They don't want her there.But what do you when you're a party, that everything you do revolves around identity politics, and you're about to can't the first person to be the Black female president potentially? They're in a real -- they have a real problem right now.Are they going to -- are they really going to select a heterosexual white male? I mean, you know, the party of identity politics. I don't know. I don't know where they're going, Sean.HANNITY: Unless, there's a disaster, Mark Penn, we'll give you the last word on this. Do you agree with Tomi? Is he the candidate? I think he is unless something disastrous happens.PENN: Sean, I agree with you. Joe Biden is the Democratic nominee. He's got the delegates. That nomination is not going anywhere unless something happens to him or he says so, and he is running and I think that's the way this campaign's going to roll. Donald Trump against Joe Biden, the big rematch.HANNITY: I actually hope you're right, too. I think we all agree.JACKSON: Trump is going to crush him.HANNITY: We can hope. We'll know in 208 days.All right. Thank you all. We appreciate it.All right. When we come back, Joe Biden, did he just admit his border policies are actually a failure? We'll get an update. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas reacts. That's coming up.Busy edition of "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. It has been almost two months since the House voted to impeach Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas for failure to comply with federal immigration laws, and breaching the public trust. And it appears Senate Democrats now are trying to stall the proceedings, according to a new report.Well, that's not going to sit well with Republicans who are now gearing up to grind all legislative business to a screeching halt if Democrats table the trial.Now over the weekend, Republican Senators Ted Cruz and Mike Lee wrote and op-ed in "The Wall Street Journal" saying it is, quote, a senate's duty to put Mayorkas on trial. Meanwhile, the border crisis has spiraled so far out of control that Biden himself is now hinting at possible executive action to try and stem the flow of his illegal immigrants now over million, and tens of thousands coming from hostile geopolitical foes. We have mentioned those countries many times.Here with reaction, Texas Senator Ted Cruz.Okay, it is that bad. Where is the rest of the Republican caucus, first of all, on the issue of the House impeaching Mayorkas, and what will the Senate now do when that is handed over to the Senate sometime next week?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, the House is going to deliver articles of impeachment early next week and under the Senate rules, when they do so, the Senate moves immediately into an impeachment trial. Here's what should happen under the Constitution, this has happened 21 times in our nation's history. Twenty-one times, the House has delivered articles of impeachment to the Senate. In four of those times, the Senate lacked jurisdiction and one of them, the person impeached was a senator and impeachment only lies against executive branch officials or judicial branch officials.So they did dismiss that one for lack of jurisdiction. In three of them, the person was out of office was no longer in office. So it was dismissed as moot because there was no longer anything to do once they were out of office.In the remaining instances, in all of them, 100 percent of the times, the Senate convened for a trial, the Senate heard evidence, the Senate made an adjudication and the Senate decided guilty or not guilty. That is what the Constitution prescribes. It's the senate's sole authority, but it's also its responsibility.Next week, Chuck Schumer and the Democrats are planning to completely destroy the Constitution's impeachment power of the Senate and rather than hear any evidence simply to table the matter at the outset, to vote at the outset. We're not going to hear it at all.And I'll tell you, Sean, Schumer is doing this for three reasons. Number one, he wants to present prevent the House managers from presenting the evidence of what an absolute disaster Biden and the Democrats open borders is.Number two, he wants to stop a trial from being held publicly because his only defense is to hide and hope that the media covers up the people who are dying in the risk to American safety from Biden's open borders.But number three, Chuck Schumer is desperately trying to protect vulnerable Senate Democrats in states like Montana and Ohio and Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, Nevada, to prevent them from having to vote guilty or not guilty. He's trying to dodge responsibility.If he does this, it will permanently destroy the Senate's authority to conduct impeachment trials. It will do permanent damage to the Senate.HANNITY: Okay, let me -- you're in a race where Schumer's now identified you as his number one target. You're getting the same --CRUZ: Yeah.HANNITY: -- you know, BS rhetoric that Donald Trump is getting, that Ted Cruz like Trump wants to kill Americans, wants to bring slavery back, wants to put an end to all abortion in America, none of which is true. But this is all they've got, Senator, and they're going to hammer you with probably $100 million to $200 million in these types of ads, the money's flowing into your state, because the call has gone out to do so.The question is how do you best respond, how does Trump best respond to what are just outright lies? This is -- you know, they want to smear slander, besmirch, attack, lie, they can't run on their record. That's all they got. What's the answer?HANNITY: Look, the best way to respond to is with truth. If this record is about substance, we win. If it's about Joe Biden's horrendous record, we win. If it's about our vision for America, low taxes, reasonable regulations, lots of jobs, protecting American families standing with law enforcement securing the border, keeping our families safe and protecting our constitutional rights, we win.You're right, the Democrats, Chuck Schumer has named me as his number one target. Chuck Schumer and George Soros are going to spend over $100 million in Texas trying to beat me right now. They're flooding cash into the state.And they're going to engage in lies. They're going to engage in smears. I'm not going to respond in kind. I'm not going to go into the gutter. I'm going to talk about my record versus the very liberal Democrat running against me.But I'll tell you, the only way we can do it because the corporate media is corrupt. They are propagandists for the left wing, the only way we can do it is to raise the money to counteract the million and so, what we've been supported by is millions of your viewers, of patriots across America, going to tedcruz.org, and making a contribution, giving $25, $50, $100 to tedcruz.org and what is really, really helpful is so many people are signing up for what we call our liberty circle where they sign up to give a recurring monthly contribution, $10, $25, $50 at tedcruz.org. That's how we withstand the Marxists who are flooding money into the country.And listen, if you don't think Texas is close, my last race, I won by fewer than 200,000 votes. I won by less than 3 percent. And so, Schumer is gambling. If he spends enough money, he can gain 3 percent, he can flip Texas, and we're not going to let him do it, but we're going -- the way we're going to stop it is focusing on substance and truth, and a better vision for America.HANNITY: My only fear for you and for Texas is, guess what, if you take a U-haul from California to Texas, you pay about 2,000, 2,500 bucks. If you take it from Texas to California, you do a U-haul a favor. You'd only pay 400. It tells you everything you need to know.You just got to hope the people from California that moved to Texas didn't bring their Gavin Newsom policies with them.All right. Senator, we'll -- we wish you well.CRUZ: Amen.HANNITY: We appreciate you being with us.All right. You're going to love this, when we come back, today's inflation report was so awful for the White House, even members of the liberal media mob, they could not even sugarcoat it. We'll show, we'll explain, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: The Biden White House kind of lies a lot. The border is secure, the border is closed. Remember they promised, oh, the inflation, it is only transitory.Well, they were either again lying or totally clueless on the economy as inflation now continues to rise, now at an even faster pace than was predicted. There will be no interest rate cut in the near term for sure. There will be no soft landing as they've been claiming.The new CPI numbers released this morning show that goods in March of this year cost 3.5 percent more. In other words, it went up 3.5 percent year- over-year from last March, and that year-over-year increase does mean that Bidenomics is a failure, and Biden's inflation is continuing.Wall Street not particularly pleased. About 1 percent of the value of each major stock index disappeared today. Even Joe's friends and the liberal media, they couldn't even spin that into a positive. "New York Times" called it a political blow to Biden. Fake news CNN said the long predicted storm clouds in the economy may actually be forming.And this is priceless, over at MSDNC, the conspiracy theory channel, they had to shut down Biden's friend James Clyburn, the guy that saved his candidacy back in 2020, of South Carolina, when he was trying to claim that inflation is disinformation. The only problem is the increase in inflation news broke just as he was saying it. This is priceless.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMES CLYBURN (D-SC): So what we got to do is make sure that people see the policies of the Biden administration, how they affect their everyday lives and get them to see in his policies that which is real, not what they may hear on social media. One of the focus group people talked about social media and the misrepresentation, disinformation, all of those things are out there, and that's the battle that we have to fight and we've got to do a better job of fighting it more effectively.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So I'll validate that I think the disinformation out there is distorting the entire process. I think social media doesn't help, but there's also a lack of validation that these voters feel, and I'm going to bring in Andrew Ross Sorkin right now because we just got breaking news. The consumer price index increased at a faster than expected pace last month, a signal that inflation remains stubbornly high.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Yeah. Right in the middle of saying there's no inflation, yeah, we find out it's up 3.5 percent year-over-year. Things are only getting worse.Inflation overall is up, well, about 20 percent since Joe took office and you are suffering.Here with reaction, FOX Business hosts Brian Brenberg and David Asman are with us.Welcome both of you.Brian, start with you. You got to admit, you know, the entertainment side of television kind of made me chuckle quite a bit, right in the middle of saying how great the economy is and inflation is whoopsy-daisy.Last month, there was a 3.5 percent year-over-year increase. Today, it's 3.5 percent, not exactly going in the way they said and not exactly transitory.BRIAN BRENBERG, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, I could chuckle a little bit more at what happened on the network there, if it wasn't Americans who are having to pay for it. This was a really bad -- this was a really bad report on, Sean, and here's why, there's no economically justifiable reason to bring down interest rates with this kind of inflation number, which means the housing market in America stays seized up, borrowing for a car stays high, credit card delinquencies keep going up.You see that's a bad news tale, and that's not disinformation. That's basic economics. That's the situation we're in right now, and what I'm afraid of is the Biden White House actually believes what James Clyburn is saying and nobody with their hands on the levers of power in D.C. wants to actually fix this thing.HANNITY: Well, it's a good point but, David Asman, again, we've been lied to repeatedly like we're lied to about the border. You know, look for example, the mob, the media, they were giddy with the jobs report on Friday. You do a deeper dive into the number. What do we learn?We learned that most of those jobs were part-time or -- and/or going to foreigners, not exactly good news on that front either.DAVID ASMAN, FBN HOST: Yeah. Well, and the inflation lies today, we're just running so fast and furious. Jim Clyburn, by the way, before it was cut off with news about inflation going up, while he was claiming it was down, right before that, he said inflation is now 40 percent less than it was when Biden took office. That's exactly the opposite.When Biden took office, the inflation rate was 1.4 percent. The core rate right now is 3.8 percent. That's more than two times higher than it was when he took office. So they're completely reversing the truth. This is stuff that they that are just barefaced lies about the economy that that even their most loyal economists cannot get behind.So they're -- they're in really deep trouble to lie to this extent, and by the way, we now have because we still are operating under the Trump tax code, we have this increase in revenues, they claim -- Biden claims that the reason we have deficits is because of the Trump tax code. That also is the exact -- exact opposite.We've got 48 percent more revenue now than we did when Trump -- when Biden took office and that's because of the Trump tax code.So, in fact, we could probably have a balanced budget right now if it hadn't been for all those trillions of dollars of spending that Biden put in. And that's what's causing inflations and that's what's causing the deficits.HANNITY: And you -- and you can't get away from Americans now paying 39 percent more uh for goods and services than they were paying under Trump and 60 percent of Americans are living in paycheck to paycheck. And as both of you know and report on every single day, the Americans are suffering.And then you look at the people that have to dip into their pensions and pay a big penalty just to get bare necessities or putting bare necessities on credit cards. None of it's good.Anyway, David Asman, good to see you. Brian, thank you. We appreciate you both being on.When we come back, Trump speaking about Fani Willis. We're going to tell you what he said when he was in Georgia today, and we get an update reaction from the one and only Jim Jordan as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Former President Donald Trump was in Atlanta today for a fundraiser. He was asked by reporters about the election interference case and Fani Willis. Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Well, I think that case has been totally discredited. It was a money-making scheme on behalf of her and her lover, Wade, Mr. and Mrs. Wade, and I think the case has been totally discredited I would hope. It seems to be. And we'll see how that, and the one in New York is totally discredited. Every legal scholar said they have to. It's a horrible thing but it's election interference.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Fani in full get Trump mode is asking the appeals court to deny the former president's request to overturn Judge McAfee's earlier decision to allow her to remain on the case.Meanwhile, Fani Willis may be in some additional legal trouble. According to a new report, the DOJ has now uncovered inconsistencies in Willis's use of federal grant money. And in Washington -- well, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and James Comer of the Oversight Committee, they have threatened to hold Merrick Garland in contempt of Congress, after the DOJ refused to turn over subpoenaed recordings of special counsel Hur's interview with Joe Biden.Here now with more, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan.Let's start with that last part first. Merrick Garland had until noon on Monday to turn over the interview, the transcripts, the videos whatever they had of Robert Hur's interview with Joe Biden. He failed to comply with it. A guy by the name of Peter Navarro has -- is now spending four months in prison for contempt to Congress.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah. So never forget the facts here. Robert Hur's report said that Joe Biden knowingly kept and disclosed classified information. He said that the reason he did that, page 231, Joe Biden had strong motivations to ignore classified procedures because he was writing a book, a book for which he got paid $8 million.So we have motive, $8 million reasons why, we have motive, we have the elements of the crime being met. He knew the facts. He disclosed it and he kept that information but he doesn't get charged because Robert Hur says he's a forgetful old man.So we think it's incumbent upon the Justice Department to give us all that evidence. We would like to hear the audio tapes and frankly, I think the American people would like to know here, six months before the most important election we have, who's going to be our next commander-in-chief.HANNITY: It's beyond that because he's -- Robert Hur did say that Joe Biden willfully withheld these documents. They were found -- you know, in what really eight separate locations but multiple locations within one location, depending on how you count it, that's fine. But didn't that report also say that Joe Biden told the ghost writer, hey, oh, I found some new materials down in my basement. Let me read it to you.Did that guy have a security clearance to have top secret information read to him by the former vice president?JORDAN: And, by the way, that same guy, we want to depose him too. We've asked for that, and that same guy tried to destroy the evidence after he found out a special counsel had been named. So, yeah, Joe Biden met the elements of the crime, Joe Biden is -- we have motive, but he's not charged because he's a forgetful old man.But what's interesting here, Sean, is in the last three presidential elections, only, there's only been three candidates, Hillary Clinton, President Trump and President Biden, all three had concerns -- concerns were raised about how they dealt with classified information. But only one is being charged.Joe Biden wasn't charged, Hillary Clinton wasn't charged, even though she destroyed 33,000 emails for goodness sake and was sending classified information over unsecure server. She's not charged.But somehow, the one guy who was actually president at the time, he gets charged. That's what -- that's what so many Americans find wrong, because it is wrong. It's a double standard and that's not the way it's supposed to work in our great country.HANNITY: So I talked earlier in my monologue tonight about -- you know, how Democrats can't run on their success or if you're better off than you were four years ago, and then now resorting to, you know, radical rhetoric like Donald Trump's going to kill Americans and bring slavery back, and end all abortion in the -- in the country. That's because they're desperate.But on the other hand, we've got another issue here, and that is okay, starting on Monday, you've got this ridiculous case going back to 2015 and '16 involving Stormy Daniels. In that case, the D.A. in New York, Alvin Bragg, has not even identified what the felony is that they're actually charging Trump with. Clearly, it's a biased judge, a jurisdiction not friendly to Trump, nor would D.C. be one, nor would Fulton County be one.And at what point do we say, wait a minute, this is April, we got an election in November, why don't we let the American people decide and how is it that the Biden Department of Justice won't cooperate with you but they're using every tool at their disposal to use the law to go after Biden's chief opponent? How do you explain that? What does that say about the country?JORDAN: That's today's left. Today's left controls the Democrat Party. They've -- they use this lawfare to go after their political opponent. But the good news is the American people see through it. President Trump's numbers continue to rise.They know the case in New York with Alvin Bragg, they know Fani Willis in Georgia, and they know Jack Smith, both his cases, whether it's Miami or D.C. are ridiculous, everyone knows it. It's why he's winning in all seven of the tossup states, the swing -- the states that determine the election. He's winning in Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Nevada, Arizona, and those are the states that decide this election.So that is the good news that I think we're going to have Donald Trump back in the White House because the country sees all this for what it is, and they appreciate what they had under President Trump compared to what we've had with Joe Biden.HANNITY: You know, it's interesting. They arrest him. They mug shot him. They arraign him. They charge him. His poll numbers go up.You have to wonder if he gets convicted in New York, do his poll numbers go up? So far, he defies all conventional political gravity. It would not shock me.Jim Jordan, thank you.Bird flu found and discovered in a park in New York City. Uh-oh, the next pandemic, a report straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNTY: New Yorkers they're being warned to stay away from wildlife after several cases of bird flu were discovered at a park in New York City.Matt Finn joins us with the latest.Matt, I guess that means stay away from filthy pigeons?MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: For starters the pigeons for sure, Sean.Those cases of bird flu were reportedly discovered in Manhattan's Marcus Garvey Park and now health experts are warning people in that area to steer clear of touching birds including dirty pigeons or their droppings. Wild geese, a falcon and a red tailed hawk tested positive for the virus in the park according to CBS. A chicken was also reportedly infected.Now, over the past month, the bird flu has been discovered in 12 flocks of birds, in seven different states, the majority in Texas. The CDC reported last week a person in Texas tested positive for bird flu, only developing mild symptoms like eye redness. That person works with dairy cows. The CDC says that case is the first time a cow presumably became infected with the bird flu.Tonight, the CDC is recommending people avoid unprotected exposure to sick or dead animals, including wild birds or poultry, avoid unprotected exposure to animal droppings and don't prepare or eat uncooked food.Now a bird flu vaccine already exists, Sean. So if it came down to it, there wouldn't be catch-up like there was with COVID.HANNITY: All right. Matt Finn, thank you.That's all the time we have left this evening. Set your DVR, never miss an episode.Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face. Have a great night.