JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: We're preserving our daughter's cord blood when I deliver. Cord blood can already be used to help treat over 80 conditions, including certain cancers and immune disorders. There are also hundreds of clinical trials to find more possible uses for cord blood. Hopeful there'll be more exciting breakthroughs. We worked with Cord Blood Registry. They are fantastic. Number one OB GYN --TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: And good evening. Welcome to Los Angeles. I'm Trace Gallagher, in for Bret Baier.All shook up in New York and throughout much of the east as a rare earthquake rattles the region. The southern border crisis hits home with a brutal crime in the Midwest. And your tax money goes to keep the $400,000 a year alleged squatter in a suburban Seattle mansion.But first, breaking tonight, mounting criticism over the Biden administration's apparent change in attitude, if not, change in policy, regarding Israel. President Biden is pushing hard for a ceasefire with Hamas and a greater focus on civilian casualties.Today, the president also went to the site of the disastrous bridge collapse in Maryland.Lucas Tomlinson is at the White House tonight. Lucas.LUCAS TOMLINSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT: Trace, a White House officials say President Biden wants the leaders of Egypt and Qatar to put more pressure Hamas to release the nearly 100 hostages that Hamas is holding inside Gaza, including some Americans.Now, before leaving for Baltimore to tour the records firsthand after that cargo ship destroyed the Key Bridge, the president faced questions about his policy for Israel.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you abandoning Israel?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Is that a serious question?TOMLINSON (voice over): President Biden insists the U.S. stands with Israel even as critics claim the White House is undermining its closest ally in the Middle East. And as more Democrats calling the White House to put conditions on USAID.Israel, today, announcing findings from its investigation into a drone strike Monday night that killed seven aid workers, including an American with World Central Kitchen.Writing, it was, "A grave mistake stemming from a serious failure due to a mistaken identification, errors in decision-making, and an attack contrary to Standard Operating Procedures."The Israeli military fired two officers and punished three others for the botched strike. U.S. officials insists more must be done to protect those caught in the crossfire.ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: As Israel pursues any military operations against Hamas, it has to prioritize the protection of civilians. It has to make that job number one.TOMLINSON (voice over): During the American withdrawal from Afghanistan, the Pentagon declined to punish anyone involved in a drone strike that killed 10 Afghans, including seven children.White House spokesman John Kirby was asked about the comparison.REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: These are events that happened three years apart. Two different geographic locations, two different countries, two different sets of circumstances. There was no need for personal accountability to be had. But did find that the U.S. military needed to make some systemic changes.TOMLINSON (voice over): Sunday marks six months since the Hamas massacre. On Monday, family members of some of the American hostages will meet with national security adviser Jake Sullivan at the White House.In Baltimore, today, President Biden met the family members of the six men killed when the Key Bridge collapsed. Biden pledged the full support of the federal government to help Baltimore rebuild.BIDEN: By the end of May, we'll open the full channel.(END VIDEOTAPE)TOMLINSON (on camera): Tonight, there are reports that U.S. forces and embassies in the Middle East are on higher alert tonight, based on a threat from Iran, after Israeli forces carried out that daring airstrike in Damascus, Syria, killing a top Iranian commander who oversaw Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard forces. Trace?GALLAGHER: Meantime, Lucas, a separate campaign issue. The Wall Street Journal, now reporting there could be new movement on the student loan relief. What do we know?TOMLINSON: That's right, Trace. The news could come as soon as Monday that the Biden administration is repaired to eliminate or reduce millions of dollars in student debt for thousands of students across the country, young students and young voters that the Biden campaign is actively courting for the election in November. Trace?GALLAGHER: Lucas Tomlinson live for us at the White House. Lucas, thank you.A magnitude 4.8 earthquake rattled New York City and surrounding areas this morning. No major damage or injuries reported. Officials said the quake was centered about 45 miles west of the city. People in 14 states reported shaking as well.Alexis McAdams takes a look from New York. Alexis, good evening.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening.Yes, we're talking about that big earthquake here that rumbled across the Northeast, at least, 42 million people felt the ground shake during this quake. And we know it was a 4.8 magnitude earthquake. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right under our feet, we felt the shaking. We were just nervous, like, what's going on? Because, you know, we haven't heard -- we haven't had an earthquake in so long. So, we were surprised that it even happened.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I never experienced an earthquake before. But yes, it was -- it was crazy.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm shocked. Never in New York. But there is always something new and exciting in New York.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: I don't know if it was exciting for everybody, Trace. But thankfully, no major damage reported yet.This earthquake is remarkable though, because this was the strongest quake to shake the New York City area in 139 years. And the strongest within New Jersey's borders in 240 years.The epicenter just about 40 miles west of here in New Jersey, with tremors failed out in Connecticut, Rhode Island, and as far north, is Vermont and New Hampshire.For now, it's back to business though. As usual, here in Manhattan after the mayor told everybody just keep on moving this Friday. But early commuters weren't so lucky. Long lines at Penn Station as transit customers waited for trains back to Jersey delayed as the bridges the tunnels and the tracks were all inspected.All three airports, Newark, JFK, and LaGuardia are back open after ground stops across the areaBack out here live, we can tell you small aftershocks have been reported in New Jersey, nothing major, not very strong, but still authorities will continue to monitor a lot of those structures to see if there is damage or concerns in the coming days. Trace?GALLAGHER: Alexis McAdams, live for us in midtown Manhattan. Alexis, thank you.Well, the southern border crisis is having a major impact tonight in the Midwest. A Mexican national in the U.S. illegally, now charged in the brutal murder of his wife. It comes as Chicago's Democratic mayor is describing the migrant surge as an economic opportunity.Garrett Tenney is in Chicago tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GARRETT TENNEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Two weeks ago, this man crossed the border illegally. Today, he's charged with five counts of first-degree murder.Police say he brutally stabbed his wife to death, nearly decapitating her in front of their two young kids in the town of Carol Stream just outside Chicago. Hours before that news broke --BRANDON JOHNSON, MAYOR OF CHICAGO: Chicago will never turn its back on people who wish to call the city of Chicago their home.TENNEY (voice over): Windy City mayor, Brandon Johnson said Chicago has room for up to 700,000 more people, and describe the ongoing migrant crisis as an economic opportunity.JOHNSON: We're talking about trillions of dollars of investment as a result of the growth of our population of which we have room.CATA TRUSS, RESIDENT, CHICAGO: In spite of what the mayor say is, there is no more room at the end.TENNEY (voice over): Many of Chicago's black residents are outraged with how Mayor Johnson is portraying the crisis, considering Illinois Democrats have spent more than a billion taxpayer dollars on helping migrants, instead of investing that money into the communities that put them in office.TRUSS: The citizens of Chicago, especially black Chicago are saying we have had enough with the Democratic Party.TENNEY (voice over): But even fellow Democrats are extending similar criticism. Centrist Raymond Lopez argues the mayor's welcoming policies towards migrants are a political gambit to build the future of the progressive movement.RAYMOND LOPEZ, ALDERMAN, CHICAGO CITY COUNCIL: We have seen where him and his socialist colleagues are anxiously awaiting having a new dependent class in our city of Chicago that requires a whole host of new programs to take care of them.(END VIDEOTAPE)TENNEY (on camera): We want to show you this new video from the southern border in Sunland Park, New Mexico.Just a few hours ago, our cameras caught this group walking into the country led by cartel guides. One Border Patrol agent there, told our own Matt Finn, that mountain which is in the United States isn't ours anymore, it belongs to the cartels.That stretch of the border has been one of the busiest sectors over this past week with more than a thousand people a day coming across. Trace?GALLAGHER: And the cartel is pushing them all the way. Gary Tenney, live for us in Chicago. Garrett, thank you.Well, Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor turn 70 years old in June, as the first Hispanic and senior liberal on the Supreme Court. Her trailblazing legacy is firmly established. But as Democrats are growing increasingly concerned about the 2024 presidential election, some fellow progressives say her time on the bench should not come to an end in the name of practical politics.Here is the Justice correspondent, David Spunt.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SONIA SOTOMAYOR, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE, SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: And to be almost 70 years old, this isn't what I expected.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Justice Sonia Sotomayor, telling a recent audience about her work on the nation's highest court.SOTOMAYOR: I'm tired.SPUNT: That prompted some Democratic lawmakers and the liberal legal community to say publicly what many have been whispering privately, thanks for your service, but now, you need to, "weigh" competing factors.SEN. RICHARD BLUMENTHAL (D-CT): It's not like there is any mystery here about what the lesson should be. The old saying, you know, graveyards are full of indispensable people.SPUN (voice over): Their fear, a repeat of 2020, when Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg died suddenly, weeks before the presidential election. The liberal icon had resisted stepping aside in 2014 when President Obama could have named her successor, but President Trump was able to appoint conservative Amy Coney Barrett to her seat, who later was a deciding vote to strike down Roe v. Wade.PAUL CAMPUS, LAW PROFESSOR, UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO, BOULDER: So, the risks here are so high that I think Democrats and progressives, in general, need to learn from the example of the RBG fiasco. And I hope that Justice Sotomayor is really taking this to heart.SPUNT (voice over): Sources tell Fox News, there is frustration from some Democrat activists that lawmakers are not more vocal on publicly pressuring Sotomayor. Retiring now would give President Biden the chance to replace her, while Democrats control the Senate. The White House taking a hands-off approach.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Those are personal decisions. That is, regardless if it's Justice Sotomayor, or any other justice on the bench.SPUNT (voice over): But sources close to Sotomayor tell Fox News, she has no plans to step down.SOTOMAYOR: What choice do you have? Or to fight the good fight? You can't throw up your hands and walk away.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (on camera): Age matters, but only to some it seems. Senator Blumenthal is 78 years old. He's endorsed for re-election, President Biden who's 81.The median average of Senators is 65 years old and the median average of Supreme Court justices, 63 years old. Trace.GALLAGHER: David Spunt, live for us in D.C. David, thank you.The Labor Department says the economy added 303,000 jobs in March. It was far above the 200,000 that had been forecast. The unemployment rate dip from 3.9 percent to 3.8.Some analysts suggest the strong numbers could potentially delay Federal Reserve interest rate cuts expected this year.Today, jobs report set the stocks up. The Dow gained 307. The S&P 500 rose 57. The NASDAQ jumped 199. For the week, the Dow lost 2-1/4 percentage points. The S&P 500 was down about one. NASDAQ lost about eight-tenths of a point.Up next, we'll look at the best pause to view Monday's total solar eclipse.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 11, Los Angeles, as firefighters deal with a blaze that a commercial building in the downtown fashion district. It took 120 firefighters, about four hours to put the fire out. No injuries reported to firefighters or civilians.WSVN Miami, a bridge where a crane collapsed yesterday, killing one construction worker and injuring two people has now reopened. Initially, the collapse raised concerns about the structural integrity. Overnight repairs were completed, more work expected later.And a live look now in Indianapolis, one of the big stories there tonight from FOX59. Purdue's center, Zach Edey is the overwhelming choice for his second Associated Press Player of the Year award.Edey will lead the Boilermakers into the national semifinal game against North Carolina State tomorrow evening. And that's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While the excitement building tonight for Monday's total solar eclipse which could be visible in much of the U.S., there is new technology now allowing people who are blind or visually impaired to hear the celestial event. A device called LightSound translates changing light in the sky into sound. When the sun is bright, it plays high flute notes. As the moon begins to cover the sun, the mid-range notes are those of a clarinet. Darkness is rendered by a low clicking sound. The devices will be distributed at several locations, hosting viewing events.Meantime, a little bit of breaking news coming in. We told you about the earthquake earlier in New York State in that area. It actually happened in New Jersey, but it was felt in 14 different states. Moments ago, a 4.0 aftershock, a significant aftershock we are checking to see if there is anybody who felt it, any damage. They should have aftershocks probably experts say for the next 24 to 48 hours.Meantime, six inmates at a New York State Prison and will be allowed to watch the eclipse after suing the Corrections Department following its decision to lock down facilities during the rare event. The complaint described the solar eclipse as a religiously significant event. The settlement allowing the inmates to view the eclipse was reached with the state corrections department on Thursday.Meantime, people from around the world are coming to the eastern half of the U.S. and Canada Monday to get the best view of the eclipse but in some states, weather conditions could disrupt the view.Fox Weather Meteorologist Ian Oliver is in New York tonight to tell us the best places to watch.IAN OLIVER, FOX WEATHER METEOROLOGIST: Hi, Trace. This has been quite geological day across the Northeast, but we have to turn our attention to the biggest astronomical event of the generation. So many folks are going to get an awesome view of this. Not everybody that will talk about that.There's your path of totality from Texas all the way up to Maine. For Texas, it's about 140 local time, at least for the Metroplex, that's the area of concern. Look at this the red shaded area. It's a likely threat of severe weather for Monday afternoon and evening.And you throw on that path of totality, it would be hard to do a better job dissecting that zone with the level two out of five threat for severe weather.Now you have to consider severe weather days often feature a lot of sunshine. We mentioned 140 local time, that's when totality moves through the Metroplex.So, you may be just fine for the Eclipse itself. But for folks traveling to this part of the country, keep that as part of your plan. Keep that Fox weather app handy because that potential will be there, especially into the latter portion of the afternoon.You look farther off to the north, the Ohio Valley such a busy a devastating week of severe weather. This week, that forecast looks excellent right up through the heartland. From there, a few extra clouds around closer to the Great Lakes and then up into the Northeast, the Adirondacks, the Champlain Valley, northern parts of Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine where we have totality, that forecast looks excellent.So, we have a very special day of coverage planned on Fox weather. Hope you'll check us out. Be mindful of the severe weather potential for the Southern Plains, Trace.GALLAGHER: Good information. Ian Oliver from Fox weather. Ian, thank you. Well, Fox weather is your destination for the latest weather news and forecasts streaming on your favorite connected device, always on always free. Please join Fox News Channel for special coverage of America's Total Solar Eclipse. It happens on Monday.Up next, new legal trouble for music mogul Sean Diddy Combs.But first, Beyond our Borders tonight. Ukrainian officials say they used a barrage of drones to destroy at least six military aircraft at a Russian airfield. They say eight others were badly damaged but Russian defensive defense officials say they intercepted 44 Ukrainian drones and that only a power substation was damaged in the attack.Senior doctors in England accept a pay offer from the British government to end a yearlong dispute featuring unprecedented strike action. Doctors who have been consultants between four and seven years will get a 2.85 percent raise, the deal also addresses some gender pay issues in the state owned National Health Service and enhances parental leave options.And a live look now in Japan, one of the big stories there tonight, thousands s of visitors braving the chilly weather in Tokyo to see the cherry blossoms in bloom. They have appeared later than expected in the Japanese capital because of recent temperature drops. Crowds gathered today after Japan's Meteorological Agency announced the Sakura trees in Tokyo were in full bloom 13 days later than last year.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight and we will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Continuing coverage now, breaking news, we're talking about the earthquakes. Of course there was the magnitude 4.8 earthquake today that hit in in western New Jersey but it was felt for 14 states around 4.8 magnitude that one. Well, just a short time ago, we're being told by the U.S. Geological Survey that a 4.0 aftershock was recorded in Gladstone, New Jersey, roughly the same vicinity that was at 5:59 p.m. Eastern time. That is the strongest of the aftershocks we have felt so far.There have been several throughout the day but none of them really noticeable, people didn't really feel them, you can kind of look at the seismometer, that's what happens when you get a big jump of an aftershock. The experts will tell you these aftershocks will happen for at least the next 24 hours, lightly the next 48 hours. This is the strongest earthquake the northeast has felt for in many cases, hundreds of years which is why a lot of seismologist are looking around like OK, what exactly is going on here and why are they getting these types of earthquakes in the Northeast.We should also note that this earthquake was about maybe three miles deep. That is a really shallow earthquake, which is why it was felt over such a wide area.When you're talking about shallow earthquakes, the shallower, the more dangerous. You take a blanket. If you're doing a blanket or a sheet making the bed and it makes that. That's what happens when you get these shallow earthquakes. They do that to the landscape, which is why it's felt over such a vast area.Deeper earthquakes that are stronger are absorbed by the earth, making them less potent unless it is a huge earthquake and the deeper it is, the wider the area it is felt.We will keep you up to speed on what's happening with the earthquake today as the breaking news continues on that.Breaking tonight, new legal trouble for musical mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs. It has to do with a lawsuit filed against his son. Jeff Paul is live with us here in Los Angeles with more on this. Jeff?JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Trace, we just got our hands on this 31-page lawsuit, and it's just the latest chapter in a series of lawsuits that have been filed against both Sean "Diddy" Combs and now one that involves his son Christian Combs. Now, attorneys filed this suit on behalf of a woman name Grace O'Marcaigh. She worked as a crew member on board a yacht that was leased by Sean Combs and his family back in December of 2022. She was 25 at the time.The lawsuit claims in the early morning hours of December 28th, Christian Combs started pressuring O'Marcaigh to take shots of tequila. Soon after she said she felt scared and believed the alcohol was spiked. The lawsuit asserts Christian Combs then Sexually assaulted O'Marcaigh, grabbing parts of her body, trying to kiss her and force her to perform oral sex. O'Marcaigh lawyers claim to have audio recordings of some of these interactions.We should point out, Sean Combs, who is seen in some of these photos onboard that very yacht right around the same time period, you see here, isn't accused of any sexual assault in this suit, but was included for liability. Sean and Christian's lawyer Aaron Dyer released a statement saying in part, "We have not seen this woman's claim, but I'm sure we can expect the same kind of manufactured lies."Now, it was just last week when police and federal agents raided two properties owned by Diddy, one in California, the other in Florida. His son Christian was present during the Los Angeles raid. Diddy, who has been accused of sexual assault in other lawsuits, has not been charged with a crime and has denied all accusations of any wrongdoing. Trace?GALLAGHER: Jeff, thank you.The squatter crisis is moving west tonight. Seattle area taxpayers are paying rent for an alleged squatter shacking up in a $2 million suburban home. Now some residents pushing back. Dan Springer has the story from Bellevue, Washington.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DAN SPRINGER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Residents in this pricey neighborhood in Bellevue, Washington, with views of Seattle, are fighting back against what they call a government funded squatter. Sang Kim moved into this $2 million home in September 2022 with a reported yearly income of $400,000. But after one month, he stopped paying his $4,400 rent. Landlord Jaskaran Singh has filed three successfully eviction cases, but each time Kim is bailed out by taxpayers.JASKARAN SINGH, PROPERTY OWNER: Injustice. Justice is delayed. Delayed means denied. Two years of free taxpayers' money given to this guy. And somebody -- it's the same money. The taxpayer money is fighting against me.SPRINGER: Kim is being supported by the Housing Justice Project, a nonprofit branch of the King County Bar Association. It's getting $16 million in government funding this year, and it's now used that to pay Singh $88,000 in back rent, the most recent check for $47,000, allowing Kim to avoid eviction.WON JUNG JO, NEIGHBOR: I don't think this could happen, because how could he live without paying rent for one year-and-a-half? So, I'm very sad and angry.SPRINGER: And it's not the first time for Kim, according to court documents. He also lived in this $1.6 million house a mile away for two years without paying rent before being evicted. The owner was out more than $100,000. Singh's lawyer says since Kim moved into his clint's house he's bought two new cars, and both his wife and son have jobs. The lone Republican on the King County Council is calling for changes.REAGAN DUNN, (R) KING COUNTY, WASHINGTON, COUNCIL: The pendulum has swung so far in trying to help tenants that even serial squatters are now getting tens of thousands of dollars of taxpayer money to keep him in the house. It just doesn't make sense.(END VIDEO TAPE)SPRINGER (on camera): Councilmember Dunn is calling for an audit to be done on the Housing Justice Project. We contacted that group today, but they declined to explain or justify their support for this upscale -- upscale squatting. Trace?GALLAGHER: Dan Springer live for in us Bellevue. Dan, thank you.A policy change concerning babies born to addicted mothers is causing concern in Massachusetts tonight. One major hospital will no longer report those births to state welfare agencies. Nate Foy tells us why.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Massachusetts's largest hospital network will now require written consent before drug testing expecting mothers and newborn babies. Mass General Brigham argues its policy fights racism and promotes health equity. But a study of over 750,000 birth hospitalizations finds neonatal abstinence syndrome, which impacts newborns exposed to drugs like opioids. It's most common in white babies with parents on Medicaid living in low income zip codes. Still, supporters of the policy say it will decrease the burden on the child welfare system.THERESA HARMON, CLINICAL SOCIAL WORKER: It's not just a black and white situation. We've stigmatized a lot of moms that we don't need to stigmatize.FOY: Mass General Brigham referenced a report by the Biden-Harris administration, finding, quote, "having SUD, or substance use disorder in pregnancy is not by itself child abuse or neglect." The hospital system also tells FOX News, quote, "If there is reasonable cause to believe that an infant is suffering or at imminent risk of suffering physical or emotional injury, we will continue to report those cases as we always have."But a mother's drug use can have devastating impacts on newborn children.DR. ANNE MARIE RAINVILLE, OBSTETRICIAN-GYNECOLOGIST: There are effects to these babies in terms of neurological development. They are addicted to the medications that the mother has been taking during their pregnancy.FOY: State law in Massachusetts may soon provide more leniency to drug using mothers. A proposed bill would amend the state's requirement to report drug dependent babies to the Department of Children and Family.(END VIDEO TAPE)FOY (on camera): Mass General Brigham tells FOX News its policy is based on the latest science and brings the health care network in line with others across the country. Trace?GALLAGHER: Nate Foy live for us in New York. Nate, thank you.Coming up, what would some of our greatest U.S. presidents say about what is going on right now? We'll take a look at that.Plus, live pictures now from New York City. There you have it, looks like midtown Manhattan. In fact, it is Radio City across the way. They just felt a 4.0 aftershock that comes after the earthquake today. Epicenter, New Jersey, magnitude 4.8, one of the biggest earthquakes in hundreds of years to hit the northeastern part of the country. We will continue to bring you breaking news updates on the quake and the aftershocks after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, as Americans prepare to choose the next president, there are many lessons to be learned from past presidents. Tonight, we are doing just that with a noted author and historian. My colleague Bret Baier talks to Talmage Boston about his new book and how we can use wisdom from our greatest leaders every day.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Trace, thanks.This evening, we're going to discuss what we can learn from some of this country's most significant leaders.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DWIGHT EISENHOWER, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: America is today the strongest, the most influential, and most productive nation in the world.JOHN F. KENNEDY, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Man's reason and spirit have often solved the seemingly unsolvable.RONALD REAGAN, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We weren't just marking time. We made a difference.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Three of them there.Joining us tonight is author Talmage Boston. His latest book is called "How the Best Did It, Leadership Lessons from Our Top "Presidents." Talmage, good to see you. Congratulations.TALMAGE BOSTON, AUTHOR, "HOW THE BEST DID IT": Great to be here, Bret.BAIER: It's a really interesting read, and it really gives, it paints a picture about what are the qualities of these different leaders that led to their success.BOSTON: Yes. The target audience for the book is anybody who is or aspires to be a leader in any field, running a company, running a law firm, running a network, running a nonprofit. And to be able to take these timeless leadership traits exhibited by these eight top presidents, and for the reader to think about it, how can I start using those traits for my repertoire to be a better leader? So the idea is applied history. It's great to know history. It's even better to apply it to daily living.BAIER: I've been a big fan of history and writing about it, learning about it. I like the way you present this. What would America's best presidents say to us now? JFK, you write "To be in the best position to lead the country requires recognizing that final decisions about how best to address crucial issues often involves moral imperatives and not just political considerations." Each one of these men had a certain viewpoint it. But you take that to say how you could use it in your life.BOSTON: Right, of course, Kennedy made those remarks in the context of civil rights. That was one of the great moments of his presidency when, after Birmingham and the fire hose blasts on the children and the attack dogs on the adults, he got on television that night and said this is no longer a political issue. It's a moral issue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN F. KENNEDY, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We are confronted primarily with a moral issue.(END VIDEO CLIP)BOSTON: And soon thereafter submitted this strong civil rights bill that Lyndon Johnson ultimately pushed through for the Civil Rights Act. But presidents have got to be to be, to be successful and to be recognized historically, high integrity, great communicators, great organizers, but above all, self-awareness. Know your strengths, know your weaknesses, and where you're weak, bring in people who are strong who can make you better.BAIER: All right, here's another one. What would America's best presidents say to us now? Ronald Reagan, "If a principled president has strong long- term convictions and a clear vision for effectuating a brighter future, nothing can stop him from achieving his goals." Reagan was one of them.BOSTON: Well, Reagan said that in the context of his lifelong commitment to defeating communism, to winning the Cold War, his long time vision to achieve that objective, which over the course of his presidency he succeeded in.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONALD REAGAN, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)BOSTON: A big part of it was not only his eloquence as a speaker, but also his inherent optimism and the gift of inspiring optimism in others that made America remind itself of our exceptionalism and how, with an optimistic spirit as well as a long-term vision and the commitment to follow through, good things are going to happen.BAIER: So Talmage, as you know, we're getting ready for six months that are probably going to be pretty dark at times and pretty back and forth and negative ads. What do you take from this book to what we're about ready to face in this general election?BOSTON: I think much of the coming months toward the November election are not going to make us feel great about America. And yet we need to feel great about America. And I think the best way to do that is to read our rich history, read about how our greatest presidents achieved what they did, had the success they did, and remind ourselves that we're all human beings. It's possible now and in the future, if we'll just adhere to these basic traits of integrity, communication, interpersonal development, building relationships with those across the aisles, that's what makes government work, that's what makes for elective leadership. And hopefully in the future we're going to see more of that than we've seen in recent years.BAIER: It's a good read. Again, the book "How the Best Did It." Talmage Boston, we appreciate the time.BOSTON: Bret, thanks so much for having me.BAIER: Trace, we'll send it back to you.GALLAGHER: Bret, thank you.Continuing coverage now with breaking news. We talked about the earthquake that hit the northeast earlier this morning, 4.8 magnitude. It was felt over 14 states, significantly felt in places like New York City and New Jersey and Connecticut. And now we've been told just a short time ago, about 5:59 eastern time, the biggest of the aftershocks just hit, 4.0 magnitude. There have been several aftershocks throughout the day. This was the biggest one. Seismologists trying to figure out if there might be bigger ones coming. They do believe these aftershocks will continue in some capacity for the next 24, maybe 48 hours.It's notable this earthquake, the epicenter was in New Jersey, what was relatively shallow. In fact, it was very shallow, just about three miles below the surface. Anything three miles to, say, 30 miles, extraordinarily shallow, and the more shallow an earthquake is, the stronger it is felt on the ground above. We'll continue our coverage on the earthquake and more as SPECIAL REPORT continues.Meantime, up next, the Friday Lightning Round. The Biden administration Israel policy and the presidential race. And later, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Quick update to breaking news now in the earthquake that hit the northeast today. It was a 4.8 magnitude. It was centered in New Jersey, but it was felt over a wide area. In fact, some 14 states felt some of the rumbling and the shaking because of this earthquake. And a sort time ago there was an aftershock. In fact, it was the biggest aftershock of the day at 4.0.A lot of geologists and seismologists are baffled at this, because it really is one of the bigger earthquakes, maybe the biggest earthquake to hit the northeast in hundreds of years. There was a significant earthquake back in 2011 that also had the epicenter of New Jersey, not quite as strong, not felt over quite the area. There will be aftershocks, we're being told, and it could last for 24, maybe 48 hours, maybe the bit longer.The 4.0 aftershock we felt a short time ago was the strongest one that we have felt yet. And the concern becomes will there be more of that magnitude and will this also maybe trigger other earthquakes. For those who don't know, earthquakes are basically just you see the tectonic plates, they just bump against each other, and when they actually cross and go upwards, that's what causes the earthquake. One goes on top of the other and it disrupts the whole system. And that's why seismologists are now at the scene and doing some research to find out exactly how rare this really was, and look to see how it might happen again.And of course, as we have pointed out throughout this program, the more shallow the earthquake is -- this one was roughly four-and-a-half kilometers, three miles or so, that is very shallow. The shallower the earthquake is the more it is spread out on the land, which means the further it felt. And this one, as we said, felt over 14 states. That is significant.The deeper you go, and there have been earthquakes hundreds of miles deep, but the deeper you go, as a rule, the less the earthquake is felt. Unless it is a strong earthquake and then, of course, if it's a medium earthquake, it can be felt over a significant period, and do significant damage. We'll keep you up to speed on that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My administration's support for Israel's security is rock solid and unwavering.I told them, Bibi, and don't repeat this. But you and I are going to have a come-to-Jesus meeting.JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: We are willing to reconsider our own policy approaches here dependent upon what the Israelis do or don't do.GEN. JACK KEANE (RET), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: The Israelis have taken the right steps. They should have been given some credit to it as opposed to being wire-brushed in public.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Let's bring in our panel, Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner," Semafor politics reporter Shelby Talcott, and Daniel Lippman, of "Politico." Thank you all for coming on.Byron, to you first. You look at what's happened over the past weeks, and several days, it appears that this pressure from the left, from the far left, is affecting the president because he appears to be moving away from Israel. Would you agree?BYRON YORK, CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT, "THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER": Absolutely. Israel has a growing problem with the parts of the U.S. government that are headed by Democrats, meaning the White House, the executive branch, and the Senate. A lot of Democrats had already been uneasy with Israel's tactics in Gaza. And this sort of accidental three- part and very lethal attack on World Central Kitchen aid workers seems to have marked a real turning point here.And you do have Democrats now talking about putting conditions on aid to Israel. The Senate had passed this bill for aid to Ukraine and Israel. The problem in the House was supposed to be Ukraine. It still is, but Israel is a bit of a problem now, too.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is.Shelby, "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board writes the following, quoting, "Biden exploits a tragic Israel mistake. Mr. Biden has mostly resisted pressure from his left to cut off Israel an deny it the weapons it needs to defeat Hamas. But in the wake of this tragic Israeli mistake, and while interestingly goes on high alert for an Iranian attack, he threatens to reverse even that support. If he does so, he will send the wrong message to our friends and especially our enemies in the Middle East."Israel really has kind of tape the blame when the blame is deservedly Israel's, and in this case, they have taken the blame for this. They are trying to fix it. What do you make of the editorial board's statement?SHELBY TALCOTT, POLITICS REPORTER, SEMAFOR: Absolutely. And I think it was really interesting because I do think it's important to underscore what you just said, which is that Israel has taken responsibility for these situations. And I think Israel recognizes in this moment that their support, when I comes to the United States and Joe Biden, is on really thin ground. And so they are recognizing that, and that's going to be really important for them moving forward.And as for Joe Biden, I think it's notable that he has been under pressure for months not just from factions and members of the progressive Democrats, but from his own voters. His own voter base has been protesting him for months over his support for Israel, and so that's only growing.GALLAGHER: I want to play this sound because this is Martha MacCallum and John Kirby talking about the hit on the convoy, the aid convoy, versus what happened in Afghanistan three years ago, the United States. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: These are events that happened three years apart, two different geographic locations, two different countries. Two different sets of circumstances.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: They're not that different, though, John.KIRBY: I understand that the outcome -- I get the outcome --MACCALLUM: But why -- so this was a trigger moment, it appears, for the White House.KIRBY: I understand that there's similarities here, but it would be, I think, imprudent to try to compare two things that happened three years apart in two different conflicts.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: We apologize, Daniel We are now out of time because of breaking news. Thank you so much for coming on. We appreciate it, Byron, Shelby, Daniel.Now, we would usually bring you "Notable Quotables", but we want to close out the week by congratulating Bret Baier tonight. He is one of 11 being inducted this weekend into the Horatio Alger Association. The nonprofit educational organization honors achievements of outstanding individuals and the encouragement of youth to pursue their dreams through higher education. The Horatio Alger award is bestowed upon exceptional leaders who have triumphed over adversity to achieve greatness. The organization says recipients personify the American dream, and their life experiences are proof that with perseverance and unwavering belief, belief anything is possible in our country through the free enterprise system.Of course, Bret could not be here tonight because he is at this year's ceremony. Now, he was also one of the co-hosts of last year's awards. Bret says, quote, "I am deeply honored to become a Horatio Alger Member and join such a tremendously successful and philanthropic group of people." Congratulations to Bret.Thank you for Watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Trace Gallager. I'll see you back here on "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" at 11:00 eastern, 8:00 in the west. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" starts right now.