SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, former lawyer for Stormy Daniels and darling of the media mob, Michael Avenatti, will join us from prison. Now, apparently Avenatti has developed a new perspective as it relates to Donald Trump and America's system of justice. Now, we're going to hear from him straight ahead tonight.But, first, anarchy at America's college campuses, students harassed, police assaulted, university grounds littered with antisemitic signs, chants of "death to America," "death to Israel", and "we are Hamas" ring out. And far-left agitators are now disrupting life and spreading hatred all across the country.But your cowardly president has little to nothing to say, far away from all the chaos. Joe Biden, well, talked about doing lawn working boots, he also repeated the debunked tall tale about driving a big rig 18-wheeler. And for the second time this week, he asked Americans, quote, choose freedom over democracy. Does he ever know what he's saying, he then accidentally read the speaking cues off the teleprompter, you know, it says, four more years and then it says pause, meaning he should pause. Watch what he does.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Folks, imagine what we can do next, four more years, pause.(CHANTING)Are you ready?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, you have to tell them to say four more years and then you read pause when you're supposed to shush up.Anyway, of course, the official White House transcript made no mention of the word pause, instead writing inaudible. No, that was audible.Anyway, clearly, Joe Biden was even worse than usual today. We're going to have all the low lights coming up. But it doesn't take a genius to condemn the hateful anti-American, antisemitic temper-tantrum now underway sadly at universities all across our country.Now, Biden's Department of Justice can knock down the door of a peaceful pro-life protester. Surely, you would think they would do something to protect Americans from masked radicals calling for acts of terrorism, pledging allegiance to the terrorist group Hamas. But it's 2024, and the Biden campaign is desperately trying to squeeze every last vote from the Democratic Party's radical base. They don't want to piss him off.So the president, he's trying his best to just look the other way. By the way, I think Obama went to Columbia. His silence has been deafening also.And, by the way, others now cozying up to the most extreme members of his party like AOC, the squad leader, whose members have repeatedly been accused of antisemitism. One Jewish professor at Columbia University who is actually barred from campus for his own safety is now speaking out. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COLUMBIA PROFESSOR: AOC, I'm just -- she's an agent of chaos, that's the name. AOC is agent of chaos. And I am just looking forwards to my kids and grandkids reading about this chapter in history and the list of all the rabid antisemites and to see her name there. She is -- this is not peaceful protest and she's just -- she's lying to the people. She is lying to people just like Rashid Tlaib. This was targeting a race -- if this was targeting a sexual orientation, a sexual identity, the NYPD would have found something to do.Because this is targeting the Jews, Mayor Eric Adams speaks very highly about how much he cares and does nothing.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Many of the same campuses that if you use the wrong pronoun, you might face expulsion or if you ever said anything that was anti-LBGTQ community or racist, what would happen on those campuses.But "we are Hamas" is okay, supporting radical Islamic terrorism is okay on college campuses? Really?Meanwhile over on Biden's favorite network, MSDNC, the conspiracy channel, we heard the same thing from a professor at NYU. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NYU PROFESSOR: I can tell you if I went into the NYU square with a white hood on and said, lynch the Blacks or burn the gays, my ID would be shut off by that night, and I would never work in academia again. There would be no need for the words context or nuance. I wouldn't be protected by terms like First Amendment or free speech. I would be out of the world of academia.It seems like we have a double standard when it comes to hate speech as long as it's against Jews.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And I thought the left, I thought they cared about women's rights, and the rights of the LGBTQ community because in a lot of these countries, a lot of these terrorist groups, if you're gay, they will murder you. If you're a woman and you don't cover, you might be beaten.And yet the disruptive protest they continue at the University of Southern California, USC, so-called demonstrators there clashing with police as a violent scene was unfolding on USC's campus. Watch this.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: At Harvard, well, things were also insane there. Look at this.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: As this cancer spreads, look at Austin, Texas, a similar protest was quickly dispersed by authorities in full riot gear while student UT- Austin chanted "pigs go home". Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: In response, Texas Governor Abbott issued this statement, quote, he said, arrest being made right now and will continue until the crowd disperses. These protesters belong in jail. Antisemitism will not be tolerated in Texas, period.Governor Ron DeSantis, Florida, took similar action but again don't expect that kind of leadership out of Washington, D.C. Joe Biden, no, he has an election to win and he doesn't want to anger his base which is chockfull of now we can see vile antisemites.Back in New York City, the unlawful demonstrations continue now for the second straight week on and off college campuses. One anti-Israel mob even targeted Chuck Schumer's house in the city before the NYPD dispersed that crowd. Another deranged individual harassing Mayor Eric Adams on an airplane. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTER: Mayor Adams, yeah, (EXPLETIVE DELETED) you. You support the genocide in Palestine. They're homeless people all over New York. You're always partying. You don't actually care about the citizens of New York!(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Last night I said, leave Alec Baldwin alone. Now, I'm saying leaving the mayor of New York alone.Anyway, what do these deranged protesters even want? That brings us to the famous quote, when someone shows you who they are, believe them.When protesters say they are Hamas, believe them. When they call for a global intifada, believe them. When they chant "death to Israel, death to America", take them at their word. These people don't want to peaceful two- state solution. They want Israel, they want America, Israel first, wiped off the map.Israeli Prime Minister, well, Netanyahu, he put it this way. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: What's happening on America's college campuses is horrific. Antisemitic mobs have taken over leading universities. They call for the annihilation of Israel. They attack Jewish students. They attack Jewish faculty. This is reminiscent of what happened in German universities in the 1930s. It's unconscionable.It has to be stopped. It has to be condemned and condemned unequivocally, but that's not what happened. The response of several university presidents was shameful.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: What part of what happened a few months ago, October the 7th, where Israel suffered the worst terrorist attack in their history, so many people murdered and raped and beheaded and burned to death and so many others taken hostage, still held by Hamas.In the United States, around the world, disgusting, hate-filled protesters condemning Israel, the victim of terrorism, praising the terrorists responsible for that attack on October the 7th, where's everybody's moral compass? In the Washington swamp, Joe Biden has turned his back on Israel, stuck a knife in their back and twisted it all to capitulate to the radicals in his party as he tries to play both sides and the lead up to an election.Meanwhile, Nancy Pelosi trashing Netanyahu, demanding he resigned. Schumer calling for elections in the middle of a war, top Democrats have turned on America's closest ally and they did it without a second thought. Politics trumps all. It's a pathetic attempt to pacify lunatics like the squad members like AOC and Congresswoman Tlaib, and Omar, and their friends chanting "death to America" in the streets of New York City, and elsewhere.This is all about appeasing their radical base to get votes, even if it means abandoning the world's war against radical terrorism. This election is about so much more than 194 days than Republican versus Democrat or Trump versus Biden. This is about sanity and common sense versus insanity. This is about Americans who want to make this country a more perfect union, versus Americans who want to tear the country to the ground. Like the summer of 2020 that nobody wanted to investigate.Our very own Steve Harrigan has been monitoring a lot of the protests in New York City today. He joins us with more -- Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sean, more than 200 protesters arrested overnight in New York, again, this time many of them near Senator Schumer's house.And House Speaker Johnson came right in the lines down here to Columbia faced off with those demonstrators said it was wrong for Jewish students here at Columbia to feel like they have a target on their back. He also told the demonstrators that their movement has been endorsed by the terrorist group Hamas and he also criticized them directly saying they're wasting their parents' money, they should get back to class.Now, Columbia had set a deadline of midnight for the tents to be cleared away from the campus. They pushed that deadline back to 8:00 this morning, and now they've pushed it again another 48 hours. They say they're going to take measures, it's not clear at this point what those measures are going to be.But the speaker was a lot more clear. He said he wouldn't rule out sending in the National Guard here, and he also said the demonstrators should be arrested.Sean, back to you.HANNITY: All right. Steve Harrigan, thank you.Joining us now with reaction, we have FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer, Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz is with us.You know, professor, I got to ask you a tough question and I know you're a Democrat but you and I agree on this issue. We actually agree on a lot of issues. We don't -- we both agree that our Department of Justice shouldn't be weaponized. We agree on antisemitism.But as a Democrat, Joe Biden has not stood by Israel. He helped make the Iranian mullahs rich so they can foment more terror and proxy wars. Chuck Schumer in the middle of a war for their very survival after the worst terror attack in Israel's history is calling for elections and Nancy Pelosi is saying to basically totally disconnect from Israel.They're our top ally, Professor. They're not asking for boots on the ground. They were asking for munitions to be -- that they that they're willing to pay for and America abandoned them. Israel did not abandon America after 9/11, professor. Can you support this party that is trying to appeal, their silence is deafening because they want the votes of these radicals?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: No, I can't support this party, and I have an open mind as to who I will vote for. But let me tell you that I think a lot of people are missing the point. This is a repetition of what happened in the 1970s. How do I know? I represented a lot of the radicals in the 1970 who were protesters. What happened to those protesters? Some of them became actual terrorists. The weather underground, people like Kathy Boudin and Bernardine Dohrn, they blew up American institutions.HANNITY: And Bill Ayers.DERSHOWITZ: They blew up recruitment centers, and Bill Ayers and others, and I'm afraid that in the groups that are now yelling "we are Hamas," they will become Hamas. When Hamas comes to this country and it will as it's coming to Europe, if Israel is not allowed to defeat it in Gaza, they are coming to a theater near you and they will recruit some of these people who are standing outside of Columbia yelling "we love Hamas rockets", and we'll say to them. You know, do you know a synagogue that maybe doesn't have good security? Do you know an army base?And these radical protesters will turn from advocates to insiders to actual terrorists. So this is not only about Israelis. This is not only about American and Israeli hostages. This is about your children, your university, your synagogue, this is coming to America.And what terrifies me is that we're not thinking hard about this. People have to go back and study the 1970s. It's a very easy jump from advocating for Hamas to joining Hamas and becoming a fifth column in this country. That will endanger every American.So this is not only about Gaza. It's about Brooklyn. It's about Chicago. It's about Los Angeles. It's about Denver. It's about your family and we have to stop it now, stop it in Gaza, and make sure that these people, students and non-students, mostly non-students aren't allowed to move from advocates of Hamas to supporters and comp -- and people or co-conspirators with Hamas because otherwise, we will be the victims of Hamas right here in the United States with this fifth column helping and supporting Hamas bring about terrorism, because the goal is the destruction of America. That's the ultimate goal.HANNITY: Listen, I would argue, Professor, I pray you're wrong, but I know you're right. And I'm 100 percent certain.DERSHOWITZ: I do, too. I do, too.HANNITY: On 9/11, you were with President Bush `01, you were with him that that at that time. And now since then with over 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants, okay, tens of thousands coming from China and Russia and Iran the number one state sponsor of terror, their satellite Syria, Egypt, home of the Muslim Brotherhood, Afghanistan, home of al-Qaeda and ISIS-K, they're here, Ari. What the professor just said is going to happen. It's not -- it's not if, it is when. This is going to happen and what's going on here, the sympathy that they're garnering should put a chill down the spine of any peace-loving American because that 9/11 2.0 is here in the country.I have every belief that I'm right. I pray to God I'm wrong.DERSHOWITZ: You are right.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Sean, you know there's a very straight line between what's happening on these campuses with the faculty, with the administrations and with the Biden administration on the southern border. They refuse to do what's right and enforce their rules to keep people out who don't belong here. Why? Because they think that they in this liberal notions that they have that there is something wrong, something autocratic, something that's just police state.If you actually live by rules, if you are a nation of laws, and so in the case of Columbia, this is not hard, what they should have done and what the University of Texas did today and I believe also the University of Minnesota, was as soon as the first tent went up, they took it away. As soon as the second tent went up, they took it away. They arrest people and they threatened to expel people.If you don't want to turn Columbia's campus into to Occupy Wall Street, which lasted for months, then you've got to crack down you don't negotiate, you say you're on private property what you're doing is against the rules, we enforce rules, you're gone, that's how you stop this and nip it in the bud. Otherwise, these protesters, these disruptors who don't believe in private property, they think that land is theirs. They think they can occupy it because they have occupied it.And every day an administration looks the other way and negotiates it reinforces it reinforces their view that the land is theirs. So, no, you've got to be strong. You've got to move in and do the right moral thing and enforce your rules. Same thing on the southern border, the reason so many people are com in here is because we don't enforce the rules.Same thing on these campuses.DERSHOWITZ: You don't cancel classes. You don't cancel classes. You take students to their classes with armed guards. You do what they did in the South when they integrated the South.HANNITY: I agree with you, Professor.DERSHOWITZ: You do not cancel classes. Don't let them close you down, make the students come and protect them. That's what Columbia should have done.HANNITY: Well said, Professor. Well said, Ari. Thank you both.All right. Now as we continue, joining us now is Israel's former special envoy for combating antisemitism, Noa Tishby, and the Lawfare Project's executive director, Brooke Goldstein, is with us.Noa, let me start with you. You see what's happening. You have your experience. You have your background. What is the answer?NOA TISHBY, ISRAEL'S FORMER SPECIAL ENVOY FOR COMBATING ANTISEMITISM: Well, the answer is to fight back there's no question about that look what we're seeing right now is the floodgates of fully opened for antisemitism to be on full display in America. This started with weak leadership at Columbia University which sent a message to the rest of the campuses that this is going to fly. It has to be stopped.And here's another thing that we all need to pay very close attention to. This is what we have been talking about when we were talking about antisemitism and anti-Zionism being one and the same. Now I'm pretty sure that the majority of Americans understand that this is what's going on. There has been a slow decay of the standing of Israel around the world in academia, which was intentional. It's been done by design, not by accident, delegitimizing Israel's right to exist, turning Israel into a toxic country almost like a pariah state, which what this leads to is full-fledged antisemitism.Calling to gas the Jews when you don't approve of a certain action of the Israeli government is nothing but antisemitism, and it is shape-shifting conspiracy theory this is what it shape shifted into today.HANNITY: You know what was sad is, Brooke, we don't have a president of the -- of our country that has the moral courage. He's a coward, to speak out strongly and condemn this, and take action to support the safety and security of every kid on every campus as Professor Dershowitz explained, what they should be doing.BROOKE GOLDSTEIN, THE LAWFARE PROJECT EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR: Thank you, Sean. It's really great to be here with you again tonight.And you're absolutely right, our leadership has no courage but what's so scary is that it seems as though they have been emboldened by the antisemitism on our streets. How is it that President Biden today gave praise to AOC after she showed support for the pro-Hamas protesters?What we are seeing right now on our streets and on our campuses is an illegal occupation. Columbia University, which the Lawfare Project is suing right now for unlawful discrimination has become Uden Ry (ph). They have told their Jewish students to stay home, they have told a Jewish professor to stay home, and in the meantime, they're negotiating with pro-Hamas protesters.And what are we being occupied by? We're being occupied by radical Islamist theology that has been imported from the Middle East to the tunes of billions of dollars from Qatar, and the question is, how is this happening and why? How is it that they are so coordinated? They're all chanting the same slogans, who is paying for the buses, who is paying for the private planes that are bringing in the outside agitators? Why do they have all of them the same green tents? Who is producing this massive amount of literature?And how are we allowing this to happen? Where is the DOJ? Where is the NSA? This is a national security concern.So America needs to wake up. You know, just like we were bombed by the Japanese in Pearl Harbor well into World War II, and that woke us up, we have been bombed, okay? And Americans need to wake up right now so that there is a course correction because they are following the exact textbook how to overthrow a democracy.HANNITY: Yep, I think you're right.Noa, I'll give you the last word here. And I think about this and I think long and hard about this. You know, it -- tell me why a president of the United States of America can't just take the simple, most basic and fundamental stand which would be against evil in our time and tell Israel to win your war against terrorism after the worst terror attack in your history? Why is he lecturing them -- why is he, you know, comparing them with the State Department to Hamas?TISHBY: I think it's not surprising that this has happened right before an election in America. This is exactly why it's happening. It's exactly designed to tear America from within.And for that, we need to follow the money. And with that, with that, we need to see where this is coming from. And we need to understand what does political Islam wants, what does Jihadism want? When they say "death to America" and "death to Israel", this is what they're after. And do we want a Sharia law state here and do we want these pro-Hamas agitators to win? The answer is absolutely not.HANNITY: Well said, both of you. Noa, thank you. Brooke, thank you.When we come back, Senator Josh Hawley, he is calling on Biden to send the National Guard to Columbia and other colleges to protect Jewish students from the pro-Hamas protesters. He's next as we continue our coverage.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. This is a FOX News alert. You are looking at live pictures of an anti-Israel protest on the campus of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. And tonight with antisemitic protests raging at Columbia in New York City, and other elite campuses around the country, well, Senators Tom Cotton and Josh Hawley, they are now calling on Biden to take action and mobilize the national guard to protect Jewish students, and with Senator Hawley likening the situation to Eisenhower's decision to send the National Guard to protect the Little Rock Nine.Meanwhile, Biden's rampant hypocrisy back in the spotlight tonight, this time over his use of TikTok. Remember he just signed a law to force the sale of the app in nine months or ban it entirely in the country. His campaign announced they're going to continue to use the Chinese owned social media platform, you can't make it up.Here with reaction, Missouri Senator Josh Hawley.Senator, let's talk about the guard that you're calling for which I believe would be the right call, but I don't see Biden wanting to alienate his radical base. I think that's why he's not going to do it.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Well, sure. I mean, this is all about the fact that that he has a pro-Hamas base, Sean. But listen, Eisenhower did the right thing back in '57 when he sent the 101st Airborne to Little Rock. Why not do it for Jewish Americans?I mean, it shouldn't be that in this country in this day and age that if you are a Jewish American, you fear for your life because all of these bougie jihadists at these universities whose brains are addled by TikTok are out there calling for your death calling for the destruction of the state of Israel.I mean, what is going on on these campuses? Send in the National Guard and wake these kids up. I mean, they ought to know they can't do this. They ought to know they don't have any right to occupy these campuses. They don't have any right to threaten their fellow students. They ought to snap them out of it and the national guard would help do it.HANNITY: But are they supposed to be the best and brightest? Isn't it supposed to be hard to get into an Ivy League institution? Could they really be that ignorant? Do they not realize that in countries that believe -- that take on Sharia law, radicalize countries like Iran for example, if you're gay or lesbian, they'll murder you? If you're a woman and you're not fully covered, they'll beat the hell out of you -- among the many other restrictions and civil rights violations.Whatever happened to the woke left in this country? Whatever happened to the belief in women's rights and gay rights and all the things they said they believe in? Are they -- are they just willing to bifurcate their brains and ignore that which they said that they were so passionate about?HAWLEY: Totally 100 percent. That's 100 percent what they're willing to do, Sean, and you can just see them. I mean, listen, these are the people who are standing around wearing N95 masks outdoors, doing interpretive dance and calling for jihad.I mean, these are insane people. As I said, I mean, they're spending way too much time on TikTok and social media, their brains are rotted and their brains have been rotted by the university system, Sean.These universities are cash machines. They are sitting on giant endowments. They're not really educational facilities. They're giant private equity funds who have taken your money, taxpayer money, and now are using it to pump out this pro-Hamas propaganda.It's a disgrace to this country. These students are a disgrace, and all of this needs end.HANNITY: Well, you know, we know what this is about. Joe got freaked out over 100,000 Democratic primary voters in Michigan voted for undecided or uncommitted rather. That's over 100,000 -- that was 18.9 percent of Democratic presidential primary voters, 56,000 in Wisconsin. About 40,000 yesterday in Pennsylvania. So we know what he's freaked out about.Let me get your reaction. I mean, Joe Biden just signed a law that says that TikTok has to be sold in nine months or it's going to be banned in the U.S. But his campaign announced that they're going to continue to use it. Can you explain that logic to me?HAWLEY: Yeah, sure. It's because this campaign is run by a bunch of pro- TikTokers. I mean that's why. This is all about pandering to his base, and they have decided that his base are a bunch of pro-Hamas radicals.I mean, let's be honest about it. Joe Biden himself -- I mean, Sean, he doesn't know how to use an iPhone. He probably doesn't know how to use a flip phone. I mean, he's not doing this. This is all about the people who are running his campaign for him and they will do anything to pander.And I tell you what, the amount of pro-Hamas propaganda on TikTok, I mean, it is a Tik -- it is a propaganda factory pushing out this propaganda from China trying to divide the country, trying to destroy Jewish Americans, and the Biden administration, they're happy to go along with it because they want these people's votes.HANNITY: Yeah. Agreed. Anyway, we really appreciate your time, Senator Josh Hawley. And I hope it's not happening in your state of Missouri.All right. When we come back, a lot more news tonight. Joe Biden may have made his worst blunder ever and that's saying a lot. We've got the tape. You don't want to miss that later.Also, my interview with Michael Avenatti from prison about Trump's criminal trial in New York, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. I want everyone to pause and watch what may be Joe Biden's worst gaffe yet. That's saying a lot.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Folks, imagine what we can do next. Four more years, pause --(CHANTING)Are you ready?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: So force the crowd to chant four more years because they're not going to do it on their own and when you say those words, then you shush up and then the crowd actually gets the point and they do it on their own. Four more years, pause. Wow.Anyway, and when the White House sent out their official transcript later today, it said inaudible, instead of pause. It was very audible.This is not the first time that teleprompter was defeating Joe Biden and unfortunately for Joe, that wasn't the only embarrassing blunder that he made this week. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Are you ready to choose freedom of democracy, for democracy?I still sometimes cut the yard. They don't -- this -- the Secret Service doesn't let me do it anymore.Trump and his MAGA allies want to repeal the most significant investments in climate ever, the work that that you risk your life doing, lots of it.I don't know why he -- we're surprised by Trump. How many times he have to prove we can't be trusted?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANITY: How many times you have to prove it?All right. It's speeches like these that remind the American people that Joe is a cognitive mess, unfit to lead this country. Sad in many ways, also explains why Trump is leading in the polls. I mean, massive numbers. We just have out the "Morning Consult", and poll form Bloomberg that came out. And it's pretty. They have now Trump leading Biden by seven points in Arizona, 49-42, six points in Georgia, 49-43, eight points in Nevada, 51- 43, ten points North Carolina, wow.And the Republican also led his Democratic rival by four points in Wisconsin, but that's the only one within the margin of error.Tomi Lahren who is fearless, of course, on Outkick is with us, as well as the co-host of "The Big Money" show on FOX Business, Brian Brenberg.Tomi, start with you. That's the biggest lead Donald Trump has ever had that, I've seen in the swing state polls. I think there are a lot of reasons for it. What are your thoughts? I know you think -- you're going to tell me Gavin Newsom is going to replace him, but before you tell me that, what do you think of the numbers?TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Well, I'll tell you this, it's really unfortunate that Donald Trump hasn't been able to be on the campaign trail but the silver lining in that is that Joe Biden seems to be on the campaign trail for Donald Trump, even saying you know that he's messing everything up in his own words. So there's that. It's nice that Joe is actually out there actively campaigning for Donald Trump.But I think what's also really horrifying here with Joe Biden and him making another gaffe with his teleprompter is that he's unaware of what he's reading on the teleprompter. You know, often times, you have speech writers, people that write things maybe a little bit better more eloquently than you're able to, but he quite frankly doesn't have any idea of what's actually being written for him. He just goes up there and he reads it which is why he says things like pause.I don't know about you, Sean, but I didn't elect his teleprompter operator and I don't think any American did. So I'd like Joe to have a mastery of what he's going to be telling the American people and he quite frankly does not at all. He's completely oblivious to what he's even talking about, and that should horrify every American.HANNITY: Yeah. And if you look at the internals of these polls, Brian, you see that the economy, immigration are top issues. I forgot to mention, he's -- Trump would be up by one in Pennsylvania, up two in Michigan, again up by seven in Arizona, six in Georgia, eight in Nevada, 10 points North Carolina.Those are big numbers and a big swing for a guy that's sitting in a courtroom all day, dealing with an old misdemeanor count whose statute of limitations have run out with a trial held by a judge that donated to -- in this case, Joe Biden in 2020, and whose family seems compromised and but they're hell-bent on letting this case go forward. Maybe it's working out for Trump, keep Biden out there and maybe Trump stays in the courtroom and people get pissed at a dual system of justice.BRIAN BRENBERG, FBN HOST: Yeah, I think Biden is doing all the work that Trump needs him to do to make the case for somebody else to be president. I got to tell you though, Biden can't read a script and he can't speak off script, but everybody in his bureaucratic morass who is passing all the regulation and trying to increase all the taxation and trying to run your lives, they know how to stay on script. They are playing exactly to the playbook they want to play. So we can talk about the president being an empty shell and he is, but if this administration stays in power any longer, all of the things that have made the economy the number one issue are going to get worse, because these guys know how to use Biden, they know how to use him to get their left-wing agenda through and I got to tell you, it's bad for America, but they're getting a lot of it done right now, Sean.HANNITY: You know, if you look at immigration, if you look at foreign policy, if you look at the economy, Tomi Lahren, are you still believing he gets replaced between now and election day?I still firmly believe that, but it's not just Joe Biden that's the thread. Brian's exactly right. It's the Democrat leftist agenda that's the real threat. So whether it's Joe Biden up there gaffing or it's Gavin Newsome who's speaking eloquently and able to complete a sentence, it really doesn't matter. The American people need to understand that it's not just whoever has the D behind their name, it's the Democrat agenda itself that's destroying America.So I would ask Americans, go back four years ago. Maybe you didn't like the tweets, maybe you emotionally didn't feel good about the guy in the White House, but economically, fiscally and safety-wise, you felt pretty good and if you're honest with yourself, you'll admit that. Remember that and vote on it.HANNITY: All right. We're running out of time.Brian, is Joe Biden going to be replaced? Do you agree with Tomi, or do you think he makes it?BRENBERG: Oh, no, he's sticking around because the Democrats love everything they can get done through his empty head apparently and his inability to have an independent thought. That's all you want if you're a leftist.HANNITY: The fact that he's kissing the ass of these protesters and taking on Israel has him on the wrong side of history. The American people are watching. That's going to hurt too.Thank you both.When we come back, Stormy Daniels' former attorney Michael Avenatti joins us from prison and gives his surprising take on Trump's trial in New York, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right, New York's ridiculous trial of former President Donald Trump brought one name back into the headlines. The name you might remember from 2018, Stormy Daniels' attorney, Michael Avenatti. By the way, we reached out to Stormy's new attorney. They haven't got back to us.Meanwhile, Avenatti is currently in prison after convictions for extortion, fraud, identity theft. And he recently told "Fox News Digital" that he thinks Trump has become a, quote, "victim of the system."Earlier today, I spoke with Michael Avenatti about the case from prison.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HANNITY: All right, joining us now is Michael Avenatti. Michael, thank you for being with us.MICHAEL AVENATTI, FORMER STORMY DANIELS' ATTORNEY (on the phone): Good to be with you, Sean.HANNITY: 19 years in prison, no possibility of parole. That's daunting. I don't wish that on anybody, I'll be very honest. I'm not going to rehash all the stuff that goes behind this, but I'm sure that reality is now set in. What's your life like in there?AVENATTI: Well, I'm doing fine. You know, I'm very blessed, Sean. I've gotten back in touch with my faith. My family's stuck by me.You know, 19 years is a draconian sentence, and I've got some pending appeals. It's far in excess of anything I should have ever received, but I'm trying to keep my chin up.HANNITY: OK, I understand. I'm sure it's not easy. Let me go to the heart of this -- this case now that is going on in New York, about $130,000, you know, eight years ago, and -- and you have said you defended Trump as a victim of the system. I think there's a lot of issues involving the statute of limitations. I have issues involving the judge and donating to Biden. I have issues involving potential conflicts with his family. I have potential -- I have problems with how did they get from a misdemeanor to felony charges on the federal level.As a lawyer, and I'll ask you that first, when you look at the charges itself and the timeframe and the judge donating to Biden and possible other family conflicts, what's your reaction to that?AVENATTI: The case is grossly unfair, Sean, and that's going to come as a surprise to a lot of people. But I strongly believe that, what is happening right now to President Trump -- and let me be clear, I disagree with President Trump on about 95% of the issues at a minimum. But one thing he and I agree on, and that is that the politicization of these cases, in this case in particular, is gross, it's uncalled for, and it's flat out wrong.This is an effort to deprive millions of Americans of their choice for president. This guy has been indicted now in four cases up and down the entire East Coast. Sean, in this country, we don't have serial killers who are prosecuted at the same time in four different cases. The timing is wrong, the case is wrong, and he's not receiving due process.HANNITY: Let me ask you, because you were once, FoxNews.com did an article and they had an interview with you, and they pointed out the one time, quote, "most dangerous enemy of Donald Trump, who a lot of people on the left thought would bring down President Trump's -- bring down his presidency," and you know, I remember at the time, I actually met you one time, and I remember at the time that you were passionate, you had the media all over you, you had the media even suggesting, some of them, that you might run for president one day.And -- and obviously, you're taking a very different posture now about the case, about where you were then, what you were saying then, and what you are saying now. Is it your experience that contributed to this, or is this the entire -- the totality of what happened with you and your former client, the totality of what happened, I guess, with Michael Cohen, the totality of what happened in your own life? Explain, it's such a different -- it's such a different Michael Avenatti to me. Can you explain that?AVENATTI: Well, I think it's all of what you mentioned, Sean. I do recall when we met, actually, and I recall you and I got along pretty well, actually, that night. But separate, apart from that, I've learned a lot over the last five to six years, Sean.You know, I've been a product of the system, if you will. I've been ground through the system, fighting three cases at one time. I've learned a lot about the media. I've learned a lot about what it's like when the government comes for you, when you're targeted. I've learned a lot about what it means to really get due process or to be deprived of due process. And so, you know, they say you can't teach an old dog new tricks.Well, I guess that's not true, because I've certainly grown a lot and learned a lot over the last five years. And that's why I'm saying what I'm saying now. And I firmly believe it.HANNITY: Let me ask you a question. I mean, if you were to testify in this case, you know that the prosecution would want to impeach you as a witness. And -- and obviously all the issues you've had to deal with over the last number of years, all of that would be brought up. How would you handle that?AVENATTI: I'd handle it directly. I'd handle it truthfully. And I can promise you that I'd be a hell of a lot better witness than Michael Cohen could ever hope to be.(END VIDEOTAPE)HANNITY: All right. And coming up, a Secret Service officer assigned to Kamala Harris's detail, this is breaking news, reportedly had an altercation with other agents. We have that live report straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: A Secret Service agent assigned to Kamala Harris was hospitalized on Monday after displaying, quote, distressing behavior.Kevin Corke has this breaking story -- Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Sean.A scary moment for the Secret Service detail assigned to the vice president. We're getting word tonight that on Monday, an agent exhibiting distressing behavior over at JBA, that would be Joint Base Andrews, and as she pointed out, that agent was hospitalized.Now according to sources, the agent was speaking incoherently and provoked another officer physically, even pushing the special agent in charge while they were near the lounge at JBA.In a statement provided to FOX, the Secret Service says the agent was removed from their assignment while medical personnel were summoned. The vice president was over at the Naval Observatory when the incident occurred no impact on her departure from JBA. They go on to say that the Secret Service takes the safety and health of our employees very seriously. This was a medical matter. We will not disclose any further details.Now, after the agent receives additional medical attention and further evaluation, Sean, it'll be determined if they can return to work. Usually then after an internal review, it's then determined if the top secret clearance is removed for medical or for disciplinary reasons -- Sean.HANNITY: Kevin Corke, thank you for that report. Scary.All right. Thank you for being with us. That's all the time we have. Please set your DVR so you never miss an episode.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Thanks for being with us. Have a great night.