SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity."And tonight, in the Middle East, a paper tiger has been humbled. And back at home, well, your president has never look more weak.Just 24 hours ago, Israel defied Joe Biden. They launched a counterstrike against the Islamic Republic of Iran, and they did it with just three missiles and is Israel reportedly took out a critical missile defense system defending Iran's main nuclear facility.Now, the message was very clear. Israel can and they will obliterate Iran's nuclear program if the Islamic Republic dares to launch another attack. Now, Israel in many ways shocked the world as they showed frankly how easy it was for them to penetrate deeply into Iranian territory.That's even after Biden abandoned them. Why? To appease his radical Democratic base which is the radical Democratic Party.Now, tonight, apparently that message was received. According to "Reuters," Tehran is now playing down the attack and signaling that there will not be any retaliation. Also tonight, there are three main losers in this international conflict. Let's go through them.Without a doubt the biggest loser from last night to today was Joe Biden. Now, late last week, you might recall when the Islamic Republic of Iran was about to strike Israel, Biden politely told the mullahs in Iran, quote, don't, and then he shuffled off to the beach. The very next day, Iran, they attacked Israel, 170 drone strikes, more than cruise missiles, 120 ballistic missiles, 99 percent of them were stopped. They never landed at their target.Now a few days later, when Israel was planning their response, Biden once again uttered his favorite praise, don't. This time, he was telling Prime Minister Netanyahu, don't respond, give Iran a pass.Now, Israel then disregarded Biden thankfully, and they went ahead with last night's targeted attack and reportedly keeping Joe out of the loop, wisely so, until the last minute. Now the world simply has no respect for Joe Biden. That's why he is the biggest loser.Nobody listens to him. Nobody cares what he has to say. Nobody thinks he's even -- even knows what day of the week it is. And just to keep track, Biden's one-word foreign policy, I guess we can call it the Biden doctrine, the don't doctrine, is disregarded by our enemies. It is disregarded by our allies and a few weeks ago, oh, the Houthi rebels, you might recall, they ignored Biden's don't, and continue to attack cargo ships.And who could forget when Biden told Putin don't, and then Russia did invade Ukraine.Joe Biden is batting a thousand. Now maybe we need a new Biden bumper sticker that reads, when don't means do, because they keep doing when he says don't.Now here's the elephant in the room, the word don't is about as complex as Biden is, you know, capable of getting to. Now here he is today struggling to just get basic simple words out the typical mumbling, bumbling, stumbling that's gotten worse all week. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Preparations look for the cheapest labor in the world, sent the jobs -- sent the product to those -- sent the jobs of those laborers whether they're in Asia or Europe, wherever they were, and then they sent the product back home.Well, instead of important foreign products, I'm exporting for their products.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: While Biden withers on the world stage, Israel, they are standing up to radical Islamic terrorists that attacked them. They are standing up to their biggest foe and that brings us to the next loser, and that would be the Islamic Republic of Iran, and the mullahs of Iran. This country's radical regime, they usually hide behind their proxies. In other words, they use foreign terror groups, Hamas, Hezbollah, the Houthi rebels, as pawns to do their dirty work.Last weekend, the mullahs finally mustered up a little bit of courage. They felt emboldened because Joe Biden's the president, and he's been trying to appease them and they attacked Israel directly.Now, that resulted in utter and complete humiliation. If you recall on Saturday, Iran launched more than of their most sophisticated missiles and drones towards Israel, 99 percent of the projectiles were shot down, most by the way before they were even able to enter Israeli airspace. The United States and Jordan, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, they all helped the defend Israel, shooting down Iran's missiles and drones.But during last night's targeted Israeli strike against Iran, yeah, nobody came to Iran's defense and with just three missiles, Israel was able to send shivers down the spine of the radical Islamists in charge of Iran. And now, it's time to finish the job.Now, the world should come together and take out Iran's nuclear sites. A lot of people have been saying, military expert after military expert, oh, that's going to be the most difficult task of all to take out their country's nuclear sites because they're spread all around the country and they're very deep in the ground. Look how deep Israel was able to penetrate into Iranian territory.But if you take out those nuclear sites, well, guess what? That would be a big sigh of relief for the entire world.The next thing, you want to cut off the country's finances take out their oil refineries squeeze the regime and return to the peace through strength policies that the world enjoyed during the previous president, under Donald Trump. Iran had no money. Their proxies were weakened. Its reign of terror was held in check. Soleimani is dead.Biden then came into office, gave them billions and billions, turned a blind eye to them selling oil on the world stage. They weigh sanctions, so billions of dollars from Iraq could flow into their coffers, they stopped enforcing sanctions and then of course they wanted to restart the ridiculous nuclear deal that began in the Obama Biden administration. Now, the results, they speak for themselves.And by the way, let's not forget, Biden through Israel, our closest ally in the Middle East under the bus.Now that brings us to our next loser, and that would be Joe Biden's radical base right here in this country. Biden publicly has trashed Israel in their time of need, abandoned them, stabbed them in the back, twisted that that knife, all in an effort to win back votes from far-left extremists that really are in charge of his party. These are people, many of whom, many, not all that hate America capitalism and Israel, but regularly defend Hamas, Hezbollah, the Islamic Republic of Iran. Take a look at your screen, 13 Democrats, they refuse to comply and simply condemn Iran's attack on Israel.Where is their moral compass? Where is their moral clarity? You can't -- you can't stand up against the number one state sponsor of terror? You're going to support the people that help provide the weaponry and the plotting and the planning through the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, and the Quds forces of the October 7th attack? You can't condemn that?Meanwhile, during protests, we rarely ever see the faces of these radical agitators, kind of like the Ku Klux Klan. They like to hide their identities behind their masks and their scarves. But now, we do see their true colors and it's not a pretty picture. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Remember the 7th of October. Never forget the 7th of October. Never forget the 7th of October.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That will happen not one more time, not five more times, not 10 more times, not 100 more times, not a thousand more times --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You ready? You ready? The 7th of October is about to be every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Here with more, FOX News contributor, retired Lieutenant General Keith Kellogg and Florida Congressman Mike Waltz is with us.Congressman, let me start with you. We've been talking to you in the lead- up to what happened last night. I think what really impressed me the most is -- and I've interviewed a lot of military experts over the years, and when you would talk about taking out Iranian nuclear sites, they would all discuss how they're spread over -- you know, Iran is a very big country. They're spread throughout the country, that very deep into the ground, they probably would need the help of this country. They would need our bunker buster bombs, but it would be one of the most difficult operations ever.Last night, look how deep into Iranian territory Israel was able to penetrate. That frankly debunked what I think probably is a myth that we couldn't take out their nuclear sites and do it fairly easily. Am I wrong in concluding that?REP. MIKE WALTZ (R-FL): Yeah, Sean, the message from Israel to Iran was you can't hit us, we can hit you, we can hit you in your most sensitive military, your best protected sites deep within Iran, just south of Tehran, and we can hit Natanz. The -- some of the areas that were hit were their major air base south of Tehran and then also the air defense systems, Russian made, highly sophisticated around their nuclear site.And I think you're right. I've been questioning the intelligence for years, this kind of consensus that's built under the Obama-Biden administration and continued that we can't take it out. Look at how Iran has responded. Iran's thrown its hands up and said no more.So I think the only thing that's going to deter them at this point is the belief at least, no one's calling for war, but the belief that Israel could take out their crown jewels.You hit on another thing, Sean. Look, if Biden and Schumer were serious, they would be passing secondary sanctions on the Chinese buyers and brokers and refiners of Iranian oil. We've had that bill sitting in the Senate. It's passed the House, along with Israel aid that's been sitting there since last November. But instead, Schumer's calling for regime change and Biden is scared out of what's left of his mind about losing Michigan and they're all pandering to their left and running away from our greatest ally Israel, which is only inviting more aggression from Iran.HANNITY: Well, while Israel is in a fight for their survival after the worst terror attack in their history, for Chuck Schumer to go out and call for elections, for Nancy Pelosi to say we need to cut off any armed support for Israel, that they're not looking for free weapons. They just want to buy them I think shows the state of the Democratic Party.General, let me ask you this question. Now that Israel showed the world that they were able to penetrate very deeply into Iran, I think there's got to be a reconfiguration. I truly believe that those radical mullahs, if God forbid they ever got nuclear weapons, coupled with their very ugly, sick, twisted ideology, I believe they'd probably use them, and I think the free world has got to understand that that is a reality we can never face. I think the countries of Jordan and Egypt and Saudi Arabia and the emirates - - I think they would probably agree with us on that point because Donald Trump showed that an alliance that nobody thought possible maybe eight years ago, he was able to build with all of those countries. I think it might be time for everybody to get together and think about taking out those sites because the IAEA is warning they may be very close to acquiring nuclear weapons. Your thoughts?LT. GEN. KEITH KELLOGG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. It's almost counterintuitive, and thanks for having me, Sean, that the attacks by the Israelis and also by Iran because really it exposed a lot of things. One, Iran attacked Israel direct and then Israel responded by attacking Iran direct and there's no surrogates. And they used their high-end weapon systems on both sides and show the real weakness of the Iranian leadership, their missile systems when they be defeated by the Israeli systems.They had also said very clearly to everybody, look, this can escalate really rapidly because some of the missiles that went in from Iran into Israel, they went after Nevatim air base which is right next to Dimona. Why is that important? That's where the Iran nuclear -- the Israeli nuclear site is, so the Israelis responded by going right back after Isfahan and places like that, which are where the Iranian sites were located and it kind of raised this level of now everybody understanding how serious this has gotten.And you made an interesting point and it's really true, you know, the American deterrence and American leadership is gone in the region. Remember, this is the president the United States that said very clearly to Iran "don't," followed by his Secretary of State Blinken, "don't," followed by Secretary of Defense Austin "don't," and they did.And then he said the same thing on the response by Israel, don't go there, you've had it, you succeeded by defeating them, don't go there. The Israelis said no. That just shows you the level of American importance in the region is greatly diminished. So, now, you're trying to figure out well who's going to lead us to this point where when you talked about the Iran nuclear capabilities, who's going to push back and actually try to defeat that facilities or bring those facilities online.The last person who did that was Donald J. Trump, when he walked away from the joint comprehensive plan of action. Why? Because of limitations. But they're very close to doing a nuclear breakout. They are now enriching uranium almost 90 percent. Generally when you enrich you radium at about 5 percent, that's commercial use. When you get above 60 percent, you're heading to weapons grade, when you get to 90 percent, you are at weapons grade, and they almost there.What does that mean? Within months, they can have a nuclear breakout and when you got a nuclear breakout, you handle a nuclear country much differently than a non-nuclear country. That just great greatly increases the difficulty to bring some type of stability in the Middle East and that is caused by this administration letting it happen.HANNITY: Lieutenant General Keith Kellogg, Congressman Mike Waltz, thank you both. We really appreciate your time.Now to a development that won't surprise you, among the pro-Hamas agitators arrested for trespassing at Columbia University this week was Congresswoman Omar's daughter. Naturally, members of the Squad, they rush to her defense. They have long believed that if you hold far left opinions or hate Israel - - well, you should be above the law.Anyway, here with reaction, Israeli special ops veteran Aaron Cohen, on the executive director of the Lawfare Project, Brooke Goldstein.You know, we have seen and we saw this week, we saw it on campus, we've seen it in New York City, we have seen it throughout Europe, Brooke, we have seen it -- you know, gas the Jews, F the Jews in Australia, words that I never thought I'd hear in my lifetime and it breaks my heart. But it's in the halls of Congress, it's on college campuses, it is -- it is -- it is a real, real problem and that is vile, repugnant, repulsive, virulent antisemitism.And look at what we witnessed at an Ivy League institution this week and the protests in New York this week, I don't know what your reaction to it is. It breaks my heart that people are supporting radical Islamic terrorism.BROOKE GOLDSTEIN, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE LAWFARE PROJECT: Not only does it break my heart, it concerns me greatly because I love this country and yet Israel being on the front lines of the war against theologically motivated terrorism, against Islamist terrorism, which is a war that we as Americans have been in since 9/11, but everybody seems to forget that after the Islamophobia mania campaign went around trying to silence and slander anybody who talked publicly about it.What authority does the United States have to dictate to Israel when we have the daughter of a sitting member of Congress arrested for being pro- Hamas, with Nancy Pelosi goes on record saying that she doesn't want to support arming Israel after October the 7th, but supports uh lifting sanctions on Iran that was entirely responsible for October the 7th.I think the state of affairs is very sad right now, and we are funding an enemy that we are at war with both without and within. The Department of Education is now funding all of the radicalization happening on American college campuses. We can't even control the thousands of people who are on American streets protesting for Hamas, for Hezbollah against America. So I don't think we have any authority to dictate to Israel.We should thank Israel, and I'm -- we'll end with this. I'm so glad that you mentioned before how targeted Israel's attack was with three missiles. Israel has no interest in targeting civilians, has no interest in igniting a regional war and every interest in peace in the Middle East and de-arming the greatest threat to stability which is the mullahs and the Islamic regime of Iran.HANNITY: Yeah. And you make a great point.Aaron, let me go to you. I was watching you on with Trace last night. I thought you did a great job, had amazing analysis. Let me go back to the military accomplishment as Israel sadly was forced to go it alone. I think it's an embarrassing moment for our country. Israel did stand with America after 9/11, we should have stood with them in their war on terror.They lost nearly, what, 1,200 people. How many Israelis were held hostage? How many women were raped? How many babies had their heads chopped off? How many Americans also were taken hostage?But the sheer success and the deep penetration into Iranian territory was beyond impressive to me. I know it didn't surprise you. We have seen past success of the -- of the Israeli military, but this took on a great significance to me. I want to get your reaction to it.AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPS VETERAN: Well, Sean, I agree with you 100 percent, and what I was diving into last night and what I'm going to continue to pontificate here is the fact that we have a lot of experience in dealing with selective operations which is what last night was.And the Iranians can try and downplay this, but the fact is, they're just trying to back hatch this in order to save face, to cover up for their military vulnerabilities, which Israel I believe is going to enter into a low intensity conflict. We're going to see some more of this. Israel hasn't even responded to what they did last night, and the reason why is that Israel does its best work in the vanguard, Sean, and I don't believe that Bibi Netanyahu, one of our warrior sons, serving in general staffer reconnaissance unit, doesn't have the luxury of asking for permission when it comes to the survival of our people. We're dealing with 6 million leaders, they all serve the military and they know the price we pay.Which means we pay a very high price to have that Jewish state, and while we support our Americans and we appreciate the help that we had defusing those 350-plus missiles and suicide drones that were fired into Israel and Iran made a very big mistake, because I will tell you this, Sean, Israel is a master at targeted assassinations and we will take out anyone who stands in the way of our survival and we're going to continue to see more of this quietly but Iran is the number threat.They fund and train Hamas, bonuses were coming to Iran, to learn bobby traps, to learn so entire Nakba unit which is the unit that raped and killed those 1,300 people just outside of Gaza in the southern portion was trained in Iran. Hezbollah, a constant menace on the northern border which Israel will continue to deal with selectively, also part of that Iran axis.The sooner the U.S. gets on board with taking out Iran and treating them as a nuclear threat like the general said, the sooner there will be peace and stability in the region. And it's a matter of signaling, you cannot allow the IRGC to get close to a nuclear weapon and we know that in Israel. We don't have the luxury to waste time. For every second we waste, another innocent person can be killed. That's the first thing they teach you in the counterterrorism special operation school.So we don't have time. We're going to -- you're going to continue to see Israel doing more of this.HANNITY: You know, if I had any influence on the region, I never will, but if a coalition of the U.S. and Israel and Egypt and Jordan and the Saudis and the Emirates recognize the truth that you just spoke, that should be done expeditiously. Otherwise, we could have a Holocaust in our lifetime. We better take that seriously.COHEN: Sean, we recognize the -- we recognize the truth that you speak, and we appreciate you.HANNITY: All right. We appreciate you and the Israelis, I'm proud of them last night. They showed a lot of strength and a lot of guts, and sadly, the U.S. abandoned them under Joe Biden.When we come back, we have week one, Donald Trump's New York trial now in the books. Opening statements will begin on Monday. We'll check in with Gregg Jarrett and Alan Dershowitz as we continue this Friday night.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: What was a historic and disturbing moment today in Lower Manhattan where a full jury of 12 jurors, six alternates were seated in the falsifying business records case of former President Donald Trump -- well, at about the same moment that news was announced, a man literally set himself on fire in front of the courthouse. The flames, they were extinguished and he was rushed away on a stretcher to a local hospital. Officials say he threw conspiracy theory based pamphlets in the air right before the incident.But the scary event only highlights the very high tension surrounding what is now officially set to be the first ever criminal trial of a former U.S. president. We have opening statements. They are set for Monday in this case.Meanwhile, another New York Trump case, it won't go away. Why? The attorney general of New York Letitia James is now formally opposing the bond that President Trump put up to appeal his civil fraud trial. She says it's not structured properly and that the bond company does not appear to have enough cash on hand to pay the bond if in fact Trump doesn't.And here with a full recap of this week's jury selection, a preview of opening arguments next week and what's ahead, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz is with us.I don't know what to say about the guy putting himself on fire, not exactly recommended -- a recommended form of protest of any kind, sad in many ways. Professor, let's take a look at where we are in this case. There's -- there's so many issues here that it makes my blood boil.Number one, you have a judge that donated to Biden. Number two, you have the issue of a family member that is active in Democratic politics at a high level, seemingly involved in this case according to Elise Stefanik. On top of that, you have the statute of limitations have passed on what would be a misdemeanor charge in New York but somehow and we still don't completely know how, Alvin Bragg has somehow connected this to a federal crime that the DOJ passed on, they didn't want to charge Trump on and they're trying to make this into a felony case.On every level here and then president has a gag order, on every level, I don't see equal justice under the law. I don't see a fair trial. I don't see an environment where I would feel comfortable that justice is being served.Your thoughts?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: I agree completely. As a liberal Democrat and civil libertarian, I am appalled that the first case, criminal case against the president is the weakest case I've seen in 60 years of practice in writing about the law. Everything you mentioned, plus they're trying to keep him in the courtroom against his will and preventing him from campaigning .He has the right to be in the courtroom, the government, the prosecution has no right to keep him in the courtroom.And then there's the jury selection. As a defense attorney, I would be very unhappy with the 12 jurors as I've seen their backgrounds outlined. They seem like typical Manhattan residents. Now, that's okay if you want to move to a neighborhood and have friends, but if you want to have a jury against Donald Trump, the last thing you want is a typical representative group of people from a borough that voted 85 percent against Trump and we probably 70 percent of the people hate him with a passion.The defense attorneys probably did the best they could with the jury pool, to try to pick 12 people who will be fair but, boy, I have to tell you, the likelihood of people being able to not take into account their personal views, their political views, their hatred for Donald Trump is negligible.So I don't think he's going to get a fair trial. I think it's very possible he'll get convicted in time for the election. It will have an impact on the election and then the conviction will be reversed on appeal. But election interference will have been accomplished.I want to see this election fair and square. Whoever wins this election ought to be able to do it proudly and whoever loses it should be able to say I lost it fair and square. That's not happening with this trial and with the other four cases, including the civil case against him that are constituting election interference. It's a scandal. Much of it is unconstitutional and all of it is un-American.HANNITY: And it's amazing, liberals will say, well, he'll have a chance on appeal on the issue of recusal and the gag order and so on and so forth, and why this is really a misdemeanor case and the statute limitations. However, that means the trial and if there is a guilty verdict that would take place before the election, any appeal would probably and if it's and if -- if it's reversed on appeal would happen after the election. That's a problem, Gregg JarrettDERSHOWITZ: Absolutely.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Yeah. Witches had a better chance of a fair trial in Salem than Donald Trump in Manhattan.HANNITY: Wait a minute --JARRETT: Jury selection proved it.HANNITY: Wait a minute, Gregg, I wish I thought of that. Continue.JARRETT: Jury selection proved it, Sean, when asked an absolute flood of people said they cannot and will not be fair to Donald Trump. They don't want to be fair and how many of those who said otherwise, oh, yeah, yeah, I can be fair. How many of those are actually lying with a hidden agenda of getting on the jury to convict.You know, Manhattan as the professor points out is an inherently hostile venue for the accused and in a politically charged case against an outspoken political candidate that's hated especially there in Manhattan, the jurors are predisposed the outcome is pre-ordained. This case should -- have been moved elsewhere to Staten Island, for example, where at least the jury pool would be more balanced. But Alvin Bragg opposed it, so did Judge Merchan, no coincidence, which is evidence that they both know this prosecution is legally weak if not utterly absurd.So they are counting on a prejudice jury to convict. This is a wretched abuse of power in our justice system and I agree with Professor Dershowitz. This is unquestionably, irrefutably election interference. They want to be able to call Donald Trump a convicted felon over the next several months all the way to election day, even though they know it'll be tossed and reversed on appeal.HANNITY: Thank you both. Professor, thank you. Have a great weekend. Gregg, you, too.Up next, another rough, actually brutal week for Joe Biden. Day after day, blunder after blunder. We're going to show you all of the low lights. Actually it might be my favorite blunder of all time, about Uncle Bosie and cannibalism, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Yet another rough and long week for Joe Biden while Donald Trump was forced to spend his week in a New York City courtroom. Biden took the opportunity to campaign in the key swing state of Pennsylvania. Unfortunately for Joe, almost nobody noticed or cared except to point out well his numerous awkward campaign trail blunders. This may go down as the Uncle Bosie cannibalism week as a matter of fact.It extended to an appearance by the way in D.C. today. In case you missed it, here's a recap.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What's it take to be an electrician? We just say you get a little bit of training. Four to five years of training to become an electrician. You're the best in the world. That's why (INAUDIBLE).Seeing how critical the IBW is, and how transformative the process you're going to be making for the country.Instead of importing foreign products, I'm exporting for their products.I'm going to go order milkshake.(INAUDIBLE)BIDEN: I'll come right -- I'm just going to order a milkshake.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, we'll be right back.BIDEN: I thought you did it right there.He flew those single-engine planes as reconnaissance over war zones.And he got shot down in New Guinea, and they never found the body because there used to be -- there were a lot of cannibals, for real, in that part of New Guinea.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Cannibals for real and everything. If that wasn't bad enough, according to "Time Magazine," Biden is no longer one of the most influential people in the world, shouldn't shock anybody.And it should not come as a surprise. Biden decided, well he had enough for struggles in one week. He's now ditching D.C. Guess where he's headed? Back to Delaware, Wilmington this time, not the beach.Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Joe Concha, Tammy Bruce.Tammy, this may be remembered as the week of Uncle Boosie, and cannibalism that took his dear life.TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, yeah, it's like we're living in a cartoon, Sean. It's a cartoon.I did get worried immediately for Corn Pop though because now I don't know what happened to him. I mean, he just disappeared. So it -- there's -- it - - now you look, you look at this and I would disagree with that influential list. Clearly, Joe Biden is the most influential person on Earth by doing nothing, by neutering the United States. Every horrible thing that's happening, there is no good thing that's happening because of this man, is happening because of his lack of policy or the policies that he has implemented, that give power to the worst people on earth.You can't -- I mean even a broken clock is right twice a day, this guy has got to work at -- and his handlers have got to work at being wrong all the time. So now you've got, of course, we see this war between Israel and Iran, Russia and Ukraine, North Korea's looking for some attention, God help us, China's eating our lunch , and it's just a remarkable dynamic. And I think there's now more and more people saying that they feel dumb and embarrassed for having voted for Joe Biden, but that's what fear does to you.This is why it was this demonizing of Donald Trump, trying to make you think that the world is going to end, and lo and behold, the world did end because of Joe Biden. And now we've got a chance to make a difference here, and this is what the bad guys also know. This is why this -- the rest of this year as Donald Trump is they've tried to put him in a cage, the one guy that can save this nation and the world at this point -- I never -- I thought Donald Trump of course was great and a great president. He's now the guy that can save the world. Who knew? But that's what we've got.And they've caged him and we've got bad guys around the world, knowing they've got about you know six months to do as much damage as possible. That is how influential Joe Biden is right now.HANNITY: You know, Joe, you follow the media as close as anybody, and what's amazing to me and I declared journalism in this country dead, I said that back in 2007. I had no idea how right I really was. I think that's true.For a long time, I thought that that people would not pick up, the media will not show the real Joe Biden that we show pretty much every night because if he's out in public, there's something to show and part of it is funny but the other part of it is deadly serious because he's supposed to be the leader of the free world. However, as you look at these poll numbers and you look at people's perceptions of him and you look at his -- the -- his own base abandoning him regardless of how much the media, how much effort that they have put into protecting him, it's not working, is it?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, the irony is, Sean, that social media is the great equalizer here at this point. So while ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, MSNBC can try to hide this disturbing behavior as much as possible, unfortunately, social media has clips of Joe Biden that go viral that are seen by millions upon millions of people and far more than any of the broadcast networks or CNN or MSNBC can muster up. So that's -- that's the good news if you're looking for optimism here.But again, that the Clark Griswold presidency continues. I mean, every weekend seems to be like a holiday weekend. The White House called up lid this afternoon and he was back in Delaware in time for happy hour. I mean this guy's truly working 24/7. That's 24 hours a week, seven months a year.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Joe, his happy hour is not like your happy hour or Tammy's happy hour or mine. You know, his is choca choca chip. You know, if he's really good on any given day and he doesn't mumble, bumble, fumble and stumble, he might get a little ice cream cone before he goes to bed.It's -- if it wasn't so dangerous, it's funny. But anyway, thank you both. Have a great weekend.All right. Straight ahead, more reaction to President Trump and his historic New York criminal trial. Pam Bondi, Mark Geragos are next, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Opening arguments, they are set for Monday in former President Donald Trump's criminal trial in New York. What can we expect?Anyway, joining us now with reaction, criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos, along with former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi.All right. I went over with Alan Dershowitz and Greg Jarrett earlier over the jury, over the judge, over refusal, over gag orders.Let's get your take, Pam. Juries are historically unpredictable, not a favorable venue.New York City -- not the ideal place for Donald Trump to ever get a fair trial. However, it is what it is. What's your analysis, week one, jury selection?PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Well, week one is he has a horrible jury for him as you discussed earlier. You know, everyone knows that. This judge has not tried to hide his disdain from for President Trump.And you know, Sean, in courtrooms, jurors look up to the judge as they do and they kind of take their lead from the judge. That's why a judge has a tremendous responsibility to be impartial, at least to act like he's impartial in front of the jurors. And that's not going to happen in this case, and sadly that's going to rub off on these jurors as well.You know, President Trump has a wonderful legal team. We know this jury stacked against him, and that's why people are seeing this around the country and believe the system is rigged. So we're going to see how much leeway this judge gives President Trump's lawyers in the opening statements because he certainly didn't give them any in jury selection.HANNITY: What's your take, Mark?MARK GERAGOS, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Well, I'll tell you, Sean, Throwback to when you and I used to fight during the `90s over the Whitewater trials and when we were down in Little Rock --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: They were friendly spats, that wasn't a real fight.GERAGOS: Right, exactly and that was back when Mark Levin was not the great one. So, you know, it's an interesting thing to me that they do not have a sequestered jury. I mean as a criminal defense lawyer, if I'm defending this case and Susan and Todd are excellent lawyers, excellent trial lawyers, they -- it's unfair. It really is unfair to a defendant to in the middle of a presidential campaign to take him off the trail, force him to be in a courtroom and have it in a venue where already -- we've already seen demonstrably one of the jurors was deathly afraid of her name getting out and felt like she would be intimidated.The only way to have solved this problem, the only way when you pick the 365 days a year and you decide we're going to -- we're going to have a defendant tried right before the election, coincidentally, we just want to do it right before the election, the only way to make that fair even have the pretext that it's that you're looking for fairness is to sequester the jury so they don't get intimidated like we've already seen somebody already articulate.HANNITY: Yeah. You know, look, if Democrats, Pam, had their way, they would have Donald Trump in a courtroom for the next 199 days and they'd have three more trials even after this trial.There is a phenomenon that we've got to discuss, though. Donald Trump gets arrested, his poll number gets -- goes up. He gets arraigned, poll numbers go up. He gets a mug shot, poll numbers go up.And I think people have a sense of fundamental fairness, maybe not in New York but the rest of the country is not going to see this the way New York City residents see this, and you have to wonder even if there was a guilty verdict at the end of this, which is probably likely considering the venue, that I don't think it's going to have an impact on people around the country that are watching this and see a judge that donated to Joe Biden whose daughter, you know, would -- I think bring in the issue of recusal, their lead witness is somebody that does not have the best track record of telling the truth. I -- you know, I think people will see all of that, won't they?BONDI: They should. And even if he had a good jury and he was a horrible jury, even if he had a good jury, it would be an uphill battle for him because it's New York and because of the media and because of what Mark said, they're going home every night and watching this on TV.Sean, I've had plenty of trials that weren't nearly as high-profile as this and my jurors were sequestered as they should be because all the rights should belong to President Trump. Yet none of them are in this case, and that's what's so frightening for our country.Do I want to see him in jail? Absolutely not, I wouldn't put it past this judge though, and President Trump should be allowed to be out on the campaign trail every single day. This trial shouldn't even be going after the election.HANNITY: Let me ask you, they try to put the former president in jail, you know, and 100 some odd days before an election. You really believe that's going to happen? What do you think the country's reaction to that is?BONDI: I think he'll win by even a bigger landslide than he's going to win by already.HANNITY: All right. We're going to wait watch and see. Opening arguments on Monday.Thank you, Pam. Thank you, Mr. Geragos. Appreciate it.All right. When we come back, the World Health Organization has issued warnings about a bird flu outbreak. It has now apparently been found in milk. We'll explain after the -- after the break, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The usual well, useless World Health Organization is now warning that bird flu has been found in, quote, very high concentrations of raw milk, while noting that milk sold in major retailers is still safe. A top WHO official has expressed great concern over the virus because of its high mortality rate among humans that have been infected. So far, two cases of bird flu have been confirmed among humans in our country and the risk to the public remains low. So you decide.Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible.Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity." In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face, next.Have a great weekend.