MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Boy, indeed, it is. Thank you very much, guys. Breaking news, good afternoon, everyone. I'm Martha MacCallum. This is THE STORY. Today, fireworks moments ago in the White House briefing as President Biden in a stunning move demanded an immediate ceasefire from Israel in a phone call just about an hour ago with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Also, a warning that U.S. policy could change towards Israel depending on which steps they take next in Gaza, in Rafah, and whether or not they will protect civilians and aid workers. Peter Doocy was just pressing John Kirby on this, and he's going to join us in just a moment from the White House briefing room as he steps outside.Also breaking right now, the search for one of the migrants accused of squatting at a home here in New York City. One of them is on the loose this hour. Police say, they found guns, they found illegal drugs, and a 7-year- old child all holed up in the basement of this home allegedly squatting there. So, he, as I said, is one of those eight suspects who was arrested last week and then judges released six of them with no bail because of the bail rules in New York.Then, they had to re-arrest them and one of these guys got away. Fox was outside the home in the Bronx when this arrest went down. Investigators say, that two of the three are connected to the squatting case. Our crew also spoke with one of the suspects. This is some of the most amazing video I think of this week. This individual that they spoke with, Bryan Llenas, was a reporter on the scene, and this guy's holding up an iPad as if he's recording our reporter. Watch what happened. He was later arrested.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are you staying?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why? What happened?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know. You tell me.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Well, what happened? So, he was arrested a short time later. That was him outside the house. Look at this. Investigators say that four of the suspects missed immigration processing appointments. I know that's a shock after they were released into the United States. One released on his own recognizance, three times on charges including shoplifting. So, how many times do you get to break the law if you're in the country illegally before you get booted out? One of them was arrested last summer for attempted murder.That's the individual that you just saw standing outside his car. The New York Post reports that the case fell apart because the alleged victim did not cooperate. It was an alleged attempted murder. He did not die after he was shot and that case fell apart. So, Townhall.com editor, Katie Pavlich, analyzing all of this for us. We're going to speak with her in just a moment, but first let's go to correspondent, Nate Foy, who is reporting live outside the home in the Bronx. Hi, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha, so we just spoke with the homeowner who wants to remain nameless because he fears for his life. You mentioned that one of the eight Venezuelan migrant squatters is still out there, another one previously arrested for attempted murder, so he's still scared for his safety. The migrants lived here since August. They're finally out today, but not before causing quite a lot of damage.Take a look at this video that we just saw inside the basement of this home in the Bronx. He tells us the migrants never had a key. They broke into his basement through a window. Workers are boarding up those windows today. Clothes still scatter the floor. It looks like the place hasn't been cleaned in months. The landlord also says the migrants disabled his security cameras and even threatened him, so he was scared to install new ones. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I was with the same standing by police and they showing me something like this and I was pointing out to police officer look what they're showing me what that mean. You -- we all know you know, it's very dangerous. I hope nobody has to go through this.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Martha, federal ICE agents took three of the eight migrant squatters into custody while abiding by New York's sanctuary city status. ICE tells Fox, "Due to state and local law, ERO, that's Enforcement and Removal Operations, NYC had to investigate these individuals independently and conduct this targeted enforcement operation on its own. We received no assistance from the NYPD. Now, Martha, also two of the migrants who were arrested without bail have already been arrested again for shoplifting in Nassau County, but Nassau County will actually cooperate with ICE because it's not a sanctuary county. We'll send it back to you.MACCALLUM: All right. Nate, thank you very much. With that, we bring you Katie Pavlich, Townhall.com Editor and Fox News Contributor. Katie, good to have you with us this afternoon. You know, you feel for these landlords, I feel for the public school that is across the street, and you listen to this, you know, I mean, this is a very determined effort. They disabled the cameras; they broke in through the windows and set up house. And apparently, were pretty powerless to kick them out under these current laws.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I'm not really sure what the expectation is of criminal aliens who break into the country that they're going to then follow the law. There were guns found in this house. You just had a federal judge in Illinois rule that it's actually OK for illegal immigrants to possess and purchase firearms. That's a problem.And on the broader level, you have the enabling that continues to happen, whether it's the federal level allowing people like this to storm the border, to break the laws, to break into the country, and then they get released as if they're just going to show up for their court dates when, clearly, they do not.And then, in New York City, you have all of these laws on the books in terms of squatting and also just enabling illegal behavior by handing out thousands of dollars in debit cards to continue to invite these types of people to come here. And when you have a case like this, specifically in New York, this is one of many.And they're spending so many federal resources all over the country trying to track these types of criminals down rather than doing the work on the front end to prevent them from coming here in the first place. And as you see, it's very difficult for local law enforcement to then go up against these kinds of violent situations with the limited resources they have.And ICE has not been given the full authority to engage in interior enforcement in a lot of these cities. And so, this continues to be a huge problem. Illegal immigration is not a victimless crime, whether it is people getting their identities stolen or whether they are getting killed around the country.MACCALLUM: So, here's what Mayor Adams had to say just a short time ago. He was asked a question about Governor Greg Abbott of Texas visiting New York City for the Republican Party's annual gala and here's what he said. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY MAYOR: I'm going to offer him a say in one of the (INAUDIBLE) so he can see what he has created and understand how we are treating people with the dignity and respect that he should have shown as well. He's going to see how you can manage the crises with coordination.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Katie.PAVLICH: Well, Mayor Adams should be thanking Texas Governor Greg Abbott for trying to stop criminals from coming to New York City, to stop this flow of thousands of people into the country so that it drains resources and steals resources from Americans who are living in New York City, whether it's their schools, their medical supplies or anything else that they need that's being cut, public safety as a result of this overload.Mayor Adams continues to say that New York City is a sanctuary city. There's been very little effort to take back that label. And so, until that happens, they will continue to go to New York City and he should be thanking the governor for trying to stop it from occurring in the first place.MACCALLUM: Yes. Katie, thank you very much. You know, obviously the police are in such a difficult situation and, you know, they go into these dangerous situations. We saw what happened to the now deceased detective Jonathan Diller, and they're going into this home and there are guns everywhere, drugs everywhere, narrow hallways. It's an absolutely terrifying situation that they shouldn't even have to be in because these people are here illegally.So, Katie, thank you very much. And I said that by way of giving everybody -- thank you -- a heads up to the exclusive that we have coming up. I will sit down in moments with NYPD chief of patrol. He oversees the police officers on the streets of New York. A very interesting insight from this man who was broken-hearted over the loss of one of his detectives and wants his other officers to be able to operate safely in order to bring safety to the city.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN CHELL, NYPD CHIEF OF PATROL: The Bronx D.A., Darcel Clark, as I said yesterday, knew the severity of this case up on Hull Avenue. She requested bail for all eight, with the highest charge being criminal possession of a controlled substance with a gun underneath that. Six of eight walked out the door.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, obviously, this is a man who's frustrated, he's trying to do his job, and he's trying to protect his fellow police officers out there on the street. So, we're watching another huge development this hour. We learned earlier today that there would be a phone call between Benjamin Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel and our president, President Biden. We understand that it was a fairly heated and very direct phone call.With a very clear demand to Netanyahu, the president asked for an immediate ceasefire. Obviously, we are Israel's biggest ally, and we have recently provided F-15s. So, what is the message here, and what does it mean for the future of the Middle East when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, this news breaking just moments ago. No Labels has given up on their plan to offer voters a bipartisan unity ticket in this year's presidential election, saying that they could not find candidates with a credible path to winning the White House. But the group says that Americans are more open than ever to an independent presidential run and "this movement is not done, in fact, it is just beginning".No Labels had some organization, they had some money, but they did not have the candidates to get them there. So, we'll continue to see what develops from that group. But that venture is over for now for 2024.And breaking right now, the White House saying that President Biden told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to enact an immediate ceasefire in their battle in Gaza, and saying that U.S. policy will depend on what steps Israel takes to protect civilians and aid workers.It was their first conversation since an Israeli airstrike killed seven aid workers in Gaza, including an American.The military has apologized -- the Israeli military, and say they're investigating. Here is Secretary of State Antony Blinken on what the president just said to Netanyahu.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: He underscored as well that an immediate ceasefire is essential to stabilize and improve the humanitarian situation and protect innocent civilians. And he urged Prime Minister Netanyahu to empower his negotiators to conclude a deal without delay to bring the hostages, home.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE).(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, what you're looking at there is from a couple of days ago. It's a very impassioned seen as some of the hostages' family members stormed the Israeli parliament in a meeting yesterday, almost six months after the Hamas attacks of October 7th.Their family members, many of them still being held six months later, by Hamas. We have had such a scant amount of information about these hostages in recent days and weeks and months, which must be very long for these families.White House correspondent Peter Doocy was in that rather tense at times briefing, and he just came out to join us -- our White House correspondent Hi, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Martha, we're being told this Biden-Netanyahu call was both good and direct. But even though White House officials don't want to announce a firm policy change, what they are saying today is different than what they said in the aftermath of the attack.October 7th, the president put a statement, a part of it said, his support for Israel security is rock solid and unwavering. But now, they are saying, if there are not changes on their side, there is going to have to be some changes on our side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: How is the support unwavering, but you're also reconsidering policy choices?REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: Both can be true.DOOCY: They cannot be true. They are -- they are completely different things.KIRBY: No. No, no. I just -- I'm sorry --(CROSSTALK)DOOCY: He is -- he is wavering.KIRBY: No, no, come on.DOOCY: How was he not wavering?KIRBY: Come on -- come on now. As I said, and as it says in that read out, we made clear, and he made it clear to the prime minister, in his call, that our support for Israel self-defense remains ironclad, they face a range of threats, and the United States isn't going to walk away from helping Israel defend itself.That said, you can say all that, and you can act on that. And you can believe that and the president does and still believe that the manner in which they are defending themselves against the Hamas threat needs to change.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: White House officials -- White House officials want to see concrete steps Israel can take to alleviate suffering in Gaza, and they say Israel has hours maybe days to cough it up. Martha.MACCALLUM: OK. Peter, thank you very much.Retired Lieutenant General Ben Hodges joins me now. Former commanding general of U.S. Army Europe. Now, senior adviser to Human Rights First.General, always good to speak with you, and nice to have you here in New York. Thank you very much joining us.LT. GEN. BEN HODGES (RET), FORMER COMMANDER, UNITED STATES ARMY EUROPE: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Does this signal a policy change between the United States and Israel?HODGES: Well, I think the long-term policy objective remains the same as a peaceful situation in Middle East, which means that Israel is going to have to live with its Arab neighbors, including the Palestinians. So, that's still the end state.But I think that the administration correctly, is having to address Israel's use of excessive use of force that is resulting in the loss of thousands of innocent people.MACCALLUM: So, we know that Israel's goal has been to eradicate Hamas. It's difficult to do that, given the way that Hamas operates. They operate underneath the hospitals, in civilian areas. How can they go about this in a different way and achieve their goal?HODGES: Well, so, two aspects of this, and you've touched on the most important part. What -- the goal of eradicating Hamas, I don't -- I don't think that was ever a realistic goal. You cannot kill all of Hamas without addressing what causes people to join Hamas, what gives Hamas its resources and its energy. And, of course, the population in which it operates is part of that.So, the Israelis are going to have to address that. You can't just kill everybody.Now, you're right. Hamas, terrorist organization, they should all burn in hell, but it is still the burden of the professional soldiers, the Israeli Defense Force to protect civilians, knowing that Hamas is using them as human shields, operating from inside hospitals -- it's still the burden. Just like -- is on American soldiers in Afghanistan or wherever we've operated to protect innocent people, aid workers, as well as the civilians.MACCALLUM: Here is a comment from Prime Minister Netanyahu to members of Congress. Watch this today. This was today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (through translator): This is a battle between not only Israel and Hamas, but I would say, the axis of Iran -- the terror axis of Iran that seeks to put the Middle East back into the dark ages.If we don't have a victory, this will have enormous implications for American security, for our common near future.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: I mean, we've already seen what has happened in the Red Sea. We've seen attacks by the Houthis, is he right?HODGES: Well, I think, in this particular thing, the prime minister is correct, and that Iran is responsible for much of not only Hamas, but the Houthis, and obviously, Hezbollah.And so, the United States, I think we have to step, back and think more strategically about these global challenges. Russia's attack on Ukraine, what Iran is supporting, and of course, the Chinese are watching all of this. Can the United States and our allies muster the political will, the industrial capacity, and the military capability to help Ukraine defeat Russia, isolate Iran and deter China?MACCALLUM: OK. Remains to be seen what happens if we step back from Israel and our support for them if Iran steps into that vacuum. So, we will see.General Hodges, thank you very much.HODGES: Thanks for the privilege.MACCALLUM: Great to have you here today.So, in a surprising twist, New York A.G. Letitia James, argues the $175 million bond posted by former President Trump in the civil fraud case may be invalid because the insurance company that backed it can't do business in New York.Another chapter to this story, folks, next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ms. James, what's your reaction to Trump's bond reduction?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE), we're not doing question.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, breaking just moments ago, the judge refusing to throw out former President Trump's classified documents case. Trump claims that he was allowed to have them under the Presidential Records Act. Special Counsel Jack Smith's team argues the law does not apply to classified documents. So, for now, this case moves forward.And meanwhile, in the legal battle over the former president's real estate empire, New York Attorney General Letitia James says there's a problem with the $175 million bond that the former president posted as he appeals the ruling, and the penalty of almost half a billion dollars.So, what's this all about? Fox Business correspondent Lydia Hu is here with more. Hi, Lydia.LYDIA HU, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Hey there, Martha.The New York Attorney General's Office is telling the court that the bond the Trump lawyers filed is deficient. And they are giving the Trump attorneys 10 days to fix the issues. One issue that they raised is the insurance company, Knight Specialty Insurance Company that underwrote this bond is not admitted to the state of New York for business.Then, the A.G.'s office says that could make them ineligible to file this bond here in the state of New York.And experts tell me there is a second issue and that's whether the insurance company has sufficient collateral to secure the $175 million bond. The law requires that the bond amount issue make up no more than 10% of the insurance company's excess money.So, that means in this case, Knight Insurance -- Knight Specialty Insurance Company would need at least $1.75 billion on hand. And right now, it's not clear that they do. But I can tell you, Martha, I called the CEO of Knight insurance, Don Hankey, and he tells me, he is 100 percent sure he's got the collateral for this bond. And he also reminded me that Trump secured this bond himself with cash.But now, lawyers for Trump have 10 days to clear up these issues with the courts, otherwise, the Attorney General Letitia James, she could possibly go back to enforcing that near half a billion-dollar judgement, making Trump's assets vulnerable once again, Martha.MACCALLUM: Wow. All right, Lydia, thank you. That is interesting case. Thank you, Lydia. Good to see you.So, coming up, NYPD Chief John Chell on the violent criminals walking free and putting his officers and lives in this city in danger.We will speak with him, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: The murder of 31-year-old NYPD Officer Jonathan Diller, who's a husband and a dad to a young baby, Ryan, by a suspect with a lengthy rap sheet, and the arrests of believed to be migrant squatters on drug and gun charges here in New York, some of them with prior arrests like this suspect with an attempted murder charge under his belt, all highlighting what the mayor calls "the biggest challenge" that this city and other cities across the country as well, are facing, repeat criminal offenders who are arrested and then released into the population.NYPD Chief of Patrol John Chell says criminals like these back on the streets are putting the NYPD officers in a lot of danger.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN CHELL, NYPD CHIEF OF PATROL: This is three against eight in a basement apartment. We all know what they look like with multiple firearms. This is how dangerous. Confronting two people, quite frankly, that should not have been out in the street. We should not have been there to do this dangerous work. This is two days after Detective Diller's murder, the same situation where we shouldn't have been there.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Chief Chell joins me now. Chief, thank you very much for the work that you do in the city. How many years on the force?CHELL: My 31st year.MACCALLUM: 34 -- 34 years. And you oversee -- as Chief of Patrol, you oversee all of the divisions across the city, correct?CHELL: All the police precincts, about 15,500 police officers and sergeants and about 3,000 civilians. So I have the largest bureau. I love what I do and it's a pleasure working for them, quite frankly.MACCALLUM: Well, all of us who live and/or work here are grateful to you, for your service to the city and your intense commitment under really difficult circumstances. Put us in the shoes of these officers, as you say, two days after Detective Diller was gunned down. Then they find themselves in this basement, what's going on in this moment?CHELL: Two days after the tragic murder of one of our own, they're mourning also, but they're also still in the street doing their job. And they go to this house in the Bronx. Someone calls 911 for a person with a gun. It's one sergeant and two cops. As soon as they get there, they see the person in the alley with the gun. And you see it's a narrow alley.They chase him into a basement of a private home, into a back bedroom, and they grab him quickly and we secure the gun. But the second person they engage is in the hallway and he's got a gun under his armpit. And he turns away and from the body on camera, he reaches for the gun. And the sergeant cops take him down quickly. It's a nine millimeter with an extended clip.And then we arrest six more people out of that apartment. There's two more guns, a ghost gun. There's ketamine, there's a child, very dangerous situation. And, you know, the first person with the gun was out on an attempted murder charge from Yonkers. The second person was a walking gun indictment that he shouldn't have been out of jail. We shouldn't be here dealing with this, and yet we do very dangerous.And at the end of the day, six out of eight walked out of jail, on supervisor's release, which we don't even know what that is really, ROR (ph). And the person with the Yonkers charge, he also walked out. So it's a dangerous situation that we should not have been there, but we do it, and they did it well. But same Detective Diller, those two people in that car, two convicted violent felons, two guns. And the driver's walking around with a gun arrest that he's indicted for. We should not have been there. He should not have been there.And he fought for it. And just to go back to that day quickly, when he was shot, he still fought for that gun and got it out of there and saved lives. It's just tremendous.MACCALLUM: He's a hero. And we remember him. His family should not have been left without him. As you say, there are three legs to this stool, and the police are one of them. And then it goes to the process, to the judicial process. But it must be so incredibly frustrating when you are doing your role and then you're just watching this conveyor belt. These people -- many of them in the country, some of them for sure, illegally.I want you to see this video that our reporter shot of one of these individuals. We showed a picture of this man, Hector Desousa-Villalta.. He's the one that you mentioned who was charged with an attempted murder in Yonkers just last year. Watch this guy out on the street. Watch this exchange.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are you staying?HECTOR DESOUSA-VILLALTA, MIGRANT FROM VENEZUELA: What happened?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know, you tell me. What happened?DESOUSA-VILLALTA: What happened? I'm moving out, man. I'm moving out. I was tricked into living here.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: I'm moving out. I was tricked into living here. He looks like he's in a pretty nice car, well-dressed. What goes through your mind when you look at this guy?CHELL: This gentleman here is not here for the American dream. Most of the migrants in New York City are here to work, pursue that dream. Others are not. And what we say as a city is, we're a benevolent city. We'll give you everything we have. But if you're here committing violent crimes, you're on guns. No, you should fall for that right and you should have your day in court. And then you should be removed from our country.MACCALLUM: You know, you watch Mayor Adams and he says a lot of things that make sense. He wants to remove people who are dangerous, mentally ill on the streets. He wants to get some cooperation in Albany so that these people can stay. The judges and the people who are supposed to do the other two legs of the stool will do their job.Explain how you see Mayor Adams and how he's doing in this job.CHELL: He's doing a phenomenal job. He is steadfast committed to this police department. And his number one priority, he says all the time, without public safety we cannot prosper. You saw the last couple days how we supported our whole department and what we're doing. He's with us. He gives us all the support. He gives me support to do our jobs.And, look, a lot of the things that he's dealing with, he inherited. But like he says, he's not here to describe the problem now. He's here to fix the problem. And his team, our team, are doing everything we can to live through this moment and make this city better and safer.MACCALLUM: All right. We're going to take a quick break but we're going to be back with more. We're going to talk about what has to happen and what the steps are to get there to make people safe. And, you know, we hear, and I want to ask you about this when we come back, because the mayor says that the city is safe, safer than it's been in a long time so we want to get your reaction to that when we come back, with more with Chief of Patrol John Chell right after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Back now with NYPD Chief of Patrol John Chell. Chief, I want to play a soundbite from Mayor Adams and then talk to you about it right after. Let's watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY MAYOR: We're down in crime in the subway system, folks. For the first quarter, we're down. We're down 24% in March. We're down in February. Can we please stop saying we're up in crime in our subway system? We are not.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: It doesn't feel that way for the people that I work with. They are afraid to go into the subways, a lot of them, to ride to work.CHELL: So the numbers are down. Crime is down. Our violence is way down. Our enforcement is way up in quality life and arrests, and gun arrests so that's good. That's the numbers. But the perception piece is what you just mentioned, we want to make people feel safe. And when you talk about transit, myself, the mayor, Deputy Commissioner Daughtry, Deputy Commissioner Sheppard went to trains the other night till about 12:31 in the morning, just jumping on different trains, talking to people. And that's the best -- that's the best answers you'll get.Some people feel safe. Some people want more cops.MACCALLUM: I'm sure they're happy to see you.CHELL: They're happy to see us but, you know, if you want real answers for us, we go talk to New Yorkers in the rains, and that's what we did. And the key here is to make people feel safe. People hear the numbers. Some don't care about the numbers, which is fine. They want to feel safe.So our job is make them feel safe. And then they don't want to see stories about people repeatedly getting out of jail, recidivism. They don't want to hear about that.MACCALLUM: Talk about what you mentioned to me in the break, someone -- he was let go 22 times. I mean, the only message I see in that is that crime pays.CHELL: So we put up a poster child yesterday at our press conference, Emmanuel Santiago (ph), 32 years old, already a felony conviction for a violent fire -- for a gun. He gets locked up last May for a gun. Again, he gets out. He gets locked up 22 times up to recently, robbery, multiple burglaries, car theft, drugs, petty theft. And just recently, he was breaking into someone's backyard storage. And when confronted, he sliced his person.This is when the system does not work. And all those numbers I gave you, those are also people. Those are people's homes, those are people's cars.MACCALLUM: That's right. Every one of those 22 experiences, right?CHELL: You steal someone's car, you're also affecting the family. There's multiple victims tied to that car. So this is when the process breaks down.So we talk about stakeholders. I'm a stakeholder. The DA is a stakeholder. The judges are stakeholders. The elected officials and even the media is a stakeholder in terms of the whole picture of what we're doing. And when things break down, what we're asking is, let's just talk about what keeps breaking down. Let's get to the table and just fix it.Then we can all get what we want. We're a benevolent society, give people second chances.MACCALLUM: But you're not going to get what you want if the judge is released. These DA is in this case in the Bronx, they asked for bail for all of these individuals. But the judge, I think it was Judge Bowen, let them go. Why?CHELL: Right. So I don't know his thought process. You'd have to read the arraignment minutes. But Darcel Clark, the Bronx acts for bail. She knew how important this was. And for whatever reason, the judge let them walk out the door. And that when people see this, they say, what's going on?MACCALLUM: What is going on?CHELL: This is not safe. And they --MACCALLUM: And these people broke the law when they entered the country. They are -- they could be part of -- are they part of a Venezuelan gang?CHELL: Not that I'm aware of right now, no.MACCALLUM: Entered the country illegally, broke into this man's home. I saw him interview. They said he broke the windows and disabled the cameras, drugs and guns. And what judge in their right mind says, you know, you're off. No bail for you.CHELL: Right. And then again, back to the original story, this puts our cops in danger. We shouldn't be dealing with this a second time. We've already dealt with it once by great work and now some great work again. But it also could be the opposite where we get hurt and the community gets hurt. That's the only two.When people walk out of jail or walk out -- or are release on recognizance or supervisor's release, the community suffers also.MACCALLUM: And I know you say your family is out on the subway, is going to work every day. My family is going to work every day in New York. You know, I saw what happened at the funeral and, you know, some uncomfortable moments there with the governor. You could just see it on the faces of the officers at that funeral. They don't feel like -- like the state has their back. Is there any indication that these things are sinking in?CHELL: Well, you know, our cops from -- we started a political world. We're just mourning. We're all human beings. People have to realize we're human. We have mortgages and houses, and wives, and good things and bad. We're confident our team, our mayor, we're always trying to, like today, just come here, talk about the narrative -- the factual narrative, keep talking about it. Generate that conversation.And a practical people just get at the table with a large cup of coffee and say, what's good and what's bad? Let's fix the bad. Let's put the personalities aside, the politics aside. What's bad if we do that, who wins? We all do. The community, our families, and we can get back to a great place, the best city in the world.We have the best cops. We've got the best people, toughest people, resilient people. We could do this.MACCALLUM: If you could get one thing that you wanted from government, whomever, to change, to keep people safer, what would it be?CHELL: Just get a piece of paper, draw a line down the middle of it. OK. We all agree this is good. Let's fix what we think is broken. And let --MACCALLUM: Do you think that would change minds in Albany? I mean, I have video of some of these council members. We are never going back on no bail. We're not going backwards. We're not doing that anymore. That's what they say up there.CHELL: Well, I'll leave that to them. I can only work hard with my cops and keep talking about the issues of good and bad, and I'll leave the politics to them. Hopefully they're all figured out and we'll get moving here.MACCALLUM: And you say that recruitment is going fairly well, which is probably a tribute to you.CHELL: No, you know what, our mayor really came across some good contracts. We have a good team. We support our cops. We're into their health and well- being. And I think by virtue of that, we keep better retainment. More people signing up for the test. It's a great -- it's a great job and I think we'll be OK.MACCALLUM: Well, you're a great ambassador for it. 31 years --CHELL: My 31st, yes.MACCALLUM: 31 years in the force and we're grateful to you, and we're grateful to all of your officers. And I know you say when you see officers on the street, please thank them.CHELL: I will. The I say I can get back to my wife in six years when we're done here.MACCALLUM: All right. We still need you for a while. Thank you very much, Chief Chell. Great to have you with. I hope you'll come back and keep this conversation going.CHELL: Anytime.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much, sir. A pleasure.So coming up next, something a little different for the story. We are going to meet Barstool Sports personality known as Billy Football, a fifth generation New Yorker now tells us that he wants to be in politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)BILL COTTER, BARSTOOL SPORTS PERSONALITY: So the cat's out of the bag. I'm running for Congress in New York's District 3. I've been grinding all day looking for signatures from Whitestone, Queens, to now Farmingdale, Long island.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All my Republican friends are gonna be so happy. Everybody I know is a Republican. Every friend I have is a Republican. I don't have one Democrat that's a friend, OK? This is amazing, so exciting. Who you running against?COTTER: Tom Suozzi.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK.COTTER: New York's District 3.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Go ready to roll?COTTER: Ready to roll.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ready to roll.COTTER: Ready to roll.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ready to roll.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right. So he tells us he doesn't want to be known as Billy football. He wants to be known as Bill Cotter. And he says he's serious about this, even though they joke around about it a lot on Barstool. So we'll find out what the real story is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Would you run, Billy? Are you allowed to run?COTTER: Yes. Yes, you got to be a minimum of 25, I just turned 25.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, let's get Billy elected, though.COTTER: Dude, I'd actually -- If I did it, I'd do it right. Like, I'd actually --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What are you going to -- you're going to run as an independent?COTTER: I'll take it seriously. I'll run as a Macro Dosian (ph). I like that. I like that to be football for Congress, which take it seriously.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: A lot of joking around in there. This is Bill Cotter from Barstool Sports, known as Billy football, says he's running for Congress as a Republican in New York. He got the gig after interning at Barstool, that job. And later he played -- before that, he played college football at Williams, calls himself a proud Catholic and is running as a Republican, and he joins me now. Good to have you here.COTTER: Thank you for having me.MACCALLUM: Hi, Bill. So today is the deadline, right?COTTER: Yes.MACCALLUM: And our researchers, they say they can't confirm that you have actually filed the paperwork yet to get on the ballot, although you say you have the signatures. So have you?COTTER: Yes. So over the past couple weeks, we've been on the ground collecting signatures. You need around 1,200-1,250 to get on the ballot, and we've collected over double that. So we're setting those up to Albany now, and we should be on the ballot for the primary.MACCALLUM: So are you saying that your petition is going to be filed, what, by the end of the day?COTTER: Yes, today's the deadline so we filed them.MACCALLUM: OK.COTTER: Yes. So I'm going to be on the ballot as of presumptively for the June 25th primary.MACCALLUM: All right. So, you know, back on the podcast on March 19th, they were, you know, basically saying that this is a huge joke. And at that point, you said because, you know, because you registered as a joke, you realize that if you don't follow through on this is you talking, that the FEC can actually do criminal things, like criminal charges, so.COTTER: (Inaudible).MACCALLUM: And they went on to say, I love that Billy is now saying he's having to go all the way through with this because he'd otherwise be imprisoned. Do you want to explain?COTTER: No, no. I'm running. Honestly, as we just had on the last segment, there's a lot of problems going on in this area, especially in District 3. I'm running for Congress because Congress has forgotten that it's for the people, by the people, not for the special interest groups by the establishment.So I'm an outsider, I'm trying to take on. Even getting the signatures, it's a huge barrier to entry for well meaning people who actually want to make a difference and actually want to serve their constituents as opposed to large institutions that are backing them and large donors.MACCALLUM: So this is Tom Suozzi you would be running against if you can win the nomination. There's a pretty big pool of people. How good do you think your chances are in the GOP pool?COTTER: Honestly, with good faith, good execution and great attitude, anything can happen. And I think I'm the most -- I think I'm the best out of any of those candidates to beat Tom Suozzi. Suozzi is an establishment candidate who's violated the STOCK Act several times, and apparently the only penalty of that is a $200 fine.So we have our government. There's an establishment that has been in there basically making the federal government their money laundering scheme and lying their pockets. The only experience a lot of these longtime politicians have are trying to benefit themselves and monetizing their seat. So I honestly have the best intentions and I want to serve my constituents and really bring real change.Because if you see the congressman overspending, we have a deficit that's rising, and by the time we're going to have to pay that bill back, they're all going to be long gone. It's going to be my generation that's left. And we got to get the -- we got to make a brighter future for America. A lot of people have started to doubt themselves, started to doubt this country in their district, and guys can't buy houses. There's a housing crisis in this country. If you ask anyone in my generation, hey, do you think you can buy a house in the next five years? None of them even have a chance of saying yes.Inflation is robbing our savings. You know, the value of a dollar is going down and wages aren't increasing, and we're stuck in a situation as younger members of younger members of the population where we don't see the American dream. And I want to restore that confidence and that belief in the American dream and create a better future.MACCALLUM: I was going to ask you how you want to be a voice of a new generation. I think you just answered that question. Is David Portnoy going to campaign for you and support you?COTTER: Well, like all the voters in New York's District 3, I'm going to have to earn his support.MACCALLUM: And are you a Trump supporter?COTTER: I mean, as a grassroots campaign, any support would be welcomed. You know, we need all the help we can get on the ground canvassing. So if he offers his support, I'd accept with open arms. You'd have to be an idiot not to take a former president's support.MACCALLUM: Bill Cotter, all right, so you're going to go back to Barstool and tell those guys that you are serious after all.COTTER: No, no. They know I'm serious.MACCALLUM: We'll be watching, all right. Thank you, Bill. Thanks for stopping by.COTTER: Thank you so much.MACCALLUM: All right. That's THE STORY for today. We will see you right back here tomorrow. Have a great afternoon.