MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS HOST: He has been there for 50 years are all aimed at destroying one man, Donald Trump.But here's the problem, they have through 70 million of us to get to him.I will see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Polls can be complicated. If a candidate likes a poll, he or she will cite it often. If a candidate doesn't like a poll. Well, then the only poll that matters is the election.A poll is like a photograph and a life full of videos, it is a snapshot, but it is all we have between now and November. A new "Wall Street Journal" poll surely sent a shiver down the spine of the Biden campaign as it has Biden losing to Donald Trump in several crucial battleground states like Pennsylvania and Michigan and North Carolina, but not everyone believes this poll.("CBS MORNINGS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TONY DOKOUPIL, CBS NEWS ANCHOR: These polls like "The Wall Street Journal" would land in the White House and he's losing all the battleground states.DR. JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: No, he is not losing in all the battleground states.DOKOUPIL: All but one.JILL BIDEN: He is coming up. And he's even or doing better.So you know what? Once people start to focus in and they see their two choices, it's obvious that Joe will win this election.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: For the slightly more objective, there are other warning signs for Biden as well. Young people and other reliable voting constituencies seem unenthused about Biden, but it's worth pointing out, the polling look good for Republicans heading into the November 2022 midterms and the red wave turned into a red mirage. What should we be looking at or for with the election still seven months away? Let's find out.Joining us is former White House Deputy chief-of-staff and Fox News contributor, Karl Rove.Welcome, Karl.First of all, what do you make of the new "Wall Street Journal" poll showing former President Trump doing well in these swing states?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it's good news for Trump, Bad news for Biden, but let's put it in perspective here. Here are the states. I've ranked him by the margin for Donald Trump. Best state was North Carolina, which he carried last election, so that doesn't advance his cause. It just keeps him status quo.And then Arizona up by three -- and excuse me, up by five; in Nevada up by four, these are outside what we call the margin of error. So these numbers, you have a greater likelihood of being actually accurate, because the margin is so big, and this is good, picks up two states. But this is 11 electoral votes, this is six, it doesn't get him to 270.Now, these are the states where we're inside the margin of error, three points in Michigan, three points in Pennsylvania, one point in Georgia and dead even in Wisconsin. So these are close.And the two things about it one is, is that in order to win, Donald Trump has to win at least two of the four states down here and being as close as they are, this means that the races are -- you know, look races that are one or two points apart, seven months out from election are essentially dead even, either person could win. This could be a coin toss.In fact, these states, you know, aren't necessarily out of reach. This one probably is, North Carolina, a big enough margin there and they voted for Donald Trump last time. But even there, there are some problems.Bottom line is Trump looking good today. Can't take it for granted because too many of these states are too close and he has got to move beyond just simply the three states where he is outside the margin of error.GOWDY: I wanted to do something radical, which is maybe strategize how to do more than barely win, how to go from winning my little to winning by a lot. So polling during the primaries suggested Nikki Haley supporters and what are derisively referred to as RINOs might not come home to the GOP candidate this fall. Is that threat still out there? And is it a real threat?ROVE: Oh, it's absolutely out there and a real threat. Funny you should ask. I've got a whiteboard for that. Think about this. North Carolina was March 5th. Nikki Haley got 250,000 votes in North Carolina. That is three times Donald Trump's victory margin four years ago.Next day, she suspends her campaign, the 12th, Georgia votes and she gets 77,000 nearly 78,000 votes. And she said I'm suspending my campaign and ending it, and still 78,000 people vote for Nikki Haley in a state that Donald Trump lost by about 10,000 votes.And then this week, this week, Wisconsin, a state that Trump lost by about 20 some odd thousand votes, Nikki Haley got 76,000, nearly 77,000 votes on Tuesday night of this week and the same night, we have primaries in New York, Connecticut and Rhode Island. And between one out of six and one out of every seven Republicans who turned out and voted in those primaries voted for Nikki Haley, who's been out of the race now for all of -- for most of March and a couple of days, April for almost a month, four weeks.So yes, there's a problem there and Donald Trump needs to wake up to that fact. He was dismissive of it. He said some nice things on one time, and then when pressed on the issue said, I don't think I need too many of those votes.This is a problem. He told those people during the course of the primary, that if they financially supported Nikki Haley, they were "permanently barred" from the Republican Party. And what happened is people started printing up t-shirts saying "permanently barred."He needs to heal the Republican Party. Nobody can go into a general election with a disunited party, and hope to have an easy run of it.GOWDY: All right, speaking of the general election, No Labels is out. But Robert Kennedy, Jr. is in. Does Karl Rove think he hurts Biden, Trump, or both?ROVE: I think right today, it's both. But the thing that we don't know about is how third parties, how those candidates tend to play over the course of the campaign. You can sort of say, look, the libertarian is going to tend to take votes from the Republican and the Green Party is going to take votes from the Democrat.He is a different character. The Kennedy name and his views on climate and the environment make him on the left; his views on vaccines and vaccine denying placed him on the right.So today, the latest poll shows -- the latest polls show that he has pulled equally from both sides. But we don't know what's going to happen seven months from now.I will say this, I don't know where he's going to be in November, but whether he's going to be pulling more from a Democrat or Republican, but just think about this. The last two elections have been settled by the third party vote. In 2016, nearly seven percent, over six percent of the voters voted for a third party candidate, it was slightly less than two percent in 2020. Yet, in each instance, in critical battleground states, they had a big impact.In 2016, the Green Party candidate in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania gets more votes than Hillary Clinton lost those states by and in 2020, the libertarian candidate who is from your state of -- who is from your state of South Carolina, she's a lecturer in Psychology at Clemson University, Jo Jergens, said she got more votes in Arizona, Georgia and Wisconsin than Donald Trump lost those states by.So the third party voters this fall are going to have a huge impact on the election. We sort of know what's going to happen, where the libertarian voters might go if they get traction, or we sort of think what would happen if the Green Party candidates or Cornel West gets going, where they're going to take votes from.But Robert Kennedy Jr. is going to be a coin toss. And let's find out where that coin falls, but we don't know today.GOWDY: Karl Rove, I've got to get in touch with your agent because I got to have you back to talk about the Senate. I want to just talk about the US Senate. But I've got to have you back. So I will contact one of your agents and get back on your calendar.In the meantime, thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.ROVE: Love to do it. You bet.GOWDY: Thank you, Karl Rove.ROVE: Yes, sir.GOWDY: Congress doesn't fare well in public approval.Current members are leaving in droves, and yet there are people who will put their lives on hold and raise millions of dollars and suffer unrelenting scrutiny to run.Dennis Kucinich was one of the more popular members on both sides of the aisle when he served previously. He represented a seat in Ohio but fell victim to redistricting. He is seeking to reenter what maybe a very different Congress from the one he left. So let's find out why.Congressman, you are one of the most liked people on both sides of the aisle, which by the way, has nothing to do with how one votes, it has to do with how someone treats their colleagues. It seems like a different place now. Are you sure you want to go back?DENNIS KUCINICH (I), CANDIDATE FOR OHIO'S 7TH DISTRICT: Well, first of all, Trey, it's great to be on with you. And it's true, you know, there was a time in Congress, it wasn't that long ago, where we were able to work together, we might have differences of opinion. We might come from different places politically, but we treated each other well. And we understood there was something more important than us about our work and that is the country itself.Am I ready to go back? You bet I am.But I remember what it was like, you know, working with people on both sides of the aisle, and to form friendships there that lasts beyond Congress, even in my case.I want to go back because, you know, I think it's time to come to the aid of our country. And we need to remember, people in Congress need to be reminded that we have to put the country first.You know Congress as you know much I'm sure both of our concern, it is closely divided. If you remember, the Bible, you know, 3 Mark 25, a House divided against itself, will not stand. So we have to sure up the House. We have to put the concerns of Americans and the American people first, work with both sides and I am ready to do that.GOWDY: You know, Dennis, I considered you to be progressive way before that word really even existed. I mean, we hear it all the time now. But you were -- you had this authenticity about your belief structure. Do you currently have a political home in terms of your ideology and beliefs?KUCINICH: Well, it starts with this: We're all Americans. There might be -- some might be liberal, conservative, but we have to remember before all of that, we are Americans, and we have to put the interests of the country above ideology, above party, country above party.And so am I ready to go back? Yes. Am I ready to share with members of both sides of the aisle the importance of identifying our commonalities, of seeing what's important to the American people in terms of things like, look, we've got to address this debt, it's a nightmare. We've got to protect our basic liberties in this country. We have to be careful about how far America ventures into these wars.I mean, these are the kinds of things that we just need to be able to talk to each other in order to arrive at a consensus. But we can't do that. I mean, I've seen the atmosphere. I've been down there visiting a few times.There's a lot of tension. People have left Congress because of it. I stand for unity. And I think there's a way to bring it about, and you can't do it with this, you know, Democrat versus Republican. Nah. We're Americans first.GOWDY: If you want to go back, God bless you. I'll be watching this race with great interest. Thank you for coming on, on a Sunday night, and thank you for being a really kind, decent guy when I worked with you.KUCINICH: Well, thank you so much, Trey, and back at you. And if one wants information, go to Kucinich.com. There is a way to pull this country together and I hope to play a part in it. Thanks again, Trey.GOWDY: Dennis Kucinich, thank you so much for joining us on a Sunday night.Coming up. Can you be impeached for failing to enforce the law when it's the chief law enforcement officer telling you to stand down? Florida Congresswoman Laurel Lee joins us next on the impeachment of Ali Mayorkas, only on Sunday Night in America.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The Senate will soon take up impeachment articles on DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. Maybe.The chances of New Yorkers being convicted are zero. Conviction requires two-thirds of the jury controlled by Democrats with Chuck Schumer as the foreperson.There is a chance the matter will be dismissed or tabled or otherwise abandoned without any evidence being presented, but if the matter does go to trial, what would the evidence be?Mayorkas is following the dictates of his boss, President Joe Biden. So can you be convicted of malfeasance when it is the chief executive, the president, who is telling you what to do?Joining us is House Judiciary Committee member, Congresswoman Laurel Lee from the great state of Florida.Welcome, Congresswoman. You would be one of the impeachment managers if the matter went to trial. So is Mayorkas doing what Biden wants him to do? And if so, why impeach him and not the puppet master?REP. LAUREL LEE (R-FL): Well, Alejandro Mayorkas bears ultimate responsibility for his willful refusal to follow the law. As Secretary of Homeland Security, he has an obligation to detain and deport people who enter this country unlawfully and what we know is that he has abused the parole process to instead allow millions of people into our country.What's really important to understand about this is that it is something that we demonstrated through our many hearings and through witness testimony that was done knowingly and intentionally, so he has subverted the law. He directly defied court orders directing him that his policies were unlawful.And he came into Congress time and again and gave testimony to us that wasn't truthful. He said to Congress that the border was secure, that he had operational control of the border, and we know all of those things simply aren't accurate.So at the end of the day we know that he has abused his authority. It is more than a policy. It is so much more than a policy disagreement. And fundamentally, it's a breach of public trust.America is less safe because of these millions of people that he has allowed in to the country. And, you know, we took this obligation very seriously, and ultimately reached the conclusion that the facts and the evidence were just overwhelming, and that this was the appropriate action to take and hold him accountable.GOWDY: Congresswoman, if memory serves me correctly, you were a judge in a former life, which means you did better in law school than most of the rest of us. I want you to put your old judge hat on for a second and think about this.Over the past few years, there have been efforts or threats to impeach Rod Rosenstein, John Koskinen, Donald Trump twice, Lloyd Austin, Merrick Garland, Christopher Wray, Bill Barr -- probably others I have forgotten about. Have we entered into this phase of dueling impeachments. And if we have, does it cheapen the process, when you might need it the most?I mean, that's what? Almost 10 threats to impeach for the most part since I left Congress, and we've only, I think, one Cabinet member impeached in the history of our country. So what do you make of these dueling impeachment?LEE: Well, Trey, you're absolutely right that impeachment is something that we should undertake only in the most important of circumstances. It's a process that should never be politicized. It's one of the most important and solemn things that we can do in Congress, and that's why House Republicans did this process the way we did.We took a very methodical, very detailed approach. We did not rush through this conclusion, we had hearing after hearing in the Homeland Security Committee to make sure that this was a lot more than just a policy difference. It was more than just incompetence, or even a dereliction, that this really rose to the level of somebody who was subverting the laws.And the reason that that's so important is because this is an executive branch agency head, who is really defying the law, defying the two other branches of government. So he has basically taken his role and said, I'm going to reject the laws duly enacted by Congress, I'm going to reject orders that are entered by Article III courts.So you know, this is something that really goes beyond as much as we may be frustrated with other people or think that other people aren't doing a good job, we worked so hard to make sure that we have the facts, the evidence and the law to support the fact that this should be an impeachment of Alejandro Mayorkas.GOWDY: We will see whether Chuck Schumer gives you a trial and we will be watching you in action. You were a lawyer also in a former life, so you had a chance to show off those skills if Chuck Schumer allows it to go forward.We'll talk to you soon. Thank you for joining us, Congresswoman Laurel Lee from the great state of Florida.LEE: Great to see you, Trey.GOWDY: Yes, ma'am, you too.Up next, there is a campaign to crack down on squatters. When did your home become an involuntary hotel? We'll talk to someone trying to stop this nonsense, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Ashley Strohmier in New York.Israel marking six months in its war against Hamas with a critical and surprising development. The IDF says it is withdrawing its ground forces from Khan Younis in Southern Gaza. Military officials are adamant though that the war is far from over. They say the troops will regroup and prepare for new missions, which include clearing Hamas from Gaza's crowded Rafah City. The IDF now has just one division remaining in the Gaza Strip.Meantime, fears of a wider conflict in the Middle East are growing. A top Iranian military official is warning Israel that none of its embassies are safe following last week's airstrike on an Iranian embassy in Syria.That strike blamed on Israel reportedly killed a dozen people including top Iranian commanders. Israel's Prime Minister says his country is ready to respond to any scenario.I'm Ashley Strohmier, now back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA. For all of your headlines, log on to foxnews.com.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Cities grappling with the consequences of their immigration policies or lack thereof of a new problem. Progressive dreamers are waking up to find a stranger living in their home, and like a bad guest, they just won't leave.A squatter is someone who moved into a property and lives there without the owner's consent. It used to be called trespass or even burglary, but now it's protected by some on the left. How did we get here to the point where you've return from vacation to find a stranger making breakfast in your kitchen?In some states, the ending would be very unhappy for the squatter, but not all states. Jake Blumencranz is a New York State Assemblyman with proposed legislation to crack down on squatters and he joins us now.Welcome to you, Mr. Assemblyman. Thank you for being here.First, what is squatting and how is it different from trespass or burglary?JAKE BLUMENCRANZ, NEW YORK STATE ASSEMBLYMAN: Right? So squatting has to do with in New York, at least, tenancy. So the issue we have here in New York is virtually anyone can receive tenancy because of the aggressive laws we've passed in past legislative sessions over the last few years.So if someone is on your property, I have one case where someone is justifying their tenancy with a receipt for burgers, $25.00 receipt. Another case someone wrote their name in the mailbox. When police show up, they have to say sorry, put my hands up, you have to go to Housing Court. It's unacceptable. And frankly, to me, it's un-American.GOWDY: It sounds a little bit, I'm going back a long ways to get to get back to law school, it sounds a little bit like adverse possession, but adverse possession used to require 20 years, not 20 minutes.So I like to try to understand the other side of the argument. What is the argument? You mentioned laws in recent days that kind of empowered this? What was the argument in favor of letting people do that?BLUMENCRANZ: Sure. So we passed the HS CPA, another legislation in 2019 that created the strongest tenant protections of the nation. Now, unfortunately, that created a loophole in the law where after 30 days, no matter the situation, you would have the ability to have tenancy rights and those tenancy rights will put you in the courts because of these stays in eviction that we've seen during COVID, as well as the rising number of housing cases, the courts are packed.They have a really, really long wait times there. Cases are taking two years, in some instances, three years. It's unbelievable to see what some people are experiencing here. And if a landlord tries to or a homeowner tries to act and call the police, the police can do nothing.GOWDY: You mentioned is it called Housing Court. Is that what it's called in New York?BLUMENCRANZ: Yes. Well, they'll go to court for a housing dispute. It's a civil matter and no longer a police matter. And what we're looking to do here is make it criminal trespassing. If you don't have right from the from the owner, a title, a notarized lease when the police show up. If you're showing up with a tattered receipt, or just saying, oh, you know, I changed one of the utilities. This is my home now, that won't stand under the legislation I've proposed.GOWDY: So in other states, we would call the police and there would be an eviction. There might be a judge involved, but more likely, there will be a charge of trespass or burglary, and there would be an eviction, and you're saying in New York has been made a civil matter, but your proposed legislation would allow the police to get back involved. Do I have that right?BLUMENCRANZ: Yes, in the most egregious cases, which we see here in New York very, very often. You see this people on TikTok explaining to the migrants who are coming here exactly what they have to do, exactly what they have to say when police get here so that they can take advantage of our laws, take advantage of law-abiding citizens, and unfortunately, use our system against us.GOWDY: Wow. It's hard to stun me because I've heard it all before. I just cannot imagine being a landlord or a homeowner and having to wait to have someone evicted from your property. But best of luck to you with your proposed legislation. We'll have you back on to get an update. Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.BLUMENCRANZ: Thank you. We'll continue to fight hard here in New York and I hope to give you good news soon.GOWDY: Yes, sir. Thank you.BLUMENCRANZ: Thank you.GOWDY: Coming up. The Middle East is more unstable than ever. Iran is threatening Israel and America while the Biden administration sends mixed confusing signals. Former national security adviser, Robert O'Brien is next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Israel initiated a strike in Syria last week they killed two Iranian generals and five military advisers. In Gaza, it was a very different story. Seven humanitarian aid workers were killed by an Israeli strike gone tragically wrong. Israel faces backlash from adversaries and allies alike. Relations with the Biden administration were chilly before the civilian casualties.Protesters in Iran chanted "Death to Israel and America" which isn't unusual. Iran has been at odds with US and Israel for decades now. The question is when, where, and how will Iran respond.Now, terrorists killed US soldiers during the withdrawal from Afghanistan and the US responded with a strike on a vehicle full of suspected terrorists except they weren't terrorists, they were children. There's a difference between accidentally killing aid workers and targeting innocent women and children in a premeditated murderous attack.Israel apologized and punishes those responsible, while other countries lionize the killers and promise they will be rewarded in the afterlife.Joining us to discuss what happens next is former national security adviser, Robert O'Brien.Welcome, Mr. Ambassador.The loss of innocent life is tragic and every steps should be taken to avoid innocent civilian casualties, but blaming -- some people blaming Israel for killing civilians are a little quieter when it comes to Hamas putting rockets into schools and hospitals.ROBERT O'BRIEN, FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: Yes, Trey, you're absolutely right. And, you know, the deaths of these aid workers is tragic, but it's on Hamas. I mean, Hamas is the maniacal terrorist organization that went into Israel on October 7th, killed women and children burned people to death, slaughtered kids in front of their parents, parents in front of their children.I mean, this was a terrible thing. It's Hamas that put those Palestinians in Gaza at risk, and it is Hamas that is using them as human shields and using aid workers as human shields, and so a tragic situation, but Israel like America doesn't target aid workers unlike Hamas.Hamas targeted civilians on October 7th. Israel is targeting Hamas, but mistakes happen. It's a terrible tragedy and my hearts broken for those kitchen workers who were distributing humanitarian assistance and aid and food to people in Gaza.But again, this is on Hamas. This is not on Israel. Israel did the right thing like we do. They did an investigation very quickly. They've got JAG officers. They've got lawyers in the IDF, and they held the people who are responsible, accountable and fired them.So you know, a tragedy, but this is very different than what we're seeing with Hamas.GOWDY: Ambassador, do you think Israel would have cleared the killing of Iranian generals with the US ahead of time? I mean, clear, may not be the right word, put the US on notice that it was going to do so or would relations be so chilly that they would not have done that?O'BRIEN: Yes, I don't want to get into that, Trey, but, you know, typically there would be coordination among allies in that sort of an operation. But again, things are pretty chilly right now, unfortunately. I mean, it's unbelievable that we're treating Hamas as a terrorist organization that's worse than ISIS, worse than al-Qaida. We're treating them like an NGO or some sort of civil society group or political party.They're holding American hostages, killing Americans and we are treating Israel like our adversary. So you know, I don't know what coordination took place or didn't take place. But normally, you would hope that would happen in this case, you just don't know because we're treating Israel so poorly and we're treating Iran so well. I mean, what's crazy, Trey is that we are giving Iran billions of dollars every month in electricity payments from Iraq and hostage ransoms, and sanctions relief, turning a blind eye to their oil sales up to three million barrels a day.And we're calling for regime change in Israel, we are calling for the elected leader of Israel, Bibi Netanyahu, a longtime friend. We're calling for him to be ousted. So it's -- we're down the rabbit hole. It's Alice in Wonderland time now.GOWDY: You have sat in some of the hottest seats and may sit in more in years to come. Iran has threatened to retaliate. Do you think they will win and give us a sense of what that retaliation will look like?O'BRIEN: Well, Iran always does retaliate. I think they'll probably try and do something proportional. They've got to be very careful with Israel, though. This is -- the Netanyahu administration is not the Biden administration. So the Netanyahu folks aren't going to pay Iran billions of dollars to appease them like we have.And you know, ultimately, they have to understand that Israel has tremendous capability. And if they hit Israel hard or retaliate in some way that kills Israeli civilians, we've seen Israel being prepared to protect their people and the Mossad has a long reach, as Iran knows, including inside Iran, and the Israeli Air Force is quite capable.So the Iranians need to be very careful in how they calculate what they're doing with Iran, what they're doing with Israel with again Iran's strike in Syria by the IDF.GOWDY: Before I let you go, we've got a little bit less than a minute. I just -- I asked your friend, Mike Pompeo recently the why. Why would our position toward Israel change? Is it domestic politics or is it something else?I'll ask you the same question. Why the pivot from the initial days after Hamas attacked to where we are now from the Biden administration?O'BRIEN: Trey, this sure isn't Ronald Reagan when Palestinian terrorists attacked and killed Leon Klinghoffer on the Achille Laurel. Reagan said, you can run but you can't hide and we remember he sent out F-14s up and escorted that plane carrying Palestinians down to Rome and captured those terrorists.The Italians eventually let them go, but this is not you can run you can hide this is, we will sit down and have tea with you in Cairo and Doha. I don't know why this is. I mean, I hope it's not chasing at the 100,000 votes in Michigan is going to change the history of the Democratic Party.Remember, it was Harry Truman who recognized Israel in 1948 and to see the Democrats turn on Israel now is really a heartbreaking thing for Americans.GOWDY: Robert O'Brien worn a lot of hats for the United States of America and may wear more in the future. Thank you for your service to our country and thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.O'BRIEN: Thanks Trey.GOWDY: Still to ahead, an alarming trend of absenteeism proves COVID is still impacting education.Plus, Mike Rowe on the rise of a toolbelt generation, only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.We are still living with the consequences of COVID for some, the disease itself as they struggle with long COVID. For others medicine and science took the hit. For children, it was the loss of learning and now absenteeism.The percentage of students missing at least 10 percent of the school year has more than doubled. Absences linked to academic performance and high school completion and later attending college, it increases teacher workload, disrupts routines, and requires repeating the same lessons.So why are more kids missing school? Is this with or without parental consent? Does it represent a long-term shift in learning and at what cost?Joining us is Nat Malkus, senior fellow and deputy director of Education Policy Studies at the American Enterprise Institute. So Nat, what's going on? Why are kids absent from school?NAT MALKUS SENIOR FELLOW AND DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION POLICY STUDIES, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: Well, there's a lot of reasons, Trey, and that's what makes this something difficult thing to address. What we know is that absences have jumped through the roof, and we also know that we see this across the board.So we're seeing this, not just in disadvantaged districts, we're seeing it in rich districts, poor districts, high achieving districts, low achieving districts and I think the main thing that we are seeing is a change in cultural norms and behaviors that were altered over the pandemic.GOWDY: You know, the old days, students used to be punished, parents used to be punished for truancy. We actually had a truancy court when I was a district attorney. But it seems like that's probably not the best way to do it. I mean, putting parents in jail probably is not going to get the kid to school on time. So how do we get students back into the classroom? And are you convinced that they learned better in person as opposed to remotely?MALKUS: Well, I'll answer that, that last question first. I'm quite convinced that schools are great places, and that students do better when they attend school consistently. And so I think it's very important that we address this absenteeism crisis.As far as is it truancy? Or is it excused absences? When we measure chronic absence, we look at all kinds of absences because if a student is out of school for a long period, it is bad for the student, whether it's excused or unexcused.The data aren't ideal to pick this up, but both absences that are excused, and truancy seem to be up in pretty similar proportions. But of course, both of these can be affected by sort of fundamental cultural expectations.Before the pandemic if you weren't feeling well, or if you were feeling sort of some excuse for not going to school, we were less likely to put up with that. Both, I think at schools, but also among parents.Now, it seems like there's a much more permissive structure, and we're seeing that reflected in the numbers.GOWDY: All right, it seems like I'm not a teacher, although I was married to one and we lost like a year of learning due to COVID. Can we get that back? And is it going to take more than a year? Or is this COVID generation just going to always be trying to play catch up?MALKUS: There's a lot of catch up to do. Students lost more than a half of a year's worth of progress in math, less than that in reading. The good news is last year, we caught up a good bit on that. We caught up by about a third of that decline. We still have a long way to go. You know, the first third is easy. That last mile of academic recovery is what's very difficult. That's a huge problem.I'm trying to spread the word that chronic absenteeism is the number one problem and the reason being -- not that learning loss doesn't matter. But that getting students to school regularly and having the good routines and habits that make school work is the path that we have to go to, to get those students caught up, so we don't have a permanently lost generation. And on that struggle, time is running out.GOWDY: Nat Malkus on power of education and in particular doing it in person, so stop being absent.Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.MALKUS: Thank you.GOWDY: America needs plumbers, electricians, welders and Generation Z is answering the call. The younger choosing vocational programs over college degrees. Good pay, advances in technology and disenchantment with higher education are polishing the image of once so called dirty jobs.Joining us now to explain is the CEO of Mike Rowe Works Foundation, Mr. Mike Rowe himself.Welcome. Thank you for being here.I have a friend who is a urologist, and he used to joke that his plumber made more money than he did as sort of a human plumber. And now, Mike, I'm not sure he was joking. I'm not sure he was kidding. You can make a great living with plumbing and welding and HVAC and electricity.MIKE ROWE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST "HOW AMERICA WORKS": Well, first of all, we're all plumbers, in one way or another. Secondly, if you want to book an appointment with a urologist, you can probably find one who will see you in the next 24 hours.You need a plumber to come out to your house right now. You better strap in for a three or five-day wait. It's just supply and demand.For the last 15 years or so, every five tradesmen who retire at any given year are replaced by two. That's been really bad math for a long, long time. And so the skills gap has gotten wider. The number of available jobs right now in the trades is staggering. There are close to 10 million general openings right now for jobs that don't require a four-year degree, a lot of those jobs are in the trades.So Gen Z got the memo. They've looked around. The evidence demands a verdict. The college education is a fine experience for a lot of people, but it's not the best path for the most people. And that's what we've been told with soul deadening rapidity for the last 20 years.And the impact of that narrative has led to a lot of unintended consequences. And finally, the ship is starting to turn around, Trey. And Gen Z got it. And the most recent tranche of data is actually pretty stunning if you look at it in context.GOWDY: You know, Mike, you put your finger on something for some jobs -- doctor, lawyer, psychologist, you need college to get to the next step. For others, it may teach critical reasoning which you can actually learn on your own.So why do you think that more young people are opting out of college? Is it disenchantment with the four-year track? Or is it the immediate availability of a high paying job?ROWE: Well, I think I think primarily, they weren't sold the same bill of goods that the prior generation was. In other words, this whole painting with a broad brush didn't hit Gen Z as hard as it hit the millennials.So they came of age at a time when college was back on its heels and Higher Ed right now is in a very defensive posture. They've got a PR problem, because nothing as you know, in the history of Western civilization has become more expensive more quickly than a four-year degree, not energy, not food, not healthcare, not real estate -- nothing.So they're just looking at the cold calculus of borrowing a couple of $100,000.00 to major in a discipline that does nothing close to guaranteeing them a job in their chosen field upon matriculation, and they don't like the odds.Meanwhile, they're looking over to the kinds of jobs that my foundation has tried to elevate for the last 20 years and they are seeing enormous openings and they are also starting to debunk some of the myths and misperceptions and stigmas and stereotypes that have kept people out of the trades.We've assisted nearly 2000 people, Trey, many of them are making six figures right now, welding and plumbing, HVAC, electric and so forth.There has never been more opportunity in the trades than right now.GOWDY: Yes, Mike, as I say goodbye, I will close with a word of affirmation. My wife in 34 years has never once needed a lawyer. She frequently needs a plumber and an HVAC guy. So I think if she had to do it all over again, she might have married someone different. You make a compelling case for going into plumbing, welding, electricity, HVAC. Thank you for doing it on a Sunday night with us.ROWE: We've got a million dollars at MikeRoweWorks.org right now. We're giving it away this month, MikeRoweWorks.org. We're helping train the next generation of skilled laborers. We do it every year. Go get some and give your wife my regards.GOWDY: Mike Rowe Works Foundation. Thank you so much for joining us on a Sunday night. We'll see you soon.ROWE: Anytime.GOWDY: And thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. I hope you have a great week ahead. Until next week, you can find us online at Gowdy America or on "The Trey Gowdy Podcast."Goodnight from South Carolina.