(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time. Thanks to Emily Compagno, Joe DeVito, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I should be right now in Pennsylvania and Florida, in many other states. North Carolina, Georgia, campaigning.This is all politics. This is coming out of the White House and, you know, it makes me campaign locally and that's OK.PROTESTERS: We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, breaking tonight, one in the courtroom, one on the campaign trail. President Biden having the freedom to hit the trail in his hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania. But the former president is tied up in court using a courtside microphone as you see to get his campaign message out. Meantime, seven jurors were seated today in Trump's hush money case, but many are questioning how impartial the jury might be.Far-left D.A. Alvin Bragg now filing a motion to hold Trump in contempt of court for allegedly violating a gag order. But Michael Cohen, a convicted felon and liar is free to speak to the nation at will. Nate Foy is live with more on the unusual jury selection process. Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. A busy day in court today. Seven jurors have been seated, which means we still need five more as well as six alternates. But a contentious moment between former President Trump and Judge Juan Merchan in court today. President Trump was seen speaking towards and gesturing at one of the prospective jurors.When the judge told Trump's lawyers to speak to him, the judge said, "I won't tolerate that. I won't have any jurors intimidated in this courtroom." And you mentioned the gag order. That's another big issue today with the D.A.'s office asking the court to hold Trump in criminal contempt because of a few social media posts that he made about witnesses in the case, namely his former lawyer Michael Cohen and adult film actress Stormy Daniels.Now a hearing with possible sanctions related to a possible gag order violation will happen on Tuesday. But after court tonight, Trump spoke about that gag order as well as Judge Merchan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: There shouldn't be a gag order. Let me just tell you, the gag order is totally unconstitutional. The judge should not be there. The judge is highly conflicted. He should not be there. This is all politics. This is coming out of the White House.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trace, Manhattan, D.A. Alvin Bragg is requesting the court find Trump $3,000 and possibly even sentenced him to 30 days in jail. Tonight, Trump criticized Bragg for prosecuting him, but refusing to prosecute violent criminals. Here's what we know about the seven jurors seated so far. Four of them are men. Three are women. All of them live in Manhattan. Their professions include an oncology nurse, two attorneys, a teacher and a software engineer.At the end of court today, Trace, a new batch of 96 prospective jurors were sworn in. They'll come back on Thursday as jury selection continues. Tonight, President Trump was asked what he thought about the jurors seated so far. He said he'll be able to answer that in about two months. So right now, Trace, the court is preparing for opening statements on Monday, which is earlier than many anticipated.But of course, the timing is fluid and it depends how long it takes for the rest of jury selection. We'll send it back to you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Nate Foy, live for us in New York. Nate, thank you. Let's bring in former DOD chief of staff, Kash Patel. Kash, it's great to have you on. So, the juror -- one of the jurors today said he's impartial, but his social media -- social media tells an entirely different detail. Politico writes the following here. Justice Juan Merchan denied another attempt by Trump lawyer Todd Blanche to dismiss a prospective juror over social media posts, one of which said Republicans projected to pick up 70 seats in prison.Merchan agreed with prosecutors that the posts in question were largely satire. Now, we should know that the judge should know this guy can stay. He was eventually dismissed, but it really gives you an idea of what's happening in that courtroom.KASH PATEL, FORMER HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: Yes, look, it's great to be here live with you in L.A., Trace. Look, when I was a former national security prosecutor and federal public defender, I probably picked about 60 criminal juries. And the one thing that is the bedrock of our Constitution when it comes to a defendant is due process. And a core concept of due process is the veneer, the voir dire, the jury selection process.Now you have a two-tier system of justice for an amok in the D.A. in this case, came in just yesterday and said, I want to put Donald Trump in prison for violating a gag order based on social media post. But he then came in today to court the same D.A. and said, judge, the jurors who issued posts that were conflicting were only joking. So, we don't really want to use them, take them seriously, we want to keep them on the -- which is it? A social media post a joke or a social media post enough to put you in prison?GALLAGHER: Right, it's exactly right. And people ask that very same question today and you're like, come on, this does not make sense. Meantime, you have convicted liar and felon Michael Cohen. You know, the gag order, he can do this, watch MSNBC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER DONALD TRUMP'S ATTORNEY: Every time Donald opens his mouth, you know that something non-truthful is coming out of it. We also know that he's not a good defendant. He is not a good witness. He's not going to take the statement.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: He can talk, Trump can't talk. What is it, a unilateral gag order? I'm a little confused, because I'm not a lawyer here, Kash. But it seems a little bit like the rest of the country like this doesn't smack me as fair.PATEL: Yes, you don't have to be a lawyer to know that the constitutional process of free speech is on fire here. And if I were personally Donald Trump's attorney and I saw Michael Cohen, the lead witness in the case that my client is in, on T.V., the week of jury selection, I would be playing that over and over and over again in the courtroom when he hits the stand, along with his felony convictions, along with his laundry list of lies, along with swindling people out of money.So, I think Michael Cohen, there's a reason he keeps hanging himself with his rope and there's a reason the Southern District never brought this case against Donald Trump if Michael Cohen.GALLAGHER: I want to get your take on the conservative justices today at the Supreme Court, kind of skeptical about the federal government using "obstruction of an official proceeding to prosecute these January 6 rioters." Here's Sam Alito. Here's what he said and I'll get your final thoughts.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SAMUEL ALITO, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: For all the protests that have occurred in this court, the Justice Department has not charged any serious offenses. It's wrongful. Do you think it's not wrongful?ELIZABETH PRELOGAR, SOLICITOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES: I think it's in a fundamentally different posture than if they had stormed into this courtroom, overrun the Supreme Court Police, required the justices and other participants to flee for their safety.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, this could benefit the former president down the line. This is one of those things where it looks like the DOJ is on thin ice.PATEL: Not just the president but 300 individuals who have been charged with this crime. Look, this statute was for the Enron case when Arthur Anderson destroyed financial evidence when DOD -- DOJ, excuse me, was investigating them. That was the obstruction. The Department of Justice then charged those individuals with obstructing a federal investigation and what the Supreme Court and Justice Alito are saying are what official proceeding are you obstructing?And the next question after that was even more pressing. What if there's a riot? What if there's a protest on Golden Gate Bridge? What if there's a protest outside of D.C. and justices can't get to Congress? Or people can't get to work? Is this DOJ going to prosecute all of those protesters on these bridges and tunnels around the country for obstructing official proceeding? They aren't thin ice because they know it's hypocritical and it's a two-tier system.GALLAGHER: And we could run the video to back up exactly what you're saying from the past couple of days and there's more coming tonight. Kash Patel, great to have you in Los Angeles. Thanks for coming in. We appreciate it.PATEL: Thanks, my friend.GALLAGHER: Well, meantime, more anti-Israel protesters gathering today in Scranton, Pennsylvania during President Biden's three-day campaign swing across the state. Meantime, those protesters who shut down traffic in several major cities across the U.S. on Monday may get legal help from Democratic Party Dark Money. Matt Finn is live with more on the new information here. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. The President touted his proposed tax plan. Part of the smaller crowd in his hometown of Scranton today. He was greeted by a group of pro --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTERS: Free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Back on move.PROTESTERS: Free, free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE)PROTESTERS: Free, free, free --(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes.FINN: -- expected rather be entered the city through a different route of bypassing the group.GALLAGHER: Yes. Matt, we're going to stop you for one second. Can we give Matt a microphone over here, Sandy? His microphone has died. Can we give him a one that works and just he'll hold it? That's great. There you go. This is the old-fashioned way they used to do news back in the old day when you put the microphone on right there on camera. Matt Finn, back in. We don't have to -- just let him hold it, Sandy. Let him hold it. There you go. Let's roll. Thank you, Matt.FINN: So, I'm from the Scranton area and that's where the president --GALLAGHER: Good, Matt. It's a nice segue.FINN: He was greeted by some protesters, and those protesters expected him to use President Biden expressway.GALLAGHER: Is it on?FINN: But he did not.GALLAGHER: Is it on?FINN: He used another street. And here were some of those protesters greeting the president in Scranton.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTERS: Free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Back the move. Back on move.PROTESTERS: Free, free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE)PROTESTERS: Free, free, free, Palestine.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: Local reports say Biden did not use -- President Biden the express way to enter the city as those protesters expected. Rather, he entered through a different route bypassing the group. Now here in California, 26 people were arrested in connection to yesterday's anti-Israel protests on the Golden Gate Bridge. The San Francisco district attorney says they are investigating each person right now to determine who will be charged with a felony or a misdemeanor.Police have also now released this new picture that shows protesters binding themselves together using PVC pipes. Earlier today, Governor Newsom says he supports freedom of expression but not these types of protests.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GAVIN NEWSOM (D) CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR: I think there's a better way of expressing it than denying people the ability to get to work. Someone in an emergency that can't get to their destination. I don't think that's helpful and I don't think that's responsible. I think there are better ways of protesting.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: And the anti-Israel protesters who were arrested in coordinated protests across the U.S. yesterday may be getting some assistance from so- called Democratic Party Dark Money. A group named A15 Action helped organize yesterday's nationwide anti-Israel protests and at least one Web site is asking people to donate towards the protesters bail and legal defense fund using Act Blue which is the Democratic Party's online fundraising powerhouse. Trace, I think we got it done.GALLAGHER: Matt, even in silence your information is golden. Thank you for that. We appreciate it. Meantime, we have brand new video into Fox News Tonight as anti-Israel protesters stormed the office of Google Cloud CEO. The group now refusing to leave until the company stops doing business with Israel. And on that - and the video let's bring in the founder of Less People Forget, Elizabeth Pipko.It really is amazing here, Elizabeth, because you see this brand new video which we just got into house. They're in the Google offices which many could argue is the biggest mouthpiece of America, right? It is the biggest megaphone and yet they're saying if Google doesn't stop doing business with Israel, they are going to keep protesting as the pressure just keeps ratcheting up. Your thoughts on this.ELIZABETH PIPKO, FOUNDER OF LEST PEOPLE FORGET: Yes, look, I think it's obvious that this is not going to stop. It has only ramped up since October 7th. I think it's gotten more and more popular, especially amongst young people. We've seen the protests become extremely violent, extremely dangerous. We saw last week protests erupted the chance of death to America, which I think should be incredibly disturbing to a lot of people.I think, look, when you're protesting in this country, you have that right. As long as you're not obstructing traffic, you're not putting anyone's safety in jeopardy. For example, you should have that right to protest. However, people should pay attention to what people are saying. What is right? What is wrong? What is good, bad, immoral and moral? And I think right now when we're supporting in many instances a terrorist organization that wants death to the United States, people should be very, very aware of that, where they're doing it, what they're doing it, and what they are very, very loudly saying.GALLAGHER: Yes, and as we have said before, these people who are saying death to America, burning the American flag, live in America. It's their flag. You were talking about blocking roads and so forth. Senator Tom Cotton getting a lot of pushback for saying the following here, Elizabeth. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): These are the last days of blocking traffic in the streets when mom trying to get kids to school or people trying to go to the hospital or just trying to get to work should be removed from the streets. Yes, I said that. I posted it. I would say it again today and I would do it myself. I found myself in that situation.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And look, he's not alone in your state of Florida. There were arrests tonight in Miami because people were doing exactly that. They were blocking the streets and Florida's like, this is not allowed.PIPKO: Right, it's not allowed. I don't think it's allowed in most places actually. Look, I'm not an officer. I am not a lawyer just yet. I know what I know, which is that this should not be allowed. It's not allowed. I just think we just heard Governor Gavin Newsom say that this was not allowed. So, I think there are obviously correct ways to do it, but I think our responsibility as Americans is not to obviously get involved in any of these violent protests.It's instead to pay attention to what's being done and what's being said. And it take the time, take the opportunity to condemn those that are wishing obviously harm to United States and standing with actual terrorist organizations that want to do worse things than many of us can even imagine.GALLAGHER: One of the bigger stories that we have broke tonight is that USC has now canceled the speech of its valedictorian. The valedictorian who is a pro-Palestinian protester, they thought it would be just unsafe to have her going up and speaking. The Jewish journal writes the following here. Asna Tabassum has a link in her Instagram bio that refers to Zionism as a racist settler colonialist ideology that advocates for a Jewish state built on Palestinian land.And that Zionist founders believe that the Palestinians needed to be ethnically cleansed from their homes and home lands. Care, a lot of these groups pushing back saying she needs to be reinstated as the valedictorian speaker ASAP. What do you think?PIPKO: Look, I don't know why she was removed from being the speaker here. I don't know if there were safety concerns, which I think we all clearly understand. However, I will say I stand with everyone when it comes to free speech and the ability to protest or say what it is that they believe in. Obviously, schools might have their own rules, but I think when we're talking about free speech, which is kind of what all of this is about, it's important to remember that it becomes dangerous when that protection of free speech is extended to one side or not the other.That goes for pro-Israel students that are possibly chased off college campuses while pro-Hamas students are taking over cafeterias and auditoriums. And it goes for this situation as well. If she wants to speak and she's not breaking any rules, I think she should be able to speak.GALLAGHER: Yes. I think there's a lot of pressure that are saying exactly that. Elizabeth Pipko, great analysis is always. Thank you for coming on. Meantime, breaking tonight in the Middle East, we are told the Israeli response to Iran's missile attacks over the weekend could come at any moment and it could be significant. The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke live in D.C. with the latest on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. U.S. officials expect Israel's reaction will be limited in scope. However, Iran's president tonight is warning that even the smallest action against Iran's interest would be met with severe, extensive and a very painful response. This as the treasury secretary Janet Yellen is warning a potential global economic damage from rising tensions in the region as of course the administration readies yes, another round of new sanctions on Tehran.National security adviser Jake Sullivan said in a statement that the sanctions would take into effect and taken -- sorry, become, you know, effective in the coming days. He also said that it would penalize Tehran for its attack on Israel over the weekend, target Iran's missile and drone programs and target entities that support the country's military groups. He added this "we will not hesitate to continue to take action in coordination with allies and partners around the world and with Congress to hold the Iranian government accountable for its malicious and destabilizing actions."Now, all this is happening following a series of exchanges between the countries, including a strike on Iranian military leaders in Syria and of course the corresponding response that attack on Israel. Not surprisingly, the administration by way of the Pentagon continues to urge Congress to provide more funding for the escalating number of foreign entanglements on Mr. Biden's watch.Today, the Navy's secretary, Carlos Del Toro telling the Senate Appropriations Committee that the Navy needs about -- wait for this, a billion dollars worth of munitions to be replenished, and they're hoping that will come by way of the budget supplemental. It's a lot of munitions that they say they need right now, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes, a lot of money. Kevin Corke, live force in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in Rabbi Chaim Mentz from Chabad of Bel Air here in Los Angeles and a veteran of Israel's Special Operations Counterterrorism Unit, Aaron Cohen. Aaron, we got word tonight that their reports Iran's attack was designed to cause significant casualties. That's the quote, and yet the White House is asking Israel to practice restraint in its response. Your thoughts?AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPERATIONS VETERAN: I'm going to start with some Hebrew Trace (INAUDIBLE) which is an expression that we say, which is, when is Biden going to learn how to speak -- excuse me, Aravrit, Arabic. And what it means is, these people don't think the way Americans think. Everything -- there were 300 and plus missiles were fired at Israel. Israel's survival relies on a very aggressive and strong counter-strike.That's the core of Israel's survival. And that's what Israel's going to get prepped to do right now. So regardless of what Biden thinks, that calm stance, that trying to back Israel down is very, very dangerous, and it's naive in the world of counter-terrorism.GALLAGHER: Yes. You want to talk about naive, Rabbi? This is what struck me. This is Vox. And Vox's headline is, well enough alone. Israel, the immediate question is whether Israel's leadership understands when to leave well enough alone. You talk about a lecture. A nation just got attacked, as Aaron was saying, 300 plus missiles, et cetera. And they're saying, you know what, maybe leave well enough alone.RABBI CHAIM MENTZ, SPIRITUAL LEADER, CHABAD OF BEL AIR, CALIFORNIA: Yes. Maybe Pearl Harbor, we shouldn't have done anything.GALLAGHER: Leave it alone.MENTZ: Leave it alone. Don't anything happen -- let me tell you something. The whole world, the whole world, can't wait for Israel to do something. Why? Just like we did Woody Rock when it came to the nuclear equipment, they bombed it out. They condemned him, but they said, oh, thank you. Everybody in the world, Saudi Arabia can't wait for Iran to get off the face of the earth. Now, should Israel do something to get a lot of missiles being thrown at them?No. But America, we're doing this for you. Get on our back. Do not, meaning, let us carry you in battle and take care of this.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: America wants to be able -- everybody in America wants Iran out of business. America, pump oil, and watch them go broke.GALLAGHER: Yes, I did an earlier show today, Aaron. And I'm not sure you're watching but, you know, the whole thing is you should have been watching because it was --COHEN: I'm always watching, Trace.GALLAGHER: -- interesting to me. I'm kidding, but the whole concept is you see all the surrogates are out, right? All the administration surrogates are out talking about we are going to implement. We can't really tell you what they're going to be right now. We are about to implement new sanctions against Iran. We are about to crack down on Iran and you think we have heard this so many times before and it's another way of saying maybe leave well enough alone.COHEN: Israel doesn't have the luxury nor does the rest of the western world have the luxury to sit back while this Islamic State continues. What if they had that nuclear weapon cracking? Who knows how close they are to getting that thing off the ground? They fired 350 plus missiles and suicide drones at Israel. You know, the administration wants to keep talking. You know me, Trace, I don't keep political, but the fact is that there has been a multi-failure policy which means how many things have to go wrong in order for one of those nuclear missiles to get to Israel?It's laughable at this point right now. Biden needs to learn Arabic and now he needs to learn Farsi. And I mean, that metaphorically, but look, you don't get peace in the Middle East through passiveness and through weakness. It's a different mentality and Israel understands it and Israel's going to hit back. It was a big mistake to hit Israel.GALLAGHER: Rabbi, I've got 30 seconds for you to wrap us up.MENTZ: America was hit in their army bases many times. Nothing was done. Iran has nothing to be fearful for. I hope Israel does a strategic shot. Maybe go after the oil fields. I don't know what, do something smart. The world will get crazy. They're going to go upset and they're going to blame the Jews. It's OK. We've been blamed for many things, but at the end of the day, they're going to give us a high five. Thank you.GALLAGHER: Rabbi, Aaron, thank you both.Coming up, conservative voters, the constant target of the Biden administration, the media and those on the left now, former news anchor Katie Couric is taking a shot at the MAGA crowd.And later in The Nightcap, where's the beef? Where bringing back a decades old debate, medium, rare or well done? Simple, right? Some say if their stake isn't medium red it isn't stake. Others claim they don't want their meat still mooing. What's the best way to cook and eat your beef? Are you team medium rare, well done? Somewhere in between, let us know, X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses. Coming up in The Nightcap.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Breaking news coming into FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. The family of Bob Graham, saying the former U.S. Senator and Florida Governor has died. Graham, a Democrat, served three terms in the Senate and gained notoriety as the chairman of the Intelligence Committee in the aftermath of 9/11. Also, as an early critic of the Iraq War. Bob Graham was 87 years old.Meantime, conservative voters targeted again by the left. Veteran journalist Katie Couric taking heat tonight for suggesting Donald Trump's MAGA crowd is fueled by anti-intellectualism. Ashley Strohmier is live with that part of the story. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. A long-time fixture on multiple mainstream media outlets is facing back last night over her recent characterization of Trump's supporters. So, Katie Couric, who once announced the first anniversary of the House of Congress, told late night talk show host Bill Maher that the MAGA base is really just made up of people who are uninformed and jealous. Take a listen for yourself to that part of the discussion.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATIE COURIC, FORMER NEWS ANCHOR: The socioeconomic disparities are a lot and class resentment is a lot what and anti-intellectualism and elitism is what is driving many of these anti-establishment which are Trump voters.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Bill Maher for his part pushed back on this view of Trump's supporters, saying many of them have legitimate concerns.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, HOST, REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER: Not to defend Trump, but to defend the people who still vote for him because what they see on the other side to them is even more dangerous. Those kind of things are what they say, that's why I'm voting for Trump. We don't like him, but he's all that stands between us and madness. That's their view.COURIC: So how do you -- so --MAHER: That -- I would like that view presented.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: And Trace, we couldn't help but notice an article published in The New York Times just yesterday that said that while Trump's base is still largely made up of working class voters, college educated Republicans are increasing in their support for the former president. Back to you.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense Department had to listen twice to Katie Couric's comments to make sure that she said what she said. Turns out, she said what she said all right. "Anti-intellectualism and elitism is what's driving Trump voters."So, apparently, we have moved way beyond the deplorables and rubes who need to be deprogram. And we're now just calling Trump supporters, dumb.If "COMMON SENSE" has this right, crime is exploding, the border has exploded, Frosted Flakes are eight bucks a box, and Trump supporters are the dumb ones? Katie Couric also thinks Trump supporters are jealous of what someone else has. She didn't elaborate on who the someone else is or what they have, but she called it a "corroding" and "bitter feeling".Maybe, Katie should enlighten "COMMON SENSE" and the rest of its backward bumpkins about her knowledge of corrosion and bitterness, or is she simply savoring the sweetness of stereotyping a hundred million people?It's fascinating that President Biden has built his entire campaign on income, inequality, and resentment. And now, Katie Couric thinks those words describe Trump voters. "COMMON SENSE" finds it sad to think Katie Couric spent so many years hosting a show called "Today", only to have her relevancy relegated to yesterday.Let's bring in former RNC press secretary Cassie Smedile and Steamboat Institute fellow, Kaylee McGhee White, thank you both for coming on.It's kind of sad, Kaylee McGhee to you, that Katie Couric is now going after MAGA voters. I mean, what are your thoughts on that?KAYLEE MCGHEE WHITE, RESTORING AMERICA EDITOR, WASHINGTON EXAMINER: It's the same tired script over and over again. Well, the Trump voters don't think the way that I do. They don't vote the way that I want them to. So, they are stupid, they are racist, they are -- insert your favorite leftist insult here.And it's bad enough that this is a person from the legacy media, who, as you mentioned earlier, has worked for numerous outlets in a position of prestige for many, many years. And it's bad enough that someone with this position speech -- she is comfortable enough insulting half of half of the country, but it's also extremely concerning that they want the rest of the country to think the same way off Trump voters.I think of MSNBC refusing to air Trump's speeches or NBC refusing to hire - - firing Ronna McDaniel after initially hiring her because they were afraid to platform her views. They want their own viewers to think of Trump supporters the exact same way that Katie Couric does.GALLAGHER: Yes, that's exactly right. And meantime, moving on to NPR, Cassie, because this is important. NPR's Uri Berliner gets unpaid leave for pointing out that NPR is going far to the left. NPR said quote today, "His essay and subsequent public remarks stirred deep anger and dismay within NPR. Colleagues contend Berliner cherry-picked examples to fit his arguments and challenge the accuracy of his accounts. They also note he did not seek comment from the journalists involved in the work he cited."He did cherry-pick data. He was doing this for years and years. Cassie, your thoughts.CASSIE SMEDILE, NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE Yes, absolutely. Anybody who heard what he said was like, it's kind of what I always thought NPR was all about. But what I think it's so interesting, two points: One, on NPR, we fund it. The taxpayers fund it.GALLAGHER: Yes.SMEDILE: So, shouldn't we have a right to know, to look under the hood, know the makeup, and know that it is worth our taxpayer dollars? And I think what he is proving is that, no, it's not or that they need to do some course correction.But the other point that I would make about whether it's NPR or Katie Couric is, why isn't there a bigger push from them to say they've got us wrong?I mean, yes, they have Trump supporters wrong. But these "journalist" to say, no, no, no, we're not biassed. Like, we might be left in our personal beliefs, but we work really hard to make sure that that's not infused into our work.No. Instead, they are saying, get rid of him. We don't want to have these points of view. And that only propels those of us who come from the very places that Katie Couric seems to despise and the very backgrounds that she seems to despise, to go more in Trump's direction.GALLAGHER: Yes.And I looked at I said, I was waiting for someone to step up and say, that's not how I feel. One NPR employee to say, I didn't. I never --SMEDILE: Right.GALLAGHER: That's not the way that I do my journalism.(CROSSTALK)SMEDILE: Remember -- right.GALLAGHER: Filmmaker Michael Moore said this about Joe Biden. "You're going to lose this election, in part because too many people are going to stay home. They are not going to vote for Trump. They are not going to switch their vote from Trump to you, no, that is not how this is going to play out. As what happened with Hillary in Michigan, she lost by two votes per precinct. Two for the whole state. Two! And that's what's going to happen to you."The pressure on Biden to go further left is mounting. Kaylee.WHITE: Yes, and we seem to forget how close the 2020 election was. It was really decided by a handful of states where the margin was very tight. I think of Michigan, which Biden won by about 150,000 votes. And I think specifically, of my generation of young voters, they are not enthusiastic about voting for Biden again, even if they tend to lean more liberal than older generations.If they decide to stay home in November, regardless of whether they end up supporting Trump.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITE: That is going to affect Biden's outcome. Yes. I got 15 seconds for you to wrap us up on this, Cassie.SMEDILE: Yes. Well, what Kaylee was saying, I mean, there were 100,000 protest votes in the Michigan primary alone. People aren't enthusiastic about them, because they see the policies of the last four years, hurting us. And so, that's a real issue for him.He is getting heckled in his own backyard and Pennsylvania while Trump's out there getting cheered in Harlem. It's a real picture of what's happening in our country right now.GALLAGHER: Yes, it is. It is a dichotomy of what's happening in the country.Cassie, Kaylee McGhee White, thank you both for coming on.Coming up, the war on woke education. Our next guests are on the frontlines of this story. They join us live to tell us how they are fighting back against the cultural indoctrination of your children.And still to come, last week, we told you about a 94-year-old D.J. who spends his time helping other seniors get in the groove. Well, guess what? He joins us live with his mix. Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: In the nationwide fight for parental rights and education, a new online Christian School is trying to debunk what it calls the woke lies taught in most public schools.Let's bring in Chino Valley, California school board president, Sonja Shaw, and the founder of that online Christian school, the Exodus Institute, Kali Fontanilla. It's great to have both of you.And Kali, to you first, you are new to the show. Welcome.I want you to know, Timmy (PH), you give us a kind of an instructive lesson in when you say teaching kids to be anti-woke, what does that mean exactly?KALI FONTANILLA, FOUNDER, EXODUS INSTITUTE: Well, we have a lot of lessons that basically counter the leftist indoctrination that's happening in our public schools that I witnessed as a fitness -- 15-year public school teacher.So, lessons like what happened in Venezuela, where they learned about the socialist collapse, in Venezuela, lessons like cancel culture and learning about cancel culture, and lessons that debunk Black Lives Matter. Just a lot of very important lessons that will help our students to get prepared for when they go into college.GALLAGHER: When you see stuff like this, Sonja, you know, your school board, you know, you deal in this stuff every day. Is it effective? Is this message getting out? Are these schools valuable and vital to our kids today, especially in places like California?SONJA SHAW, PRESIDENT, CHINO VALLEY UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT BOARD: I absolutely think they are. I think the rebranding of the name should be common sense because of what she is teaching is actually what should be -- should be taught. It's kind of sad that we have to do damage control. But with what they've done to our kids, I think what she's doing is amazing. And we need it more -- and more and more of our areas.GALLAGHER: Yes.SHAW: I think there is a need for it for sure.GALLAGHER: And you know what, it's interesting Kali, because I want to read this to you. This is from California Globe. It's a teen opinion. "California's woke education system is a failure." It goes on to say, "It seems like the entire California Department of Education is more focused on diversity, equity, and inclusion, and their woke ideologies than giving students the proper education.Kids are graduating without being able to read and write, without math or history knowledge, but they certainly understand what diversity, equity, and inclusion are all about.What do you think of that? Does that smack you as being the absolute truth?FONTANILLA: Yes, it is. I mean, I saw it firsthand as a public-school teacher, and my students were taught about critical race theory in a required class in ninth-grade. They were taught lessons that were pro Black Lives Matter. And this is in a district where 40 percent of the students were not reading at grade level.So, it's just wasting time. It's wasting our tax dollars. And parents are fed up. And that's why I wanted to be part of the solution instead of just complaining about it, and decided to leave my job as a public-school teacher and start the school.GALLAGHER: It's interesting, Sonja, because when she says parents are fed up, nobody knows that more than you.Parents are fed up, and they are tired of having schools dictate to them what they are going to do and how they are going to give you information.SHAW: Absolutely. And I think the Department of Ed earns a F, and it's time to expel them permanently. They have politicized our school system. And I think it -- I think parents have had enough. I've had enough. I think the nation has had enough. It's time to get back to reading writing and math. Our kids are failing at the basics, while we push all this other crap into the school system.Enough is enough. They fail. We're going to -- I'm going to work on getting rid of them.GALLAGHER: Yes. I got to -- I got to go, Kali, but young patriots. I mean, is it -- is this something you notice? Is this do you feel like you are leaving a mark?FONTANILLA: Yes, I am. And we've had a lot of parents tell us that our -- their students -- the students in our program are responding to the lessons really well. They are -- they are buying into -- they are loving the American Dream. They are loving what they are learning. And you can find out more about my school at thinkexodus.org.GALLAGHER: Thinkexodus.org. We will put it on the show web site, Kali. Thank you. Sonja, as always, thank you.Meantime, we last brought you a story of a 94-year-old Korean War veteran who is now a D.J. at the Spangle Drive Senior Center, helping his peers on Long Island keep their groove in their heart tonight.Let's bring in the mix master himself, Kirk Johnson. Kirk, it's great to have you on here, sir. I know you're a war veteran. Thank you for your service. I just want to know why it is that you wanted to be a D.J. What -- what's the motive behind this?KIRK JOHNSON, 94-YEAR-OLD D.J.: Well, it's started accidentally, somebody just asked me in a senior center to do some karaoke. And I said, certainly I would love to, to entertain citizens, mostly.But I didn't have no equipment. And I didn't know about it.So, I had nothing to do. So, I went out and bought the equipment and put it together. I use a laptop and a computer. I never saw a laptop in my life. I didn't know how to operate a computer. So, I had a lot of help from a lot of people. But I put it all together. And for the past four years now -- four or five years, I've been entertaining senior citizens. I love it. It makes me feel good to see these people enjoying themselves, dancing, and having a good time, and everything like that.GALLAGHER: I wonder, because, I know, you were a bus driver until you were 91 years old.So, I'm wondering when you talk about music, we can see you, Kirk, on the right-hand side of the screen doing your thing. But when you talk about music, what's the genre? What do they love in? What are they requesting?JOHNSON: Yes, I've worked a bus driver for 28 years. And I wasn't going to be a bus driver that long, but one year follow another and it just kept going, and it just kept going, and when I was 90 years old, I couldn't pass the physical to drive the bus and my hearing started deteriorate, my eyesight, and when I started to deteriorate, so, I couldn't pass a physical, so, I have stopped driving the school bus.GALLAGHER: And the music, what style of music are you playing for, for your fellow residents?JOHNSON: Of what style of music did you say?GALLAGHER: Yes, what style? What genre?JOHNSON: Yes.GALLAGHER: What type?JOHNSON: Oh, I -- well, I play the music that they want. I played them music that I like because we're both in the same age group, and they like the music in the 40s, 50s, and some of the 60s. I liked it.GALLAGHER: Yes.JOHNSON: So, I started playing it, and then all of a sudden, they liked it, and it just took off. And now, I'm pretty busy with it.GALLAGHER: Yes, well, you should be. Kirk Johnson, you are an American treasure. Thank you for coming on the show. It was great. And the best of luck to you and all the residents and we would like to send a camera and really get some great video of that show.Kirk Johnson, thank you so much.JOHNSON: I salute you from Captain Kirk.GALLAGHER: We salute you as well, sir.Coming up, say you're at a restaurant and the waiter asks, how would you like that steak cook? You like juicy, red in the center? Or a little bit more well done? Let us know what your steak is supposed to look like? The "NIGHTCAP" is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We are back with the NIGHTCAP crew, Kevin Corke -- good we had Kevin first, because he's going to go first.Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Sonja Shaw, Elizabeth Pipko and Kaylee McGhee White.Tonight's topic, cooked to perfection. We are bringing back a decades old debate, medium, rare, or well done. Somewhere in between, some say, if it isn't medium, rare, it isn't steak. Others say they do not want their steak mooing. What's the best way to cook and eat your beef?Kevin Corke, steakhouse. What do you take it?CORKE: You already know the answer, man. it's got to be medium rare. If somebody orders well done, I have to get up and leave the table. Come on.GALLAGHER: Oh, man. OK. Kevin Corke is not having dinner with us anytime soon (INAUDIBLE) outside, I just mentioning, Matt Finn.Sonja Shaw?SHAW: I'm with Kevin. Medium rare it is. Let it -- I don't want to say that out loud. Yes, I like medium rare.GALLAGHER: Brilliant. OK, let's see Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: I'm a medium rare, girl. I'm with Kevin, too.GALLAGHER: Really!STROHMIER: Oh, yes. If my steak comes to well, then, I will need it.GALLAGHER: Wow.CORKE: Amen.GALLAGHER: OK. Here is -- here is -- here is the way. Elizabeth Pipko.PIPKO: OK. Trigger warning for all the vegans. When I was a little girl as my mom would cook steak for dinner, I would take the container that I came in, pour the blood into a cup and drink it, so my parents call me the vampire.So, I think you know my answer to this question.GALLAGHER: Young! Kaylee McGhee White.WHITE: So, I was actually the exact opposite. I liked my medium rare but I grew up believing that the only way that steak was cooked was well done, because my dad likes his tasting like a hockey puck.So, I like my medium rare now. That's for sure.GALLAGHER: Matt Finn.FINN: Yes, growing up, I thought like medium well to well done was the only way. Now, I'm medium.GALLAGHER: Best way to cook it medium rare; 76 percent, Instagram: 65 percent.Rusty says, "Rare. Walk it through a warm room." Anthony, "Cooked medium well, it isn't sushi." Mary, says, "Team medium. Prime rib! Trisha, "Well done like a hockey puck yum, yum." Colleen, "Anyway other than medium rare is a sin, especially to a good ribeye."I like mine, medium. I'm with Matt.Thank you for watching America's late News, FOX NEWS TONIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher. We'll see you back here tomorrow.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)