MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, you guys, thank you very much. Breaking news coverage continues at this hour. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum, and this is clearly the story of the afternoon. We are now about an hour past the deadline where students were supposed to leave the encampment at Columbia. They were supposed to pack up and get out of there. As Sandra was just pointing out, classes are remote.There's no reason for any students to be on campus right now at Columbia. That was their original way of trying to get to break this up. But they are defiant, as we just heard from some of their leadership a little while ago. They feel that they are the ones who have rights. They talked about their right to graduate. They talked about how they see their rights being trampled on by the university. Stunning statements that we heard just a few short minutes ago.They will face suspension, Columbia says, from this Ivy League school if they don't follow the rules of the university which they don't seem to have any regard for at this point. We're also seeing, let's put the split screen up here at Austin University of Texas, which is different, it's a public university. And we do see state law enforcement on the campus there facing off with students peaceful so far, but you know these are the kind of scenes that remind people of the Vietnam protests where we did see clashes between law enforcement and students on campuses, even deadly ones in Ohio if you go back to that period.So, obviously, they are working hard to keep peace in this situation, to keep people safe, but the rules are being trampled on and in Austin it's a different situation than it is at Columbia. So, we're watching this split screen. This whole thing has spread like wildfire. We're seeing new college encampments every single day, making this environment really unbearable for many Jewish students. Many of them have left the campus and they're not being protected by the school.They're not being protected by law enforcement to be able to proceed to their classrooms, leave their dorms and live safely. Many of these protesters are calling for an end to Israel. So, where does this all end? Watch this. So, that was a scene in Athens, Georgia at the university there. Campus police arrested some protesters today after they refused to leave. Marc Thiessen is standing by. Alexis McAdams is covering the live breaking news at Columbia University this hour with the very latest. Hi, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha, well, past 3:00, right, and still the protesters are all here. I'm going to walk you a little bit closer here, you can see the Gaza Solidarity encampment. So, we've been watching this here for several days. By now you would have thought when you get told you're going to be suspended, you can't graduate, you would have moved these tents out of here.But we've actually seen more protesters show up here and it's not just inside here where this encampment is happening, right Martha? Take a look outside. This is what's happening just outside of Columbia's gates where they're calling on the university to divide best from Israel, have complete transparency for all of Columbia's financial investments, and also amnesty for all students and faculty disciplined or fired in this movement that they say is for the Palestinian liberation here.As we just heard a short time ago from some of those students who are leading the charge here at Columbia University saying they're not going anywhere, they're not breaking down this encampment even though it's past the deadline until the school goes with their demands. So, I think a lot of the questions that people have here who go to the school and we're looking forward to graduation including Jewish students out here on campus and their parents who pay all this money to send them to Columbia University in New York City is who's in charge here? Is it the president of Columbia?Minouche Shafik or is it these students who are here setting up these encampments? I'm going to walk you a little bit closer this way, too, with our crew. You can see some of the signs that are out here that say, Palestine must be free. You cannot cover up genocide. And then, if we can shoot over here just a little bit, too, Vic, you can see some of these students that are walking here, walking around campus, Martha. So, this is kind of the movement here.They walk around, they chant, and then more students kind of add in here. A lot of them do have masks on. We've tried to check in with a few of them. We don't want to talk to the media. They say, you know, the media is also complicit in genocide at this point. They don't have anything to say to us. So, it's difficult to kind of hear more about what their movement is when they won't talk to us.But the president of the university is saying that she is going to have more information around 6:00 tonight. The NYPD has told me and sources that they're on standby. But hey, this is a private campus. This is private property. So, they can't move in here and arrest any of these students like we saw the other day unless they get that call from the NYPD, but they tell me they're on standby and ready to come in with those zip ties yet again to arrest more students. Martha.MACCALLUM: Alexis quick question for you, because you said we're going to hear from the president around 6:00 p.m. but the statement that she put out earlier said that you had two choices at 2:00. Either you could sign a form and you know remain unsuspended on campus or you were going to be suspended. So, do you see any of that taking place anywhere?MCADAMS: No, I haven't seen that at all.MACCALLUM: Unbelievable.MCADAMS: All I see is people marching around calling for this. So, yes, I think that's right. When you're told you're going to get in trouble and you don't get in trouble, why wouldn't you just keep doing it again? So, we haven't seen the action out here, but we'll keep you posted.MACCALLUM: All right. Thank you, Alexis. Let's bring in Marc Thiessen, former Chief Speechwriter for President George W. Bush, American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow, Washington Post Columnist, and Fox News Contributor. Marc, good to have you here.I mean, her words are worthless at this point. I mean, she has allowed them to break every single barrier that she has set down or time limit that she has set down. I mean, it doesn't seem like, you know, the president is in- charge of anything at this point, Marc.MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, she's lost control of her campus and she is doing, she's not doing right by the students, the vast majority of whom are not engaged in this behavior. I mean, look, these students don't seem to get the irony that they are protesting what they incorrectly call an illegal occupation by engaging in an illegal occupation.They don't even get that they're doing exactly what they condemn. And look, they also don't understand how the First Amendment works. The First Amendment gives you the right to freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. They are interfering with the right of free assembly of the rest of the students on the campus to go to their classrooms. They are interfering with the free assembly rights of their students to go to their graduation and celebrate four years of hard work.The First Amendment does not give you the right to engage in disorderly conduct, to disrupt the lives of everybody else around you, and it also doesn't protect you from the consequences of doing that. So, if these kids get kicked out of school, and every one of them should be, they should be kicked out of school, that is a consequence of your action. You don't have a right to graduate if you behave this way. You don't have a right to be a Columbia if you behave this way.MACCALLUM: There was a student, I don't know her name, but she was speaking to the press moments ago and she said something like, you know, they're stepping on our right to graduate. And I thought to myself, no one has a right to graduate.I mean, you earn your graduation, right? And I don't know about you, but when I was in school, if you broke the rules, you got kicked out of school. And, you know, we all know people that that happened to. But it is stunning to me that this president doesn't speak out and say, and she said this in a letter, but the letter has no teeth because it doesn't seem to be happening.Although I'm seeing a few, this is Austin where they're taking people off, but not in New York. But she said in the letter, basically, you know, we all have a right to be here and we need to tolerate each other's different opinions on things, but you can't, you cannot deflect the rights of these other students.So, the Jewish students are all at home and these students have taken over. So, no one is standing up for their rights and I go back to these, you know, the black children in Arkansas, the police officers protected their right to go to class and made sure they could enter the building. Why is that not happening here, Marc?THIESSEN: Well, first of all, this young lady, I don't believe she's been in class recently. And I'm pretty sure she's not sitting in her tent writing papers. So, I don't think you have a right to graduate if you don't do your work and if you disrupt the rights of other students to do their work and go to class.And in terms of what you just said, you know, the other day, Brandeis University extended its transfer deadline because it wanted to make sure that there was a space available for Jewish students who felt that they were unsafe on their campuses.Can you imagine if Howard University was forced to extend its transfer deadline because black students were being harassed in the way these Jewish students are being harassed? Can you imagine what the Black Lives Matter movement would do if black students had to leave campus because white supremacists had occupied the central square? It's absurd.MACCALLUM: No, and it's a very good analogy. If that were happening, you know, or if gay students were told they couldn't be on campus? I mean, can you imagine? So, why is this OK that this is happening to Jewish students, Marc, in 2024 in America?And you know, there's so little understanding of, you know, when they talk about the occupation, you know, if any of these students could listen to you right now, what would you say to them? So to help them understand your perspective on it better, it might not be theirs, but your perspective.Well, you have a right to have your views. You have a right to be pro Hamas. You have a right to express those things. You do not have a right to do it in a way that interferes with the rights of other people to express their views, to attend school.For example, you have a right to protest, but you don't have a right to block a bridge and interfere with the safety people who are trying to get from one place to another to save lives.You don't have a right to engage in disorderly conduct. The First Amendment does not give you license to do whatever the heck you want in order to disrupt other people's lives.MACCALLUM: Mark, let me play some sound for you. This is from over the weekend. This is from some of these protests. And listen specifically to what is being said here. This is just one person. We're seeing a lot of signs, a lot of these different things, but listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Go back to Europe.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Without the U.S., Israel would cease to exist.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right, so you hear them clapping at the idea that Israel would cease to exist. So, they're saying the U.S. needs to withdraw all of our support and that will help them reach their goal, which would be a non- existent Israel, the eradication of Israel.The first man who is pushing back on this other person on the street, I don't know how much you could really get from that, but he was yelling, "Go back to Europe, go back to Poland, that's where you're really from." What would you say to that man?THIESSEN: So, can you imagine if there was a bunch of white supremacists occupying a campus and saying from sea to shining sea, America will be free of black people. Go back to Africa. Go back. You don't belong here. You do -- there should be no black people in this country. That's what they're saying about Israel. And that's what they're saying.That's the equivalent of what they're saying to these Jewish students. But I'll tell you, the reason why these campus protests are, are growing the way they are is because they're working, Martha, because they're having an impact. They are pressuring the Biden administration is responding by pressuring Israel.Tony Blinken today is in the Middle East pressuring the Israelis not to launch an invasion of Rafah. They were supposed to do this months ago and they've held off under pressure from the Biden administration. If you're one of these protesters, why would you stop? It's working. Biden is afraid of you. Biden is listening to you.Biden is doing what you want him to do. He's pressuring Israel to stop the attack on Hamas. So why would you quit? You should keep going because Biden is listening to you. You're having an intended effect.MACCALLUM: I mean, the protesters are winning at the White House, and we know that there was protest within the White House.THIESSEN: No doubt.MACCALLUM: And that, you know, President Biden was pretty staunch in his support initially, and we've seen that sort of change over time to something less. But you know what, what about the issue of Gaza? What about what, what they call the occupation of Gaza? What would you say to them about that? About the political reality on the ground between Israel and occupation of Gaza?THIESSEN: So, first of all, there is no occupation of Gaza. Israel voluntarily pulled out all of its troops and handed it over.MACCALLUM: In 2005, correct?THIESSEN: And they elected Hamas. In 2005, and they elected Hamas. Second of all, they say ceasefire. There was a ceasefire on October 6th.MACCALLUM: Yes, there was.THIESSEN: Israel didn't break the ceasefire. It was Hamas that did it. And it's Hamas that's hiding behind children and hiding behind innocent civilians. You know, if you go to look at Ukraine, OK, there's subways in Ukraine where the civilians have gone to protect while the troops are on the top of above ground protecting the, the country. The civilians are in the in the in the tunnels.In Hamas, in Gaza, it's the opposite, the Hamas is in the tunnels and they force the civilians up on the top to do to face the bombs because that they are using them as human shields these people are monsters they need to be there there's never going to be peace or long-term any kind of long-term solution so long as Hamas is allowed to exist.If you want law, if you want peace, if you claim you want a Palestinian, but they don't want a Palestinian state, they want all of it. That's what they chant. They say we don't want got a free got to we want all of it we want all of it so if they're there and they're not even interested in a Palestinian state, but there's never going to be peace as long as Hamas is allowed to exist.MACCALLUM: Let me ask you something else because we don't hear much about the seven Americans who are still being held. We've interviewed Goldberg- Pollin's mom and dad. They saw a video of him recently. We now saw another video of an American over the weekend, Keith Siegel. 33 Americans were killed when Hamas stormed into Israel.And I don't know how much these students know or care about those American lives that have been lost at the hands of Hamas. But if they don't know or understand it, maybe some of them do and they're fine with that, I'm not sure, but you know, what could we expect the president to say or do? You wrote speeches for an American president. What could the president do to help understanding build on all of this?THIESSEN: Well, there's no understanding with these people. I mean, there's no negotiating with these people. These are radicals. Some of these are Marxists. They are pro-Hamas. I mean, you literally see kids wearing, you know, holding Hezbollah flags up with guns and rockets on them.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes.THIESSEN: You see them wearing Hamas headbands, you see them harassing Jews. These are not people to be negotiated with, these are not people to be reasoned with. What the president ought to do, quite frankly, is what Bill Clinton did in his Sister Souljah moment, which is to call these people out. To call them what they are. They are a pro-terrorist supporters.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Leadership.THIESSEN: And stand up to them. Because you know, the fact -- the most damaging thing for Joe Biden -- there Harris Poll the other day.MACCALLUM: Yes.THIESSEN: 54 percent of Americans, a majority of Americans think he is making decisions on the basis of his domestic political concerns in the Israel-Hamas war.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes.THIESSEN: Not on the basis of what's best for America.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: All right, let's listen -- Marc, if I could just jump-in for one second. This is a Jewish student on the Austin campus.THIESSEN: Yes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Online, the rest of the class. Well, the rest of their students are allowed to be in class. That makes no sense. That's -- it's against America. It's against Western values. It's not just the Jewish problem. This is an American problem.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you all U-T students?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. I was just taking the final. And this is an intimidate and intimidation. They are trying to scare Jews off campus. I'm trying to do my final in the background. I hear they are chanting for the death of Israel, the death of Jews. It's completely unacceptable.If they want peace, they don't stand for anything like it. You know, Israel is a democratic state, the only democracy in the Middle East. This is -- at the end of the day, they don't want us on campus. They are trying to scare us off. They don't want us here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you going to be scared off?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, absolutely not. We will -- we will not follow our history. We will not be led like lambs to the slaughter.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What are your parents telling you? Finals are coming up next week? What are your parents telling you? Are you -- do you want to come back?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They are telling us to stay away, at least mine. In my opinion, I'm going right into it. This is not a time -- we have to be strong. History shows us that if we're strong, we can defend ourselves.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you going to come back? Do you want to be part of this team?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Of course. Of course.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Guys, you're a team?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're not -- we're not going anywhere. This whole thing --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think you see that leaving.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This whole thing is a huge scare tactic.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you see what's happening at other campuses across the country? The administration is doing nothing. We are really blessed to be at a school where they are happy to send in a police force, they are happy to protect the rights of all students. Not just Jewish students, anyone who might be at risk from protesters.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I've heard other Jewish students today at a pro- Palestinian rally, supporting this. What do you say to those classmates?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think --(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Other Jewish students.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that to those Jewish students, it definitely - - it's definitely upsetting as a Jew, because I think they are not educated. I personally have been to Israel eight times. I've been on the border of Lebanon. I've been on the border of Gaza. I've seen this all firsthand. And I would love to just talk to them, and say, what have you seen? Where have you been? Have you heard Holocaust survivors speak? Have you heard victims of terrorist attacks speak? I think they are very miss -- they are misaligned.And it's a shame because they should be a part of the Jewish community that's there to support them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You want me to say something -- yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Like, in general, you have. It's a very leftist -- like people on the left, to the huge LGBTQ population in that crowd. They have no idea what would happen if they were to step foot in Palestine, they would be stoned and beheaded.Israel, in fact, is the one of the only nations -- I believe it's the only nation in the Middle East that supports LGBTQ people. I find it ridiculous that you have so many people in that crowd that are so ignorant of this -- of these platforms.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE) safe.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Well, very interesting comments from those students. That young woman saying that she's thankful that she's at U.T. Austin, because they are not afraid to hold up the rules of the campus about protesting, in what's allowed and what isn't allowed. And infringing on other people's rights.You heard that young man saying that he's trying to take a final inside and he's hearing people outside saying death to Israel. That's a little distracting, Marc, when you're trying to do your exams.THIESSEN: Yes.MACCALLUM: And very strong statements.THIESSEN: Yes.MACCALLUM: I also think it's very inspiring, actually, when you hear these Jewish students who say I'm not going anywhere.THIESSEN: Yes.MACCALLUM: This is my campus too. And I am entitled to the education that my family worked hard to pay for, and I'm not going anywhere. I think that's inspiring, Marc.THIESSEN: Oh my gosh, so inspiring.MACCALLUM: Yes.THIESSEN: Look at those kids. They are so brave. They are so -- they are -- they are so composed. They are so articulate, and they are so determined. You know, this is -- this is the thing that I think these -- the pro Hamas people don't get.Jews are never going to go back to the days of the Holocaust. Jews are never going to be left defenseless against this. Jews are never going to back down in the face of evil people who are trying to destroy them. That's why Israel is doing what it's doing, because they are not going to allow another Holocaust. Because that's what Hamas has said they intend to do.It will be -- it will not just be another October 7th, then allows to be 10 more, then allowed this be 100 more, it will be 10,000 more. They will do it until every Jew in Israel is dead, and they are not going to stand down and let that happen.And that kid, you know, how hard must it be to try and study for an exam while people are calling for your death outside the window? I mean, that's what happened in Germany, in -- before the Holocaust. And they are not putting up with it anymore and God bless them.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, there were kids in Colombia who were Jewish students. They were holding signs next to them. The next targets of intifada with an arrow pointing at them.THIESSEN: Yes.MACCALLUM: It's pretty incredible. And you know, Hamas --Hamas started this. Hamas has held down the Palestinian people.THIESSEN: Yes.MACCALLUM: And these people are supporting the Palestinian people.THIESSEN: Exactly.MACCALLUM: They need to have an understanding of what has been done to them under a government that's run by Hamas. And that brought all of this hellfire on them since October 7th.Marc, stay with us, if you would. I have with me on the phone right now.(CROSSTALK)THIESSEN: OK. Thank you.MACCALLUM: NYPD Chief of Patrol John Chell. Chief, good to have you with us today.I just wanted to get a quick take from you.(CROSSTALK)JOHN CHELL, NYPD CHIEF OF PATROL: Yes.MACCALLUM: On what's going on in the area near Columbia. I think we have a live shot there. And we see the students continuing to march around campus. What can your folks do? Your members of the NYPD inside the campus and outside the campus? And what are they doing this afternoon?CHELL: So, right now we're doing -- we're doing what we have been doing. You see outside, we have about 150 protesters on Broadway outside the school, you see our cops monitoring that.In terms of the camps itself, that's being handled by campus security and the administration.OK, obviously, we can -- campus. If there is a crime being committed, we can take action, but we can't enforce their rules. That's up to the school.I know they are still negotiating. They have been negotiating for a week now. There is a deadline today. I think that passed at 2:00. So, the school is going to make a decision what they want to do here. We're on standby, we're ready to go if they need us.But we need that in writing from the school and they got to tell us exactly what do you want. And until that time, we're still in the same posture we're in right now.MACCALLUM: Yes, understood. And we know that there is a large force up there around the school of your officers. What is the direction that you all have been given by Mayor Eric Adams on this?CHELL: Oh, the direction is we're in charge the outside, OK, contain the protests, make sure it's orderly, take action when we have to. As far as the school goes, like I said, we can't take any action until they implicitly put in writing what they want. And then we'll do the same thing we did last week in taking kids off the campus.But the school wants to continue negotiations. And again, we'll just -- we're just standing by for them.MACCALLUM: So, with regard to the people, we saw one woman who was arrested a short time ago outside of the campus, what kinds of behavior lead to that?CHELL: Well, right now, as you saw, we had some people pushed the barricades. And that's what we're doing, the solely conduct. So, we're not -- we're not going to deal with that. And we'll rescue people with the barricades.MACCALLUM: All right.CHELL: We don't heed our warnings to get out of the streets. So, we're not going to tolerate that business.MACCALLUM: We got it. And what's the -- what happens to a woman like that? How long has she held -- you know, what kind of action is taken generally? Well, we'll take it to the -- we'll take it to the precinct and it's a possibility of an arrest. That's get parents ticket or summons, but we'll determine that we get to the police and based on the history, exactly what happened.MACCALLUM: All right. Chief we'll thank you for the efforts of the NYPD to keep the peace in the area. And we always appreciate speaking with you. Thank you very much, Chief.CHELL: No problem. Good day.MACCALLUM: You too.MACCALLUM: So, the scenes that we're watching live playing out across the country, we will continue to stay on for you, because they are a big factor or one of the large factors in the 2024 election, at least at this stage of the game. And we do see some weakening numbers over the weekend in brand new Gallup polls for President Biden. As young voters are bailing on the incumbent and pushing some stalwart Democrats into panic mode.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, FORMER BILL CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER: And you tell this young people. If you don't get involved right now, in this election, they are going to be involved in your life for the rest of your fricking life.That's all right. You look -- 26-year-old. You don't feel like the elections in part. And they did not addressing the issues that I care about.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Jim Carville over the weekend, Karl Rove and Juan Williams next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right. We are covering breaking news here this afternoon. You see on the left-hand side of your screen. That is Austin, Texas at the university there, where they have brought in state law enforcement officials as they try to clear the protests.Columbia University dealing with inside and outside large numbers of students and non-students outside the gates, who are a couple of them getting arrested this afternoon. So, the deadline came and went at Columbia.The university president said you must leave by 2:00 or risk suspension. And now, apparently, she is going to make some kind of statement around 6:00 p.m. But no sign that anything that she said would happen is happening at that encampment at Columbia.Police had made arrests at the University of Texas, Austin on the left-hand side of your screen. The White House under real pressure now on this issue.This is them answering questions about it. Karine Jean-Pierre just a moment ago. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I'm just not going to comment on leadership in college -- at colleges and university their decisions. That's for them to decide. We've been very clear. Americans have the right to protest -- to peacefully protest. And we are going to continue to call out any type of hateful rhetoric, any type of potential hateful violence here. It has no place in America. Anti-Semitism, we're going to call out. It is abhorrent.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, that just moments ago, as President Biden in a brand-new Gallup poll is at a record low. Approval rating of 38 percent. That's lower than former President Trump and George H.W. Bush in May of their first terms. Both were one term presidents after their election. And so far, that's the case for President Trump. Of course, he's running again and hopes to be president again in 2024.With that, we bring in Karl Rove, former White House Deputy Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush, co-founder of American Crossroads, and a Fox News contributor.And Juan Williams, Fox News, senior political analyst. Gentlemen, thank you very much. Good to have both of you. with us today.So, that's a Trump up six points in that Gallup poll, Juan. Why do you think that the former president is widening his lead in these polls right now?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it depends on the poll, Martha. You know, I think in the Real Clear Politics Average of recent polls, Trump is up by one point. You see polls that, you know, just vary -- I think, right now, you have Quinnipiac has been tied morning consult had Biden up by three. You know, the most recent one went out today from Monmouth has trump up by one. So, you know, all of that is really, I think, you know, indications we are about to face a very close race in November.But I would point back to what you have been so, you know, accurately covering in terms of the disruption on the college campuses erupted in this month, April. You have a very difficult situation where it looks like a stalemate in between Russia and Ukraine and then the ugly events taking place between Israel and the Palestinians.I think a lot of people are just upset and pointing at the man behind the big desk, and they just say, boy, there's a lot of chaos. There's a lot of trouble in the world.MACCALLUM: Yes. What about that approval number, 38%. It's lower than any president in history, Juan, at this stage of his presidency. Quick thought on that before we get to, Karl.WILLIAMS: Well, again, I think that if it's a referendum and that's not what we're going to have in November, we're going to have a choice. But if it's a referendum, everybody's saying there's a lot going on that I don't like. And then if you just come home, there are a lot of domestic issues, you know? So I think, though, again, once people start to have a clearer understanding that, well, do you want to go back to Trump, or do you want instead to look at Joe Biden and make a choice about Joe Biden?That's a different perspective, a different lens to look through as we consider approval or disapproval.MACCALLUM: You know, it kind of -- you look back at 1968, Karl, and there are some parallels, you know, one of which is that the DNC convention is going to be in Chicago. There were enormous Vietnam protests that happened that became very disruptive and violent in some cases. And Richard Nixon was running at the time, and he was pushing for law and order, and he ended up winning that election.What parallels, you're a historian as well, so what parallels do you see?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I'd be worried if I was in charge of communications for the Democratic National Committee for exactly the reason that you pointed out, 10,000 or more people were in Grant Park demonstrating against the Democratic National Convention in '68, in attempting to shut down the convention. Chicago is within easy striking distance of Minneapolis and Dearborn, two very large Arab American centers, very close to college campuses in the Midwest. And I would not be surprised to see thousands, if not over 10,000 or 20,000 demonstrators in Grant Park in August protesting to the President's stance on the Middle East.And, you know, you may -- I appreciate my friend Juan Williams saying, well, it's going to be different by the time we get to November because it's no longer going to be a referendum on the conduct of the president of the United States in his office. But that's whistling past the graveyard. Absolutely it's going to be an issue this fall because the American people have concluded he's too old and they're on the verge of concluding that he's not up to the job today, let alone over the next four years.MACCALLUM: Well, Karl, we've just heard from Karine Jean-Pierre that they're not going to make a comment, really, on these university situations or the leadership at these universities. But Senator John Fetterman was willing to comment on that this weekend, and here's what he had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): Of course, it's a great American value to protest but I don't believe living in a pup tent for Hamas is really helpful. I can't end that war, Joe Biden can't end that war, Netanyahu can't end that war, but Hamas could end it right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, what do you think Republican candidates should say about this as they talk to voters, Karl?ROVE: It would be good to start off by saying what Senator Fetterman said, which is defending Hamas is not in concurrence with American values and interests. Hamas is a terror organization that wants to bring about the violent extinction of the state of Israel, that deliberately attempts to kill people because of their faith. They want to kill Jews.And until we have a president who is willing to stand up and say, you're entitled to protest, you're entitled to express your feelings peacefully, but it's standing up alongside a terrorist organization that took children and innocents, and killed them on October 7th, slaughtered them after raping many of the women, is not in keeping with our American values.We want to hear that from the president of the United States.MACCALLUM: Yes.ROVE: God bless Governor Abbott of Texas and President Hartzell of the University of Texas and Kevin Eltife, the chairman of the board, who said, you've got a right to peacefully protest but you do not have a right to obstruct the activity of the University of Texas, particularly since we are in the closing days of the semester and have been willing to send and allow onto the campus the state police to keep order and remove people who are standing up alongside Hamas. God bless them for doing that.MACCALLUM: We got to go. But, Juan, I want to leave with this picture. This is George Washington University in Washington, DC. And this is a flag draped over the back of George Washington, Palestinian flag over our nation's first president, the father of our country. What goes through your heart and mind when you see that here in America?WILLIAMS: Well, you know, look, I just think that the idea that anybody would stand with Hamas is just diabolical to me. I just think those are the worst people for all the reasons we've explored. I also, though, respect the idea that young people who see that, you know, there are lots of Palestinians dying in the face of a very strong Israeli military, not only the Palestinian civilians, but in case, you know, sometimes humanitarian workers, that's why these protests are spreading.It's not that these kids are so dumb or stupid. It's easy to try to demean these young people, but you have to understand they have a real reason and they think they're standing up for the people who are being crushed. And I think the problem here, politically, speaking to Karl and to you, Martha, is that the Democratic base is fractured in response to Biden's strong support for Israel and concern that he is not sufficiently empathetic for the kind of suffering that the Palestinians are going through.MACCALLUM: Yes.WILLIAMS: But standing with Hamas, nobody thinks that's right.MACCALLUM: He's been scolding Israel left and right and, you know, sort of one hand and the other with Israel. And it's Hamas --WILLIAMS: He sent military aid.MACCALLUM: -- held down the Palestinian people more than anyone over all of these years.WILLIAMS: Well, he sent military aid, he sent jets. The United States continues to be a strong. I think unequivocal supporter of Israel.MACCALLUM: OK. Gentlemen, thank you very much, Juan Williams and Karl Rove, great to see you both. And a very angst filled afternoon on this Monday as we watch what's going on here.Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who some are eyeing for a potential big role in a second Trump administration. The also former CIA director will respond to the reality of statements like this on US soil.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hamas ate the hostages. Stop looking for them. The hostages are not coming back.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right. Breaking news this afternoon on campuses across the country, here's a look at Columbia University on the left hand side of your screen -- on the right hand side of your screen, excuse me. They were told to clear out at 2:00 PM. The president of the university said if you don't clear out, you're going to be suspended from campus. But no such action yet, maybe something around 6:00 PM.Different story over in Austin, Texas at the University of Texas there where police have been arresting the protesters for breaking the rules of campus protest, so they are carrying this out in a slightly different way. In moments, we'll talk to former secretary of State Mike Pompeo. First, though, check back in with correspondent Alexis McAdams live at Columbia with the very latest on what's happening there. Hi, Alexis.MCADAMS: Hey, Martha. Well, 341 and counting, but I think the question is, right, who is in charge here at Columbia University? Is it the president, Minouche Shafik, or is it the protesters? We're going to show you here as people continue to walk by, calling for a ceasefire, saying they're not going to break down their tents because they want their demands met first. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When we asked for amnesty, they gave us more discipline. Earlier this morning, university delegates appeared at the entrance of our encampment with disciplinary notices.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So that was one of the students talking just a short time ago. They have these daily press conferences, Martha, where they'll kind of address the group here who's out in front of the encampment, talk to people about what they're still calling for, saying Minouche Shafik is going to threaten them. So they're just going to basically double down here.There are hundreds of people, though, walking around this campus, so that's kind of been the majority of the action here. You can see them walking here with their faces kind of covered and saying that they want the university to give them what they want. They don't really care about the NYPD standing outside because they say they're not going anywhere, Martha?MACCALLUM: Alexis, thank you very much. We're keeping an eye on all of these protests around the country as Israel works to secure a ceasefire agreement with Hamas to release some of the hostages. Several of them are American hostages whose families really want them home, obviously, at this point. Hamas says that they have serious questions about the deal.Secretary of State Antony Blinken says that these deals have been very generous and have been turned down by Hamas. And he says this deal is the best deal they will get.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, US SECRETARY OF STATE: Hamas has before a proposal that is extraordinarily, extraordinarily generous. I'm hopeful that they will make the right decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: As I said, eight citizens from the United States are among those being held in the tunnels under Gaza. Five of them are believed to be still alive, including 64-year-old Keith Siegel and 23 year old Hersh Goldberg- Pilin both were seen in Hamas propaganda videos over the weekend.The first proof of life we have seen of either of those individuals. Obviously, that was met with a measure of relief from their families, but also just a heightened anxiety and hope for their loved ones to come home.In moments, former secretary of State Mike Pompeo, first to Gillian Turner, our correspondent at the State Department. Hi, Gillian.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS STATE DEPARTMENT CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Well, the Biden administration is now condemning an ally at war. The State Department just announced that five IDF units have committed what they call gross human rights violations. And by law, this means US funding to those units are now up in the air. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VEDANT PATEL, STATE DEPARTMENT DEPUTY SPOKESPERSON: We found five Israeli units responsible for individual incidents of gross violations of human rights. All of these were incidents much before October 7th, and none took place in Gaza. Four of these units have effectively remediated these violations, which is what we expected partners to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Now, the Biden administration made this decision about the IDF in recent days. It has been met so far with intense pushback behind the scenes from Israel. It's also likely to increase anti-US and anti-Israel sentiment around the world already at historical highs. Now, the next step, according to US statute, is funding cuts. But State Department today referred used to share any details when pressed about it by reporters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PATEL: So I'm not going to get into the specifics of these incidents run up here. It is an ongoing process so I'm not going to get more prescriptive or specific on the relevant details.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Now, the so called Leahy Law refers to two US statutes that prohibit the government from funding foreign militaries when it is believed they have committed gross human rights violations. This news, of course, comes as Blinken himself is right now in Saudi Arabia discussing a potential ceasefire in Gaza with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud today.Now, just days ago, still holding hostages, as you mentioned a moment ago, taken back on October 7th, Hamas released more videos of people in their captivity, including one dual Israeli American citizen who appeared to be not in great shape. This, of course, as Blinken continues to insist he is advocating for the release of these hostages as soon as possible. The ball appears to be in Hamas' court right now. Martha?MACCALLUM: OK. Gillian Turner, thank you very much, Gillian.So let's bring in Mike Pompeo, former Secretary of State, former CIA Director, a Fox News contributor, and he last visited Israel in February, has been there many times. Secretary, good to have you with us today. Can you explain this to me?MIKE POMPEO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Great to be with you, Martha.MACCALLUM: You know, so you've got Antony Blinken trying to work out a new alliance between Saudi Arabia and Israel, which you also worked on when you were in the Trump administration on the one hand, and then you have the State Department standing at the podium saying, we're going to potentially rescind aid to Israel because of human rights violations that happened before October 7th. Can you explain that strategy to me?POMPEO: Sadly, no, Martha. You're going to have to go someplace else to get a decent explanation of that. What I can tell you is, it demonstrates the absolute moral confusion inside of the Biden administration. They have refused to have the moral clarity to understand that Israel is fighting to defend its own nation, and that is Iran and Hamas that are terrorizing the citizens not only of Gaza and of Israel, but of the United States and the world. And they get it wrong, right?Remember, the beginning administration, the first thing they did was take the Houthis off the terror list. Now they're sanctioning or threatening to take away funding to Israel because of something that happened long predating October 7th.If the United States can't understand the difference between the good guys in this fight, the people who are fighting for freedom, frankly, fighting to make life better for people in Gaza itself, and the bad guys, the Iranians and the Hamas terrorists that are holding not only Israelis but Americans hostage today, then you get this kind of crazy, muddled policy that is absolutely unexplainable.MACCALLUM: OK. Because that's the way it looked to me, so I'm trying to figure out what's going on here, because listen to Antony Blinken, who is, I think, on his 7th trip to the Middle East since October 7th, and he's trying to put together a deal between Saudi Arabia and Israel, while back at home they're condemning Israel and saying they're human rights violators. This is what Blinken had to say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BLINKEN: I think the single biggest, most effective rebuke to both Iran and Hamas would be Israel having normal relations with every country in this region.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: I would imagine you would agree with that.POMPEO: That I agree with. And the way to do that is not to put pressure on the Israelis and the IDF. It is not to restrain them from defending their homeland. Precisely what the kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Emiratis, the Omanis, the Kuwaitis, they all want for their own country to be able to defend themselves. When you are muddled, when you don't have moral clarity, the confusion that you're expressing, Martha, is absolutely what the whole world will see.This is dangerous. I pray that we will help the Israelis get to where they need to be to keep themselves secure, and that we can build out, and build on the Abraham Accords, and get a more peaceful, more prosperous Middle East.You can't do it by creating space where Hamas watches what's taking place on our campuses in America and our State Department here in Washington and saying, America is confused. It's time to threaten it.MACCALLUM: Yes. I remember right after October 7th, there were some celebrities who were cheering on the paragliders that landed in the music festival at the beginning of that horrific assault and killing. You know, I don't -- you don't hear a lot of specificity about Hamas' role in what they have done to Gaza over the course of their leadership there. And we don't hear that from the president either. It seems like that would be a fairly easy line of understanding to press on what the US policy is.POMPEO: Martha, that's exactly what I alluded to at the beginning of my comments. The terrorists in Gaza are Hamas. These are the folks who were responsible for everything that happened inside of that place since 2006, the devastation, the famine, the hard lives of the people who lived there, the Gazans who lived in that strip of land. It's the direct result not of what Israel did. They haven't had an Israeli there since 2006.These are the people who have oppressed the Gazans. And when the war came, when the atrocities of October 7th took place, they began to put these folks in harm's way every day. And they have used those civilians to try and get leverage against Israel and the United States. And we can't let them do that.The problem here is Iran, and they're terrorists, that they funded their Hamas. And if we don't recognize that and impose real costs on them, it'll be dangerous not only for the people of Gaza and those citizens who have suffered so much, but the people of Israel and the wider Gulf Arab states as well.MACCALLUM: I want to squeeze in two more questions real quick if I can. The first one is, what would you say to those who say, well, there's no more occupation by Israel, but the blockades are essentially an occupation because you can't get in or out through the main entrances to Gaza.POMPEO: Yes, absolute nonsense. There have been openings, there have been gates, there have been the basis to get concrete, food supplies, electricity, all in, all assisted by Israel. Israel assisted by allowing folks to work inside of Israel, and travel back and forth between Gaza. That's just pure nonsense, Martha.MACCALLUM: All right. Here's Hugh Hewitt, different topic before we go. Here's what he had to say when he was asked who would be in a Trump cabinet if the former president is reelected. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HUGH HEWITT, NATIONALLY SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: If one of them doesn't get named for VP, I think they ought to go to defense, either Cotton or Pompeo.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Your thoughts on your name being proposed for either vice president or secretary of Defense? Are these roles that you want?POMPEO: Martha, you know, whenever I've been asked to serve and I thought it could make a difference, I've said yes. If President Trump were to ask me, we haven't talked about it. I doubt that we will for a bit. But if he reaches out to me and says he thinks I can help, I'd be honored to accept and do my best to serve in the same way that I tried to do as CIA director and secretary of State.MACCALLUM: All right, we'll see where it goes. Thank you so much, former Secretary Mike Pompeo, current Fox News contributor.POMPEO: Yes, ma'am.MACCALLUM: Good to have you here always. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much.So Hugh Hewitt actually is going to be with us in just a moment. He joins us coming up. But first, we want to go live to the White House where correspondent Peter Doocy has just come out of the briefing that happened this afternoon. Peter, what can you tell us?PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Well, we can tell you that White House officials are saying President Biden knows about what's going on but they can't speak to exactly how much information he is consuming or whether or not he is watching it on TV. But they say that his focus is on trying to work out a ceasefire deal to release remaining hostages who are being held in Gaza. That is consuming more of his time and anything going on a college campus.Two things, very interesting. Officials will not say whether or not they support police, the use of police force to clear out these encampments. They are saying that is up to the individual colleges and universities. And they're saying now that as long as protests are made peaceful or remain peaceful, that it's OK to protest at something like a commencement ceremony. Of course, that would have to be a commencement that is not canceled or moved, Martha.MACCALLUM: Peter, I just want to ask you quickly, did anyone ask a question to Karine Jean-Pierre about the report over the weekend that there's an effort, there was an effort to push her out of that press secretary position?DOOCY: No, it did not come up in almost an hour of a briefing. I would point out that somehow she did not see me in the front row with my hand raised that whole time.MACCALLUM: We know you'll keep raising your hand, Peter. That's why we keep coming back. Thank you very much, Peter Doocy, joining us from the White House this afternoon.With that, we bring in Hugh Hewitt, Nationally Syndicated radio show host. Hugh, great to have you. Always good to have you with us.HEWITT: Hi. Good to see you.MACCALLUM: You know, it's interesting, I know you touched on this but these calls for Karine Jean-Pierre, you know, today she was addressing what does the President think about these protests? And she went back to a number of, you know, sort of prepackaged comments about, well, we certainly won't say anything about leadership on campuses, should they?HEWITT: She's just so bad at this job. Martha. How hard is it to say Hamas is a terrorist organization officially designated as such by the United States and we condemn everyone who stands with them, though they have the First Amendment right to do so, given time, place and manner. She can't get that out. She can't say obvious things as (inaudible) moral clarity is a requirement if you're going to be in front of the national press corps.I'm not surprised you'd call on Peter because you would have asked a very pointy question, and she's just not quit this job. And I think the White House, the sooner they move to Admiral Kirby all the time, the better off Joe Biden's fading chances will be, though I don't see them improving very much.Given -- I just have to say that he's managed to offend everybody with his stance on Israel. He's offended the supporters of the Palestinians. He's offended the Israelis. He's offended Jewish people in the United States. He's offended people like me who are not Jewish and support Israel. It's incoherent. I don't know if it's because he's in firm or because it's intentionally incoherent, but his numbers reflect that. His policy, 100% wrong every day since then said so.MACCALLUM: We're seeing some of that perhaps reflected in these new Gallup polls. We talked about them a little bit with Juan Williams and Karl Rove. But what's your take, because these are new numbers that show the current president in the weakest position of any modern, any president really at this stage of the presidency.HEWITT: It's shocking. I don't know how he gets out of this tailspin, Martha. Your history is right. James Carville is now mocking the people who are upset with the president. I love that clip you had of James, old friend. But the fact is, if you're mocking the people that you want to vote for you, you're not going to succeed in persuading them to come back.There is going to be a nightmare in Chicago. There is going to be, I think, a blowout in November unless they switch out the president. He is infirm. It's impossible to miss this fact. They are now surrounding him with AIDS as he walks to the helicopter because his shuffle is so pronounced. And I feel bad for the guy, but the United States of America is the leader of the West and we can't be the leader of the West if we don't have a leader who can lead.MACCALLUM: Yes. You know what, for those who missed that, let's play this James Carville sot because it makes clear, Hugh, as you just mentioned, that there are Democrats who are so furious about the state of what's going on right now and the youth vote that is drifting down this avenue of supporting the pro-Palestinian cause and in some cases the pro-Hamas cause and not, you know, claiming that the current president doesn't address what they care about. Here's James Carville for those who missed it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Can you tell these young people, if you don't get involved right now, in this election, they're going to be involved in your life for the rest of your fricking life. But that's all right, you little 26-year-old. You don't feel like the election is important to me, they're not addressing the issues that I care about.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: I mean, really mocking them. And, you know, over the weekend, this big growing battle between the New York Times and President Biden as well. I mean, what do you think these entities and this individual, what do you think they're pushing for exactly? What do they want?HEWITT: I think they're pushing Joe Biden out the door. I know James Carville isn't. James stands by the president, but I think the New York Times realize there's a Democratic wipeout rising because, again, a lot of people are going to vote inflation, a lot of people are going to vote crime, a lot of people are going to vote about the border or about DEI. But anyone who cares about Israel and especially Jewish Americans --MACCALLUM: Sorry. We are seeing a live shot here in Austin where they're taking students down in a very forceful manner right now. They're clearly moving in, these police officers. And, Hugh, you know, I mean, you remember, of course, the scenes that we saw in during the Vietnam War, and these scenes are going to remind a lot of Americans this, what is the takeaway for the country as they watch this, Hugh?HEWITT: Preview of coming attractions in Chicago in August. That's what they should be thinking about because this is going to get worse because they allowed it to get this bad to be everywhere, Columbia, USC, everywhere. That allowed it to come out of hand, now they have to be (inaudible).MACCALLUM: You know, it's interesting to go back to that period, Hugh, because Lyndon Johnson dropped out, I believe, in March, right?HEWITT: Yes. (Inaudible) primary.MACCALLUM: Right. So, you know, fairly late in the game. We're now at the end of April, and you say you think that's what the New York Times wants to happen here. So what happened back then is that Lyndon Johnson shocked the nation and said, I'm not going to accept the nomination of my party, and Hubert Humphrey stepped in. And then you had that tumultuous scene in Chicago.HEWITT: Well, what happened then was that Hubert Humphrey ran against Robert Kennedy and, of course, Robert Kennedy was assassinated and Eugene McCarthy. And then they had the 1968 convention. What I can see happening here, Martha, long shot, but the only way out of this for Democrats is for President Biden to wait until the eve of the convention, then announce he is throwing, he's withdrawing and throwing it open to the delegates.Because they don't want to nominate the vice president because if there's one politician that's even less popular than Joe Biden in the United States, it's Kamala Harris.MACCALLUM: Fascinating parallels, and you're great at bringing us the context on all this, Hugh. It's really great to have you with us. Thank you very much for joining us today.HEWITT: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Hugh Hewitt. So we're watching students get arrested on the University of Texas at Austin. Very, very volatile scene here. And we're going to be watching this breaking news throughout the afternoon. Thank you for joining us on "The Story," continuing Fox News breaking coverage of these tumultuous scenes on US campuses. I'll see you back here tomorrow at 3:00.