KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks to Kennedy, Jim Norton, Andrew Gruel, Tyrus and our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Kat Timpf and on behalf of Greg Gutfeld, I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And a live look now at Columbia University. The campus was shut down because of hundreds of anti-Semitic protesters, and many of them are still there. We'll cover breaking news on that. And a short time ago, anti-Israel protesters lighting flares near the campus. Police lined up with their helmets. You can see them trying to keep the crowds back. We will keep you updated on that. Meantime, the Columbia University President testifying on Capitol Hill that she has seen no anti-Semitic protests. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. LISA MCCLAIN (R-MI): When mobs or people are shouting from the river to the sea, Palestine must be free or long live the intifada. Are those anti-Semitic statements? Yes or no? It's not how you feel.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I hear them as such. Some people don't. We have sent clear message.MCCLAIN: So is that yes?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have sent clear message to our community.MCCLAIN: I'm not asking about the message. Is that fall under definition of anti-Semitic behavior? Yes or no? Why is it so tough?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Because it's a it's a difficult issue.REP, ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): Have you seen a protest saying we are against Jewish people?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, I have seen it.OMAR: OK, thank you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I have cried. False reports accusing Arabs and Muslims of decapitating the head decapitating the heads(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. Meantime, the president of Columbia University as you heard there refusing to call the anti-Israel anti-Semitic slogans, anti-Semitic, which is hard to position to take when anti-Semitic agitators are now taking over Columbia's campus in New York, chanting, we don't want no Zionist here, intifada and death to the Zionist state with no mention of the Israeli hostages that are still being held in captivity.As we told you, that demonstration continuing right now as students disregard a university advisory demanding the protest end by 9:00 p.m. It is two minutes after the hour of 11:00 in the east and even threatening these students with suspension if they didn't stop, they are still going on. Let's get to Matt Finn. He's live with more on this. Matt.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, we are monitoring those ongoing protests in New York tonight and all this comes after Columbia University's president testified before Congress today about Columbia's battle against anti-Semitism. At the same time, anti-Israel protesters demonstrated at her school in New York. And that's happening live tonight. Columbia's president testified before the House Committee on Education and the Workforce today.Now, you may recall the now infamous testimony from the presidents of Harvard, MIT, and the University of Pennsylvania back in December, in which they couldn't say they'd definitively punished students calling for the genocide of Jews. The president of Harvard and UPenn later resigned. Today, Columbia's president is being criticizing for refusing to say whether the slogan from the river to the sea is anti-Semitic.However, in general, she took a firmer stand against Jewish hate speech in comparison to some of her other Ivy League presidents.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. SUZANNE BONAMICI (D-OR): So to begin, I would like to clarify something with a simple yes or no question for all of the witnesses. Does calling for the genocide of Jews violate Columbia's code of conduct?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, it does.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: And here in Southern California, the pro-Palestinian valedictorian of USC says the school has "betrayed her" for canceling her graduation speech, citing increasing anti-Semitic safety concerns. Asna Tabassum promoted a link online that says, in part, the founders of Israel were racist Zionists and calls for the state of Israel to be abolished. She's now writing in a statement, "anti-Muslim and anti-Palestine voices have subjected me to a campaign of racist hatred because of my uncompromising belief in human rights for all." Asna says she feels empowered by the backlash."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ASNA TABASSUM, USC VALEDICTORIAN: It also energized me, though, because I know that, you know, what I'm facing is something that a lot of people have faced and to a much more dangerous extent.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: Asna says she does not apologize for posting the link and insists she's committed to safety for all. Trace.GALLAGHER: We're going to talk about that, Matt Finn live for us here. Matt, back to you as the news breaks. We are still watching the live protesters. Meantime, let's bring in the Lawfare Project CEO who is suing Columbia on behalf of one of its Jewish students, Brooke Goldstein, along with former Israeli special envoy for combating anti-Semitism and delegitimization of Israel, Noa Tishby. Thank you both for coming on.So, the president of Columbia testified about anti-Semitism on campus and she clearly, Brooke Goldstein did a flip-flop. I want to watch this, and then it will get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OMAR: Have you seen a protest saying, we are against Jewish people?MINOUCHE SHAFIK, PRESIDENT OF COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY: No. At some of these events, the slurs and the chants have been F the Jews, death to Jews, F Israel.OMAR: Anti-Jewish things were said at protests, yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, there's the flip-flop. And Brooke, for your purposes, we should note that the Lawfare Project is suing Columbia for failing to protect a Jewish student and even retaliating against that student. What do we know about that?BROOKE GOLDSTEIN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, LAWFARE PROJECT: Well, Trace, thank you so much for having me. I've spent my entire career fighting anti- Semitism, and as you know, we have several lawsuits against universities throughout the country including Carnegie Mellon University and Cooper Union, but never in my career have I seen things as horrific as what is going on at Columbia University campus, where pro-Hamas mobs are running rampant, where Jewish students are being harassed, they are being verbally and physically assaulted.One student had his hand broken and while a conciliatory tone was being struck by the president of the school and some of the board of trustees that were testifying, the question is, what are the consequences? There have been no consequences. There was one professor who's actually a defendant in our lawsuit, Professor Andre Ivanoff, she had a complaint against her, multiple complaints, and the school actually determined she was guilty of anti-Jewish discrimination. What did they do?They put her on sabbatical only to bring her back to discriminate against our second client. There are no consequences at this school.GALLAGHER: And you look at what's happening right here, Brooke. You look at this as live pictures of Columbia University, they were told to be done by 9:00, that was two hours and six minutes ago, they were threatened with suspension, and there they still are. And Noa Tishby, you now, 70 percent of Jewish college students say they have experienced or witnessed anti- Semitism, and there it is.NOA TISHBY, ISRAELI ACTIVIST: Absolutely, there it is. So here is the problem. The hearing that we saw today, finally, what can I say, she got better coaching. She was better coach, and she was finally able to say that, yes, genocide against Jews is a hate speech. Thank you so much. That is not how you deal with the problem. What the problem is, is the culture on campus and until we deal with the culture on campus, nothing can end.So as long as there are going to be BDS referendums all over campuses in America, as long as SJP, Students for Justice in Palestine is allowed on campuses, Jewish students are going to continue to feel harassed, marginalized, and attacked. We need to deal with the culture on campus, not just with the presidents who were better coach today than they were before.GALLAGHER: I want to switch over. We're going to continue watching the live pictures here, and out of the case of Asna Tabassum, the USC student, the valedictorian, not being allowed to speak because of calls to abolish the Jewish state. She said, the following here on CNN. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TABASSUM: I'm not apologetic. I believe in what I believe, and it is because of the people around me that I've met at USC, the classes that I've taken, the professors that I have learned from, that have led me to look at the world in this way. And, you know, it's unfortunate that, you know, human rights is controversial.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Got about a minute left, Brooke. I want to get both you and Noa's take on this. What do you think about that case at USC?GOLDSTEIN: Well, she just proved exactly what Noa just said, that USC basically radicalized her. Look, being a valedictorian at a school is a privilege. It is not a right. And, of course, now the Council on American Islamic Relations, a Muslim Brotherhood front organization, is representing her. This is the same campus that's under investigation for already 1-1/2 years by the Department of Education. And, again, nothing has happened.GALLAGHER: Yes. Noa.TISHBY: She is saying that it's Islamophobia and I have to negate that. It's not Islamophobia when you're calling and you're speaking out against Jihadism. She should not have been invited to begin with. If you cannot utter the words Israel has the right to exist and you cannot condemn Hamas, you should not be invited to speak on college campus.GALLAGHER: Noa Tishby, Brooke Goldstein, thank you both for coming on. We appreciate it.TISHBY: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Meantime on Capitol Hill, the impeachment trial of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas was over before it began. But in New York, the fallout over the crisis at the southern border continues as more than 1,000 migrants rush city hall. Reportedly over false promises of work visas and green cards. Ashley Strohmier live in New York City, with new information on this. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. New York City was once again center stage today showing just how overwhelmed some of America's cities are by the migrant crisis. Over 1,000 black asylum seekers from places like Guinea and West Africa gathered in and outside city hall to protest what they're calling racial inequities in the city's immigrant support systems.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MERCEDES NARCISSE (D) NYC COUNCIL MEMBER: Our colors should not determine what service we got in New York City because when everyone else come to get all the services. What the brothers and sisters is asking, they're not asking to beg, they're asking for help.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: That flashpoint taking place right alongside tensions on Capitol Hill between Republicans and DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. The GOP effort to impeach Mayorkas and hold them accountable for failing to secure the border was swiftly dismissed by the Senate today. Mayorkas claims the border is Congress's problem anyway. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, DHS SECRETARY: we need Congress to pass the bipartisan legislation that a group of senators worked on. That is the enduring solution. We cannot change a broken immigration system. Only Congress.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Regardless of who is responsible, big cities have been left to deal with the fallout. Denver City Council is considering cutting $41 million from the budget that does include eight million from the police department to support the migrant response. Democratic Mayor Mike Johnston said that would not affect the number of officers deployed on the street.And Trace, ICE officials confirmed to Fox News Digital tonight that a Haitian migrant accused of killing two roommates in New York was in fact paroled into the U.S. after booking an appointment on that controversial CBP One app.GALLAGHER: Yes, one more case. Ashley Strohmier live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you. Let's bring in The Hill National Politics reporter, Julia Manchester. New York Post reporter Lydia Moynihan and Chicago resident, Cata Truss. Thank you all for coming on. Here is a New York City public advocate saying that illegal immigrants are not getting what they need. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JUMAANE WILLIAMS, NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC ADVOCATE: I'm saddened that this administration and some of the things they're doing are hurting black migrants the most. Black migrants have not gotten the language access they needed. They haven't been able to connect to services.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, Julia, the list just keeps getting longer. These sanctuary cities have now got to take care of these people, even though they've admitted and literally do not have the resources.JULIA MANCHESTER, THE HILL NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER: Yes. Absolutely, Trace. I think what you're seeing is that a lot of these large cities, urban quarters in areas like New York, Chicago, the list goes on. They're now really finding out what it's like to be a border town and they're really trying to scramble to find the funding or figure out how to use that funding to deal with this crisis. But at the same time, it seems like they're really having trouble finding their footing because, you know, in a lot of these cities, it's not just the migrant crisis they're going through. They're also dealing with other issues like homelessness. So it's a real issue for them.GALLAGHER: We're going to talk about that coming up later in the show, but you're exactly right. Denver had to cut its city budget, including the police department. But Newsweek writes the following here, Cata Truss. The Denver Asylum Seekers program will help migrant secure housing and work authorization for up to six months after they apply for asylum. I think that is insufficient, says Willy Bastidas, an immigrant who helped organize the protest.Denver cannot pay its own bills, Cata Truss and these people are demanding more and more. Your thoughts?CATA TRUSS, CHICAGO RESIDENT: Well, not only can Denver not afford to take care of the migrants that are there, but neither can Chicago. And that is why our mayor is currently asking the city for an additional $70 million that they're going to be voting for in city council on Friday. Of course, the Chicago residents are saying no, we've given enough. At some point, all of these sanctuary cities are going to have to take a step back and say, you know what, we may need to rethink this because we don't have the resources to take care of the people that are here.And I think that the federal government also has to look at the border. Biden has to look at the border crisis and he has to step in and provide some kind of executive order to wait around for Congress to come up with some common sense immigration legislation. We know we've been waiting on that for the past. I don't know how many years.GALLAGHER: And I think this whole, Cata, I think when you look at this whole thing, you look at New York and Chicago, as you were saying, L.A. Denver, the public schools are getting tens of thousands of students, Lydia Moynihan, and they don't know what to do with them. They're short on teachers. They don't have Spanish-speaking teachers, and it is detrimental to the students who are already in the school and test scores could not get much lower.LYDIA MOYNIHAN, NEW YORK POST REPORTER: That's exactly right. And what we're seeing is it's a zero-sum game when it comes to government budget. So if you cut, you know, one thing and then spend it on immigrants that hurts your existing people who live in those cities. And so unfortunately, it's students, it's veterans, it's senior citizens who are seeing their benefits cut as result to make the numbers work.And in New York, we continue to give out $10,000 debit cards to immigrants. We have people staying sometimes at $400 a night hotels. We spent $4.3 billion the last two years on housing for immigrants. And you got to make the numbers work. And so the sad reality is that students are the ones who are facing the consequences.GALLAGHER: Yes. And the problem is is that people that the sanctuary cities are trying to protect the underserved, the veterans you name it, the whole thing is, Julia, they can't. They don't have the resources and those people are getting crushed in this effort to help everybody else.MANCHESTER: Yes, absolutely. I think it definitely makes it difficult. And right now I think you're going to see cities, you know, going into election season, for example, you know, face real questions. And I think voters will be making decisions as to whether to relax some of these officials or what path they want to go, you know, essentially take forward.GALLAGHER: Do you think it's going to be a big issue in Chicago? This issue is going to be big come election season, Cata Truss, very quickly, in Chicago.TRUSS: Oh, absolutely. And I've talked about this on this show multiple times. We here in Chicago are so despondent with the Democratic Party that I am working to turn Chicago red. That is my new goal, getting more people involved and basically just staying to the Democratic Party. That if this is a role that you want to continue to go down, we can't go with you.GALLAGHER: Yes, you have said that, Cata, many times. And I think they're starting to listen. Lydia Moynihan, I've got 15 seconds for you to wrap us up here. I mean, this thing is going to be impactful.MOYNIHAN: To say the least, look, this is the number one issue that people are concerned about as we are heading into this election cycle. And so even though this Mayorkas impeachment has not moved forward, I think the conversation that we're having around that is important. Sunlight is the best disinfectant. And so bringing visibility to these issues and at least getting people to talk about it, getting the administration to address it. Hopefully that's fresh on people's minds as we continue this election.GALLAGHER: And listen, not impeaching Mayorkas is not -- this is not a vote of confidence. I mean, not doing your job well does not warrant impeachment sometimes, but you're still not doing your job well. Thank you, Julia Manchester, Lydia Moynihan, Cata Truss. Thank you very much. We appreciate it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTERS: No one is above the law. No one is above the law. Trump is not above the law. Trump is not above the law.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What kind of juror in your mind, is an ideal juror in this trial?DONALD TRUMP (D) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Anybody that's fair.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you share your opinion of the former president?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm not a fan. It's very difficult for anyone really in this country to not come to this with prior opinions. I think we all have prior opinions about the defendant unless you've been like living in a cardboard box since 2014.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, the uphill climb for Donald Trump's defense team will continue tomorrow in day three of jury selection for his criminal hush money trial in New York City. Let's bring in the co-chair of the America First Policies Institute's law Center for Law and Justice, former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. Pam, it's great to see you as always. The Wall Street Journal says the following here on one of the jurors who was chosen.A married I.T. consultant who lives in Manhattan's Lower East Side was among the seven selected. He said in court Tuesday, he found Trump fascinating and mysterious. He marveled at how polarizing the former president is saying he walks into a room, he sets people off one way or another. Really? This guy, this one guy can do all of this. So, this guy thinks the former president is a flamethrower and he's going to make a good juror?PAM BONDI, FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yes. And Trace, what they're doing is they're forcing the president to use. He only has 15 peremptory strikes. Meaning he can strike anybody for any reason, but only 15 times. Many of these people should be stricken for cause. Yet from what we're hearing, the judge is not letting that happen. If a juror has something on their social media that had said Trump should go to jail, they're gone. They should be gone for cause.That's the law. But if that's not happening, that's a big problem for the prosecution. Because if convicted, this case will be reversed.GALLAGHER: Yes, I got a third. I got toBONDI: It's absurd.GALLAGHER: I got to put this up. This is the ladies on The View. Worried that Trump might get off on this case. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: What could happen in a case like this is if you have someone and we were talking about this morning, someone in Clay Travis is sort of telling people to get onto that jury, you get one person that sneaks onto that jury with untoward feelings that person can hang that jury.(CROSSTALK)JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: You have to be(CROSSTALK)HOSTIN: Well, you lie. You lie. You say, I hate Trump. I -- but I can be impartial.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Crazy. What are your thoughts on that, Pam?BONDI: Look, all they need is one juror who's going to be fair and impartial. And you know, there are going to be 12 jurors and six alternates. And that's all they need. Yes, those women are ridiculous. They don't know what they're talking about. You just need one juror who's going to follow the law because President Trump did nothing wrong.GALLAGHER: And I wanted to get your take on this because I have you here. The Carolina Journal writes the following. Students suspended for using the term illegal alien in English class. 16-year-old student at Central Davidson High School in Lexington was suspended for three days last week after using the term illegal alien during a vocabulary assignment in English class. Illegal alien, illegal immigrant is the legal definition on federal laws.BONDI: And Trace, that is said over 60 times in federal law. Illegal alien. And the project was to say the word alien. And so, the child asked is it a space alien or an illegal alien you want us to write about? He got suspended. It could ruin his college chances. It could ruin his sports chances in college. And so at America First Policy Institute, we've already tried to reach out to that family to help represent him because if a football coach, remember Coach Kennedy, if it had to go to the Supreme Court to show that he can pray on the side of a field, this child can use the word illegal alien in a class, especially in English class.GALLAGHER: Yes. And we are going to try to get that kid on. Pam Bondi, great to have you on as always. Thank you.Meantime, coming up FOX NEWS @ NIGHT keeps highlighting the attacks on conservative voters. And the MAGA crowd from the Biden administration, the media and those on the left. Well, the attacks just keep on coming and we've got some pushback next.Later in The Nightcap, a vital question that could make or break relationship. Is it gaining steam? What's your preferred way to chat with somebody? Would you rather text or call? Some say it's not urgent. Just text me. Others default to talking on the phone because it's more efficient and personal. What do you prefer? Texting? Calling? Let us know X and Instagram. We will read the best responses coming up in The Nightcap. Coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back down to our breaking news live at Columbia University where the protesters are still going on. They were told to be done by 9:00 p.m. They were even threatened with suspension or expulsion and yet there they are, 2-1/2 hours later still protesting, still chanting anti-Semitic chants and there is nobody there moving them along. We will continue to watch this as FOX NEWS @ NIGHT continues.Meantime, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT is making it a priority to keep track of how rural voters and Trump supporters are being attacked by politicians and the mainstream media. Tonight the senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is taking a closer look at this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. You've no doubt heard the expressions before these disparaging descriptions like, you know, basket of deplorables, God, gays and guns, extreme MAGA Republicans. Each in its own way is obviously meant to disparage tens of millions of Americans who vote for Republicans in general and for President Trump in particular. And while one might think the media is sneering barbs directed at Trump backers where a thing of the past critics say nope they're still at it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: And I'm getting tired of saying this to people who claim to be patriotic but hate America.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He is advocating for complete and total presidential immunity. His words not mine. That is monarchy (BLEEP) and it's your right to support it. But just do me a favor for historical accuracy. Next time you want to dress up at the rallies, wear the right (BLEEP) colored coats.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Now all jokes aside, Stuart and others have theorized that there's this anti-intellectualism and anti-elitism that's pervasive among Trump's voters which is precisely the sort of thinking that drove NPR whistleblower Uri Berliner to resign from his post writing that he simply couldn't work in a newsroom where he was disparaged. This as the Washington Post also faces backlash tonight for as some critics put it, white washing anti- Semitism as being mere criticisms of Israel, Trace.GALLAGHER: We're going to talk about all that. Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in the host of a Home That Heals podcast, former news anchor and unofficial founder of the Pragmaticals, formerly known as the Deplorables, Dee Sarton and the author of Come On, Man, Fox News contributor Joe Conchia. Thank you to you both. I want to play one more clip of Joe Scarborough's rant. It's worth the watch. Here it is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, NBC HOST: What's wrong with you? Who raised you? What history did you read? That's it. Like, where are you from? you may claim to be from where I'm from, but you were not raised by the same teachers I was raised by. And you don't read.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: "And you don't read." He's getting cheers, he's getting kind of egged on as he goes on there, and you don't read. I mean, he's taken a swing, Dee, for all intents and purposes at the pragmaticals, the people who believe in faith, family, and freedom. Your thoughts?DEE SARTON, FORMER NEWS ANCHOR: Yes, the people I run into at the grocery store all the time who are telling me more and more that they don't watch the news anymore because of those very types of comments. And you know, the pragmaticals, those are people that are looking at the world around them, and they are very aware of what's happening, because it's happening to their pocketbooks, it's happening in their schools, it's happening all around them.And so, they're making their decisions, oftentimes not because they're - this is what I hear, not because they're great Trump supporters. They want common-sense leadership to return in some fashion, and right now, Donald Trump for them, for many of the people, especially in a red state like Idaho, that's the choice. And so, to hear that, you know, you just want to say, yes, we weren't raised by the same teachers. It's a very different world out here.GALLAGHER: It really is crazy. So, Joe Scarborough also said this Joe Concha.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SCARBOROUGH: If they vote for Donald Trump in 2024 and I've said it on my show, I'll say it here, they're knowingly voting for a fascist. They're voting for a racist. He's openly racist, he's openly bigoted.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, he's calling these supporters bigoted, Joe, and you worry, you think he and Katie Couric are calling these people dumb and they're bigoted? What's going on here?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Wow, Trace, how do I put this? Joe Scarborough is either a profound idiot or the worst kind of performance artist that you'll see outside of, you know, Skidamax at 3:00 in the morning. Because here's the deal, to go after 74 million people who voted for Donald Trump and currently basically half the country right now and calling them idiots for voting for what he says is a fascist or a dictator or whatever word we're using today to describe Donald Trump only shows how out of touch Joe Scarborough is.If he went to Ohio or Pennsylvania or Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, any swing state, get out of the ivory tower that is MSNBC at 30 Rock in New York or if he's down in Washington or when he's down in Florida doing a show from there, he would hear that people have real concerns about inflation, crime, the border, and two wars going on right now. But of course, Joe Scarborough is much like the elite media -- he's out of touch with everybody else.GALLAGHER: Meantime, Uri Berliner resigned from NPR saying the following: "I'm resigning from NPR, a great American institution where I've worked 25 years. I don't support calls to defund NPR, I respect the integrity of my colleagues, wish for NPR to thrive and do important journalism, but I cannot work in a newsroom where I am disparaged by the new CEO whose divisive views confirm the very problems at NPR I cite in my free press essay." I mean, it's amazing that this whole thing is, you know, federally funded in part Dee, but it's kind of a sad solution.SARTON: It really is. You know, I was really moved by Uri Berliner's article, his opinion piece, because as I read it, I thought, you know, I worked in local news for 40 years, proud to work in local news, close to the people, close to what they're thinking and the things that are affecting them. And but, sadly, we also regurgitated a lot of very, very biased news. And it became, you know, I've been retired now for five years, it was getting worse, and worse, and worse.And I have to say, I wish I had been more outspoken at the time, but there's this sense that you, you want to be careful what you say because you don't want to come out like you're crazy. Because you're getting all of this from national media and after all they should know what they're talking about. But I think it's time for even local media outlets to stand up and say, hey, we, we got to start taking a closer look at this.GALLAGHER: I think you're right. Joe, I've got 10 seconds for you to wrap us up.CONCHA: Well, it is fascinating, Trace, that NPR insists that they are the people that celebrate diversity and the exchange of free ideas and support, and then one editor who only won a Peabody award goes on and goes against the grain to call out the rampant bias at his publication that it's gone too far, and then he gets eliminated just like we saw with Ronna McDaniel, with NBC, just like we saw with James Bennett at the New York Times four years ago. This is a pattern. It is disturbing. It must stop, but it will not Trace, unfortunately.GALLAGHER: Yes. Joe Concha, Dee Sarton, thank you both. Coming up, the Los Angeles mayor finally has a solution to end the homelessness crisis. Have rich people buy them houses. Have rich people buy them houses. The "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" is going to have a field day with this one. And we, of course, are monitoring the protests live at Columbia University. They were told to leave. They're still there. Nobody's moving them. We'll check in again after the break. Live breaking news coverage, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, even more breaking news coming into FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. Reports of 9-1-1 outages in several states including Nevada. The Las Vegas Metro Police Department confirming just minutes ago that there is indeed a loss of 9-1-1 service in Nevada impacting the public's ability to contact first responders. No estimate for restoration at this time. There's also reports of outages in Nebraska and South Dakota, South Dakota, we don't know what the connection is, if there's any, but these are 9-1-1 outages in Nevada, in South Dakota, and Nebraska. We'll keep you up to speed on what's going on there.Meantime, if we can quickly check the live pictures, Columbia University, the protests still going on. The number of protesters is now dwindling a bit. It was hundreds and hundreds earlier. Now, it looks to be about 50 or 60, but they are still chanting. They were told to leave. They have not left. There they are.Meantime, not long after we learned California had no idea where billions of dollars spent on mitigating homelessness went, the Democratic mayor of Los Angeles is now asking the rich people to help pay to house the homeless. Matt Finn is back live with more on that. Matt.FINN: Trace, there were an estimated 75,000 homeless people here in L.A. County last year. And now, the city's mayor is asking the rich to help pitch in to house them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAREN BASS, LOS ANGELES MAYOR: We are asking the most fortunate Angelenos to participate in this effort, to help us acquire more properties, lower the cost of capital, and speed up housing.FINN (voice over): That's L.A. Mayor Karen Bass announcing the launch of the new LA4LA campaign, which urges the most fortunate to donate millions of dollars towards purchasing homeless housing, which would relieve the city of nightly rental costs. The mayor calls L.A.'s current homeless problem a disaster. And in her first city budget, she allocated more than a billion dollars towards homelessness. Bass is also touting the success of her Inside Safe Program, which she says moved more than 21,000 homeless into shelters. However, the number of homeless increased nine percent countywide and 10 percent citywide last year.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN (on camera): And a new audit released this month reveals that California has spent more than $20 billion on homelessness over the past five years, but the state has failed to monitor exactly where all that money ended up, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes, that's a good question. Matt Finn live for us. Matt, thank you. Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" is watching the mayor of Los Angeles abandon a major campaign promise. Two years ago, Karen Bass told voters if they put her in office, she would solve homelessness. Now, she's in office and she wants the voters to solve homelessness. Mostly the rich voters, mind you.The ones Mayor Bass calls the "most fortunate" Angelinos. So, she is asking the same people who pay 70 percent of the taxes to donate a bunch of money to help the city acquire more properties to house the homeless. Common sense would like to point out that homelessness in Los Angeles isn't just creeping up, it's dashing up, increasing 80 percent from 2015 to 2022. And that's likely an estimate because in case you did not hear, California is not really great at bookkeeping.In the past five years, the state spent $24 billion on homelessness only to see the problem get worse. And nobody knows where the 24 billion went. So, when the rich donate this money to acquire these properties in Los Angeles where a one bed, one bath house is a million five? What happens then? Who pays the taxes? The upkeep? Utilities? Is L.A. going to foot the bill? Or is this an annual pickpocket of the most fortunate? By the way, the new program is called LA4LA. Common sense thinks IOU for LOL might be a bit more appropriate.With that, let's bring in California Policy Center Attorney, Julie Hamill, and the Dean of Pepperdine University School of Public Policy Pete Peterson. Talk about public policy, Pete Peterson. I mean, hey we're going to have the rich take care of this, I'm going to get in office, and I'm going to have the rich just take care of this homeless problem. What is this?PETE PETERSON, DEAN OF PEPPERDINE UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF PUBLIC POLICY: Well, not only does it reveal that L.A. has some major problems, just last week, the city announced that they are half a billion dollars in debt. So, this is obviously an outreach showing that all the money that they've spent is not only overreach but it's underperformed. The second piece of this is this is what's known as a housing first approach to homelessness. And every city where that has been tried, if it's all about the carrots of providing housing without the sticks of enforcement and treatment around it, you're just putting people that in many cases are broken into houses and not really fixing the problem.GALLAGHER: That's exactly right. And we have heard that again and again. Meantime, speaking of a shortfall in California money, California has tens of billions of dollars of deficit. EdSource says the following school facility funds cut as part of agreement to reduce California's budget shortfall. The agreement signed April 4 cuts the state school facility aid program by $500 million, reducing the fund from $875 million to $375 million. Test scores at a 30-year low. Julie, who needs more money for the schools, for crying out loud?JULIE HAMILL, CALIFORNIA POLICY CENTER ATTORNEY: This really bothers me. This is something that I find personally offensive. Last week, you know, I sit on my local school board in Palos Verdes. I had to sign a declaration to the state explaining why we deprived our students of three days of instructional time because of a power failure on a campus. We have been begging our state for money for facilities.The way that school districts are funded in California is an allocation from the state. And what they're doing is they're pulling money out of wealthy communities like Palos Verdes, sending it to other areas, sending it, you know, $24 billion to homelessness that's increased by 32 percent. They're sending it to illegal immigrant health care, all of these things. Meanwhile, our students can't go to school because their buildings aren't functioning.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's crazy, but that's California. So, you think that's crazy? How about this? KCRA. A key California Senate committee on Tuesday moved forward with a proposal to make purchasing a child for sex a felony in the state. Currently, purchasing or soliciting a child for sex is a misdemeanor with a maximum penalty of up to a year in jail or a minimum of two days in jail along with a $10,000 fine. I thought it was the onion. I really did, Pete. This is crazy. It can't be. It's true.PETERSON: Well, and your viewers probably will remember that it was just last year when State Senator Shannon Grove, a Republican from the Central Valley, had to force the Democrats to change their policy to make sex trafficking a major felony, counting as a third strike. It took weeks of pushing Democrats in the legislature to do that. Now, we're back again with this other policy that most Californians would say, how come this isn't a felony already? But it really is taking, again, Shannon Grove, from the Central Valley, to force California Democrats like Senator Scott Weiner and others really to do the common sense thing here.GALLAGHER: Very quickly, Julie, I mean, if Gavin Newsom, if he said in a debate, you can buy a child for sex in California and spend two days in jail.HAMILL: Right, and disgustingly, out of this committee, they imposed two amendments where they took sixteen and seventeen-year-old out. So, those no longer count as minors. And now, on your first offense you don't have to be deemed a sex offender, so thank you. That's not even good enough for Scott Weiner -- he still voted no.GALLAGHER: It's insanity. Julie, Pete, thank you. Coming up, call me, beep me, if you want to reach me or send a text or slide into someone's DMs. So many ways to reach out to people these days, but we want to know what you your favorite. Is there one you avoided all costs and is there one you love? Let us know at X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP" next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Julie Hamill, Joe Concha, and Lydia Moynihan. Tonight's topic, communication is key. A vital question that could make or break a relationship. Gaining steam, what is your preferred way to chat? Would you text? Would you call? What is it going to be, Lydia Moynihan?MOYNIHAN: If it's work, text me and then I can decide if it merits a call. If it's a friend or a family member, I always love a call. I think that's always a welcome surprise because people text so much in this day and age that it's nice to hear somebody's voice.GALLAGHER: Julie!HAMILL: Text me. If you call me, I'm going to think something's wrong.GALLAGHER: Oh, yes. Matt Finn.FINN: If it's important, call. Otherwise, I text all day.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: I think I'm old school, I'd rather, I'd rather talk on the phone every time.GALLAGHER: You know, I'll tell you, I'm with Ashley -- I'm a talker. Just call me. Call me. Call me! Like Blondie used to say, right Kevin?CORKE: I remember very well. I've seen some of your mob movies.MOYNIHAN: Careful, you're going to have a lot of calls.CORKE: Little good fellas. So, I'm going to say call me.GALLAGHER: Yes. Joe Concha.CONCHA: Who's Blondie? I'm not sure -- look, I'm anti-text guys. All right. I'm with Ashley. Texts always have a negative connotation. Conversations always take too long. Pick up the phone and talk to someone. Enough already.GALLAGHER: So, the poll is, do you prefer communicating text or call? Text, 61 percent. Instagram, text, 69 percent.Laura Bradish-Winn, "Text, get to the point so I know it's important."John Howerton, "Phone call. Way more personal."John Clough, "I'm old-fashioned, I prefer to speak to somebody," you and me John.P.I.B., "Phone calls never bring good news. Text me only."Dr. Dan Krolikowski, "Calling. Texting leaves out the voice inflection, I'm a sarcastic person, doesn't always come through well in print."Mark, "Texting. I can communicate with several people at once while still accomplishing other tasks." Sorry, text, text.See you all tomorrow night. Thank you for watching America's Late News.