BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Sullivan on the Republican side, what they're working on. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us in your home tonight from Washington. That's it for Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Disturbing video of a 68-year-old woman attacked on the steps of her church on the way to mass. Yes, that's America tonight. Well, her nephew will join us with an update.Plus, Senator Marco Rubio is here on Biden's smear and fear campaign, but first kicking Sonia to the curb. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, there were some nuggets that got lost last week in the new Gallup poll that are key to the 2024 campaign. In the presidential character and abilities categories, Biden is losing ground big time. Check this out. He's down 13 points on the question of whether he can manage the government effectively, can't find his way off the stage. Of course he can't manage the government. He's down nine on likability. Wow. And he's down, down nine on whether he displays good judgment in a crisis, shocking. And he lost eight points on the, is he a strong and decisive leader question.Now on these same questions, Trump is up a point or flat from 2020. And this poll isn't the only warning sign for Biden, the Trump trials have not moved the needle for Biden at all. The border story keeps getting worse and inflation remains, as Jamie Dimon said yesterday, sticky. That means it's bad. Voters just are not happy.Plus, even in blue states like Nevada. Democrat incumbents may be in trouble. And while the official reaction from the Democrats is kind of cool as a cucumber, oh, the stories say, oh, we're confident and focused. There seems to be some contingency planning underway. The party that prides itself for being pro-women, and of course, they're all champions of diversity is giving the first Latina on the Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, the bum's rush. As usual ideas are advanced by liberal senators, and then by press surrogates.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MEHDI HASAN, FORMER MSNBC ANCHOR: Republicans are very good at stacking courts, Democrats aren't very good at seeing the power of the Supreme Court. And that's why I worry, I worry that why would you want to repeat history? Why take the risk? You have a Democratic president and a Democratic Senate, and you have a justice who's about to turn 70. It shouldn't be a personal choice. What are people doing in their 80s on the Supreme Court?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, perhaps the obvious point I love a Brit lecturing us on our court. The obvious point eludes him. She's 12 years younger than Biden, dude, and the Constitution gives them life tenure. Again, read it.Plus, it was their side that has literally floated the idea of court packing, is that different from stacking? Meaning an attempt to dilute the power of any Republican appointees by expanding the number of justices or judges,(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pass the Judiciary Act to expand the Supreme Court and bring balance and fairness back to the Supreme Court. We have a moral duty to act, there is no more time to waste. Supreme Court justices may serve lifetime appointments, but we cannot wait a lifetime to write injustices.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator Snake Eyes from my home state of Connecticut tried the opaque approach to influencing the justice.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. RICHARD BLUMENTHAL (D-CT): You know, we should learn a lesson. You know, it's not like there's any mystery here about what the lesson should be. The old saying, you know, graveyards are full of indispensable people, ourselves in this body included.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, Richard, or is it, Dick? Why don't you go first? And this isn't the first time that the Left pressured a senior justice to step aside. The New York Times wrote about Justice Stephen Breyer's retirement two years ago saying, Justice Breyer retired a little reluctantly, under pressure from liberals who wanted to make sure that President Biden could appoint his successor, and that the conservative super majority on the court currently at 63 would not get any more lopsided.Again. What this tells us is that even their first and their vaunted brilliant justices are fair game, if there is any hint that their presence on the scene is becoming inconvenient. This is how ruthless the Left is. And it's so consumed, of course, by holding on to power by any means necessary. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Jonathan Turley, Washington -- George Washington University Law Professor and Fox News Contributor. Jonathan, we're going to get to this Trump push for that Judge Merchan's recusal and that travesty of that hush money case in a moment. But regarding this rather crass pressure campaign on Justice Sotomayor, let's not forget how they assured everyone how great she was when she was nominated. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND (D-NY): The breadth and depth of Judge Sotomayor's experience makes her uniquely qualified for the Supreme Court. Her keen understanding of case law, and the importance of precedent.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Judge Sotomayor is immensely qualified.SEN. AMY KLOBUCHAR (D-MN): We know she's incredibly well-qualified. She's got more federal judicial experience than any nominee for the past 100 years.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Jonathan, it's only 12 years ago, they suddenly want to get rid of --JONATHAN TURLEY, GWU LAW PROFESSOR: No, it's an amazing transformation from the gold standard to junk bond status, because that's what they're treating her as that. This was in just 2009, she was celebrated as the wise Latina. Now they're treating justices like they're entirely fungible that they're all just lever throwing liberals on the court. And obviously, they're more than that. I mean, what's amazing about these commentators is they give no consideration at all, that individual justices may have something to bring to the court that maybe their legacy is more than just casting votes.They've reduced them all to just votes and getting a reliable liberal, that's younger. And this trend has been going on for a while until you're going to have calls for the first fetal justice, if we keep on along this line. It just, you can't just make age the sole criteria with ideology for the court.INGRAHAM: But Jonathan, this is coming at a time when poor Joe Biden has the visiting angels with him. going on and off the stage. And yet, Sotomayor who's completely with it, I mean, maybe she's bored and I have no idea what she wants. There's reports that she's kind of disillusioned, but that's kind of convenient. But they're pushing this as Biden is the one who obviously, even these polls are showing, people have eroding trust and his basic judgment on basic issues.TURLEY: What also shows how the cord has long been this island in which we -- it was able to exist outside of the rage and division of our politics. When we saw those billboards going through Washington, DC, telling Breyer to resign, and his legacy is at stake. It was really a breathtaking moment for many of us. I teach a Supreme Court class. And I love the fact that my students are from every end of the spectrum.But they all have a really undying respect for the Supreme Court. But they're not seeing that in many professors, even deans who are calling the justices hacks and calling for the replacement with younger models of -- it just -- you just need a 2024 model that's going to last a bit longer on the road.INGRAHAM: Well, it's clear that to them, they're just another activist at an NGO or at, one of their pet, you know, nonprofits and that's all they are, and a super legislature, whatever they want to regard the court as, but so much for the vaunted return to normalcy of Joe Biden. I mean, they're just ready to upend every institution.TURLEY: Right. And you've got to remember that Ginsburg was 87 with serious health problems. Sotomayor is fine. Obviously, she's great mentally, and she's fine physically. Oliver Wendell Holmes was on the court till he was 90.INGRAHAM: How about Marshall? Justice Marshall.TURLEY: Yes, and I can only imagine what Sotomayor is thinking she's like, gee, I just didn't think --INGRAHAM: She's 69. I think it's ages on Jonathan. I mean, my goodness, I think -- I don't think these people actually understand how they sound. And the arguments they're making, given what's happening on their side of the political aisle. It's just absurd. But I never thought I'd stick up for Justice Sotomayor, but I'm sticking up for it, because I don't think it's fair. Jonathan, thank you. Good to see you.All right, the FBI arresting an eight-year-old (sic) [18-year-old] from Idaho this weekend, and what they're describing as a truly horrific and violent plot to attack churches on behalf of ISIS. Joining me now, with all the details, Fox News Senior National Correspondent, Kevin Corke, Kevin, what can you tell us?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Incredible story, frankly, Laura, we're talking about an 18-year-old by the name of Alexander Scott Mercurio, he's facing 20 years in prison for allegedly pledging allegiance to ISIS and intend to commit acts of terror on the group's behalf by attacking people at Coeur d'Alene, Idaho churches.Now this arrest follows a multi-year investigation by the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force or JTTF. Mercurio was actually arrested on Saturday just a day before he allegedly planned to attack a local church.Now, according to court documents, those plans included attacking his father, stealing his guns and then carrying out a suicide attack on churches in Coeur d'Alene. The Feds also alleged that his plans involve using a flame sword, explosives, knives, a machete, a pipe, and ultimately firearms.Now the Feds say, they began looking into the 18-year-old after he allegedly reached out to courses online and then indicated his support for ISIS and other terror organizations. Now, a couple of interesting facts here. He is 18-years-old and previously, he admitted to having drank of the, quote, Kool Aid of white supremacy before finding more purpose with ISIS.And it, frankly, looks this way. If you look at the court documents, it's plausible that they may have sort of gamed him into this sort of environment where it went from talk to going from a confidential source into ultimately real-life behavior, and now he could face 20 years behind bars because of it.INGRAHAM: Wow. We are going to continue to follow that. I want to follow up the police angle, the FBI angle.CORKE: Indeed.INGRAHAM: On that too. Kevin, thank you. All right, the pandering that continues. Biden runs to Univision, as Hispanics are running for the exits. All right, Senator Marco Rubio reacts, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Well, Biden's staff works overtime to keep him away from actual press interviews. Well, things can get embarrassing fast as we've seen, but his approval numbers among Hispanic voters have sunk so low so fast, that they actually risked a sit-down Univision interview in an effort to stop the bleed with a voting bloc, he can't afford to lose. But rather than try to convince his audience that his policies are working, he just trash talk Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Think of the things he says. Look at the way he talks about minority populations and Hispanics and talking about them being, anyway, it's just -- it's -- I can't think of any other time in my lifetime and history has occurred, that you've had somebody who's had this kind of attitude,(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Smear and fear. It's all they have. Biden's advantage over Trump among all Latinos is slipping from 29 points after his first year in office to just nine points today. Of course, inflation and crime are top of mind. Oh, and Biden's lead shrinks even further to only three points among Latinos who said they actually plan to vote in November.Joining me now is Florida Senator Marco Rubio. Senator, now we don't have - - which I always bemoan the fact that we don't have a Hispanic Rush Limbaugh. And I think George Soros investment company bought up a lot of Spanish talk radio stations. So, what can Trump do now? What should he do to capitalize on what is a trend?SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Well, first of all, he's already done it. First of all, interview that segments a lie. Trump doesn't talk bad about minorities or Hispanics, he talks about criminals, they may happen to be minorities, but they're criminals. He calls them with people in Hispanic community call a member of a gang that came here from Venezuela, these guys are gang members, and they're criminals, not because they're Venezuelan, because they're criminals.Every society has criminals, if they're in the country illegally, it's insulting to the country. And that's what he points out. So, I think that - - a couple things I would say. The first is, and I think this is being underestimated. The number of Hispanics that watch this program and this network and get their news from other sources is more than from Univision, growing number of Hispanics do. I mean, and that continues to be the case.INGRAHAM: We should do Hispanic language ads, though, correct?RUBIO: Well, so there is a segment to the audience that get some of their entertainment in Spanish. Look, and --INGRAHAM: Spanish speaking ads would be great though.RUBIO: Yes, so, people like these soap operas, for example, on Univision --INGRAHAM: Oh, yes.RUBIO: -- that are actually made in Turkey --INGRAHAM: Don't knock the soap operas.RUBIO: -- they're made in Turkey --INGRAHAM: Oh, you're ruining it for me.RUBIO: -- some of them are made in Brazil, but --INGRAHAM: Telenovelas.RUBIO: -- they're well done, so those ads are run in Spanish. And I think the message is, look, what's happening in this country is the following. You see a great sorting out that's happening where working Americans, working class Americans that have working class values, that live life by common sense, whose minds have not been polluted and poisoned by some crazy professor and some Left-wing expensive university are gravitating away the Democratic Party. They can't cohabitate with this party, and they're becoming part of the Republican Party and Trump speaks to them.And their primary identity is not Hispanic, they may very well be proud to be Hispanic, they live Hispanic lifestyle, they listen to music, they eat the food, they follow the traditions and the culture, but they are working class Americans, and they are voting increasingly indistinguishable from all working-class Americans.People that are tired of seeing their jobs being sent to China are tired of our country being flooded from people all over the world, including many, many criminals and potentially terrorists as well. And I think Trump needs to continue to appeal to them has done so very successfully and that's why that number is collapsing for Biden,INGRAHAM: You mentioned something before we came on about the crisis among boys --RUBIO: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- in the United States, and this push to redefine masculinity or feminized masculinity, which I've had a chance to talk to some of my Hispanic friends in Texas. They recoil at that. They find that to be insulting, and in a horrific trend for young men. Do you think that might be some of this?RUBIO: That's embedded in the whole working-class values. And it's this demonization of every attribute that is a male attribute from the time to little boys is demonized. I mean little -- if you look at what's described as a good student is someone who's quiet, is someone who listens to instruction all the time. That's not boys. I mean, boys are rambunctious, they're loud, they move around. It is a natural thing. It can't be destructive. But it's a natural thing.And all of those things are under attack in mass media and education and across society. And I do think people resent that. And again, if you're working-class family, whether you're Hispanic or your parents came from Sweden, whatever you may be --INGRAHAM: You can't make it today. You can put money away.RUBIO: -- you're struggling, but your values --INGRAHAM: Yes.RUBIO: -- the values you've built your entire life around are constantly under attack by Democrats, by the Left, by these radicals.INGRAHAM: You've been terrific on the issue of China, a lot of you have looked -- a lot of people have looked up to you to leadership on this issue. What is the latest on this TikTok forcing China to separate its ownership from TikTok in the Senate now that the House bill passed --RUBIO: Well, the latest is they've hired a lot of people that used to work in the Senate as lobbyists. They've hired everyone --INGRAHAM: Big money, Marco.RUBIO: -- you can imagine. Big money. And there's all the moneys on that side of the argument. But it's a very simple thing. OK. TikTok's algorithm, which controls the entire app is built by this algorithm. Now, it doesn't belong to a Chinese company. It belongs to a company that has to do whatever the Chinese Communist Party tells them to do. So, for example, in the time of crisis, if China decides we're going to invade Taiwan, we're going to go to war with America, they will weaponize that against us.And ByteDance that owns it, can't say anything about it. That is what we're aiming at. We have to divest ByteDance from Tik Tok --INGRAHAM: What do you think it's going to happen in the Senate?RUBIO: I hope we can get it passed. I think if you put up to a vote, it would pass. But the real impediment here is procedural, because it has to go through the Commerce Committee, the Chairwoman of the Commerce Committee, Maria Cantwell has expressed skepticism about the bill --INGRAHAM: Can't do, can't, will.RUBIO: -- well, I hope she'll change her mind on it. I know a lot of people out there working to try to kill it. And they're advertising like I mean, they --INGRAHAM: Yes.RUBIO: -- I don't think --INGRAHAM: Yes.RUBIO: -- they influential ads. But nonetheless, it's an uphill climb, but it's something that needs to happen --INGRAHAM: TikTok is just about veterans and dogs. And that's all it is, Senator, nothing else is in it. Well, we're going to keep following this and thank you for what you're saying about young man. I think that's something we have --RUBIO: Absolutely.INGRAHAM: -- to stick to in our culture. Thank you. All right, how far do the liberal media need to go to carry water for Biden, NPR just got called out by a longtime employee, and the details are absolutely devastating. And that's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Largely to deaf ears, conservatives for years have railed against the Left-wing bias at NPR and urged Congress to cut the funding. The Heritage Foundation put it well, saying across the board, government must stop funding services set up with taxpayer money ostensibly to serve all Americans, but which cater only to one side. At this point, NPR doesn't even try to show good faith. It expects conservative leaders to lack the backbone to take away the government. And sadly, this assumption is usually correct. The NPR therefore just feels free to act brazenly as the imperial tribune of the permanent bureaucracy amplifying the woke mindset of the bicoastal elites.Well, now it's so bad that they're even getting hammered by one of their own. One of the most senior editors at NPR, Uri Berliner blew the whistle on how the quasi-government ended entity manipulates its coverage from its treatment of the COVID lab leak theory to its efforts to damage Trump's presidency. He writes an open-minded spirit no longer exists within NPR that wouldn't be a problem for an openly polemical news outlet serving a niche audience.But for NPR, which purports to consider all things, it's devastating both for its journalism and its business model. Berliner admits that NPR has always been liberal, we know, but says that things went really wild when Trump entered politics in 2015. The rise of advocacy took off with Donald Trump. Schiff who was at the top Democrat at the House Intel Committee became NPR's guiding hand it's ever-present Muse. By my count, NPR hosts interviewed Schiff 25 times about Trump and Russia. But when the Mueller report found no credible evidence of collusion, NPR's coverage was notably sparse. Russiagate quietly faded from our programming.Joining me now Juan Williams, Fox News Senior Political Analyst spent 10 years as a news analyst and correspondent for NPR. Also, with me Jason Chaffetz, former Utah Congressman and Fox News Contributor. Juan, you've got your own tastes which you know, you talked about on this network of NPR's brand of tolerance.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Right.INGRAHAM: In 2010 when they fired you and then they admitted it was poorly handled, I love that. Does this -- this editor I know you know him. Does this surprise you?WILLIAMS: Well, look, not only they fired me, they call me a psycho. I mean, they said horrible things about me quite publicly. So, no, it doesn't surprise me what he had to say. In fact, I think and this of course, was before Trump, Laura. So, they are a very much an insulated cadre of people who think they're right and they have a hard time with people who are different. So, from -- even for me and I don't think I'm any wild-eyed conservative, but they thought I was too conservative, a black guy for their kind of company.And, you know, so I said something, you know, way back about, you know, gee, after 9-11, I got nervous in the airport with people dressed in Muslim garb. And I went on to defend the right of Muslims to have a, you know, to build property near ground zero. And yet, they threw me out the door.So, this doesn't surprise me at all. I think what you're seeing now, especially after Trump, is that we live in a very polarized media landscape, and they have established a beachhead on the far-left. And that you've seen this in terms of the audience.Uri Berliner mentions in his piece that now the audience is disproportionately liberal, more heavily than ever, and you see fewer conservatives tuning in.INGRAHAM: Well, NPR plays this shell game, Jason, with how they describe their funding. They say it's -- they only get one percent from the federal government. When you really dissect it, and the Hill did a great job doing this, and it's been done many years, but it's misleading because they get a lot of government contracts, and it ends up being federal funds flowing indirectly to NPR.They got about $90 million in revenue from contracts and customers, and $279 million, and much more than one percent when you really go through it. So, why hasn't the Republican Party moved to stop the madness here?JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Between NPR and PBS, we're $34 trillion in debt. We're paying more money and interest than we do on our national defense.INGRAHAM: But we're the Republicans. I've been listening to NPR for 25 years, and I enjoy it. I really do. The basket weaving and, you know, Botswana segments, I love those. And I've enjoyed them.But it's ridiculous. I mean, just, it's not national public radio. It's liberal public radio. Always has been.CHAFFETZ: No, there's never a balance. Look, I was the chairman of the oversight committee. We were doing serious investigations. A handful of times did I maybe get an invite. But Adam Schiff, like he pointed out, 25 times on Trump and Russia-gate, but no balance. No even attempt to hide it.INGRAHAM: But it was all things considered, Juan. But it really wasn't all things. I mean, you were, frankly, the reason I used to listen to NPR. Now that's Ingraham saying that about Juan Williams. But you know what I'm saying? Because you offered kind of a different perspective, and it sounded and seemed sane to a lot of people who were listening.So, again, Berliner did his own digging a couple of years ago when he thought there could be a lack of diversity in the newsroom. He found that in D.C., where NPR is headquartered, 87 registered Democrats were working in editorial positions and zero Republicans, as in none.So, on May 3rd, 2021, I presented the findings at an all-hands editorial staff meeting when I suggested that we had a diversity problem. The response wasn't hostile. It was worse. It was met with profound indifference, Juan.WILLIAMS: Well, I mean, at least they didn't fire him. I mean, the problem is they treat you as if you are a pariah. You're just like weird, you know, like what kind of black guy are you? And I mean, it's to me, you know, the thing is, I share your sentiment that some of their segments are fine. I like a lot of the journalism there.But when you start digging underneath, you say there's no acceptance of people who have divergent points of view and perspective.INGRAHAM: Well, it's like half the country isn't even there. So, it's not national.WILLIAMS: You know, the debate, I think what we do is debate. And you say, oh, yeah, you're wrong, Juan. I say, come on, Laura. But you know what? I think that's good journalism.INGRAHAM: It's more fun to listen to in the end, too. And it's national, because the nation is, as it usually is, divided on a lot of these big issues.CHAFFETZ: I always love it when the people that preach the most diversity and inclusion and equity, they're the least tolerant of having a divergent view and actually having a real debate. I don't want to pay for it anymore.It's time for Republicans, like you said, grow a backbone and say, you want to do that on your own private dime and, you know, go sell it, go do it. But why should we, as taxpayers, continue to do it? It doesn't make sense.INGRAHAM: My old radio producer, Lee Habib, does this thing called Our American Stories. And it's an hour every Sunday. It's syndicated all across the country. And they're just stories about America. And it's beautifully done. And it's Thomas Edison or Jackie Robinson. But it's actually classic American storytelling.That's what NPR is really good at. That's what 60 Minutes is really good at. That's what America, I think, is craving. You got enough of the other stuff. Juan, will you come back? I want you to come back anytime. Happy birthday. It's his birthday tomorrow.CHAFFETZ: Your birthday? Happy birthday.WILLIAMS: Thank you, guys.CHAFFETZ: Happy birthday.INGRAHAM: I said he's the snappiest dresser tonight. All right, Juan and Jason, thank you so much. It's a new low, though, in America today. A 68- year-old woman attacked outside of a church. Yes, church. Her nephew joins us with an update.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: What's happening in America? Even Sunday mass isn't safe. Another despicable and depraved attack caught on camera. A 68-year-old woman walking up the steps to her church in New York City this weekend, 8:15 in the morning, when a thug, dressed all in black, ran up ahead of her and then threw her down the stairs. The woman hit her head, fracturing her skull.Now, as she lay motionless, nearly motionless, on the ground, this demon rifled through her bag and her pocket, stealing her phone, her purse, with $300 inside.Now, this behavior is classic of the psychotic junkies and soulless freaks terrorizing Americans coast to coast, but especially in places like New York, and often they hit the most vulnerable. But it didn't end there.Joining me now is Daniel Coffaro-Hill, who's the nephew of the woman attacked. Daniel, first, a skull fracture, especially in your late 60's. This is serious. How is your aunt doing?DANIEL COFFARO-HILL, NEPHEW OF ASSAULT VICTIM: She's making a recovery. We just visited her in the hospital. She's able to speak to us a little bit. She still cannot put on full sentences or anything like that. She suffered a skull fracture, and it's just -- it's been -- the whole family has came from out of state to see her. It's just -- she's been recovering in the hospital. They think it's going to be a long recovery period.INGRAHAM: What happened after the suspect attempted to, or did flee the scene?COFFARO-HILL: So, my aunt was strong enough that she actually did get back up, and she attempted to walk towards her car. When she got to the car, it seems like the suspect was up the block watching her. And as soon as -- obviously, she stepped away from the car when she realized she didn't have her purse and her keys.He then stole the car. And she had walked home where her daughter called 911. She was taken in an ambulance to the hospital.INGRAHAM: With a skull fracture, she managed to walk home.COFFARO-HILL: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Do we have a description of this suspect? Can't really tell in this video, or any leads, Daniel.COFFARO-HILL: Apparently, the NYPD did pull a fingerprint off of the vehicle today. The detectives just visited us. They have a good idea of who it might be, they say, but they didn't give us any further.INGRAHAM: Was she on her way to mass?COFFARO-HILL: Yes. She goes to mass every Sunday.INGRAHAM: I mean, I keep saying what's happening to America at this point. But the most vulnerable are the most frequently attacked, whether it's young people who are depressed or disillusioned, or the elderly, or even those who are disabled, even people in wheelchairs. This is what's happened to our country.Daniel, thank you for joining us, and we pray for her swift recovery, for your aunt's swift recovery, and for your entire family. Thank you for sharing the story.COFFARO-HILL: Thank you. It's just so bizarre --INGRAHAM: All right. Well, over the years, the media, the liberals, complained that middle America was filled with a bunch of misogynistic, chauvinistic men who they'd never give women's sports their due. Well, as usual, they were wrong.On Sunday, the women's NCAA final between Iowa and South Carolina became one of the most watched sporting events of the century, according to ESPN, with 18.7 million viewers. I was one of them. But in the name of equity and inclusion, the left, they want to take it all away.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: If you consider yourself a woman, and you want to play sports, or vice versa, you should be able to play.UNKNOWN: Do you think transgender women should be able to participate in women's college basketball?UNKNOWN: I mean, you want to ask, so I'll give you that, yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Dan Dakich, host of, Don't @ Me, on OutKick, also the former head coach for men's basketball at Bowling Green University in Indiana. Also with me, Kim Russell, former head coach for women's lacrosse at Oberlin. She's also an ambassador for the Independent Women's Forum.Kim, I want to start with you. If that coach had her way, do you think you'd have 18.7 million people watching the women's basketball final?KIM RUSSELL, FORMER OBERLIN WOMEN'S LACROSSE COACH: No, I don't. I do think that she took some time at the beginning and really waited to make that statement. And I truly believe, because of some things she said after they won, that perhaps that isn't how she feels in her heart.INGRAHAM: OK. Well, she said it, so unless she corrects what she said, I think that's kind of weird, right? It's almost like a hostage tape, Dan. I mean, I keep watching this going, finally women have this incredible following for what was an amazing season in basketball.And men watching it, women, young people, whole new -- and now they're doing, oh no, no, let's have men play. This is insane.DAN DAKICH, HOST, DON'T @ ME ON OUTKICK: It's totally insane. And that opportunity, to clarify this, that was not after a game when that question was asked, that was on the day off. And Dawn Staley, the coach, Laura, was talking about women's sports and how great it is. And then she could not defend women. This drives me crazy.And I'll tell you why. Why do all the transitioning people participate against women? Man transitioning to woman, plays against women. Woman transitioning to men, plays against women. And it drives me nuts.It's the frauds that say inclusion. They never talk about this. You can play, Laura, but why doesn't everybody go play against the men? You know why?INGRAHAM: Because they're not that good.DAKICH: Because they can't dominate.INGRAHAM: Yeah, they're not good. They like to dominate women.DAKICH: Right. That's right. That's what exactly what this is. And when Dawn Staley, the biggest voice, the most respected voices among them, can't defend women on the biggest stage, you said it earlier on different segments, what the -- I'm going to add something.What the hell is going on here in America? It's crazy that this is happening where you can't simply say, hey, look, we want you included. Go play with the men, period.INGRAHAM: Well --DAKICH: Or like the NAIA did, they said, you're not playing unless you're a female, which is cool with me, too.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, I like the fact -- they oversee the athletics at mostly small colleges and they said enough of it. Basically, biological men cannot compete against female athletes. And they said its decision is rooted in fair and safe competition.And Kim, I would add on this -- to this that Dawn Staley was one of the great, great female basketball players. She's a great athlete, period, right? Now, she didn't have to compete, right, ever, right? So, she didn't have to --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: She didn't have to compete against biological men. Had she competed against biological men who were star high school basketball players as men, but wouldn't make, you know, they wouldn't make Division One basketball. Would she have been one of the best women on her team? I don't know.But you know what I'm saying? Like, it's easy to say this now, but she didn't have to compete against biological men.RUSSELL: Absolutely. And I think, you know, when you look at the two games, I mean, Dan, you know this, you coached men's. We all just watched amazing men's and women's games, at least I did, and so did most of America. The women's game is much different than the men's game.INGRAHAM: Right.RUSSELL: And we need to keep women's sports female only. And all of these people who are saying that we are excluding anyone, no one is being included. In fact, in most instances, the men's game is the open category. So, there is always a space for everyone. No one is being excluded ever.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, you know, it's supposed to be based on talent, athletic talent for your biological sex, OK? So, otherwise, get met, you know, boys' basketball players from high school, top ones, they'll dominate. I mean, I'm sorry, but that's just the way it is. And I say this as a former, you know, athlete myself.Now we sent one of our producers out in New York to see what people think about biological men playing with women. And this is what they said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I think it's unfair that a girl who practices her entire life to come top of her career then has to be outdone by somebody who's transgender.UNKNOWN: Do you think it could be like a safety issue?UNKNOWN: It definitely could be a safety issue when you're literally taking physical strength. There are different avenues where people belong.UNKNOWN: If you had a daughter, would you let her play against a trans?UNKNOWN: No, because -- well, yeah, I'd let her play, but I wouldn't agree with the fact that they were playing because they're built differently.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, Dan, does that surprise you? I wouldn't let my daughter compete against a male athlete. I would just say, you know, sorry, that's just not what we're doing. But, you know, I know everyone, you know, they work their whole life to compete. But I think women just have to say no, and say we will not submit to this. We will not submit to this.DAKICH: That's my point, Laura. Why aren't more women standing up? According to Don Staley, here's what could happen. And don't think this is out of the realm 10 years from now. A guy plays on Tuesday for Indiana men's basketball against Purdue. And then he says, well, you know, I kind of feel like a woman. So, they play against Purdue women on Thursday.Now, according to Don Staley, that could possibly happen. And I'm telling you, 10 years ago, we would not have thought to have this conversation, would we, about women -- or men playing women? So, don't tell me, you know, in a world that's trying to get rid of all rules, it could happen in, you know, two years, five years, 10 years. I don't know.But I'm not going to be shocked if something like that does. That's what Don Staley was promoting right there, essentially. I just don't understand why famous women in sports don't stand up and become -- hey, look, this isn't -- I don't get it.INGRAHAM: I'll tell you why, because they see what's happened to J.K. Rowling's. She would be fired.DAKICH: Right.INGRAHAM: And they say, you know, Kim, look at what they did to you. So that's why they're not doing it.All right, Dan and Kim, we got to roll? Sheila Jackson Lee does her best Kamala Harris, and America's former worst mayor hired to investigate the current worst mayor. Yeah. Failla, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now it's time for WTF or What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla. Oh, you're looking all preppy tonight. You know, no clown outfit or, you know, strip club outfit. Look at that.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: No, I've abandoned my overweight figure skater collection for one night only. In your honor.INGRAHAM: Very, very nice. All right, Jimmy, Congressman Sheila Jackson Lee held an event like everyone and their dog for the solar eclipse, yesterday. So, this is at a Houston high school. She gave her best Kamala impression. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Sometimes you need to take the opportunity just to come out and see a full moon. Is that complete rounded circle, which is made up mostly of gases. How could we, as humans, live on the moon? Are the gases such that we could do that? The sun is a mighty powerful heat that is almost impossible to go near the sun. The moon is more manageable.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: I'm glad you cut her off before she said it was onion rings around Saturn. OK. She is such a dope. The sad part of this is like government officials like Sheila Jackson Lee make me think we were incapable of going to the moon. Now, the truth is we did. And obviously, I'm proud of that achievement.But when you watch somebody like her speak, OK, it really does kind of break your heart that we don't have better than this in Washington.INGRAHAM: It's a fiery ball. The sun is a fiery ball and it's round and it's orange and it's circular.FAILLA: She also called it a planet. She's, like, it's a planet. She thinks Pluto is a dog that hangs out with Mickey Mouse. I can't.INGRAHAM: Well, by the way, she struggled as well. I think we have video of this. She struggled as well to put her glasses on.FAILLA: No.INGRAHAM: Because that's kind of tricky. That's so -- she's doing an impression of Kamala and Biden. That's pretty good.FAILLA: Proud moment.INGRAHAM: Further, you know, proving that the Democrats, Jimmy, don't know anything about science. Here's the ladies from The View. And I know that you were supposed to be on yesterday, but this is what they said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We've got a solar eclipse. We've got --(CROSSTALK)UNKNOWN: Also, I learned, that the cicadas are coming.UNKNOWN: Cicadas.UNKNOWN: Cicadas.UNKNOWN: All those things together would maybe lead one to believe that, you know, either climate change exists --UNKNOWN: That's more something is --UNKNOWN: Returning.UNKNOWN: I'm not at the mercy of climate change. It's on the ground.UNKNOWN: The eclipse. They've known about the eclipse coming because eclipses happen.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: When Whoopi is the voice of reason, you know you're in trouble. But that, by the way, Sunny, I believe is a lawyer.FAILLA: Yeah. How about that?INGRAHAM: Good for her.FAILLA: I mean, Whoopi Goldberg, the woman who once nominated Jill Biden for surgeon general on live television is now the voice of reason on the show. But you got to get Sunny -- I know. But you got to get Sunny some slack here, because the eclipse is a big deal. It's the 10 million-thing to come in through our country, through Mexico, under Biden.So, there's a little bit of a milestone aspect to this. But when you realize this show is just an insane asylum with hair and makeup, it makes more sense.INGRAHAM: Yeah, it's kind of like the conversation at the nail salon. You hear, it's fine. But it's like, don't look for any great wisdom out of this.All right, Jimmy, the current worst mayor in America, Tiffany Henyard, is now going to deal with someone who held the title before her. Chicago's Lori Lightfoot. Dalton, Illinois, is hiring her to investigate Henyard's misconduct at 400 bucks an hour. Now, here's how Henyard reacted. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You all should be ashamed of -- you all black. You all are black. And you all sitting up here beating and attacking on a black woman that's in power.UNKNOWN: You're out of order. You're out of order.UNKNOWN: They didn't come here to handle the business. They came here to do a political theater stunt.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that might be old video, but, you know, you get the point, Jimmy. Money well spent, Lori. And --FAILLA: Yeah, that's what I'm so fascinated by. They're investigating a waste of taxpayer dollars by wasting taxpayer dollars. You know, I mean, hiring Lori Lightfoot to investigate corruption is like hiring OJ to save your marriage. I don't know that you're going down the right street here, Laura.INGRAHAM: Well, maybe Jesse Smollett can come in and do the clean-up. Jimmy, great to see you. Huntsville, Alabama, tomorrow. Catch Jimmy live. And Jesse Watters is next. Go to my Facebook page and Insta. Cool stuff up there. You don't want to miss it. See you tomorrow.