NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good night.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Two 2024 presidential candidates touching down in New York for two very different reasons. Former President Trump attending the wake of a slain NYPD officer Jonathan Diller, the 31-year-old was killed in the line of duty by a career criminal who has been arrested more than 20 times. Diller leaves behind a wife and a 1-year-old son.President Trump spending time with his wife today and says this tragedy should never have happened.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Such a sad, sad event, such a horrible thing. And it's happening all too often. And we're just not going to let it happen. We just can't 21 times arrested, this thug. And the person in the car with him was arrested many times. And they don't learn because they don't respect. They don't -- they're not given the respect that police are the greatest people we have, there's nothing and there's nobody like them. And this should never happen. We have to stop it. We have to stop it. We have to get back to law and order. We have to do a lot of things differently because this is not working.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: President Biden is also in New York, he did not attend the wake. He's in town for a big fundraiser tonight, he spent the afternoon taping a podcast with some celebrities and also Obama and Clinton.Liberal soft-on-crime policies have been under the microscope, the two men in the car during that fatal traffic stop had 35 charges between them. But the White House is shifting the blame saying this yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: President Biden is deeply grateful for the sacrifices police officers make to keep our community safe. This shooting is yet another painful reminder of the toll of gun violence, that what it's -- what it's doing to inflict on families, in our communities, in our nation. And that's why the president sign more than two dozen executive actions. That's why we're able to pass a bipartisan agreement to deal with the gun violence that we're seeing in this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And today, Karine Jean-Pierre is pointing fingers at Republicans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: Surged under the previous administration, which repeatedly attempted to cut the COPS program, all of their budgets targeted that they -- that key funding for the police and congressional Republicans just proposed doing it again.So, this is a president, this Biden Harris administration have done the polar opposite, taking decisive action from the very beginning to fund the police and achieving a historic reduction in crime under his leadership.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Brian Kilmeade of "FOX & FRIENDS" was able to talk with former President Trump today, that full interview will air tomorrow on "FOX & FRIENDS" but for a little sneak peek, watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They wanted me to be there and I wanted to be there and I came in from Florida. And what a family, the Diller family. And they lost a hero, really.I mean, he's just a hero. They're devastated, the families devastated, the police forces devastated, the whole country feels this way. And it's happening more and more, and it's really a lack of respect for law and order, and we have to have law and order back in our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Jesse, I think in years past, we might have been shocked that suspects had 35 priors between them and that they were out on the streets. But now, it's just like routine. Like we expect that that's to be the case.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: They all have priors and they're all being allowed to come out and prey on people. This guy's got attempted murder charges. He has gun charges. He has assault. He has drug distribution. There's no way this guy should have been out but he was and now the Diller family is in shock. And it's just such a tragedy because it doesn't need to happen.So, today you have a framing. You have Joe Biden making it rain right over there at Radio City and Donald Trump's at a funeral for a slain cop. We've seen this before at the border. I don't know if it's luck, timing, good instincts. Joe Biden's at the border, can't get really get his footing and Donald Trump's there at the wall doing his thing.And this has happened a couple of times, Trump zipped in during East Palestine right before the president went in. He's at UFC fights college football, his memes are pretty slick.So, when you compare these two people, it really gives the country a choice. One man is paying respects, the other man is asking for money. I know the timing is strange, but it's not even about politics for Trump because if you know him, you know how much he cares about law enforcement. He has a huge heart. He wants to be there.And so, this isn't even really political for him. But Biden's derelict because if I were the president, I would get on the phone with Hochul, Adams, Alvin Bragg, and I would say, are you kidding me? 21 priors. What are you doing? I'd call the City Council chief, what are you doing? Whatever you're doing, racism, equity, forget about it, fix the problem, get it together.And it doesn't even -- you're costing lives and you're costing Joe Biden reelection. If that's the way they need to hear that, fine. But this is destroying this country right now. And people have had it.PERINO: Jessica, there was a report that President Biden did call Mayor Adams, but it was described as offering condolences, not necessarily saying what's happening out there in terms of can you get out Alvin Bragg to do what he should be doing, which is prosecuting crime.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I'm not sure exactly what happened on the phone or what the conversations are, none of us can be. But this does feel like a missed opportunity, not only in expressing the level of condolences that this family deserves for something like this. But also that you have a plan to rectify the problem so that it won't happen again.Because as the Judge pointed out the other day, that traffic stops are the most dangerous time for a police officer because they don't know what they're walking into. And if you are going to have people on the street, who arguably should be in jail.Something bad is going to happen within that car, especially if you have 35 priors between them. I think it's deeply depressing. I think that there is a moment to talk about your record. And this was not it. I mean, there's lots of evidence that you could always point to say, I invested this or I did that. But it's just a sad day.PERINO: Not today.TARLOV: Yes.PERINO: Judge, the support for law enforcement used to break fairly evenly between the parties. In 2016, the average donations was from police was 57 percent. In 2020, it was 77 percent.So, what happened in between was you had the defund the police movement. And to think that that hasn't had an effect is absolutely not true.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Look, we had four presidents in New York City today. Three of them were here for a political reason. Three of them were here to raise money. Three of them were here to make sure that the fourth president didn't become president again.And one president, one president alone was here to pay respect to a fallen police officer who should never have died in the line of duty. Now you see that front line in front of that funeral home, I've been in that line many times. And what you have are the law enforcement community who know who supports them, they know who doesn't support them.And today when Joe Biden landed at 1:30, he could have gone to that week. He did a podcast with some celebrity, that's more important to him. Raising money is more important.Joe Biden is about America last, Donald Trump is about America first. Joe Biden is about opening the border in sanctuary cities and recidivist crimes. Donald Trump is about law and order and supporting the police.And I have to tell you, I am so fed up with Karine Jean-Pierre. We're going to blame the gun. Did that gun walk out of that car and shoot officer Jonathan Diller? No. Dirtbags had those guns. Both of them had illegal guns and stop telling me about all your gun legislation because I don't want to hear about it.I've got 32 years in this business, they can make crimes with illegal guns. They don't give a damn what legislation you pass and how many clips you can add bullets in your clip in your magazine. That's a bunch of nonsense to them. Both of them had illegal loaded guns in that car, and were ready, willing and able to use it in a city where they're not going to be held.One was in prison for attempted murder, all right? And he's out on bail for gun possession. Are you kidding me? This is the fall of a civilized society. When we don't respect police and law enforcement. When we don't recognize it's time to take it to the Democrats. It's time to put it to them. They are responsible for this nonsense social justice, bail reform, which is nonsense. And all of these progressive D.A.s.Hochul should be getting rid of the G.A.s that aren't prosecuting crimes. Hochul should be moving for legislation to protect New Yorkers. I'm sick of sanctuary cities. I'm sick of illegals getting protected in sanctuary cities when they can make crimes.At least Americans when they commit crimes, they go to jail. But not the illegals. Enough of this. If you don't want to lose this country, there's only one man who's going to save it.PERINO: Greg, on gun control, it does seem to be the default position.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, it's also not about the number of murders, it really is, the stories about the number of preventable ones of both police and civilians.We're seeing people getting killed by people who should have been put away whether they should have been in jail or mental institutions, and gun violence as KJP state. It's not like this generic category like car accidents or accidental overdoses. There's a criminal force directly involved in gun violence. There's something bad happening and intentionally done it.So, it's not about the gun, a gun did not push that innocent man in front of the subway. That was -- that was a -- and killed him. That was a law or a no-bail law that allowed that guy out. And then he pushed that innocent person from the subway, there was no gun there.All of this really, it goes back this recidivism, OK? It all goes back. It's the fruits of the George Floyd mythology, which allowed this radical ideology that deems any attempt at trying to preserve a civil society as racist.So, we're experiencing the tear down of a -- of a system and we're watching its replacement which is chaos, that is disguised as social justice. And in this war on society, Officer Diller was a casualty, right? The ideas pushed by elites got him killed, and they're far removed from those consequences.So, in meanwhile, these murderous thugs in the filter of the oppressed versus the oppressor are seen as more important than the people who will protect our streets, a young man who had a wife and a baby. And I know that there are people that will say Trump is politicizing this death. No, he's simply noticing it. That's all he's doing.And he's noticed law enforcement before he was in politics. People have stories about that. It is weird how Joe Biden only recognizes the dead if they're part of a trendy movement, only then he could be bothered. And I think what you can call that is politics.PERINO: And a reminder, this program, you know, don't miss former President Trump's exclusive interview with Brian Kilmeade. That's tomorrow on "FOX & FRIENDS" at 6:00 am Eastern.Up next, While Donald Trump is -- as we just mentioned, paid respects as he was invited to of a fallen officer, Joe Biden, well, right across the street from us are getting ready for a star-studded fundraiser with Barack Obama and Bill Clinton.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Joe Biden is in the Big Apple for a fundraising extravaganza. He's right across the street at Radio City Music Hall for a star-studded event. But of course, Biden can't be counted on to raise the money by himself. So, his campaign is calling and Bill Clinton and Barack Obama.The trio will cozy up to celebrities and participate in a hard-hitting interview with Stephen Colbert. That will also enjoy musical performances by Queen Latifah and Lizzo. Tickets cost up to $500,000 each, making it the most lucrative political fundraiser in U.S. history.Obama's major show of support coming after reports that he's been frantically calling Biden's staff fearing a Trump rematch and aid telling the times Obama has always worried about a Biden loss, and that Obama is prepared to, "eke it out" alongside Biden on the campaign trail.All right, Jesse, I'll start with you. You got the three stooges, Bubba, Barry and clueless Joe, they have to come in to raise money because clueless Joe can't do it himself, can't he?WATTERS: I'm not going to knock a politician for raising money. But Joe needs help. And these two are there to save the campaign.He is the establishment candidate, you're going to have a lot of corporate people donating a lot of money. He's not very smart. You can tell Joe Biden what to do. He opens the borders for the cheap later, and he keeps the national security state paid.But Donald Trump is just pivoting off of this primary. So, there's going to be a little low fundraising flow now. But it'll ramp back up. They have a big event next week. So that's going to be fine, but it does help when you have $3.5 billion coming in out of the middle of nowhere. So, I'm not worried and he has tons of earned media.But what I am concerned about is where the Republicans invest the money, judge? They now have what six weeks of voting in some of these states. So, the Democrats are going to be out there harvesting, go into nursing homes and high rises and tenements and just gobbling up all of these mail in ballots. And that's the game now, it's not about persuasion, it's about mobilization. So the Republicans need to get in early, figure it out and execute, because we know how important early voting is now.PIRRO: You know, Dana, it's interesting, you know, Obama jumping in, you know, to make sure that Biden, you know, gets the money that he needs, in spite of the tension between the two campaigns, in spite of the fact that, you know, Biden was saying, as recently as a couple of weeks ago, that Obama's jealous and all that stuff. Is Obama jumping in more about getting Biden elected or about defeating Trump?PERINO: Defeating Trump and also trying to resurrect his own legacy, because President Trump really dismantled a lot of things, not everything, but a lot of things during his first four years. President Obama doesn't want that to happen. And I think he does take this personally. And I also think that he thinks that it's his responsibility to try to help because Joe is not doing as well as he needs to do.I think that you'll always see this, right? The Democrats have New York and Hollywood entertainment that will come and do this for them.At Trump's events, Trump is the entertainment. You don't have to rely on that. So, the people actually show up to see him.Tonight, they're coming to see Obama, maybe some of the others, Lizzo and then entertainment. But Obama, at to me, is still the draw for the Democrats.I imagine that even if Joe said, tell you what, let's go to Long Island and visit the Diller family instead, his staff would be like, could we stay behind and see Obama because we really miss him.I also understand this that Biden really wants to have a great fundraising quarter in that first quarter and his FEC the Federal Election Campaign report, it's due soon, and he's going to get a big number, it will be bigger than Trump's, and he will get all of the headlines that come with it, and will probably come along with a Bloomberg poll that says, oh, wow, look, Biden is doing really great.TARLOV: You cite one article.PERINO: That's a -- that's a callback from yesterday. But I think that the truth remains that a lot of the accomplishments Biden will talk about tonight are actually his largest vulnerabilities. A, number one is all the spending that led to inflation.PIRRO: Well, you know, speaking of those accomplishments, Jessica, a recent polls show that Joe Biden and his most popular number is for doing nothing 38 percent and for the economy and inflation, 19 percent, not being Trump's six percent, student debt six percent, infrastructure six, and nothing is 38 percent. That's pretty good.TARLOV: Got work to do. Good thing that we have eight months enabled to get it done. And he's been out crisscrossing the country, talking about what he has done. I'm not going to pretend that everything is calm and beautiful. And think if the election was held today that it would be a landslide, this is a dead heat race, and it's going to be a dead heat race on November 5th, as well.I mean, these elections are decided by tens of thousands of people in a few key states. And that's it.But the idea that Joe Biden is struggling to raise money is ludicrous. But the man had a $10 million haul and the 24 hours after the State of the Union. He had the largest fundraising month on record in February, the RNC is in complete tatters, the DNC is cruising, and anyone in the right mind would give almost anything to be able to raise $25 million in one night.And it's custom for previous presidents to campaign with the new presidents of their own party. No one made fun of Barack Obama when he said, Bill Clinton is my explainer in chief. I can't connect with people in kind of a folksy way. So, I need Bill Clinton to come with me and to explain my policies this way.And then Obama, obviously he campaigned for Hillary Clinton who didn't win the race. But for Joe Biden and Bill Clinton was out there for him too, this is what you do.And there is a common enemy and the enemy is whoever is at the top of the Republican ticket. And that is a shared mission. But you know, Donald Trump will get his money out of this PAC for sure, but you have this contrast of someone who is selling out events like this, which by the way has tickets that go for $200 is not all $500,.Donald Trump is on you know, doing ads hocking $60.00 Bibles, he's siphoning off donor money to pay for his legal fees. It's a pretty stark contrast of what's going on here. And that again, to return to where I started. That doesn't mean that Joe Biden is definitely going to win this race but you look at the money and --WATTERS: You arrested him. He does need to pay lawyers.TARLOV: We didn't arrest him.WATTERS: No, you did. Four times.PIRRO: OK, Greg.TARLOV: Well, you said his mugshot is the most powerful positive piece of campaign.PIRRO: Greg, do you think that the Americans people are more impressed with the money that Jessica's talking about, they're raising or they're more impressed with the president who goes to honor and respect a fallen police officer?GUTFELD: I look at the fundraiser, and it reminds me of Live Aid. Except instead of trying to save a starving nation, they're trying to save a starving presidency. And they got you know, he's got Clinton and Obama, one guy's a dog, the other one ate a dog.I don't think you've ever seen a more perfect example of the sparkling obscenely aloof elites in one spot in your life. These people are so far removed from the price of things at a supermarket, or what it's like to ride a subway, there are a collection of overrated elites who have actually done really well dividing this country as they get from Davos to Aspen and Aspen to Davos.So, you see, and Jessica has laid out in stark contrast, it's, as she said, look at the money. So, you see the game here. It's about them raising money while draining Trump of all his money, and then boasting about it.See? He's got to pay for his lawyer. See how it's working? And you know, they're not going to elect a felon. That was the strategy. It's not about policies or people, it's about a financial advantage and winning at any way possible.Meanwhile, you got Colbert has morphed into a full on shill. Remember, he was dancing for pharmaceuticals. Now he's dancing for a leader who's on pharmaceuticals. I don't think Fox would allow me to do that. I don't think Fox would say, you know, I don't think you should be holding a fundraiser for the Republican candidate. In 10 minutes, I'd be doing a podcast with Don Lemon.PIRRO: OK.PERINO: You'd crush him though.PIRRO: All right. Ahead, the freeloading migrant going viral on TikTok just got a new follower, ICE.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Remember the Venezuelan national TikToker telling migrants to invade U.S. homes? Well, thanks to that stupid video, he blew his cover and the feds are now looking for him. He's a fugitive on the run after fleeing ICE custody in 2022. And his TikTok video bragging about all the free stuff he gets being an illegal led officials to believe he's living in Ohio.Now, he's not the only immigrant coming to the U.S. looking for free handouts that Liberal cities are shelling out big time. New York City beginning to hand out prepaid debit cards with up to $350 a week to migrants. Mayor Eric Adams insists the cash isn't luring anybody here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS, MAYOR, NEW YORK CITY: No, sends a mixed message when it's distorted. Now, I'm not hearing from my colleagues down in Ecuador, Colombia, Mexico that hey, everybody's running in New York because they going to get a food card. I'm not hearing that. You know, that's not what I'm hearing from them.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, Dana, is he saying that no one south of the border has any idea what happens the minute you cross?PERINO: I mean, that's just -- that -- it's ludicrous because we know that that's not true. We see it -- we know about all the Facebook posts. Then they show a -- Bill Melugin and Griff Jenkins when they're down at the border, they'll come across, how did you find out? Oh, you know, the cartel sent me this Facebook post, or I found -- I saw it on Snapchat. I have it on TikTok. That's how they figured this all out.I've been skeptical about this guy.WATTERS: Yes.PERINO: Because I feel like he's just straight out of Central Casting. Like, is he a fake -- is this an actor because it seems like you would find him in a South Park episode. It's like a Conservative fever dream, you have this guy coming across the border. Then he's crying because he's going to get kicked out because they found him.We saw it the other day when the bridge collapsed in Baltimore that many of the people that were working on the bridge that died were immigrants, OK. They're working hard. They're working in the middle of the night. We are for legal immigration. I don't know what all of their status was but clearly, they were willing to do the work.What we're asking for is help us all figure out, like all together, let's get a process in place where it's legal, where you can deal with the fact that there are people who have already been in line for many years and they're furious that all of this has erupted into chaos. And instead of it being, you know, the land of the free, they think it's the land of the free housing and lunch.WATTERS: And guys like this that brag about getting freebies, it ruins it for every immigrant waiting in line.GUTFELD: Well, it raises an interesting point. How is this behavior not viewed as xenophobic? You know, if I would burst into a country and I mock their laws and their customs, I'd be called the ugly American. I would be called just another xenophobe. And yet here, illegals get a hall pass. And if we complain about it, we're still xenophobic.But xenophobia right now is coming from outside the house. The re -- the refusal by so many people to integrate and assimilate and they're encouraged not to assimilate, that's not only uh xenophobic, it's also an attack on the basis for our survival. America is -- you know, we're successful because we put aside the differences. We didn't celebrate the differences. We achieved success through the reciprocity of something called capitalism. And what we're doing is we're bringing people in and then just saying you don't have to assimilate.You know, modern migration is coordinated. People are told where to enter. They're given tech assistance and money and how to exploit the asylum loopholes. And then when they get here, they get cards, and they're being told by this fellow how to get into a house. Of course, the house is not a super-rich house because you don't want to piss off the Libs, so it's houses that the middle class might live in.Now, if you look at South America, you look at the Middle East, you look at Eastern Europe, why are we -- why is America the place everybody's coming to? Because unlike the rest of the world, we have stamped out conflict between lineages. We've replaced it with collaboration, what we used to call the Melting Po. But now we have a movement galvanizing an invasion in order to undo this collaboration, right?They want us to come out -- go after each other. So, we're just like the rest of the world. The people that are coming here are being told -- I'm not saying that's what they want to do, I'm telling you there is a movement here that's telling to do that. You don't have to be like us. You don't have to learn the language. Just come here, get free stuff.WATTERS: Jessica, would you like to respond?TARLOV: Sure. Obviously, people know that if you go to some of these big cities that you will be sheltered and you will be fed and clothed and have opportunity, but these cards for instance are being completely distorted. So, this pilot program which starts with only 10 families -- so, you have to have kids in order to qualify for this. Their hope is that it gets to 115 families in total by the end -- can only be used for food and baby supplies. The card gets rejected if you're trying to buy something else. You can't go shopping. The deputy mayor was talking about this in the press conference.You also have to sign an affidavit that you are not going to improperly use the funds. So, these kinds of pilot programs their hope is that they can actually save the city $600,000 a year because they know that they can go to churches and they can get a room at the Roosevelt Hotel, etcetera, where --GUTFELD: Thank God they sign those affidavits because they follow the law.TARLOV: Well, they're in this -- the point -- these are people who are in the system. And because they have to have children, it's different than what you're talking about. You know, usually the complaint is oh, all I see is single men streaming across the border. These are the types of people who might be working on that bridge when God forbid a ship crashes into --WATTERS: Well, Judge --GUTFELD: They shouldn't have been working on that bridge, right? If we had a working border, some of those people might have been alive. I mean, you can -- you can --TARLOV: That's an interesting point. I mean, we know --GUTFELD: I mean, right? I mean, I just heard about this now but it makes me think that like, you know --TARLOV: Well, we don't know if they were undocumented anyway.GUTFELD: I'm just --PIRRO: They're from Guatemala, Honduras, they were all the Central American countries. All of them.TARLOV: Does that mean that they don't have status?PERINO: No. Nobody was saying that. They were saying that we -- that they were willing to work and that if there is a legal process, then we would all be able to support that because it would make sense for all of us. That's what the point was.WATTERS: Judge.PIRRO: All right, what we're talking about is this guy who says I didn't cross the Rio Grande to work like a slave. I came to the U.S. to mark my territory. And I join in this -- they sign an affidavit. First of all, they came here illegally. Now, they're going to sign an affidavit. You know, what just happened at the border when they rushed the border and nine people have been arrested for assaulting and one stomping on the knee of a Border Patrol officer, and they had shives and they had all kinds of weapons to cut the border.I mean, a lot of these people are coming here so they can access what they consider -- you're seeing it right there -- the American Dream. And New York City just spent $53 million to give them cards, so don't tell me it's like 10 families, all right. $45 million Louisville, Kentucky. $2.5 million in Louisville for just three months. That's 12 weeks. $300 million in Chicago. And then --TARLOV: But those --PIRRO: But those are from numbers -- these are numbers we don't have to pay. We don't have this money. They know it. This guy is so sophisticated he knows about squatting. He's telling other illegals how to squat and how not to get arrested. So, you don't think they know the ins and out about how to take advantage?The reason he gave up Canada and he gave up Canada was he didn't get the freebies and he didn't want to work. So, if the border is about this guy, this TikTok guy, then you know, they let him in, they can't find him. They don't know where the -- they don't know where he is because they want to arrest him. They'll never find him.WATTERS: All right. And again, what you do if they squat, you take a hornet's nest and then you drop it down the chimney, all right. Just one of my many ways to get rid of --TARLOV: It's a new one.PERINO: You've been thinking about this.WATTERS: I have been thinking. I have so many more of those.GUTFELD: I see a book on the way.WATTERS: I see a book -- Squatters Watters.Ahead, crime ravaged cities so backwards they're battling a 102-year-old man after vandals keep destroying his property.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: That's beautiful, Greg. OK, Oakland, California getting called out for having mixed up priorities. The city that has been dealing with a crime crisis drawing outrage for after a 102-year-old man. That homeowner slapped with a citation after vandals covered his fence with graffiti. Officials ordering him to remove the paint or face a $1,000 fine. He says covering up the vandalism has been getting harder for him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VICTOR SILVA SR., RESIDENT, OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA: I thought, somebody's crazy. If I had a roller and a paint, I would have painted it. It was very easy because I was a contractor, you know. I'll be 103 in two months or so. I got to slug it up a little bit, you know.(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: Dana, it was one of those stories I didn't think it was possible that this was true that they're forcing him to do this.PERINO: Yes. Like, the city manager or mayor, if he hears about this, he should get over there himself.TARLOV: Paint it himself.PERINO: Paint it himself and say, sir, I'm so sorry and what would you like for your birthday and how could I help you? Oh, and would you like this? And then go, well, make sure that you -- like, you want to be in a -- you know what, sir, we're going to have a parade for you. Indeed.I mean, first the In-N-Out Burger. We just talked about that. They had to close down there and then was it all the Taco Bells. They said no more --TARLOV: Yes.PERINO: They all went cashless. Like, Oakland is a -- is a mess. Graffiti is a huge problem for a lot of cities. And I was talking to a police officer today who said it's just really hard to get ahead of it because -- but you need to in order to have some sort of like deterrent. You have to figure out a way -- the Judge would know about this -- in terms of prosecuting them. It's a difficult thing to do.The last thing I want to mention is I've talked about how there's this effort in California to try to overturn Prop 47 which allowed a lot of this nonsense. So, the group working on that got more than 600,000 signatures for the ballot. So, it will be there on the ballot. And I think that all the city managers and all of the mayors and a lot of the prosecutors are saying they want to change the law so that like -- it looks like it could happen by the Fall.TARLOV: Awesome. Judge, why is the law so funky on this?PIRRO: Well, you know, you've got -- look, you got the police who can't respond to a 911, but the department that that that controls within the city -- the city hall is looking to make sure that you don't have graffiti on your property. I mean, the guy paid taxes for 80 years and he kept his place clean.And apparently, there is a -- something in front of his house. There's some kind of uh utility thing that's covered in graffiti that the town won't clean, but they're going to him and saying you have to clean your house. Look, what I would do is if I worked for the city and the department, whatever it's called that handles housing, is I would put a camera up, I find out who was doing it, I'd make sure that they get cars if there were cars, and then focus on the house.And then what I would do is you file charges against them, and you make those people clean up the graffiti on this house and every house on the street. You paint the house -- you paint the house next door or you go to jail. But you see, there are no consequences anymore. That's what I would do in a situation like this. It's absurd.TARLOV: Greg?GUTFELD: Yes, there's no point in painting it because the graffiti always comes back. I've learned that on my street. It's -- it gets clean and within 12 hours it's covered. This is where the false compassion of identity politics lead. You have politicians that are benefiting their egos by going after names of schools or policies about pronouns but the actual real government help doesn't show up for people who really need it.Republicans may not care about the window dressing of a -- of a statue or you know, the names on a school, but they sure as hell care about people like that. This is where the real compassion and the false compassion, you know, are easily comparable. Republicans care about this, law and order, policing the street, making sure the community is taken care of. Right now, you have a left-wing leadership that basically all they care about are symbols, things that do no good for somebody like that. The only -- the only people left in Oakland are the people that can't leave sadly.TARLOV: Jesse?WATTERS: You know what these city agencies are like, Jessica? It's like a bureaucratic avalanche. You get a bunch of people, you've seen them at their desks all day nameless, faceless people, and they need to feed. You get the momentum and it just comes down and it crushes anything in its path. 102-year-old vet, cats, flowers, it doesn't matter how beautiful or innocent it is, this government machine will just assault anything.And you know what? The people behind the computers are wicked. And they don't care who they hurt. They have a job to do. They punch the clock and then they go home. And they do it day after day after day. And I've had it, Jessica. I have had it.TARLOV: I love the word wicked.WATTERS: Wicked.TARLOV: I feel like we should use wicked more than evil. Evil is thrown around a lot but wicked is good.OK, "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Welcome back. Time for "THE FASTEST." We all make mistakes, right? An animal lover rescued what she thought was a sick baby hedgehog. After spending all night nursing the creature back to health, she noticed it wasn't moving. That's when she rushed it to the vet and the staff informed her that it was not a hedgehog but a pom-pom from the top of a winter hat.Jesse, I think the doctor just missed an opportunity to completely mess with her. He should have told her it was sleeping and it needs to be petted constantly in a -- in a public place and she has to sing Taylor Swift tunes to him.WATTERS: Oh, Taylor?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Don't get me started.GUTFELD: I know.WATTERS: I want to know what she did to nurse it back to health.GUTFELD: Yes. Excellent question.WATTERS: That's what I'm wondering. Did she -- did she try to breastfeed it? Did she notice that none of the food was missing?TARLOV: Or that it weighed four ounces at most.WATTERS: Right.GUTFELD: Well, you know, if it were pink, she would have fit right in at the protest of 2016.TARLOV: Oh, you remember the good old days?GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: I have my hat.GUTFELD: Yes. What they called?PIRRO: Do you had that hat?TARLOV: No, I have the hats.PIRRO: Oh, good.TARLOV: And I didn't go to D.C. for the merch. I did the New York one.GUTFELD: She might have just invented the new pet rock.PIRRO: Well, you know what would have happened if I did that? My vet would have told me that it was sick, it needed surgery, charged $3,000.WATTERS: And you would paid.PIRRO: And then I would have paid and then told me that it died and that they have cremation-appropriate services.PERINO: You can never get out of a vet without a comma in the -- in the bill.PIRRO: In the number.GUTFELD: According to the doctor, they said that they realized it was actually Frank Luntz's hair.PERINO: Greg.WATTERS: So mean. You're so bad.PIRRO: It looks more like your hair.PERINO: I was thinking when you said that what the vet -- I think the vet should have said, oh, yes, you killed it.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. There you go.PERINO: Yes. That'll teach you.GUTFELD: I hope you're happy."ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." I want to talk to you about this. So, tomorrow marks one year since Wall Street Journal Reporter Evan Gershkovich was detained by Russia on an espionage charge which he and the U.S. government absolutely deny. A Russian court just extended Evan's detention by another three months.To mark the anniversary, I participated in the Journal's readathon along with other reporters and colleagues in a public reading of his reporting for a 24-hour period. Bill Hemmer and many others were there and participated. It was a really good event and smart to do that.Tomorrow across all platforms, Fox News Media will have special coverage about Evan. Be sure to watch and share his story on social media with the hashtag "I Stand With Evan."And now, we shall go to the Judge.PIRRO: OK, I'll be hosting the "HANNITY" show tonight at 900 p.m. And among the guests are uh Alina Habba and Mark Geragos, Stephen Miller. And we're going to talk about the Menendez special that we've got on Fox Nation along with Jussie Smollett. You remember him, right, from the past?PERINO: Oh, yes. He's Greg's favorite.PIRRO: Well, he is back in the news in the highest court in Illinois. He's hearing his appeal, so something's cooking there.PERINO: All right, Greg.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got a great show. Sage Steele, Kurt Metzger, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's tonight. Let's do this real quick. Greg's repulsive news. This is so disgusting. I don't even want to show it to you but here it goes. Take a look at these disgusting little red pandas enjoying a nice nutritious snack at a Milwaukee Zoo. They're eating bamboo, fruit, acorn roots, and eggs. It's enough to make you sick to your stomach. Jesse.WATTERS: All right, there's a math teacher in Dallas who changed his name to literally anybody else and announced he's running for president. So, he expects his name to be right under the names of Trump and Biden. So, if you're interested in literally anybody else, vote for this guy.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," RFK Jr. at 8:00.PERINO: Oh, all right. Well, Jessica, next time. I promise.TARLOV: Yes.PERINO: All right, that's it for us, everyone. Have a great night. Hey, Bret!