JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF CORRESPONDENT: By eating the food that they tell us not to.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, no, we're going together, young man. I'm not letting you have all the fun.Jonathan, great job. And we really appreciate in that perspective. Only from Jonathan. Well, but all our folks, this is a very special day. And one of those days where we stop and think, this is all right. Here's THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City. And this is THE FIVE.Total eclipse mania sweeps America, millions across the country putting on these clunky paper sunglasses and looking up as the afternoon light plunged into darkness. I have some glasses right here. Millions traveling from all over the world to be in the direct path of shelling out up to a thousands of dollars just to snag a hotel room. Not one Airbnb available in the path of totality. Traffic jams, they were everywhere. Highway signs, warning drivers to not pull over and look at the sun. Schools even closed early.And if you missed it, your next chance is in 2044 when Jesse Jr. turns 23. So, we got our little glasses here. These were approved and you can see one by one. Let's see. They're really dark. I have to say. Let's see. So, Harold Ford Jr., how was your experience today?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: First of all, good to be back. The -- I heard that chief of police in Buffalo upstate New York say that when people leave this thing, it was going to be like 10 Super Bowls letting out at one time.It was fine. I was with my kids which was great because it didn't get as dark here as I thought it was going to get. (INAUDIBLE) So, I was prepared for -- now I got to tell you what was most remarkable was putting this glasses on and looking at the sun, you could see the -- and what you realize is the sun is you learn in school is powerful. But you learn today how powerful it was because it didn't look like that much sun was there but it was still pretty lit and it was cloud coverage.So, but my kids enjoyed it. We were with -- I was with my daughter, Georgia, my son Harold (ph), my wife and another family from our school, my kid's best friends and we all had a -- we all had a great time.PERINO: Did you have a special snacks?FORD JR.: Pizza.PERINO: OK, that's a good snack.FORD JR.: We would have invited Jesse Jr. if he -- if he could have come.PERINO: Did Gus go crazy?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, no, I wasn't there. In my opinion, this is worse than January 6. I think it's offensive how Fox has covered this eclipse because what about the people who can't see it? And I'm not just talking about blind people, though I am in a way, but the millions suffering from climate insecurity. What about them? The people suffering from gender confusion and systemic astronomical racism. Forget about the word black holes. There are celestial nicknames that are still being used like Siamese Twin Galaxies and Eskimo nebulas. This is offensive.And I haven't even touched on the equity problem here. I boycotted the eclipse, because there was no equity and how people were able to view this, some people could go on a roof. Other people had to stay on the street. I find that disgusting.But then, I thought about it for a while. And I thought you know what? The eclipse the reason why everybody hates the eclipse and let's be honest, we all hated it. It was stupid.It's the opposite of an earthquake. You cannot help but be disappointed by an eclipse with every anchor acting like they're having like a massive out- of-body experience. But an earthquake never disappoints you, because it just shows up. It shows up and you're, holy crap, this is an earthquake.So, what is this moral for you? The moral is as a human being, don't be an eclipse, be an earthquake, don't build yourself up over and over and over again, because you just disappoint.Instead, you show up and you surprise and you impress people. That's the lesson you learn from an eclipse.And eclipse -- an eclipse though, is like an earthquake in one sense. It allows you to strike up a conversation with strangers.For example, after the eclipse, I was walking out Sixth Avenue and this woman was approaching me. I'd say she's a 10 but that's objectifying. So, she's like an eight.Anyway, I just go up to her and I say, wow, that was incredible. And she just looked into my eyes and she goes, yes, I guess it was and I go, Donald Trump's fundraiser was amazing, did you see how much money he raised?PERINO: And then she was like --GUTFELD: Yes.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: She walked on by.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: You know, one of your favorite topics is the media. And we have a montage and I would like to toss to it now, here we go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is really an exciting moment that so many people have been waiting for and you can feel it in the air as we are nearing no - - totality, you guys, oh my goodness.Look at that. Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I feel like it is our final turn here to descend and slide into the darkness and the totality of all of this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not to sound nerdy here but it looks like it's almost like the ring from Lord of the Rings. It's awesome.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The wedding that just finished a wedding in totality. This couple wanted this to be in their event.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: This is a total --SUNNY HOSTIN, ABC NEWS HOST: Solar.GOLDBERG: Total -- I don't know it's a whole thing.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But the moon will be going in front of the sun or a Sanchez in this point. And that's a partial, I think we've got a full eclipse there.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is my first time that I've seen one.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did it -- did it line up with your expectation?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not really.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Here comes the sun. Here comes the sun. And I say, it's all right.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Jesse, what are you going to do tonight for the eclipse?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Tonight? Oh, I have big plans, Dana. And I don't know I'm with Greg. I think the clips kind of got gypped by the earthquake. And that's how I feel.I mean, I actually felt something, we pulled over tried to look at it, didn't see much. And I was a little disappointed. But --PERINO: So, you did what the police told you not to do?WATTERS: Yes, I stared at it. And then now I can't see anything.And it's obvious that the natural order of the universe has been disrupted. The ancient Chinese, Dana, believed that a dragon was devouring the sun. And so, during the eclipse, they would bang drums and create a ruckus in order to have it leave.Now, in Hindu mythology, it was believed that a cunning demon, disguised himself in women's clothes, and then went to a banquet to try to drink the nectar of the gods. Was caught, and then beheaded. And then his decapitated head is what you see crossing the night sky and into the sun.The Incas, on the other hand, you know, they worship the sun, and they believe that was God's wrath.PERINO: What about the Vikings, did you get into that one?WATTERS: We're getting there.PERINO: OK.WATTERS: And so, they had to figure out why God was angry. And so, they do that. And then they'd offer sacrifices, sometimes human sacrifices in order to appease the gods.Native Americans, certain tribes believed that there was a dwarf who was burned by the sun in order to get revenge had to snare the sun in a trap, and only a mouse could nibble away at the ropes to release the sun from its orbit.GUTFELD: You're good.PIRRO: Wow, that was beautiful.PERINO: The Vikings. What about the Vikings?WATTERS: I don't have anything on the Vikings.PERINO: They thought -- they thought the sun was the fox and the moon was the rabbit. And then every once in a while, the Fox would catch the rabbit.WATTERS: Correct.PERINO: And now you have it, Judge. I do want to show you one thing, President Trump got in on the action with the ad, watch here.GUTFELD: Amazing.PERINO: And that gave you some humor.PIRRO: You know, we have to give him credit. He is such an entertainer, he really is.I have to tell you, the thing that I -- that I come away with is that I didn't think it was that dramatic, traumatic, anything. I thought it would get darker, to be honest with you. I wore the glasses. And then at one point, I took them off. And I looked up for a second and you're not supposed to but whatever.I liked the fact that it kind of brought us all together.PERINO: I agree.PIRRO: As a humanity, you know, we all share this common thing together. And I love that there was an economic boom that was connected to it, that people were traveling, that they were buying the gear and the paraphernalia.And you know, for that four minutes and 20 seconds, whatever it was that we were also fascinated together and recognizing that we were all part of the same human body on Earth.And so, I called home to see how the dogs were doing, all four of them. And I said I don't want them outside. Because I don't want them looking at the sun as I looked at the sun. And I said are they acting funny? Is there anything unusual? And they said no, not at all.So, I just thought it was -- it was interesting, but it didn't freak me out.PERINO: Hey, so let's do it all again in 2044.GUTFELD: One final -- can I just raise a question for everybody to think about, is it an interesting that the entire news industry can stop for a day to focus on something like this? What does that tell you about how the news is made?PERINO: That's a good riddle. I'm going to work on that in the break.GUTFELD: Stop it and start it whenever they want.PIRRO: That's the truth.PERINO: OK, I'm going to move on from the solar eclipse the pro-Hamas crowd now chanting death to America on American soil.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Another shocking low for Joe Biden's America. The Pro-Hamas crowd apparently feels emboldened enough to chant death to America while holding a rally in Dearborn, Michigan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): Death to America. Death to America. Death to America. Death to America. Death to America.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: the anti-Israel agitators also hitting up Joe Biden's Wilmington, Delaware home where he spent the weekend. But it looks like the left's pressure campaign is working. Biden's been caving and issuing harsher public criticism of Israel's war on Hamas six months since the terror attack. Democrats are also going soft on Hamas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The president initially said he was rock solid in support of Israel's efforts here. Have the protesters won at the White House?SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): No, I think this is a tactical disagreement that began with Prime Minister Netanyahu insisting he would go into Rafah but I believe President Biden has been saying directly to Prime Minister Netanyahu is before you go in at scale and try to finish the job against Hamas, make sure that you allow for humanitarian aid, and for those civilians trapped in Rafah to move out of the way before you conduct this last stage of the ground campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Dana, what is Joe Biden's strategy with regards to Israel right now?PERINO: I heard -- I don't know actually who started this, so I don't know who to credit. But it was that Biden has a new two state solution, Michigan and Nevada.And one of the things that's happening, especially in Michigan is that you have him worried that if he doesn't win Michigan, he's not going to win the election. And you have a certain percentage in Michigan who are saying, we're not going to be excited about Joe Biden, doesn't mean they're going to vote for Trump, but they might just stay home.In the meantime, though, there are a lot of Jewish Americans who live in Pennsylvania. So, I can't figure out the political strategy. I also can't figure out the principle. What is the principled stand? Why don't we all know all the names of the Americans who are being held in Israel? They don't talk about them. There's no posters. There's no prompt that says we want this person released now. There's no pressure put on Hamas to say this, everything would end in five minutes if you release the hostages. So, that is a confusing thing to me.But I also wanted to mention this, I think it's chilling to listen to these folks in Dearborn talk, Death to America. OK. And it reminded me of something and I just wanted to look it up and you'll remember after January 6th, Lloyd Austin, the defense secretary and Joe Biden, they were very concerned about right-wing extremism in the military. And they spent almost a million dollars on an investigation to find out how many people were in the military were sympathetic to what they would call insurrectionists.And then, on January 2nd of 2024, all these years later, and hardly ever gotten mentioned, Greg did a monologue on it, though. DOD report finds no evidence of disproportionate extremism within the military. But they spent a million dollars on investigation that was ridiculous. But you don't hear them say anything about this.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine, are those chants Death to America in Michigan, is that actionable? Can the FBI go in and start an investigation?PIRRO: Well, the FBI can investigate anyone they want. We know they investigated parents of kids in school, they investigate the Catholic Church. But no, I mean, it's free speech.But it seems to me if you're going to chant death to America, death to Israel, you know, but death to America seems to me chosen aside, why not act on it? If you don't like America, why not act on your hatred for America?But look, this isn't just protesting. I mean, this protest movement allegedly for the Palestinians is not a humanitarian movement. It is an elimination as to movement. And by that I mean it is a movement to destroy Israel. It is from the river to the sea, and they don't want a two state solution. And I love the idea of a two state being Michigan and Pennsylvania. I heard Michigan and Minnesota but they don't want a two state solution. They want a one state solution. They want all of Israel gone. OK.And we seem to forget that it was Hamas that started this. It was Hamas that killed 31 Americans. It is Hamas that has over 250 hostages, including five Americans. And now all of a sudden Joe Biden is gung ho from the get go. And now he's slowing down, obviously, because of the politics of it all.And it is amazing that no Arab country would stand up and say I will take these refugees and the reason that they want -- they don't want Netanyahu to go into southern Gaza is because there are a million civilians allegedly just civilians at the Rafah gate right at the border of Egypt.Egypt and el-Sisi won't take them. Jordan doesn't want them. Syria doesn't want them. Lebanon doesn't want them, now that makes no sense to me. They're Arabs, too.So, what is it about these people? I'll tell you what it is. What it is, is the fact that Hamas is integrated into the civilians. And that's why there's still one brigade, thousands of -- I think about a thousand Israeli troops still there, because they are making sure that they are in a position to react and this excuse that, well, we're -- you know, we're trying to work in the humanitarian aid.Think about it, Jesse. In what war have you ever seen one side at war being required to provide food, humanitarian aid and medical care to the other side to stop the war so that we can go in and take care of them?Well, we can't tell the difference between the civilian and Hamas. And you know, when we and the Allied Forces bombed Germany, and killed hundreds of thousands of Germans, we didn't say, oh, my God, they're civilians. No, war is war, it is hell.And all of a sudden, these people who want death to America, all of a sudden they are the ones who are trying -- who are pulling back Joe Biden, which is nothing more than music to the ears of Hamas and Iran.WATTERS: Harold Ford, Jr.FORD JR.: So, when I think about these things, and I hear everything that the Judge said, and I don't necessarily disagree with a lot of it, but I think about it the way, General Powell, the late General Powell, Secretary Powell talked about the Powell Doctrine. Secretary Powell's birthday was just April 5th, he talked about the risk and the interest, American interest is a part of that dialogue.And the third, less three pieces dealt with, is there a plausible exit strategy? Is there broad American support or American people support for what we're doing? And do we have broad international support?And I think for a lot of the things, a lot of the reasons that the Judge mentioned of the reasons and I support Israel's efforts and have unequivocally and unconditionally since the -- since October 7th, or since the afternoon of October 7th.But we find ourselves now in this -- in this weird spot, because I think one of the frustrations on the part of the administration has been that they believe that there has been some real movement on agreement to release the hostages. Hamas is one, it has so many criminals in jail than Israel, prisoners in jail in Israel to be released for the hostages.And to Dana's point, us knowing the names of the American hostages could be very useful to help one or two of these questions. I know a lot of these questions asked by the Powell Doctrine.And I think that the growing frustration for the -- for the administration is that they have seen a rift with them, and Netanyahu does grow bigger and bigger. And some are conflating that with support for Israel. And then you have this craziness in Michigan.I disagree with you, Judge, I hope they find it actionable. We have found ways to investigate people in the country, they should find ways to investigate anybody that would yell death to America eight times, at a rally in which the whole premise seems to be against American foreign policy, there should be some looking into it, we're going to look at people who go to school board meetings, and I thought rightly so for acting out against elected officials, we should be doing the same at this right here.Finally, this is -- I never thought at 53 years old, 26 years old being elected, that we would find ourselves at a moment where U.S. foreign policy, and Israeli foreign policy was not aligned when it came to securing Israel.We've got to find our way back to a much better spot than we're in. And one of the ways to do it is to ensure that this death to America thing does not continue. And that we have a very honest conversation with the American people about our interest, the exit strategy and what we do to secure and why Israel security is so important to our own.WATTERS: Before we get to Greg, I just want to say you look great for 53.FORD JR.: Thank you. By the way, congratulations on your number one --WATTERS: Thank you very much, Harold.GUTFELD: I disagree.WATTERS: He does not look great.GUTFELD: I look great.WATTERS: You look great too. We all look great.GUTFELD: Yes. Yes, you know, it took us a long time to move on. And I use that phrase, probably loosely, to move on from 9/11.Like, we remembered it every single day, every single day. We built and we did everything six months since October 7th. And history is already history. There are people that are already denying what went on. It was -- it has gotten in many minds smaller and smaller. And the respect for what Israel is doing is getting smaller, but it's not Israel's fault, right?Your respect for what Israel does is related to the legacy of the Holocaust. If you actually believed that since the Holocaust, Israel has a right to defend itself, then this is the moment to prove it. This is the moment. If you -- if you -- if everything you said about Israel in the past was they have a right to defend, and now you're criticizing them but nothing you said was worth it. Because it's supposed to matter now, it's not supposed to matter in skirmishes, or when there's some kind of political beef or an election. It's about when it actually comes, which it did on October 7th.And if all of a sudden you're saying whoa, hey, you know what, you guys should slow down, a little humanitarian something, then you are not respecting the legacy of the Holocaust, because this is -- this is where it counts.You know, and I get the impression, you know, with the death to American step, but we are on a slow roll toward our own little Gazas, these little islands of unrest in the country. These were places that were sacrificed to leftism, leftisms where laws were discarded, identity and division became the currency. You know, look at Minneapolis since George Floyd, it's never been the same. They're all these enclaves.We were supposed to be a melting pot. But that requires melting. And instead, what we're seeing these areas is at hardening, it's a hardening. And we're always accused of xenophobia if we exalt our country's awesomeness, or make fun of another country's customs fair enough, I get it. But it's a two way street.If you come here and you reject assimilation, free speech, cooperation with people different than you, those are our values. And if you reject them, you're xenophobic, you're anti-American. It's not illegal, I guess. But why are we respecting it and why are we encouraging it?You know, leftism encourages this sort of behavior. It is time for the adults to enter the room and basically change the conversation or the cities are gone.FORD JR.: Amen.WATTERS: That was powerful, Greg.GUTFELD: Well, why thank you.WATTERS: Very powerful. I need to use these when I look at you.Coming up, is Joe Biden cooking the books on the so-called drop in crime? Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: It looks like Joe Biden has been caught cooking the books on America's crime crisis. Dems and the media hyping crime stats from the bureau which show that murder and violent crime are down.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Last year, the United States had one of the lowest rates of all violent crime -- of all viol crimes in more than 50 years.JEN PSAKI, HOST, MSNBC: I mean, I just debunked some of the things Trump is pushing about crime. He says crime is worse than ever when in most places in the U.S. it's actually going down.The truth is that violent crime skyrocketed under Donald Trump's presidency. Crime has fallen under Joe Biden's presidency.JOE SCARBOROUGH, HOST, MSNBC: Crime rates keep dropping. Crime in fact the rate is lower now than when Donald Trump was in office.PETE BUTTIGIEG, U.S. SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION: I can safely walk my dog to the Capitol today in a way that you couldn't do when we all got here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Right.FORD JR.: A lot of opinions.GUTFELD: But the Washington Examiner crunching the numbers. Finally someone did it and it's a bunch of B.S. The FBI has been using a complicated faulty new system which major cities have been struggling to comply with. The Fed's then forced to start estimating crime stats and thus undercounting total offenses.All right, Harold, I got to go to you because you were one of the people that you're very sensible, you're like an old school Democrat about crime. And I could tell you were struggling with this when you were -- we're talking about the data.FORD JR.: I agree. I agree with you. I don't --GUTFELD: Yes, but remember the data that they were pushing didn't match our eyeballs. We knew that the decarceration, the defunding, the politicalization of the Justice Department, all this stuff was destroying us. But they were telling us no. They were gaslighting us.FORD JR.: Well, I don't know. The politicization of the Justice Department, I'm not quite where you got --GUTFELD: Criminal justice I should have said.FORD JR.: But where -- with that I agree. Where I am is we've said on the show, if you feel unsafe, no one -- no matter of stats -- no number of stats are going to tell you you're not. You said something also, Judge, when Secretary Buttigieg -- I would assume that the secretary has security when he's out walking his dog, so I would feel comfortable and safe if I were -- if I were -- if I were him too.PERINO: No kidding.FORD JR.: A couple things. We've said on the show -- for the life of me, I don't understand why Vice President Harris whom I have a great deal of respect for and like, you're one of the great prosecutors this country ever had, why you wouldn't go around the country, gather up all the great practices around the country and whether it's reducing homicides, whether it's reducing assaults, whether it's reducing thefts, whether it's reducing gun violence.Dallas, you did a great thing on the Dallas Police chief, Dana, on -- you and Bill did a few months back talking about how the morale of the police is up there. The crime numbers are down. And I think the mayor even switched. He was a Democrat. He switched to be a Republican.These are the kinds of things -- not that you want people switching from Democrat or Republican, but let's give us the best practices and let's figure out how we adopt these around the country in something I think we all fully agree on. Cashless bail is not working. It hasn't worked. If you arrest someone for violent crime, you can't let them back out 10 minutes later. We've seen unbelievably disgusting statistics and fixable statistics here in New York where we understand that a small number of people are committing the majority of the crimes over and over and over again. There seems to be a fix to this. Keep people in jail.There's nothing wrong with spending more money on police officers. There's nothing wrong with spending more money on giving police officers the equipment they need as well as investing in the kinds of things in communities to help get people to not commit crimes. But when people commit a crime, they need to be arrested. When people commit a violent crime, they shouldn't get out on their own recognizance or because a group of legislators thinks it might be the right thing to do.People in New York ought to unelect these people. We ought to do it all across the country and we ought to change these laws.GUTFELD: Do we just get a still of Jen Psaki with that -- in that interview there? Yes. Never do an interview when you're on the toilet.PERINO: Yes, it's a good -- it's a good idea.GUTFELD: You know, I mean, it just not -- it's not a good look. OK. So, hey, Dana?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: OK. The failure of this justice -- they -- in this article, they said there's a rising share of victims no longer reporting crimes probably because they feel like no one's going to do anything.PERINO: Yes. It's like what's the -- and Peter has been talking about this in Britain for a long time that like if you had a robbery in your house or your car got broken into, you call the police and they'll say, yes, just like write a full report for your insurance. They don't send anybody. But remember the story we did last week? They will definitely send police to your house if you get reported for doing some sort of like hate speech in a meme on Instagram over there.Also, I go back to this. I learned this from George W. Bush that you cannot fix a problem that you don't measure properly. And that was in regards to education. And that's how you ended up with the No Child Left Behind Act. The government has their head in the sand when it comes to crime, to Harold -- when you said that if you feel unsafe. I mean, how many people that you talk to anywhere? I know Judge, I think you traveled this weekend. People asked are you OK? Do you feel OK there? And so yes people are aware of it everywhere.Failure to report is a decrease in crime but let's also talk about how the Biden Administration by doing this is hurting these police chiefs and the -- if you look at that almost all of them have been people of color, we have women -- how many women police chiefs have resigned because they will not get help or support from the prosecutors or from an administration who says we're going to do something about it.GUTFELD: It's a great point. And judge, so the Washington Examiner did this. We've been talking about this. They were the first person to do the work because they were the only people that didn't -- weren't scared of upsetting a narrative. Think about all those other reporters out there who just -- who saw what we saw but like -- were like, you know what, we'll go with the -- we'll go with the data.PIRRO: Yes, the data deniers like Kathy Hochul who told us we were all crazy, that there was no crime in the subways, and that the crime is a figment of our imagination. And yes, Jen Psaki who actually said when we were on Fox, she pointed to it and said what are they talking about? Why are they so focused on crime?Look, this administration and the whole point of this block is that the FBI is underreporting the number of crimes in this country. Why? Because the Democrats want power. That is the ultimate game here. Here's the problem. They say the economy is great under Bidenomics. We know it's not. We know what eggs costs. We know what meat costs. We know how much more it costs to live every year. You don't need to be a genius.But what you have to re realize now is that when Milwaukee in their own local report says that robberies have gone up seven percent, but the FBI reports that robberies have gone down 13 percent in Milwaukee, somebody's lying, OK. And in 63 percent of the departments in this country are reporting less crime. Why? Because the FBI has created new onerous crime stats that take hours to analyze every crime. It's like the New York City Council has just passed the law saying we want the police to do more paperwork every time they have an interaction with a human being which provides for less police defense on the street.They are liars and it's political. But the bottom line is you cannot -- you cannot function in a -- in a society where you don't have enough police, where there isn't enough 911 response time. We are not safe. And you know, everybody agrees, you know, what Harold is saying. We need to get rid of cashless bail. We need to put criminals in jail. But until we are in a situation where that stuff is eliminated, and until we have politicians who are willing to do that -- and I -- with all due respect, Harold, I don't think Kamala Harris was a great prosecutor. I think she was a horrible prosecutor. I think she laughed at the number of people that she put in jail for marijuana and she took a few tokes herself laughing at the people that she incarcerated. So let's not make her some queen that she isn't.And Kamala fighting crime, she is the one who was putting money into getting out the 2020 bail criminals who committed violent crimes and getting them bailed out of jail. She's as much a prosecutor as I am a defense attorney.FORD JR.: You want to see what she said about you?PIRRO: I could care less. You know what? Let's have at it. I have no problem going at it.GUTFELD: All right, Jesse, so if you look at job reports, COVID, immigration, prices, all data is junk.WATTERS: Greg, it's Enron-style reporting across the board everywhere. Look at -- the administration is flying in migrants from Venezuela to keep the border crossing numbers down. Every time you look at a jobs report, you're like oh, wait, next month, they revised it down. Oh, it's all part-time jobs. It's all migrant jobs. It's a mirage. And then inflation they say it's going down. Prices are still going up just at a slower level.And so, this is really information warfare. And as you said, the media should be reporting this instead of just repeating the propaganda from the state. And then you have a crime-riddled, divided, and distrustful society that doesn't believe the politicians, the media, or the FBI. And then they wonder why there's populism on the march.GUTFELD: Good point, Jesse.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Let's march later. All right, put on your glasses. All right, coming up, we've reached Trump derangement totality. There's that word again. An ABC star letting the Hitler comparisons fly.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: This woman has a serious case of Trump derangement syndrome. One of the stars of the hit ABC sitcom Blackish flying into an unhinged rant on how the ex-president is Hitler and will put Black people in camps if he's reelected.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER LEWIS, ACTRESS: He will punish everybody that didn't vote for him. Let me tell y'all how I know this. I know it because I know what mental illness looks like. That mania is unstoppable. This (BLEEP) is Hitler. He didn't come to play.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, she knows what mental illness looks like. I think I just saw it. You know, the amazing part of this, Jesse, is that what she does is she says he's going to put Blacks in camps, he's Hitler, he didn't come to play, and the man was president for four years. If anything, the past predicts the future. Where is she getting this from?WATTERS: They're all becoming mentally ill, Judge, and here's why. You now have these prosecutions not working. $25 million Joe raised right across the street, Donald Trump just doubled it in Palm Beach over the weekend. He just took home I think on paper about $3 billion in stock. And he just announced this morning that he does not want a federal abortion ban, and he's up in every single battleground state.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: These are really important things that are happening right now. They're all going in Trump's direction. And all the hoaxes that they've been pushing, dictator on day, one all this stuff, he calls them animals, migrants, none of it is working. They get exposed in 30 seconds, so they're in deep trouble.PIRRO: You know, Harold, in 2016, Donald Trump was supported eight percent Blacks, 2020 12 percent, and today 23 percent of the Blacks support him. What's she talking about?FORD JR.: The Blacks. The -- I think she is -- look, everybody has a strong theory of the case. My theory is a little different than hers. I'm not for President Trump but I wouldn't -- I wouldn't go -- I would go there. If you've ever watched her on the show Blackish, she's pretty funny. And she's dealt with mental health issues in the past which is where I think that --PIRRO: You mean her own?FORD JR.: Her own.PERINO: Yes.FORD JR.: I think that's where maybe --PIRRO: Oh, I didn't know that.FORD JR.: No, no, I know you didn't.PIRRO: I didn't.GUTFELD: Who cares?FORD JR.: No, but she -- but that's where I think she -- now, you can agree with her not but that's where she was coming from. I think that -- I've said before, there's so many things if you are in opposition to Donald Trump, you've got to get to the issues and you've got to get to what our candidate is going to do better for the communities that we want to support us.When you look at the polling data which you rightly point out, all of us have pointed out where President Biden is running behind in five, six of the key Battleground States, you got to look at the issues that are causing that to happen. If you believe -- I thought what President Trump did on abortion today or yesterday was absolutely confusing and I think Democrats will use that.If you want to go after him on issues, go after him on issues. But I think the personalization the personalizing of this is not necessary. I give Jennifer Lewis the benefit of doubt because she's an actress, but politicians, people who are assigned to deal with the seriousness of campaigns, talk about Ukraine, talk about Russia, talk about abortion. Talk about the issues that animate a campaign.PIRRO: One of the things that she says, Greg, is that you know, the Whites and the rich people are doing everything they can to stay in the gated communities and not pay taxes, and yet one percent of the wage earners pay like 46 percent of the taxes.GUTFELD: I think we're falling into a trap of debating somebody that is unwell. This is like talking to a homeless guy in the park about politics. It's on you if you engage. You know she's stupid-ish. And -- but this is helpful because you just know -- like, when people start comparing people to Hiller, all bets are off. That's why it's like she -- oh, well, she had a mental illness past. I don't care.FORD JR.: I wasn't justifying it.GUTFELD: Yes, yes, yes.FORD JR.: I was only saying, when she said the mental health stuff is all I was saying.PIRRO: Yes, I didn't know.GUTFELD: But the thing is -- I mean, it's like, it helps everybody else know that we should avoid you, right? It's like, you're basically putting a sign on saying I'm a vapid ideologically captured anti-intellectual dope. It's like -- it's like saying I put avocados up my butt. That's how moronic and insane it is. When somebody goes like, he's a Hitler, he's Hitler, I mean, it doesn't -- it's not a good look. It's sad I think.PIRRO: Yes, it doesn't go with the red glasses. Go ahead, Dana.PERINO: I think that President Trump could just run a sizzle reel of all the people in Hollywood who say he's Hitler and it would probably help him just like the eclipse ad, right? Just like put it out there, put the MSNBC historians out there saying that he's going to be a dictator for life, and you'd probably capture most of the electorate who would say yeah they're ridiculous.PIRRO: OK. All right, the bad boy of country is in some big trouble. We'll tell you what superstar Morgan Wallen did that guy himself arrested.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Here we go. Last night, he let the liquor talk. Country superstar Morgan Wallen getting arrested on three felony charges after launching a chair off the rooftop of a six-story bar in Nashville. Police officers say the thing landed or the chair landed near a couple of police officers. TMZ getting this photo of when the arrest happened. Wallen getting slapped with reckless endangerment charges and one disorderly conduct charge.Your honor, in light of this, was this the right set of charges based on what little we know right now?PIRRO: Well, I assume it is. When you in danger of police, you generally get charged with the right crime. It's not the first time he's been in trouble with the law. He's got a problem. He was drinking here and I believe he was drinking last time. It's about time he had some people help him out with a problem or he's going to throw away a fabulous career.FORD JR.: Primetime?WATTERS: Well, he has a long way to go to reach the hall of fame when it comes to rockstar misbehavior. I mean, he didn't cross dress and pee on the Alamo like Ozzy.GUTFELD: Hey!WATTERS: He didn't start a riot at a concert like Axel Rose. He didn't get arrested at JFK for impersonating an officer and having crack rocks all over the car like DMX. What about Keith Moon? Keith Moon got buck naked and drove his Cutlass Supreme into a swimming pool of a hotel. That's the kind of action you want to see from a rock star, not throwing a chair.FORD JR.: That's the standard?WATTERS: That's -- throwing a chair, come on. The guitarist for REM ended up pouring yogurt all over himself on a flight and put a stewardess in a choke hold with his necktie after 15 glasses of wine. He's got a long way to go and I'm sure he'll get there.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: I would say he's very fortunate that it didn't hit somebody and hurt them more seriously because then the charges would have been a lot.WATTERS: That's what I meant to say.PIRRO: Yes, I hope so.FORD JR.: Exclamation Point, bring it home.GUTFELD: Yes. It was just pure timing or it could have been an attempted murder, could have been manslaughter.PIRRO: Absolutely.GUTFELD: You know, kids throw things out of windows and they hit people, so there's a diff -- you know, people think they're a functional drunk. You're a lucky drunk. You're a lucky -- he is a very lucky drunk that he didn't hurt anybody. But he -- but people when they don't hurt anybody tend to forget how close it was and they're back to doing the same thing.FORD JR.: Can I say this? You've been incredible today with the comments.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Thank you.FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.GUTFELD: Harold is hitting on me.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." For me, two plugs. First of all, our friend Dr. Nicole Saphier out with a new book Tuesday, April 16th, and it's available now for pre-orders. It's called Love Mom. And it's a Mother's Day gift for anyone looking to get ahead of shopping. You can pick that up, pre-order it, April 16th it comes out.And I have my politics podcast out today with a good friend of mine, Don Stewart. Those of you from the Hill, we'll remember him.FORD JR.: Good dude.PERINO: Greg?FORD JR.: Good dude.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, what a show. Walter Kirn, the great writer, Brian Kilmeade, I'm sorry, that's to the viewers. Tyler Fischer, amazing comedian. And of course, the great Kat Timpf. That's tonight at 10:00 p.m.PERINO: I can't wait. Jesse.WATTERS: PBD podcast, Patrick Bet-David. I was over on that this weekend. There you are. You can go check that out on YouTube, Spotify, Apple.PERINO: What were you drinking?GUTFELD: I watched it.WATTERS: You did?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Well, that's a great weekend for you then, Greg. Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Trump is the solar eclipse.PERINO: Oh, yes.FORD JR.: Congrats on being number one. I said it earlier.WATTERS: Thank you very much.PIRRO: Yes, we're so happy.GUTFELD: He feels guilty.PERINO: Judge, you want to go?PIRRO: No, I'll wait until tomorrow.PERINO: You want to wait. Harold, do you want to go?FORD JR.: I do not. It's going to be a great game tonight. Who do you got?PERINO: So -- oh yes.GUTFELD: I'm watching Fox. I don't know what you're doing, Harold.PIRRO: Oh, yes.PERINO: Who's playing? I don't know. All right, that's it for us, everybody. Have a great night.