BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Special Report. The TikTok bill is moving forward despite heavy lobbying. We'll bring you that. Remember if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Jury of your fears. Yes, that's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now together the names Bragg and Merchan sound like a slip and fall firm, you know the kind that lives off filing personal injury claims, workers comp cases against alleged wrongdoers. But what we're learning today shows us that Bragg and Merchan should be the ones on the defensive here, because both seem intent on inflicting harm, harm against Trump, and harm against the faith that we supposed to have in our justice system.Now, if you're wondering why in our almost 250-year history, we hadn't ever put a president or a former president on trial. The comments from dismissed jurors should answer the question.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I couldn't be impartial. Our job as a juror, right, is to be impartial, like to be unbiased.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you feel like the people that you're speaking with in that jury room that you sat with all day on Tuesday that they can put together a fair and impartial jury, because of that sense of duty? Do you think that's possible?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm not sure about that. Everybody has biases, and you know, you know, stereotypes in their mind. So, you have to be really deep and fair person, which is very hard to do, right?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, of course, it's very hard to do. And if it were Joe Biden on trial for let's say, money laundering, and a case filed by some Republican D.A. and I don't know, Mississippi. Democrats would be making the same argument that in a red state where Democrats are endangered species, when so much is on the line in this election finding an unbiased jury is next to impossible.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I was shocked. I was sitting on the second row, like six feet away and when I realized that Trump is there, I was like, oh, wow, I couldn't believe it. Everybody was shocked. Everybody was frozen. Not like frozen, no expressions, nothing. We were all, you know. He looked less orange. Definitely, like more yellowish. He doesn't look angry, or I think he looks bored like he wants this to finish.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, they started off the day going in the wrong direction with the jury selection going from seven jurors to five, dismissing two who had already been chosen. But then seven additional jurors were seated, making it a full jury. They have one alternate, and the goal is to get five more, whether any of those jurors may be dismissed or step aside tomorrow is anyone's guess. Now even the press jabbering about this case concedes how problematic this is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's just speaks to the difficulty of this task.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Nothing is normal about this case,UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Laying out there in real-time, and folks are even being questioned on the spot in front about Donald Trump about some of those social media posts. It's very transparent here that this is a difficult process that is playing out.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, then there was this caller from inside the courtroom. According to a producer inside, after the juror leaves, Judge Merchan stood at the bench speaking with the parties. He looks very annoyed. When they come back on the record, the judge announces that juror number four is being excused.Now remember, as this goes on, Judge Merchan, a Democrat donor is considering Bragg's motion to hold Trump in contempt of court for violating that ridiculous unconstitutional gag order, and his Truth Social posts related to two of the known witnesses in the trial. And by the way, Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels are the people.Well, today prosecutors said Trump violated the gag order more than seven times. Well, of course, Cohen can go on cable news, he can trash Trump with impunity, but Trump, a defendant facing jail time. He can't respond. Yes, that's totally fair. But that is just one of the many mind-blowing aspects of this case. Today, Judge Merchan, after we lost one juror directed the press to refrain from writing about anything you observe with your eyes.Right. Does this mean that if a reporter sees a juror rolling her eyes when Trump's attorney gets up to object to something that that reporter can't disclose the eye rolling in his reporting that something he sees with his eyes after all. Would that qualify as jury tampering if Trump mentioned that eye rolling without identifying the juror by name?Now, one would think that our press would strenuously object to overbroad orders by this judge, given that it implicates their First Amendment rights, the right to freedom of the press, but no, instead, the media for the most part are falling right in line behind Merchan and keeping their eye on the prize, putting Trump in jail,(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM O'BRIEN, BLOOMBERG OPINION SENIOR EXECUTIVE EDITOR: Precisely because he's an ex-president and not actually go lightly because he's an ex- president.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.O'BRIEN: But it's even more incumbent on the court and this process to hold Trump accountable. And I don't think -- I don't think fines are going to do it. I think he needs to sit in a cell and ponder the consequences of trying to routinely undermine the rule of law and judiciary, while also intimidating all of these average citizens who are part of this process. He should be put in a cell and contemplate his behavior.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But it's clear that the regime media is not entirely comfortable where this might end up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Juror number two.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: An investment banker has a Master's, he follows Trump's Truth Social posts, he also follows Michael Cohen on Twitter. And he's also read The Art of the Deal. The fact that he has Truth Social is interesting. Now, I'm on Truth Social, but I'm a journalist and I need to keep track of what Donald Trump is saying. The fact that that a common person folk, real person, citizen has Truth Social, would that be an alarm for you?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Remember, it takes only one individual saying not guilty beyond a reasonable doubt to hang a jury. One is all Trump needs. Could it be that investment banker? Could it be the fly fisherman juror? But remember that one also likes yoga? Well, you can't really tell, right? Look, this entire process is absurd, taking all these people, these prospective jurors and the jurors were seated away from their work complicating their lives unnecessarily.The money being spent on security and court personnel. And of course, the press and the Biden campaign, though they love the fact that all of this that Bragg's entire case has already drained millions of dollars from Donald Trump. The GOP's presumptive presidential nominee.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm supposed to be in New Hampshire. I'm supposed to be in Georgia. I'm supposed to be in North Carolina, South Carolina, I'm supposed to be a lot of different places campaigning. But I've been here all day on a drought, it really is a very unfair job.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And that's the point, isn't it? Keep Trump off the trail, keep him bogged down shelling out money as Biden goes out and raises hundreds of millions from billionaires. That's the style of unequal politicized justice that we should all expect in the coming years. If Bragg, Fani Willis, and Jack Smith are allowed to wage their not-so-subtle campaign of election interference. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Sol Weisenberg, former Independent Counsel, Fox News Contributor, and David Schoen, former Trump Impeachment Lawyer. Sol, what the surrogates for the Biden campaign who passed themselves off as objective lawyers, what they're now urging is this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GLENN KIRSCHNER, FORMER ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY: What I say is safety first. The law actually has a vehicle to hold the dangerous pretrial defendant accountable. And it's called pretrial detention. But when the fines come, the judges will generally say and I promise you, Mr. Defendant, if you do it again for a third time, you're going into a jail cell. I have a hard time imagining Donald Trump making it through this trial without landing in a jail cell.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Wow. So...(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Look at those cackling, cackling people on the panel. Sol, your reaction to that. They're salivating over the prospect of pretrial detention, to detention jail for contempt of court.SOL WISENBERG, FORMER DEPUTY INDEPENDENT COUNSEL: Well, that was Glenn Kirschner, you showed certainly the most lunatic of the lunatic fringe of Left-wing commentators who's been contra Trump from the very beginning. But I don't think it's very likely that he's going to be put in in jail. And that would be an interesting federalism question what it would -- would the Secret Service let them do that, Laura? I don't know.But I also want to mention that some of my favorite Right-wing kooks are into yoga. So, you never know about that fly fisherman.INGRAHAM: Yes.WISENBERG: He's going to be OK.INGRAHAM: Well, today on CNN, David, they were discussing the same idea. Now this was percolating all day long because they were talking about the threats to the jury. And I don't remember, hearing about that during the Kyle Rittenhouse investigation, they were never worried about that process. But this idea of again, what they're really focused on is Trump behind bars. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Put him in jail.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Same time.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe is that what you're saying?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why not? That's exactly what I'm saying, Jim. I mean, look, yes, I get he's a former president, I get there are Secret Service, I get this case is like no other. But if you're going to have someone completely flouting the rules of the court, how else are you going to maintain decorum? How else are you going to maintain respect? How else you're going to conduct the trial if you don't have consequences?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: David, they're really urging Judge Merchan not to go what they consider to be easy on Trump for this contempt issue. What do you think will happen given this push by them, again, to put him behind bars during this trial?DAVID SCHOEN, FORMER TRUMP IMPEACHMENT ATTORNEY: Merchan is someone who in my view, lives to please these sort of folks, and he loves to exert his power. He's a very insecure sort of guy, and he's a bully, in my experience with him. So, he'll try to do it if he thinks he can get away with it and be a hero. But it's so abusive. I mean, these folks, including criminal defense lawyers are cheering on the contempt process, and so on.When, as you have pointed out, Michael Cohen gets to speak freely. They say these horrible things, and any defendant ought to be able to respond to that along speaking indictment in this case, playing out charges that everybody can download. But Trump's not allowed to speak. But I think the thing you pointed out earlier is one of the most dangerous Merchan literally ordered the press not to report on anything that they see that denies the defendant his constitutional right to a public trial and the public's independent right to a public trial. These are fundamental to our Constitution, and to fair trial rights.INGRAHAM: Yes. Sol, what of that? Because that narrative was building again, all day long that it's safety first, the jury has to be protected. Of course, no one wants any intimidation of a juror ever. That's completely illegal and wrong. But saying that you can't report what you see about what the jury is doing. What does that mean?WISENBERG: It's completely and unequivocally unconstitutional for him to do that. And then a normal case, you know, the press intervenes all the time, Laura.INGRAHAM: Right.WISENBERG: It would be in there saying this is outrageous. They do it with gag orders. So, I wonder if we'll see that here. The prosecutor, one of the prosecutors there, Steinglass told the panel that this -- Donald Trump is like any other defendant in any other case, but no other defendant and that includes, of course, a political defendant would be charged with what he's been charged with.The prosecutor also said this case is about the rule of law and whether Donald Trump flouted it. It's about the perversion of law by this Manhattan D.A.'s office.INGRAHAM: Sol and David, this continues to unfold tomorrow. Thank you both. Now, Biden has his own style of campaigning, and it's been developing over the last week. He's trying to find his mojo on the trail. Well, brand new swing state polls just out. We'll tell you what they say, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Of course, President Harry Truman had his whistlestop tour and Bill Clinton his famous bus tour with Al Gore and now Joe Biden has kicked off his gas station tour. Today marked his second visit to a pump and go in two days. After seeing the reception that he got, well, maybe he's running on empty.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: How are you doing, man? I've got to check out one thing. What kind of drinks do you have? How about, how about a milkshake, black and white? I'm going to go get a milkshake.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The crowds were overwhelming. Of course, this was in stark contrast to the hero's welcome that Trump got in Harlem on Tuesday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD: Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. We love Trump. We love Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: For the first time in a long time, people are beginning to wonder if Trump could begin to make real inroads among minority voters. Now winning in New York, that would be incredible and really hard. But something is happening out there. New polling shows us why Biden is spending so much time in Pennsylvania, a state he won by just over 1 percent last time. According to a brand-new Fox News polling. he and Trump are running neck and neck there, ditto for Wisconsin. But Trump leads in Georgia by six, Michigan by three.Joining me now Mollie Hemingway, Editor-in-Chief of The Federalist; Byron York, Washington Examiner, Chief Political Correspondent, both are Fox News Contributors. Mollie, I think Democrats believe that having Trump on the sidelines for several weeks would really, really wound him politically and we'll see how it how it goes. Could this end up having the opposite effect? We're just reminding everyone day-after-day he's fighting the machine and the machines trying to grind him up.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, EDITOR-IN-CHIEF, THE FEDERALIST: Yes, clearly, the Democrat strategy was to secure a quick and easy conviction in any one of a number of trials and also that that would keep Trump off of, off of campaigning, it's a really good strategy. I should have -- it should be working so much better than it is, it is a real serious harm that they are keeping him off the campaign trail.But one thing we've seen with the Trump campaign is that they're overcoming obstacles really well. You don't hear a lot about drama inside the campaign. And you also see that these numbers that he has are not what you'd expect, when Biden and other Democrats are working so hard to imprison or bankrupt their political opponent,INGRAHAM: Byron, the dead heat numbers in Pennsylvania, what do you make of those given again, it was very close last time. But this is Philadelphia, you can just -- you can bet that every old person and a senior center is going to, you know, have a ballot picked up and dropped in the latest Dropbox, all across Philadelphia. So that's a given. But is the Trump team ready for what the Democrats are going to unleash?BYRON YORK, CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT, THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Well, Pennsylvania has disappointed Republicans a lot in the past, except in 2016, when Donald Trump broke down the blue wall and actually won there, but it is always really, really close. And you're right, I mean, Joe Biden actually went to Philadelphia today, which is like, he's not going to lose Philadelphia, but you got to run up the vote in Philadelphia, however, you can do it.So, you can overcome Trump's advantage in Western Pennsylvania. But I think you're going to see more and more and more of this. Now, on the Fox News polls, you know, you -- Fox -- Trump's lead in Georgia is bigger and stronger than it seems it's ever been. And Michigan is a major problem for him. And it's not Israel-Palestinian thing. It's not -- it's electric cars, where it appears that the Biden Administration is trying to destroy the economy part of the state, and that's going to help Trump a lot.INGRAHAM: OK, Mollie, we've heard a lot about the youth vote, and Biden's going to mobilize all these celebrities again to pull the youth vote back into the fold. Well, very interesting stuff going around. Harvard pollster is breaking down what the youth vote looks like this time. Now remember, Biden won the youth vote last time by 25 points. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN DELLA VOLPE, DIRECTOR OF POLLING, HARVARD UNIVERSITY INSTITUTE OF POLITICS: Younger people, as we know they're angry, they're stressed. They think the country in large part is headed in the wrong direction. But you know what, at the end of the day, they're voting for Joe Biden. It has been a myth; I think that Donald Trump is making significant inroads here. I'm not sure I'm seeing that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, it's -- he's eroded from 25 points to 8 points. They're not seeing that.HEMINGWAY: We're seeing in polls that Trump is doing well with demographics that he wasn't doing as well with four years ago. But one thing I would caution Republicans on is that Democrats are doing a very good job with understanding that elections are won by moving ballots into ballot boxes. And so, President Biden has used his federal agencies, he's giving them taxpayer funding to help get out the vote with demographics.INGRAHAM: Explain that for the viewers, how they pull that off, it was brilliant.HEMINGWAY: Yes. So, they're using federal agencies to help run get out the vote efforts that could be voter registration or voter turnout, but they're targeting it toward demographics that tend to vote Democrat --INGRAHAM: And we're paying for it.HEMINGWAY: -- and so -- and the education department is a great example of this. So, whereas it used to be considered that that was inappropriate electioneering to use taxpayer fund to be involved in this type of activity, Biden's saying that's no problem, use taxpayer funds to help me win again. And so, Republicans should not take comfort in the fact that, obviously, the mood of the country is one that is not excited about Joe Biden, because Democrats still understand that to win, you get the ballots in the ballot box. And so, Republicans need to put that same energy into ballots into ballot box and not just take comfort in the polling.INGRAHAM: All right, Mollie. Byron, thank you both. Great to have you both on. All right, a striking amount. A number of outages have been plaguing our nation. What type of outages? What is this all about? The Angle investigates, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: I remember when America as the world's sole superpower was known to have the most sophisticated technology on the planet, our infrastructure, our security systems, they were the envy of the world. But last night four states were hit with 911 outages. The latest in a series of bizarre disruptions of essential service. Fox's Senior National Correspondent, Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin, what can you tell us?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Laura, quite a story here. So far, law enforcement officials say there is no indication that the outages across four states were actually caused by some sort of a cyber- attack or other malicious act.However, and this is important, the outage that hit Nevada, South Dakota, and Nebraska didn't have the very same issues that caused problems in, say, Texas, to say nothing of another one over in Hawaii. That according to Lumen Technologies, which said some of its customers experienced an outage when a third-party company physically cut their fiber while installing a light pole. The FCC, of course, is investigating.And if the outages are beginning to sound awfully commonplace, well, there may be a reason for that, as several large companies, including AT&T, Verizon, McDonald's, and Facebook, to say nothing of Instagram, have all been hit with recent outages, prompting federal investigations.Worse yet, several air carriers have been slammed by outages. We're talking about hundreds of flights being delayed, ground stoppages, stranding thousands in the process. And in some cases, yes, there were lines that were intentionally cut. In other cases, well, they remain under investigation.This, of course, is intensifying not just the scrutiny, but also intensifying the looks from regulators and congressional lawmakers as well, Laura.INGRAHAM: Very disturbing. Kevin, thank you so much.CORKE: You bet.INGRAHAM: All right. Joining me now is Missouri Senator Josh Hawley. Senator, you know, we don't have any idea whether any of these disruptions are in any way connected, related, but how does this show how vulnerable some of our critical infrastructure really is here?SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Incredibly vulnerable. Odd to say this, Laura. It just strikes me that more and more, nothing really works in America anymore. I mean, our roads are falling apart. Our bridges are falling down right in front of our eyes. Pieces of airplanes are falling out of the sky. Now we've got these outages.And yet, at the same time, the Congress of the United States and the president, what do they want to do? Spend hundreds of billions of dollars more on foreign wars, use tax dollars to subsidize Chinese industry, electric vehicles, paying the Chinese to make stuff we don't want, whereas our country or while our country is falling apart.I mean, if ever this was the moment to say, wake up and start investing in America, it would be right now.INGRAHAM: Now, the GW Parkway, which is one of the major arteries into D.C., they have ripped that up. Senator, this is just one little example that affects millions of people in the course of a week in the nation's capital, the DMV, Virginia area.It takes like an hour and 15 minutes to get what used to take 25 minutes. And this is going to go on for, they tell us, years, and it's not clear what they're even doing. It's like four lanes are now one lane on each side.It is an example of total incompetence when the federal government has any involvement in any of this. Thank you, infrastructure bill, wherever the heck it came from.HAWLEY: Yeah, you know, it used to be, Laura, that our government could at least do some basic stuff. You know, I mean, we -- after all, we did send a man to the moon. You know, now, I mean, we couldn't do that today if we tried.The government is so incompetent. Things are falling apart all around us. And what does Joe Biden want to do? Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine. We got to send more money to other people's wars. We got to secure their borders.My message is, rebuild America. I mean, it needs it. We need it. Our people deserve it. That ought to be our focus.INGRAHAM: And by the way, Senator, the FBI director, Christopher Wray, again warned about this coming threat from China. And they're sending tens of thousands of people. Oh, sorry, they're arriving across our border, tens of thousands of Chinese nationals. But watch Wray today at Vanderbilt.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We found persistent PRC access in our critical telecommunications, energy, water and other infrastructure sectors. They were hiding inside our networks using tactics known as living off the land.All of this with the goal of giving the Chinese government the ability to wait for just the right moment to deal a devastating blow.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And regular people watching this think they have tens of thousands or more agents now in the United States. I mean, it's a reasonable thing to conclude that we have Chinese agents now in the country by the thousands.HAWLEY: Twenty-six thousand Chinese nationals have come across the southern border, Laura, just since October. Twenty-six thousand since October. I mean, yeah, our border is wide open. It's wide open to the Chinese. It's wide open to everybody.And in terms of China, this administration, let's not forget, is literally paying China, paying Chinese manufacturers to make electric vehicles we don't want and sell them back at us at a huge price upgrade, a huge, a huge markup, all while mandating we buy them.I mean, it is insane. It is literally the deliberate bankrupting of this country, making China rich and America poor, while everything falls down, everything falls down around us. It's insane. It's time to get focused on America.INGRAHAM: Are you buying the Biden populist routine? He's trying to pull off the gas stations. I mean, no one's really clapping for him. But he's going to these gas stations saying, hi, I'll have a burrito. And he's doing that and just trying to show everybody that he's an everyman.But just on the issue of your gas-powered car, your gasoline prices, food prices, Trump just campaigns on that and the border. I mean, I don't -- and also got to get people to the polls. But these are just the bread-and- butter issues of America today.HAWLEY: Oh, exactly. The question is, do you want to have a country or not? I mean, that's really -- that's the question before us this year. Do you want to have a nation or not? If you can't pay for gas, if you can't pay for food, if you can't build anything in this country, you don't have a country. That's what we're down to now.Joe Biden, he'd be happy if we bought everything from China, our energy, our food, you name it. It's crazy. He wants to dismantle the country. He's trying to do it. He's well along the way. We've got to stop it. And that is what this is about. Rebuilding the United States of America.INGRAHAM: Yeah. And pull back the essential pharmaceuticals while we're at it. Did we learn nothing during Covid? Bring it back home. Senator, you're a leader in this. Thank you.All right. Young people are filled with this odd rage and resentment today, and their teachers have become collateral damage. Shocking video from one horrific attack, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now, the kids aren't all right. Now it should shock no one that things are spiraling out of control in our schools after being fed a constant diet of racial resentment and anger spooned out by left-wing celebrities and even the Biden White House. Some of our young people feel justified in taking out their rage on anyone that rubs them the wrong way. Warning. This scene at a North Carolina high school is jarring.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: One more time.(BLEEP)UNKNOWN: You think that affected me anyway? You want me to hit you again?UNKNOWN: I don't want it.UNKNOWN: You want me to hit you again?UNKNOWN: I don't want it.UNKNOWN: You want me to hit you again?(BLEEP)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That student was arrested and charged as a juvenile with assault on a government official and communicating threats. All misdemeanors. Joining me now is Jack Brewer, ordained minister, founder of the Jack Brewer Foundation, former NFL player. Jack, why are -- it's mostly young men, but not all. Why are so many of them resorting to this type of cruelty, obviously, disrespect to elders and violence?JACK BREWER, ORDAINED MINISTER: It's tough to watch. You know, I work with young men every day and this is a direct result of a fatherless nation combined with a school system that has removed God. And it's so unfortunate to see this, because I think back when I grew up, I grew up as a football player, you know, in school. I would have beat this kid up myself if he had been in a class with me and punching a woman. Don't forget, this was a female teacher and a male student.And so, to think that we have a society now where we've uplifted the baby mama that raises a kid without a dad and made that seem cool and popular, and now all of a sudden, we have kids that are completely lawless. And this is happening all over the country. We really have to do something.And the United States of America is the most fatherless nation on the earth at this time. And this is the direct result of that, Laura.INGRAHAM: Well, we reached out for comment from the school district and here was a statement. This behavior will not be tolerated. At no time is it acceptable for students to put their hands on a teacher. My focus now is on making sure that our teacher is taken care of and has the support needed to navigate through the lasting effects of this incident.More bureaucratic gobbledygook, Jack. The superintendent also said that she's recommending expulsion for the student. I should hope so, expulsion. That kid should be hit with a felony assault charge.You want kids to stop doing this? Guess what? You do this again you go to jail for automatic four years in federal prison or state prison for this. All right. Misdemeanor? Be back in class whacking another teacher in two weeks.BREWER: That's exactly what's going to happen. And it's happening over and over again in our society where we have these criminals, and that's what he is, he's a criminal, that they're not being rehabilitated. The parents aren't held accountable.These parents should be held accountable. They should be forced to go take anger management classes with their child. They should have to pay fines. And these people should have to really face justice and it's not happening.I teach in prisons and jails across the United States of America. I teach rehabilitation programs to some of the most-angriest men on the planet. And if you don't get this at the root, if you don't address these things right now and continue to be so soft on crime, that we're making our nation just become dangerous for all of our society.INGRAHAM: Well, remember, during the whole summer of love, young people saw -- individuals celebrated for committing acts of violence, cruelty, ripping down statues, America's this and that. Racist.So that was celebrated by our society and by our political leadership, many in our political leadership. So, the point is, we don't just have young men doing this to women. We have people videoing in the classroom. No one is coming to her aid, as you said. And they're capturing it for their social media feed. That is how twisted life has become.BREWER: It's sick. They separate separated us between race, Laura, and this is all by design. Unfortunately, we can't overcome the sins of our past, right? But what we can do is we can move forward.They don't preach unity anymore, Laura. You don't. They're not teaching these kids to love people because of the context of their character. That has completely vanished from our school system.And that is the reason why we need God back in our schools, Laura. They don't teach the love of Christ.INGRAHAM: We need parents.BREWER: They don't -- they won't say --INGRAHAM: We need parents to be parents, not their buddies, but parents. And obviously --BREWER: Whole parents are accountable.INGRAHAM: Yeah. A lack of spirituality and God everywhere, everywhere in our society. Jack, thank you so much.Remember Biden love condemning what happened in Charlottesville, but not a peep about what's happening at Columbia University. So, UVA versus Columbia, huh? I think I might know why. The silence, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Shame on you. Shame on you.(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: The people united will never be defeated. The people united will never be defeated.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, more than a hundred anti-Israel protesters were arrested today at Columbia University after setting up, what you saw in that video, were encampments on the lawn and causing just total chaos over the school's ties to Israel.Fox's CB Cotton is live from just outside campus with all the details. CB, what can you tell us?CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Laura. Good evening. Officers in riot gear and NYPD correctional buses are both on standby after you just saw that chaotic evening here at Columbia University. But this show of force, Laura, has not been enough to stop these anti-Israel protests from continuing through the night.Earlier, we watched as officers took more than 100 students into custody. They were put into zip ties and taken on those NYPD correctional buses. Some students even had to be carried out by officers.One student said on social media, she broke this down for everybody and said, as this happened, officers would walk past students who would jokingly thank the officer for his or her service and then proceed to call that officer a bootlicker. That is just a taste of what the NYPD had to deal with out here.This all happened after Columbia University's president, Minouche Shafik, told the university she authorized officers to come in because these students had been warned multiple times that they would face repercussions.We've confirmed that Representative Ilhan Omar's daughter, a squad member, she was also detained. And according to some reports, she has been suspended. And we're told that all the students who participated in this encampment are also suspended, which means they risk not being able to complete their coursework on time.But according to social media, these organizers say they do not care. They were willing to take that risk. And again, those students were camped out on campus for more than 20 hours.The NYPD is certainly working overtime to keep things contained out here this evening. Several times we see protesters try to make their way into the streets and officers have to pull them back and keep them on the sidewalk. It is just an absolute mess, Laura.INGRAHAM: Wow. CB, thank you. All right. The arrested protesters were taken downtown where we find our own Alexis McAdams. Alexis, what can you tell us?ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Laura. Why would it take you a little bit closer to what we're seeing here downtown. We're right in front of the NYPD, rather, headquarters. I'm going to step off so you can kind of see.You can see the officers right here and this large crowd of people that's just been growing and growing for the past few hours are all demanding for those Columbia students who were taken into custody over there in the Upper West Side to be released.And then take a look here as they start to get excited. Why? It's because more students are now being released from NYPD custody. They have been charged with trespassing of what we know so far.So, they're excited because they say now, they're going to leave here, Laura, and get right back onto the streets of New York City to continue their protesting, whether it's, hey, at the campus at Columbia University, or if it's across the streets of New York where the mayor says they are expecting more protests here in the Big Apple.We want to get you a little bit closer here so we can kind of see these students here, Laura, walking out. You can see they still have some of their belongings in their hands and they are walking as well. So, you can see here people are coming out. We're going to pause here and listen in.MCADAMS: How are you guys feeling about being released?UNKNOWN: I'm keeping on to this when I get out.MCADAMS: OK. People aren't really wanting to talk to us out here. But they are excited to be out of police custody. They say they are going to continue here with that movement.But just a short time ago, the mayor of New York City was talking about how some of the things that were said to the NYPD officers were so vile. He said it needs to be a teaching moment for people at these campuses across the country. They were calling those officers horrible names while they were just trying to get those protesters out of the area.But we'll continue to keep a close eye on the action down here. We'll see if anybody wants to talk to us as they come out, Laura.INGRAHAM: Hey Alexis, we've been seeing some reporting on the funding that some of these protesters are receiving. It doesn't cost that much to go from Columbia, downtown, it takes maybe a half hour more in traffic.But any word on this, like what's behind this other than obviously a lot of hatred toward Israel and pro-Hamas sentiment?MCADAMS: Yeah, no word yet on any funding specifically. These people were taken down for free from the NYPD, Laura, right there on the bus. They didn't have to pay for a ride down.But they are paying, you know, tons of money, right, to go to these schools. Columbia, academically, is a great school to go to.Can you talk to us just about it? Okay, people don't want to talk. But we're going to come a little bit closer here and see if we can get anybody to talk.Do you guys -- anybody want to talk about why people --UNKNOWN: -- leave at this point because you're harassing people and you're being disruptive and you're in the way.(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: I understand. Can you please just leave? Thank you.MCADAMS: No problem. So, we'll keep an eye on what's going on down here, Laura.INGRAHAM: Wait, Alexis, that moment that just occurred, I know you're there just trying to report on it, you're not commenting, you're just reporting on what's happening. And you were told by another individual who may or may not be a Columbia University student or connected to the university that you don't have a right to be there standing on a public Street in New York City to report? Really?MCADAMS: I guess not. I know, we'll have to see. They have a right to protest, so for sure, all across campus and interrupt a lot of things. But yeah, they don't want us here at this time.INGRAHAM: Well, Alexis, the encampment at Columbia with the tents and so forth, that violates a number of university rules. They can't camp like that. It's not allowed. But any sense that they're going to try to resume that once some of these protesters go back uptown to Columbia? Will they try to resume that type of protest, if any of them will talk to you?MCADAMS: Yeah. Well, they might not tell me, but earlier we were actually in the NYPD command center and they were already from the drone kind of looking down at that campus in that square where they had just removed those encampments.About an hour later, you know, they were trying to put those tents back up. They also said they had a makeshift, you know, shelter set up. They were trying to put in temporary bathrooms, so they were there to stay.They're going to be back as the weather maybe gets a little bit nicer out to next week. The NYPD is going to be on high alert. They believe these people are going to be back on campus and all across the city, Laura.INGRAHAM: Well, temporary bathrooms, who's paying for that? Is the university putting up temporary bathrooms at a protest that they basically declared to be contrary to university rules? That's what I'm saying. Who's paying for the tents? Who's paying for the bathrooms? I mean, all of this.MCADAMS: Yeah, we'll have to find out. I'll ask them again, see if they tell me.INGRAHAM: All right, Alexis, go try to make some friends in that crowd. Stay safe, my friend. Great to see you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Charlottesville is also home to a defining moment for this nation in the last few years. We saw Klansmen and white supremacists and neo-Nazis come out in the open. Their crazed faces, illuminated by torches, veins bulging, chanting the same anti-Semitic bile heard across Europe in the 30's.That's why today I'm announcing my candidacy for President of the United States.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, anti-Semitism running rampant on college campuses under Biden. He was condemning Charlottesville, but why isn't he condemning this? Or is he worried about votes? Joining me now, Izzy Karten, Columbia University student and a pro-Israel activist.Izzy, these are wild times at your university. What's your message to President Biden tonight and other Democrats who condemned what they saw at Charlottesville, but so far silence here?ISIDORE KARTEN, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY STUDENT: I asked all of them, where are you guys? Where are you right now? On our campus, which is supposed to be a place of freedom, liberty, freedom of speech, they're using this freedom of speech for hate speech. From the river to the sea, just got classified by the House of Representatives as hate speech.Why are they allowed to chant like this? What are these deep same similarities that we see from Nazi Germany? I was recently hosting an event with a Holocaust survivor who said, don't call Hamas, Nazis. They're much worse than Nazis. What they did on October 7th, much, much, much worse. So, where is he right now? Where is he?INGRAHAM: Izzy, sorry you got cut short. We had some technical problems earlier but thank you for joining us. We're going to cover this, continue to cover it. And Jesse Watters takes it all from here.