PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS HOST: We name names and expose the truth and the depth of the leftist takeover. "The War on Warriors" is available for preorder right now and will hit bookshelves June 4th.Thank you for watching this Special Edition of "The Ingraham Angle." JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME takes it from here.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME. Tonight - -(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Are these the cannibals that ate Biden's uncle?("TRADING PLACES" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BILLY RAY VALENTINE, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: This is nice, I like this.You know, what I like most about my place, Randy? The curtains, man. Look at the curtains. It is beautiful the way I got this place set up.WATTERS: Models now leaving California. Thanks, homeless.JEFFREY MAGGI, NYPD CHIEF OF DEPARTMENT: We observed a male walk into the park and then he pulls out a canister and poured some kind of liquid on himself and he lights himself on fire.WATTERS: A man goes up in flames in New York City.Plus --("SIXTEEN CANDLES" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)RANDY, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Last night at the dance, my little brother paid a buck to see your underwear.SAMANTHA BAKER, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: (Screams)WATTERS: In 1961, the heir to an American dynasty, Michael Rockefeller disappeared. Whatever happened to Rockefeller is still a mystery to this day. His last whereabouts, swimming towards the coast of Papua New Guinea after waves toppled his vessel.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mike Rockefeller was aboard a double hull canoe with a Dutch anthropologist called Rene Wassing. They were trying to go up the island and river.Rockefeller very badly wanted to try to swim ashore after all the two men from Agats had made it and he wanted to have a go.He saw him swimming away, it appeared -- it sure appeared to be three miles away, but he couldn't be quite sure. That was the last he saw of Michael Rockefeller.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The theory for some time has been that Rockefeller was eaten, not by sharks by cannibals. To this day, historians believe this photo of a White man running with a cannibal tribe may have been Michael Rockefeller. Last year, PRIMETIME spoke to a Rockefeller investigator who paid a visit to the tribe of cannibals.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: According to Asmat cosmology and culture carried a sacred obligation to reciprocate to kill somebody from the tribes that had killed their people. And Michael Rockefeller, unfortunately swam up to a group of men from Otsjanep on the morning of November 21, 1961, and he was -- he was dispatched.It's a mysterious story, and Joe Biden has always been a storyteller. Usually, he is stealing stories from the Kennedys, Hubert Humphrey, British diplomats, but he's never plagiarized a Rockefeller. That is until now.This week, Biden told us cannibals ate his uncle in New Guinea.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My uncle -- they called him-- Ambrose -- "Brosie," they called him "Bosie." My Uncle Bosie was a hell of an athlete, they tell me, when he was a kid. And he became an Army Air Corps, before the Air Force came along. He flew those single-engine planes as reconnaissance over war zones.And he got shot down in New Guinea, and they never found the body because there used to be -- there were a lot of cannibals, for real, in that part of New Guinea.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: PRIMETIME still can't get over the story. The Pentagon called Biden a liar. The truth, Uncle Bosie was the passenger in a plane that went down in the Pacific when its engines failed. There was even a survivor who never mentioned anyone being eaten. Binder was asked about it today and said cannibalism is no laughing matter.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Why is President Biden saying that his Uncle Bosie was eaten by cannibals?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president had an emotional and I think a symbolic moment. He had an opportunity as president to honor his uncle's service in uniform, who lost his life when the military aircraft he was on crashed in the Pacific after taking off near New Guinea.DOOCY: Why is he saying that his uncle was eaten by cannibals? That is a bad way to go.JEAN-PIERRE: He lost his life. It's not -- look, we should not make jokes about this.DOOCY: It is not. President Biden said that his Uncle was eaten by cannibals.JEAN-PIERRE: No, no. I mean, your last line, it is for a laugh. It's for a funny -- a funny statement. And he takes this very seriously.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: No one takes this more seriously than New Guinea, diplomatic relations between the United States and New Guinea if now had an all-time low. It turns out, you accuse a country of eating your uncle, they don't take it lightly.Countries have gone to war over much less. Locals on the island say President Biden's story is unacceptable. They say the cannibals wouldn't just eat any White man that fell from the sky.The whole episode just leaves a bad taste in our mouths. One journalist actually visited these tribes and they've never even seen a White guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People have so many questions. People are confused why White people want to come in this community, so we are having a little town hall if you put it that way.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: If Uncle Bosie was eaten 80 years ago, surely, tribal elders passed this history down to the next generation. The Great White Feast, they'd call it.Factcheckers appear to be shy. The Associated Press says Biden is off on details.NBC says Biden has mischaracterized the circumstance.CNN says Biden's account differs from the account provided by the Pentagon.But here is CNN factchecking Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN HOST: We just heard a little speech from Mr. Trump. What do you make of it? Did he say anything that was not true.DANIEL DALE, CNN REPORTER: He did. I mean, it was mostly uncheckable subjective opinion, but he did say a few things that weren't quite right at very least.So he repeated his false conspiracy theory that essentially that Joe Biden is behind this case, which was brought by a locally elected district attorney.He said, Biden is behind it. He has his top people working with the DA's office to make sure everything goes right. There is no basis for that.WATTERS: So when Biden says cannibals ate his uncle, he is just off on the details, and when Trump says Biden's Justice Department is railroading him, it's false.Biden can lie all he wants, bring charges, all he wants, and if Trump takes issue with anything, they'll throw him in jail.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They've taken away my constitutional rights to speak and that includes speaking to you. I have a lot to say to you, and I'm not allowed to say it, and I'm the only one.Everyone else can say whatever they want about me, they can say anything they want, they can continue to make up lies and everything else. They lie. They're real scum.But you know what? I'm not allowed to speak, and I want to be able to speak to the press and everybody else about it, so why am I gagged about telling the truth. I'm only telling the truth, they're not telling the truth.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: This New York trial is going to last two months. That's two months with Trump taken off the trail, and if he says the Biden donating judge or the lying star witness or the crazy DA is corrupt, he violates the gag order and gets jailed.Biden can spew hoaxes, plagiarize Michael Rockefeller, and Trump can't say a thing, or go anywhere, except on Wednesdays and on weekends. And with advantages like that, you'd think Biden would be cruising to re-election. Wrong.Biden world is trying to skip out on the debates. His buddy David Frum, in "The Atlantic" says the Constitution is not debatable. The president does not participate in forums with a person under criminal indictment for his attempt to overthrow the Constitution.Jail your rival, duck debates to save democracy. You know, the real reason Biden doesn't want to debate because Trump's going to say your uncle was eaten by cannibals, huh, Joe?White House Correspondent Peter Doocy joins me now.Are they just eating this up at the White House press room?DOOCY: Jesse, it is not funny.WATTERS: So sorry.DOOCY: It is --WATTERS: I'm sorry.DOOCY: It is a bad way to go.WATTERS: You're right, I am sorry.DOOCY: But you know, the other day, the other day, Wednesday, I'm on the fourth floor of the Union steel workers headquarters in Pittsburgh and President Biden is going through all of his normal lines that he says that he says of these things.Oh, unions built the middle class, and we're going to challenge China and add new tariffs. That's great. And then he gets to the end and he is talking about Uncle Bosie, a new character. And I try to listen to everything that Joe Biden says.WATTERS: Yes.DOOCY: Uncle Bosie is a new character for the re-election. But he says this thing about how they never found his body because he crash landed in an area that there were a lot of cannibals, and the union guys were kind of looking around like, that is a crazy story. Wow.But it does not seem like it is true and I'm really surprised when I asked in the press room today. People were laughing about it. But again, not a joke. That is a --WATTERS: I am sorry.DOOCY: That would be a terrible way to die.WATTERS: Yes, the worst.DOOCY: But I assumed that they were going to say something like, well, Joe Biden was told this when he was a little kid. It's part of Biden family lore. He thought it was true.We checked with the Pentagon, not true, but instead, they did not say that and because the Uncle Bosie storyline is part of this thing that Trump likes to talk a lot about, this "Atlantic" article from 2020, John Kelly says that he heard Trump calling American war dead from World War Two suckers and losers. Biden tells that story all the time, so it is entirely possible that we will hear this story again and again and again as we go.WATTERS: You know, you're right about the characters. He will introduce a corn pop or black Somali or CHOP Somali, I forget which one it is and these will become reoccurring characters in the theme of Joe Biden's life.You can't introduce Uncle Bosie eaten by cannibals, like 10 minutes before this election is about to start? I mean, do you think that he got this from the Michael Rockefeller legend? Because this just doesn't come out of nowhere.DOOCY: If I had to guess, somebody -- so we're in Scranton to start the day on Wednesday, and he's at the War Memorial. He sees uncle Ambrose Finnegan's name etched into the War Memorial and I'm sure a lot of memories from his whole childhood start coming back.Somebody told him at some point that this happened. I don't know if it was meant as a joke. I don't know if that is just what they came up with to tell the kids when their uncle, a war hero passed away, but it was just right there and he said it twice on Wednesday.And now, it has made its way all the way to Papua New Guinea, where the quote is a political science professor told "The Daily Mail," cannibalism is very specific. They wouldn't just eat any White man that fell from the sky.WATTERS: You've got to recall the ambassador after a diplomatic breach such as that. Please do me a favor, though.DOOCY: And I would --WATTERS: Doocy, you've got to ask the president about Uncle Bosie. I know you don't have a lot of time. You never get a lot of opportunities, but I don't care --DOOCY: Jesse, Jesse, I went to the Marine One departure today. I have what the Defense POW MIA Accounting Agency said and I had his comment. I was ready to ask him why he thinks that this is the case.WATTERS: Don't let this go.DOOCY: We will try again on Monday.WATTERS: Doocy, do not let this go. I don't care if something happens with Iran.DOOCY: This is, I was walking through the airport .WATTERS: Ukraine, Russia --DOOCY: . the other day, this is the first thing people.WATTERS: You've got to get this in at some point. Do it for us. Do it for Uncle Bosie. It's all right. It's about --DOOCY: The rest of the press corps may move on.WATTERS: Respect.DOOCY: We will not. We will not. We will never move on. We will never forget Uncle Bosie.Doocy, have a great weekend.DOOCY: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Our next guest visited the tribes of Papua New Guinea and has exclusive insight on what cannibalism is all about.Gino Pop joins us. So Gino, when you went there? Are they still practicing cannibalism?GINO POP, VISITED TRIBES OF PAPUA NEW GUINEA: Good to see you.Well, I mean, the story is -- you know, they are just stories at this point. They are. I don't think anyone in Papua New Guinea will contest that at some point, there was cannibalism, but now, I mean, nowadays, you know, people just live their lives, just like -- just like you and I, and, you know, the images that we're showing right now. I mean, these people are just doing the festival.It's a festival that, you know, we put on, it's not like they live this on a daily life, right? The costumes and all of the rituals and the traditions they do is something they do for specific events.So yes, I mean, it's a little -- it's a larger story rather than just a cannibalism is this or that.They just don't eat humans.They pretty much used to eat from the stories when I was told when someone died, and it was in context of, they respected that person, so their body won't decompose and so on. Or if, you know, back in the day, hundreds of years ago if an enemy tribe was captured or something like that.WATTERS: All right, so they would eat someone out of respect, or if it was an enemy tribe.POP: Yes, yes, yes. That's what I was told. That's what I was told, yes.WATTERS: Okay, or if it was an enemy, so they weren't eating for hunger, it was a part of a ritual.POP: No, no, no. No.WATTERS: Got it.POP: No, I don't think at any point. That was the case, you know. And, you know, we have Papua New Guinea, and we have New Guinea from Indonesia, where they have the korowai. And, you know, there are multiple, you know, we're talking about an island that has hundreds and hundreds of ethnicities, of hundreds of languages, and even Papua New Guinea, it has 800 -- over 800 languages.And the people, you know, have different customs all throughout. So yes, that's the thing in Papua New Guinea, it is so diverse that you cannot say this happens there. This happens only here. And so on, it's a larger story.WATTERS: Is this something that they're ashamed of? Is this something they accept as a part of their history, cannibalism?POP: Yes, they accept it. I don't know if it is a shame part or anything like that, but yes, I mean everyone is going to tell you, at one point, hundreds of years ago, or even, you know, probably a hundred years ago or so. But yes, I mean, cannibalism does not exist anymore in 2024.WATTERS: Do you think if Uncle Bosie had swam ashore on that fateful day during World War Two, that he might have been a Great White Feast?POP: I'm not sure about that. I mean, it's -- you know, it's stories. At this point, I think, you know, things are just, you know, kept from the past, you know, they do have a really, really interesting way of maintaining their traditions and so on. And, you know, most of the stuff that you will see in Papua New Guinea will be about their dancing, about their community, about their festivities, and so on.No one talks about cannibalism. I mean, at least I didn't just got into conversations with people regarding cannibalism. You know, they were just interesting. People ask, hey, did this happen? You know, they'll tell you what they heard, but there is -- there is no such thing as cannibalism in 2024.WATTERS: Okay. You didn't see their mouths watering as they were interviewed by you.POP: Well, this is the deal. They do eat betel nut, which is a small little nut from a palm tree. And they do make the saliva completely red. Right? So when you see it for the first time, it looks very, very odd because it looks like blood, right?WATTERS: Yes.POP: So most likely, you know, they have a bad reputation because of a lot of coincidences. So yes, anyone in Papua New Guinea --WATTERS: Yes, what a coincidence. What a coincidence. That -- you're a brave man. You're a great adventurer.Gino, thanks for coming on PRIMETIME and sharing your experiences with us and we respect everybody from Papua New Guinea and everybody around the world, whatever ritual they're involved in. Maybe not cannibalism, but anything short of that we respect it.Thank you so much.POP: Thank you for having me. Thank you.WATTERS: Scared to death: Swimsuit models.Plus, The Swamy ahead on PRIMETIME.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: For the next year, the whole world is going to know where Trump is at all times. He has got four trials on the calendar, easy to find out the exact time and date he is walking in and out of courthouses in densely populated cities.The Secret Service is the best in the biz. You know, we're not really worried about the former president's safety, but nothing like this has ever happened before. Trump's presence shuts down city blocks and creates a circus outside.Today, a man lit himself on fire right outside the courthouse, sending people running for their lives. According to the NYPD, the man is 37 from Florida. Before dousing himself in flammable liquid, he threw pamphlets in the air, directing reporters to a website where he railed on about Trump, Hollywood, and other bizarre conspiracy theories.He is still alive in critical condition tonight. It just feels more dangerous than ever out there. A suicidal maniac with lighter fluid got this close to Trump's courthouse today, and Democrats don't seem to care.Today, Bennie Thompson, who was in charge of the Jan 6 Committee proposed a bill that would strip Trump of his Secret Service protection if he is convicted of a felony and sentenced to prison. That means Trump could go to prison without protection.Democrats don't just want Trump in prison, they want him shivved.Vivek Ramaswamy is a former 2024 presidential candidate. Vivek, I mean, they're gagging this guy, they are fining him, mug shot.I mean, people are lighting themselves on fire about what? A hundred yards away from him. How scary is this?VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Look, Jesse, this is downright frightening. You ought to think about this. This system, the swamp will stop at nothing to keep this man out of office. That's what they've made clear.First, they tried to sue him, when that didn't work. They prosecuted him. When that didn't work, they tried to remove him from the ballot. When none of it worked, they are now denying him Secret Service protection.Ask yourself what outcome they're actually rooting for. This is ugly. This is un-American, and I think they're being much more transparent about to what extent they're willing to go to achieve their single-minded objective, and it's disgusting, Jesse, and the best way to protect against bad outcomes is to call that out, which is why we have a responsibility to call this nonsense out nonsense out as we see it.WATTERS: So Joe Biden is going around saying everybody cannibals ate his uncle and no one is factchecking him. They are saying he was off on the details and then Donald Trump can't even say this judge is a donor and then he gets gagged and then thrown in jail. This isn't right, Vivek.RAMASWAMY: Well, the only thing Joe Biden is cannibalizing is the truth in this country, that hypocrisy is now running rampant across the country, and I think it is working against him, Jesse.The more ridiculous these steps get. I know a lot of people who voted for Biden last time around that either are going to stay home or actually come around to voting for Trump this time around.So I think that every step they take is backfiring, and we are setting up for potentially a landslide of historic proportion, 1980, 1984 style outcome. As Reagan did, I think Trump can unite the country because of the red carpet that Biden has rolled out with some combination of his incompetence and his dishonesty.And the people of this country, especially Independents, especially the young people who are starting to see through it and I think it's going to be a good thing.WATTERS: I feel that, too. I see it on the streets, and I can just feel it in my heart. Tell me something that makes me feel more confident besides feelings. Is the RNC, is the Republican Party, are the donors -- are people coalescing? Do they have a ground game? Are they harvesting? Early voting? Tell me what's happening on the ground?RAMASWAMY: So look, I think that the Republican Party has learned from its mistakes of the past to say that we're not going to have the same outcome for that red wave that never came. I think the new party leadership is off to a good start bringing a big focus on saying that you know what, we don't like all of this early voting. We don't like the way the elections are done, maybe.But we've got to compete on the same terms if we are to win, you can't change the rules, unless you win under the current rules and I think there has been a real awakening to that across this party.I'm also seeing that amongst even large supporters, people who you would have never imagined in a hundred years supporting Donald Trump, coming over, even people who have succeeded in this country, businessmen across the board, even people outside of politics, who are saying that you know what, this flailing economy, the open border situation at the south of our border, and worst of all, the lack of stability on the global stage.You had four years of Trump and a lot of business minded people in this country, Jesse, see this as a clear opportunity. You don't usually get to compare the records of two presidents side by side. Usually, you have a challenger who hasn't been the president before.This is a once in a century opportunity where people were able to just objectively assess the facts, and from the donor class all the way to the bottom of grassroots, I think we're seeing a shift that should leave you feeling pretty good that is something we can get.WATTERS: Yes, Biden can't remember four years ago, but everybody else in the country can.Vivek, your confidence makes me confident and that makes me feel good going into this weekend. Have a good one.RAMASWAMY: You, too, man.WATTERS: Models used to flock to California. Now, they're fleeing.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: A massive gun battle broke out at an Atlanta gas station. A guy with an AK-47 opened fire and did not stop. At least four men were involved, almost everybody at the pumps pulling out their pieces and firing.Three bystanders were injured. No one was killed, luckily. So far only one arrest has been made, Darius Morris, and guess what? Perp was out on bond after allegedly being involved in a murder. And he was supposed to be under curfew during this gas station firefight.Darius, Darius. You've got to be home by curfew.PRIMETIME introduced you to the homeless cavemen of Modesto. Tent cities were cramping their style, so they decided to get prehistoric, digging out and furnishing a commune of caves complete with wall decor, furniture, even floor tiles, even a makeshift fireplace with a chimney.PRIMETIME didn't see a problem with it, but the neighbors did.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Those caves go well into the grounds here, what's to stop them from going under the houses next across the street, under my house into my yard.WATTERS: You're saying, they could burrow underneath your house and tunnel up through your den and maybe steal something out of your fridge.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Or swim in my pool.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But the sophisticated shanties weren't up to code so the cavemen got the boot.Shooting up heroin, fine. Living in caves, too dangerous. The roof might collapse.In California, you're supposed to die on the streets outside a Starbucks, but the LA homeless are evolving from cavemen to contractors, building a makeshift mansion in the middle of the 110. The walls are real. It's got electric, a garden, a hammock, decorative lighting, a barbecue, of course.Don't worry. They have one. Nope. They have two fire extinguishers. Very responsible.And look at the water feature. Gorgeous. While this guy built this Homeless McMansion, the rest of LA's vagrants still need a hand and Mayor Karen Bass says she needs donations from you to make it happen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR KAREN BASS (D) LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA: So right now we're working to move past nightly room rentals, including by master leasing and purchasing motels and hotels and already built permanent housing. Now, we are asking the most fortunate Angelenos to participate in this effort with personal private sector and philanthropic funds to help us acquire more properties, lower the cost of capital and speed up housing.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Oh, why do they need money? What do they do with the money taxpayers gave them? They lost it.California lost $24 billion the state earmarked for homeless. Where is it? Nobody knows. But the money's gone and there's even more homeless.A "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model has had it with Bass. Kristen Louelle Gaffney grew up with a lot and lived in San Jose and now she is blasting Bass for taking advantage of hard working people. Gaffney paid her way through college and hit it big as a cover girl, and now politicians are asking her to bail out homeless junkies, so she's leaving.Gaffney is fleeing California and heading to Nashville.Kristen Gaffney is here.Kristen, what happened? You heard Bass, she said, that's it. Ella Bee, we're packing our bags.KRISTEN LOUELLE GAFFNEY, MODEL: Jesse, thank you so much for having me today. It's an honor, and I want to piggy back with Vivek, because when we see nonsense, it is our duty, not only as residents of the state, but as a mother.I'm speaking wholeheartedly as a mother of three young children. What's happening in the beautiful state of California that once was beautiful -- I am born and raised. My husband is born and raised. We love this state. What's happened is, it's embarrassing. It's sad.And for someone to ask us for our hard earned money. I mean, we have already the highest taxes, we should have arguably the most beautiful state and the most clean state. But instead, we have the number one homeless problem in America, that's 28 percent of the homeless problem is right here in California.So you have lost track of over 24, close to $25 billion. And now you're asking me for more money? I don't think the solution is to ask me for money. I think the solution is to hire new leadership.WATTERS: Do other people feel the same way as you do? Is there going to be a model Exodus?GAFFNEY: You know, you come to California to -- it is the City of Dreams, the State of Dreams, right? You think this is where I can accomplish anything, but it does not feel safe anymore. I don't feel safe going to the grocery store. I don't go anywhere outside, especially in metropolitan areas without my husband with me, and I certainly don't take my kids into city limits.There is a movement. I'm sure you heard of this red wave leaving California and as red states might say, you know, don't bring your views? I'm certainly not.I think there needs to be massive change. And it's just like football, compare everything to football. If this guy is fumbling over and over again, you have Newsom with over 20 years' experience in our state and he keeps fumbling, it's time to cut him, bring in someone new and lead us to a W.WATTERS: Well, he thinks she's slick, and he owns the team. So he doesn't think he's going anywhere. Do you have a message for Gavin Newsom? What is it?GAFFNEY: Oh, gosh, that's tough to be on air saying that.WATTERS: Because he watches. He watches the show. So, he is listening right now. Tell Gav what you think.GAFFNEY: Take a seat, buddy. It's time. It's time. Let someone else come in and clean up the city, that state that you so-called love. Right? If you really love it, let's bring in some new heavy hitters to genuinely clean it up.And what I would say to him, I'd actually say, let's offer not only housing, but let's offer a skill to these homeless people. Let's teach them. Let's put them in trade school. Let's teach them a life skill that they can carry on into the job market. Give them a job. Let's have them build the houses. They're earning money. They're earning it and they're learning a skill while providing homes.WATTERS: That's a good idea. Probably get off the heroin. That could help as well.GAFFNEY: That part too. I saw -- I was in LA yesterday and saw a couple people smoking crack. They're having quite the party.WATTERS: All right, well, Nashville is going to be a big difference from where you're coming from. Thank you so much and good luck at your new town.GAFFNEY: I can't wait. Thank you so much, Jesse.Johnny visits AOC's district, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: PRIMETIME heard that AOC's district isn't really in great shape. Crime, illegal vendors, prostitution, very third worldly. So, we sent Johnny, but once they saw our cameras, they started packing up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: What's going on?UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): I don't know why they don't want to let us sell because we have many people here who need it.We are generating money. We generate two or three thousand daily in taxes of stuff we sell -- rags, used clothes, used things that are given to us and we sell it.BELISARIO: You were selling out here but when I came over you packed up. Why?UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): Because when the media comes, the police comes and they take everything.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: When the cameras come the police follow. The illegal market closes, prostitutes skedaddle. The only way to clean up neighborhoods today is by embarrassing the politicians, broadcast their streets to the country and shame them into doing something.The people who live in AOC's district, they don't feel safe.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Is this a safe neighborhood?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, no, no, no, no. Definitely not.BELISARIO: What goes on here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A lot of prostitution, a lot of drug dealing. You have a lot of people selling on the sidewalks, you could barely walk. It's one of the big issues socially here in the neighborhood.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It is not. Became very worse. It is dangerous.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I live in this neighborhood for many, many years. I see a lot of drugs, prostitution also. So it will never -- it will never end.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: We'll have more from AOC's neighborhood on Monday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You are Hamas. Wow.That's good to know. You're what? You're Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we're all Hamas, pig.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Long live Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Get your (bleep) of our face. Now.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All week it's been spring break for Hamas here in New York. They're calling for violence and chanting "Death to America."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't give a (bleep) about the USA. It should burn. Death to America. Death to Israel.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: These people love to hate America for our so-called colonizing history. And they remind me of an interview I did for the "Get It Together" series, the statue toppler. As you know, I'm a big advocate for keeping historical statues. They symbolize our identity and what we've achieved.But not everybody believes this. I talked to Mike Fortica. Mike is a part of the Anishinaabe Tribe, a father of four and the leader of the American Indian Movement. He became infamous for toppling the statue of Columbus in Minneapolis during the George Floyd riots. Mike, really, and I mean, really hates America. But why?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Let's bring in Mike. Why do you hate America so much?MIKE FORTICA, MEMBER OF ANISHINAABE TRIBE: Because to me, America was built on genocide, slavery and colonialism. And we have been through so much trauma, and America doesn't even realize that. They don't know what we've been through.And I don't hate Americans. I dislike this experiment, this failing experiment. Because you're one of your most important documents, it talks about how all men are created equal. Your Declaration of Independence. And then when you get down to the bottom it says, "the merciless savage Indians," that's what they refer to us as, the merciless savage Indians.WATTERS: You say that your Declaration, your Constitution. You're an American Indian, but you don't seem to believe you're an actual American.FORTICA: I'm Anishinaabe, and my allegiance is to the Anishinaabe nation and to the other First Nation peoples of this country. That's where my allegiance lies.I do not stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. We do not stand for that flag, because that flag does not stand for us.WATTERS: Mike, what do you believe gives you the right to topple our statues?FORTICA: Well, it's not our statues. It's that one in particular, I believe Christopher Columbus should never take up space in the public square. He's a rapist. He's a murderer. And that's what I don't understand is why would you look up to this guy?I mean, he got lost for heaven's sakes, there was really no redeemable qualities. There was no redeemable qualities of this guy.He brought alcohol, Satan and Jesus with him. And those have done so much damage to our people.WATTERS: So for toppling the statue, that judge sentenced you to teach about the American genocide to young school kids. I'm not sure if that judge had the best idea there.FORTICA: Whenever I talk to anybody, a group of people, the first thing I tell them as a message for the non-natives, a message for the White people that you are not here. You didn't do it.I wasn't here and it did not happen to me. But the animosity -- see we're not blaming them, but the animosity comes from the fact that they have it all. They already took it all. And they're benefiting from the genocide. They're benefiting from what happened and me and my people, we're still suffering.We're still suffering from what happened. And so I want to let them know that we do not blame White America. They were not here but we need their assistance on getting some of this land back.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: We had a lot conversations just like that in "Get It Together," and I'll bring more of that stuff to you guys throughout the weeks to come.You can also get yourself a copy. Catch me on tour tomorrow. Beach Haven, New Jersey, then Vero Beach, Florida. Mendham, New Jersey and Yorba Linda, California.Sink or Swim is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Sink or Swim.Tonight, Carley Shimkus versus Dr. Nicole Saphier.Have you ever won, Carley?CARLEY SHIMKUS, FOX NEWS HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS" FIRST: No.DR. NICOLE SAPHIER, FOX NEWS MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: She's going too, tonight. She knows so much more about pop culture.SHIMKUS: Don't hold your breath.WATTERS: All right. There's no pop culture on this quiz. So good luck.SAPHIER: Okay.WATTERS: Category is Head on the Plate. Joe Biden claims his uncle could have been eaten by cannibals, a Democrat on PRIMETIME said this conversation was upsetting because he's a vegan. Was it Dennis Kucinich or Harold Ford, Jr.She looked. She looked.SHIMKUS: Oh, that one, yes. I don't know if we can count that one.WATTERS: Are we counting that? She is going --SAPHIER: I wasn't actually meaning to put this one up, but that's okay. I'm keeping it.SHIMKUS: Well, now if she wins, there's always going to be an asterisk next to -- I don't know why.WATTERS: All right, this game is under dispute. What's the answer?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DENNIS KUCINICH, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: As a vegan, I find this discussion distasteful.(END VIDEO CLIP)SAPHIER: I mean, I wasn't --SHIMKUS: I've never done that.SAPHIER: I wasn't looking at the guys faces. I don't know who he is.SHIMKUS: Should we give her a point too?SAPHIER: No. No.SHIMKUS: Okay.WATTERS: No. I'll run the game, Carley.SHIMKUS: Okay. Sorry. Sorry.SAPHIER: I am just going to go look now.WATTERS: Women are so nice.SHIMKUS: I want a clean win. That's what I want. I want a clean win.WATTERS: Category is White Noise. Which famous 80s actor said their movies were too white? Molly Ringwald or Susan Sarandon?SHIMKUS: Confident about this one.WATTERS: Both going with Molly. What is it?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MOLLY RINGWALD, ACTRESS: Those movies, the movies that you know, I am so well known for? These movies are really, really very white.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHIMKUS: Because I watch "The Five."WATTERS: If you watch "The Five." You'll automatically do well in the show.SHIMKUS: Okay, there you go.WATTERS: Next category is Johnny from the Block.SHIMKUS: Okay.WATTERS: Which commentator said Black people do find Trump relatable because of his indictments? Was it Stephen A? Or Charlemagne tha God?There's going to be some guessing here.SHIMKUS: What was the -- what did he say?SAPHIER: Okay.WATTERS: That Black people like Trump more because of his indictments.SHIMKUS: Well, I'm going to go with Stephen A. Smith because I know that Stephen A. Smith talked about Trump this week.WATTERS: Let's see it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHEN A. SMITH, ESPN HOST: Because what he's going through is similar to what Black Americans are going through. He wasn't lying. He was telling the truth.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHIMKUS: Okay.WATTERS: So this is what we do for sportsmanship. You're up two.SHIMKUS: Now to make it a game we're going to make the last one count for two.SAPHIER: Can you just tell me which is which.WATTERS: Or you're in deep trouble.SAPHIER: I don't know their last names, but I don't know their first names.WATTERS: This could get ugly. If she guesses right, the category is Super Bowl Chat. Which Kelce brother lost a Super Bowl ring in a pool of chili. Travis or Jason?SAPHIER: I have no idea.WATTERS: She is going with --SHIMKUS: I am going with --WATTERS: You're both going with the Eagles.SHIMKUS: Oh, shoot.SAPHIER: I am just going with this face because I saw this face.WATTERS: Let's see it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON KELCE, NFL PLAYER: I legitimately lost my Super Bowl ring in this event. We can safely assume that my Super Bowl ring is now in the landfill.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHIMKUS: We got it. Got it. Got it. That seems like a Jason Kelce thing.WATTERS: All right, so it doesn't matter, you lost. But we want to talk about this great book. It's called "Love, Mom: Inspiring Stories Celebrating Motherhood." Can someone take -- there it is right there. It doesn't matter if Mother's Day is over. Every day is Mother's Day.SAPHIER: Mother's Day is not over. It hasn't even happened yet, Jesse.WATTERS: Oh.SAPHIER: It is actually in an example of weeks, but the book is out now.WATTERS: Is that Easter? God. Hey, mom. It was my mother's birthday. That's why I thought that.SAPHIER: That's what it is.WATTERS: It was April 12.SAPHIER: Okay, yes.WATTERS: It was her birthday. Congratulations, Carley. You get a hat.SHIMKUS: Woohoo. I finally win. All right. Let's wear this.WATTERS: You can wear it all weekend long.SHIMKUS: Absolutely.WATTERS: way to go.It was the last day for our intern, Claudia. She had a fantastic semester, I guess you could call it. There she is. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and you have a lovely family.Let's do some text messages.Mark from Plant City, Florida: Stop picking on our president. He is the victim of a systemic generational cannibalism.Edward from Peoria, Arizona: Cannibals ate my uncle. Sounds like a dingo ate my baby.Doug from Denver: You're taking the cannibalism thing way too far. It's only funny to a point.I am telling you, the worst way to go.Tom from Alabama: Fifty-one CIA former leaders have just signed a letter confirming Uncle Bosie was eaten by cannibals.Glenn from Vero Beach: You sent Johnny to AOC's district. He'd probably be safer in New Guinea.Oh Johnny is so delicious. That's what they tell me.Laura from Vero Beach: Jesse, Vero Beach is my world, see you soon.I will see you soon.Have a great weekend. I'm Watters and this is my world.