SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right, thank you for being with us. That's all the time we have. Please set your DVR so you never miss an episode. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Thanks for being with us. Have a great night(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)TOM SHILLUE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Happy Wednesday, everyone. Welcome to a special edition of GUTFELD. I'm Tom Shillue, filling in for Greg, who's working off the last of his winter weight in Zumba class.So, let's get into some headlines. Shall we? Archaeologists working at George Washington's Mount Vernon home say they've discovered to intact sealed bottles containing cherries under a brick floor laid in the 1770s.Archaeologists are also proud to announce they finally destroyed George Washington's floor. A nine-year old nicknamed, Seagull Boy is the winner of European Screeching Contest, and he'll now face off in the World Finals against America's Top Screecher.Some women are reportedly paying $500 to have salmon sperm injections, saying it will improve their sex lives. But it does unfortunately make them 40 percent more likely to get eaten by bears.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: OK with it.SHILLUE: Because they feel it will eliminate burnout, millennials are pushing for a four-day workweek. However, after all that pushing, they got burned out and quit. The trailer for Deadpool and Wolverine came out this week. The plot involves the two characters joining forces to save the world from another Fast and Furious sequel.And finally, a woman in Louisiana was arrested after cocaine was found in her son's cubby at school. School officials became suspicious when the boy never participated in naptime, and owed everyone money.OK, let's do the monologue. It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. That is, of course, the very quotable opening line from A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens. I thought it opened with a literary reference because it makes me seem smart.But also, it's something I've been thinking about lately. Are we in good times or bad, can be hard to tell. Obviously, a lot of what's going on in the world today is very grim. If you need more signs, these are the end times, they actually let Joe Machi host the show two nights ago.Also, one party's presidential candidate is on trial by members of the other party. And we're supposed to pretend that this has anything to do with the law.And as if that weren't already glaringly obvious that this is all political, the judge in one of those cases placed a gag on this candidate, and no, not the kind that Greg wears.Like, how obvious can they be? They know if he keeps talking, he might win. So, let's just prevent him from talking. I wonder if he thinks this is a total disgrace, totally unconstitutional. And if it's ever, ever happened before.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT, UNITED STATES: I think it's a disgrace. It's totally unconstitutional. I don't believe it's ever not to this extent ever happened before. I'm not allowed to defend myself, and yet, other people say whatever they want about me. Very, very unfair.(END VIDEO CLIP)All the while the other candidate insists he had nothing to do with this, which is almost believable, because he rarely appears to know where he is. But yesterday, did Joe finally admit what we've all known for some time?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT, UNITED STATES: I don't know why he's -- we're surprised by Trump. How many times he had to prove we can't be trusted?(END VIDEO CLIP)SHILLUE: Excuse me. Did you just say we? Maybe he meant he, but then again, maybe he didn't mean we.Usually when Joe has a slip, it's off the edge of a stage. And remember that fake story about Trump and the very fine people on both sides? Well, it seems on some issues, Joe does see both sides.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you condemn the anti-semitic protests on college campuses?BIDEN: I condemn aniti-semitic protests. That's why I've set up a program to deal with that. I also condemn those who don't understand what's going on with the Palestinians.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHILLUE: Wait a minute. You condemn people who don't understand what's going on? Isn't that kind of like the pot saying the kettle has dementia?So, we don't trust our government, but what about the science? Well, that ship sailed almost. That ship sailed in 2020. If COVID was any more obviously made in China, it would have a Nike swoosh on it.And just this week, the AP finally admitted that China has a long history of lying about the origins of COVID. They detail, at length, how China froze meaningful domestic and international efforts to trace the virus from the first weeks of the outbreak.And the AP specifically points to the possibility that China inspected the Wuhan wet market a full week before they say they did. And that search has never been mentioned publicly or by the World Health Organization. That seems pretty significant, right?Yet, look at how the AP headline their story. How the search for the origins of COVID-19 turn politically poisonous, turned, you say? You turned it dude. You and the rest of the mainstream media blamed it on bat soup.Meanwhile, across the street was a lab with more active viruses than Hunter Biden's boxer briefs. What that headline should have said was, we knew China lied, and covered it up. And here's how they did it.At the very least, the media should admit they twisted the truth like a balloon animal on behalf of the Chinese government, the WHO, and the reckless scientists that have been gambling with public safety in the name of science, while frauds like Fauci denied putting the fun in gain-of- function.So, we don't trust the politicians, the court, the establishment, Big Pharma science, but we used to all enjoy movies, didn't we? That's over too. According to Jerry Seinfeld, in a recent interview, he said this about his Hollywood friends.They don't have any idea the movie business is over. But, film doesn't occupy the pinnacle in the social cultural hierarchy that it did for most of our lives. He added, when a movie came out, if it was good, we all went to see it.We all discussed it. He's right. But, why did that all go away? Because the left has to make everything about politics. And every movie has more annoying messages in it than Kat Timpf's fan page inbox. They took the fun out of everything.But, I have to look for a silver lining. And it's not just because I'm friends with William Devane. And here's where I take solace. It seems like every day more people are waking up and realizing how bad it's gotten.Have you heard about Red Pilled America? Well, we didn't just stop at one pill. We're gobbling these things like they're Fruity Pebbles. So, we don't trust our institutions anymore. And maybe, that's a good thing. Maybe, we were never meant to trust these people.Maybe, we should put our trust and our energy into our families and our friends, and the people who mean something to us. And we should be putting the elites on notice. We're no longer buying what you're selling.Plus, because of Bidenomics, we can't afford it. And we're saying, I'm not going to read your newspapers or watch your shows or see your movies. Me and my friends are having our own party, right? And our party is better than yours.Let's welcome tonight's guests. In high school, he hung out with the lunch ladies; host of the Guy Benson Show, Guy Benson. His jokes land all right like the Hindenburg; comedian Joe Machi.She's so plucky chickens, run away from her, New York Times bestselling author and Fox News Contributor, Kat Timpf. And he only served Tsunamis, New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. Tyrus, I got to start with you.TYRUS: What? First time ever. I'm so excited.SHILLUE: Well, first of all, did I make a lot of sense little sense.TYRUS: No, it was -- it was beautiful, but you love the word, maybe.SHILLUE: Can you give the possibilities open?TYRUS: Hey, maybe, hey maybe, maybe you're tilting the line. But the thing about the movies real quick for you, and I think, we're just one good movie away. So, if you have one movie that everyone loves, they'll talk about.Perfect example,. Barbie, right? It was my -- oh, sorry, the fellas didn't like it, it wasn't made for us. We're big boys. We can handle it. It doesn't have to be about us. I didn't go into Barbie, like, there's no one who looks like me in this movie. Let's go.Like, we can't be like that. OK. My daughters loved it. I napped during it the seven times that we saw it. But, it was a great movie and girls like, because everyone wanted to add just the attitude. It was a movie about Barbie.If the movie was about G.I. Joe, I probably would have liked it better because I used to be a little boy playing with G.I. Joe, and then play with Barbies. So, it doesn't relate. But, the point is, it was a great movie.People came out to see it. It did great numbers. So, he's full of it. His movies might not be doing that well anymore, but in general, the woke movies when they come out they don't do well. So, stop making woke movies, start making good movies, and that people will be there.SHILLUE: Do you think it's possible? They're going to do that?TYRUS: Oh, yeah. For example, King Kong Vs. Godzilla, flawless, it was packed. There were seats everywhere.SHILLUE: Yes, right. We loved it.TYRUS: It's American as you can get two big monsters fighting all over the world, there was even a suplex in there for us wrestlers. It was a great movie. And people loved it. So, that's the thing I disagree with them. Just make us movies where we can go, it doesn't matter how you vote, or who you sleep with. You can just sit and go, oh, this is fun. And then, they'll come back.SHILLUE: And Tyrus, I'm going to put you in the positive camp. It's kind of like, if it's good times or bad times, are you more cynical? Are you a positive guy like Tyrus is?GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's very cerebral, very Dickensian of you. I like that.SHILLUE: Yes.BENSON: I'm kind of with him. I would say, Top Gun was another example --TYRUS: Yeah, an example.BENSON: -- where people were like into it. It's hard to be overly rosy these days, though. And I have a bone to pick because I think you're being a little bit too tough on President Biden. The man just lost an uncle to cannibals.He's grieving, Tom. He's grieving. And to take -- that's the way you did, how could you? Here's the thing. So, on the trial stuff, people who listen to my show or follow my commentary, they know I'm not a huge Trump guy.But, we can smell a rat from far away when it's unfair. And he keeps saying it's unfair. He says that all the time, but he happens to be right. Like, as I've read more about the story, and like talking to legal experts, one fact just stopped me in my tracks.The judge is a Biden donor. Are you kidding? Like, what fair minded American says, you know, even someone who hates Trump, like, can you find a single judge in New York City who didn't give money to the political opponent of the man that you are now presiding over his trial? That just seems nuts to me, right? How is that allowed to happen?SHILLUE: And during the campaign, I mean, perhaps, I think most legal scholars are looking at this thing, and they're saying, there's no justification for, you know, this, at least the New York trial.BENSON: Sure.SHILLUE: But, maybe put it on hold. I mean, this is a campaign. It's like, we're coming up to November, and they've got a gag order on him. He's not out to talk. The whole point is to do it now.BENSON: Putting it on hold is not an option. I think it'll probably, if he gets convicted, they'll throw it out down the line on appeal. The whole point is for the next six months, at some point to have the brand convicted felon on Trump. And then, if it all falls apart after November, they don't care.SHILLUE: Yeah.BENSON: Is that too cynical? I think that's obviously --TYRUS: No, they're just not counting the fact that Americans have no problem with convicted felons. Just saying.SHILLUE: Yes. I don't think it's going to hurt. Do you, Joe Machi?JOE MACHI, COMEDIAN: Oh, yeah, I think for low information people that you can throw that label on, they're not really paying attention. That's a big problem we have all the time. There's a lot of people that aren't paying attention.And what you were saying about, the trust in the monologue, it's like, trust is like Greg's cosmetology degree, it has to be earned, and so many times, that the experts, the authorities were wrong.They were wrong on inflation from printing money, oh, that's not going to happen, or COVID didn't come from the place where you're making COVID, where COVID came out of?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah.MACHI: Yeah. You don't have to worry about that. And Ukraine's going to win the war that we keep saying, they're going to win, even though everyone keeps dying, and we keep having to send them more money.They just come up with another excuse, you know, and it just -- it just seems like the people that are wrong all the time, keep failing upwards, like a Buffalo Bills field goal attempt.SHILLUE: Kat, I think you're with me on this. The idea that, it may be -- because I don't think that you ever trusted these institutions. Am I right?TIMPF: Right. Yeah.SHILLUE: So, if more people don't trust these institutions, which we know, are not just flawed. I mean, at this point, all our major institutions in my eyes have fallen. And if more people realize that, then maybe we can get about repairing this culture on our own, am I right?TIMPF: Yes. And I never trusted them because of the history of lying. But also, if you think about it, they have the motivation to lie to remain in power. And also, that power gives them the means to lie. It's a lot easier when you have all that power to do something like that.And what's all the more sad about it, when it was happening, or whenever it does happen, throughout COVID, just for example, is that, those of us who aren't part of those institutions, just you know, people with jobs, not in the government, without power, that -- like the government has -- would hate each other based on the lies these institutions were sharing, right?You -- people in their real lives, with their relationships with other people were severed because of, for example, if you want to keep your business open, you're a grandma killer, and you're a murderer, and how could you not care? And so many of these things were lies the entire time.SHILLUE: Yeah.TIMPF: So, I think it's actually good for people to kind of wise up and not put all this trust in these institutions. Oh, it's true because they say so, but why? But why, right? Why would you trust that with all the different lies that all of us have pointed out? And to just really focus on our relationships with each other.SHILLUE: Boom. I'm going to say, best of times. The better times are ahead. Before we go, I'll be performing on my solo show spontaneous combustion this weekend April 26 and 27 at the St. Louis Funny Bone, and May 24 and 25 at Detroit House of Comedy, go to tomshaloo.com for tickets and information. And up next, can narcissists withstand TikTok getting banned?(VIDEO PLAYING) If you'll be in the New York area and would like free tickets to see GUTFELD, go to foxnews.com/gutfeld, and click on the link to join our studio audience.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SHILLUE: A Chinese company is on the clock to find a buyer for TikTok. Today, President Biden signed a law that forces the company that owns TikTok to either sell it or face a ban. Legislators from both parties expressed concern TikTok was collecting valuable data from users about how bad they are at dancing.ByteDance will have nine months to sell TikTok or be banned, thus leaving millions of young vapid, mindless influencers without an outlet to express their hatred for America, or their preferred pronouns. On the bright side, though, they'll have plenty of extra time to protest Israel.Even though Biden signed a law potentially banning TikTok, Fox is told his campaign will remain on the app, but it makes sense. Joe only uses TikTok to clear up his gaffes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Hey, Tickity talkers. Look, here's a deal. Let's clear something up. All right. You misheard me, you misheard me. I didn't say, my uncle was eaten by cannibals. I said, my son was eating cannabis. He likes it. What are you going to do?Well, have a snack side, he likes cannabis. I like ice cream. All right. All right. Orange Man, bad. Let's do some hand dye. (inaudible)(END VIDEO CLIP)SHILLUE: Yeah. (inaudible) One of the many dangers of TikTok.BENSON: He's clearly -- he's not grieving anymore. So, got over all of the jokes.SHILLUE: Guy, what -- do you think -- let me just get your take on this whole TikTok that leads bipartisan, which is absolutely surprising to me.BENSON: I'm glad that they did it. It's an espionage tool and a propaganda tool of our number one adversary poisoning like the youth of America. This is an actually serious decision by a country, hours that seems increasingly unserious.So, I'm glad that we did it. I think that it was like maybe a way to get around it without an outright like legislative action, which was or maybe to tweak it a little bit, which was to force American TikTok users to play by the rules that China imposes on kids in their country using TikTok, where they have limited hours in a day, where you can use TikTok, and it has to be educational material.I think TikTok should be sprinting towards Instagram reels or something.SHILLUE: Yeah.BENSON: Because it would defeat the purpose. But, I think that's insightful actually how the Chinese use TikTok in their own country, is almost the opposite of how they've sold it to us. So, I'm glad that Congress actually did this.SHILLUE: Interesting. Let's go over for a libertarian viewpoint. I suspect we might get a little pushback from Kat. What do you think Kat?TIMPF: I disagree with Guy Benson.SHILLUE: All right. No.TIMPF: I mean, I don't disagree -- look -- the reason I think what I do actually has nothing to do with TikTok itself. And it has to do with the language in the bill talking about, you know, foreign adversary, it's actually a very vague definition, a broad definition.When this passed in the House -- when the TikTok bill passed in the House, Rand Paul wrote a piece about it, citing First Amendment concerns, potentially Fifth Amendment concerns, because there are actually Americans who have ownership in TikTok as well, and the government can't seize your property without due process.So, there's all that, but also just looking back, again, going back to what we talked about in the last segment, telling Americans to be, you know, afraid of something from a foreign adversary, that's how we got the Patriot Act. That's how we got Pfizer. So, I do not -- I do not feel comfortable with -- with this potential to take away our rights.SHILLUE: How much is China paying you?TIMPF: You know, what the bummer is? The bummer is, not even a dollar.TYRUS: $1 million.TIMPF: Not even a single dollar.TYRUS: $1 million.SHILLUE: Well, that's it.TYRUS: Thank you.SHILLUE: Tyrus, we have -- I mean, we -- we allow China to buy farmland in the United States. RT is a -- a Russian network that I can watch. Right after we take this show, I can go watch RT. So, there's all sorts of foreign media, and other kind of influence in our country, why this app at this time?TYRUS: It's pointless to -- again, I'm on a crazy train, because I'm disagreeing with Guy here. And this just comes from a parent, there's no legislation. This is a joke. OK. You're just -- you're banning them, so what, an American company can come in and do the same damn thing?Let's not act like Facebook and Instagram, and all the other apps don't do the same thing. So, if they were really concerned with protecting our -- our kids, they would put a lock on the algorithms, they would use the algorithms. A man can go on social media, look at child porn, do all this stuff, and the algorithms can tell you how old he is, how often he does it. It's simple. They can catch them doing this.(BEEP) trafficking, you want to stop that fentanyl drug deal and stuff, it's all on the net. And when it comes to our kids, a kid will go on there and be like, oh I'm going to go on an adult website.They know, through the algorithm, that on normal days, he's still a kid. They can tell, he's 12 years old saying, he's 18 or older on (BEEP). They just don't care because it's the people who use this stuff, who buy the fake bots, who buy that, like, are the pedophiles and stuff like that.So, money is more important to these companies than our children, because if they really cared about our kids, they would use this to catch the predators, but they don't. They inspire them, they help them build communities. So, it's completely (BEEP). You're going to -- who cares who owns it. It's going to be the same (BEEP). So that's -- that's my issue.SHILLUE: Do you think -- do you agree with Tyrus? That they're just going to sell this to some other company that's going to do the same stuff that's happening with TikTok?MACHI: It's a highly successful product, they probably would just do the very same thing. And the idea that the government cares about privacy or China is as laughable as one of my standup shows.SHILLUE: Wow.MACHI: Because if they wanted to stop privacy violations, they would just make it illegal for companies to spy on you just because you want to use a phone, and they don't do that, and China can just buy that information from a third-party like our government already does.And part of the First Amendment is the right to listen. I have the right to hear what a foreign adversary says. And if -- if you really want to stop China, maybe we should get rid of the free trade deals. So, we don't have to depend on them for our, like, antibiotics and pants.SHILLUE: Yeah. Guy, you have six seconds to talk about all three arguments. Go.BENSON: I'm just the only person here who loves America, probably. And I wouldn't say, if we're going to poison our brains with nonsense, I would rather do it to ourselves. I'd rather we do it to ourselves.SHILLUE: American nonsense.BENSON: And have China do it too.SHILLUE: Yeah. We'll go up next, why kids chose Southern Hospitality over Ivy League brutality?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SHILLUE: Will northern schools be forgotten when students flock to the land of cotton? They can study without friction south of the Mason-Dixon.Students are rejecting elite colleges in favor of southern schools where teeth and shoes are optional. No.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Not true. It's part of the nationwide enrollment trend impacted by anti-Israel campus protests at top-tier universities. That's right, schools that years ago discriminating against Jews now discriminate against Asians and Jews.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Places like Columbia and Yale have seen violent demonstrations and even arrests as mobs of students take to the streets professing antisemitism. For Jewish students, the fervor unfolding in formerly prestigious institutions is enough reason to look elsewhere, not just for education but for their own safety. Take Scott Katz, a student at North Carolina's Elon University. As he explained in a recent interview the madness hasn't reached schools down south, saying, quote, "Even if I could have gotten into Harvard, I wouldn't have gone. I definitely feel very safe on campus regarding my religion." You heard that right, the south is now the land of tolerance and common sense, too.But progressive policies are also pushing students away. Everything from harsh lockdowns, restrictions on free speech, and obsession with gender and race are finally bearing the rotten fruit of their sordid labor. Chicago native Bethal Miles, now a student at Southern Miss, said, quote, "Since day one my classmates have made me feel welcome, other than the accents and their cowboy boots. That was wild to me, man. They were cowboy boots everywhere. It was like I'd found my second home."(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Which is kind of ironic, because if anyone should be wearing boots, it's an Ivy League school. Where else are you going to find -- that deep.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Machi, did you put that were to my script so I had to say it on camera?MACHI: I don't curse when I host, Tom. I've very disappointed in you.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: It's classic Joe DeVito. DeVito strikes again.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Joe, what do you think of this, people going to school down south to avoid all this politically correct stuff up north?MACHI: There was just a protest at U.T. Austin today, but they did deal with the civil disobedience. I'll say this. The protests in the north might actually make schools seem a little more attractive up there to me, because I remember at the end of the term I'm like worried about studying for finals or writing that term paper, not like going camping indefinitely until they pretend to arrest you.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: All they need is for one university president to do the right thing and say you can't take over portions of the school and falsely imprison and assault people, and the rest of the presidents will then plagiarize it.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Yes.Guy, you're kind of an Ivy League type of guys. Do you think it's much worse in these elite schools?BENSON: I'm a Big Ten guy. I went to Northwestern which is like the nerd school. Go Cats. They've been awful on this issue, unfortunately, so it's sort of on branch, on trend. There was an analysis of by sports conference how many of the schools are under investigation for antisemitism. The Ivy League had more than half, the Big Ten had quite a few. The SEC in the southeast had zero of those 16 schools.(APPLAUSE)BENSON: So there is something to be said there.And here's one thing, and this is like a very, I think, sort of superficial point because it's a very serious problem, but part of college, of course learning is paramount, but it's supposed to be fun, too. And nothing about this stuff is fun on these campuses. It is exhausting. It's awful. It's bigotry on parade. And for my money, it's a lot less money to go to some of these schools down south, first of all. It seems like if you're going to be huge group of people gathered together screaming something on a lawn, one side is doing it against the Jews and in favor of terrorists, and other schools are doing it because they stormed a field after a football win. That's the one I want to be at, and I think most Americans agree with me.(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Kat, you're in a new documentary about Hillsdale College, are you not? Yes.TIMPF: Yes.SHILLUE: How was your experience at that school? I am assuming a school like Hillsdale, a great reputation, didn't have this kind of nonsense there.TIMPF: This was definitely not happening there. Also, what was happening there was I had a full tuition scholarship.SHILLUE: Wow.TIMPF: Yes, for academics and journalism. But no --(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: I was expecting applause.TIMPF: No, I didn't. No, I did not. No, I did not.TYRUS: What's your qualifications, Tyrus? I beat people up pretend.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: No, I did not. I actually -- I'm actually making a point, which is I'm using that to make a point, which is that Ivy League schools, on the other hand, I got into one, right, and I couldn't afford to go, so I didn't go. They're also extremely expensive. And really the only reason you go to, for example, Columbia is to then say I went to Columbia. And everyone is saying, wow. But now you can say that, and people might say wow in a different way.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: It was this heralded association to have, but now it's controversial to have. So the one thing that really was of value, maybe some of the connections, but really was the brand of these universities, I went to an Ivy League school. When you don't have that, a lot of people would say why would you spend all that money when you could get a scholarship maybe somewhere else, or go somewhere else that is not that expensive.SHILLUE: Yes. Tyrus, is the sheen gone from these elite universities?TYRUS: Listen, I live in the south, and it's nice to be finally recognized for being tolerant. And we're inviting. We want all these smart brains coming to our colleges and institutions. We don't care if you're black, white, your sexual orientation, whatever. You are welcome, and that's how it works down there. The only thing we issue is just no Dutch.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Keep the Dutch out. Other than that, we're good.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I don't stand for racial intolerance, but there's a hyphen, the Dutch. So just keep them out. And I have my reasons.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: What is happening?(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: This goes back to the point. You had a chance to go to an Ivy League school. I threw people over the rope. We're in the same chair. That's America. That's beautiful.The sadness of it, and I had to make a joke because there's really no joking in this, you go into a higher level of learning, and you're with troglodytes. That is crazy. Yes, that's a big word. Look it up. But they're more than -- they are not just scared to go to school. These kids are chanting "I am Hamas." And they're not just kids. The recent group that was arrested was 25, 28. These aren't 21-year-old, impressionable children who are matching. These are grown adults screaming "I am Hamas," which means -- and then the media tries to soften it, pro Hamas. No, you're Hamas. If you say I'm Hamas, then you're Hamas. We have terrorists in this country protesting at our schools, and we are doing nothing about it, because right now, if Lord forbid -- you're not Dutch, right?MACHI: No, I'm not. No, I'm not.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: If the three of you decided to be Nazis and stand outside the FOX building, how long before you think you would be fired and never asked back? You wouldn't get the "Nazi" out. You'd get the "N--" and you'd be like done.But for some reason they keep saying pro this. No. If I say I'm Hamas it means I'm claiming everything that Hamas does. I'm literally in broad daylight saying I am a terrorist. What are you going to do about it, America? And get them out of the campuses. They should be arrested and charges pressed.(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Coming up, something neat. A robo canine brings the heat.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: A robot dog who'll turn you into a yule log. Our video of the day comes to us from an Ohio company that created a flame-throwing robotic dog called, yes, the "Therminator".(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.(MUSIC)(END VIDEO CLIP)SHILLUE: Developers say if this dog wants to poop on your lawn, you'd better let him.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: OK, I want to start with, does anybody think this is cool? I want to give time to people who like this. Machi, do you think --MACHI: No. I think this is a terrible idea. One of the things our society doesn't need is more ways to start fires.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: Plus, you just can't blast living things indiscriminately with a robot unless it's a Joe Biden approved drone strike.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Kat --TIMPF: I love when Machi is on the show.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: It's great, it's great. But my dog, I have to put them on a leash, and he's a nice dog.TIMPF: Right. I think that in this video the music selection is doing a lot --(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: -- like a lot of heavy lifting, because they are playing -- you're playing like a fun videogame and you're triumphant. They're playing triumphant music. You put other music under that, and then you'd start crying, probably. So yes, I agree. I don't think that this is a good thing. The amount of times, like my phone started malfunctioning today a little bit, which is bad, right. I can't send text messages. But that doesn't mean anyone's house is on fire.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Exactly. If this dog gets away, Tyrus, this thing is priced under $10,000.TIMPF: Now everybody is going to get one of these.TYRUS: Put me down for three.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: With my "Gutfeld!" credit card.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Listen, this is not a dog. Let's stop that. That's the government fooling you. Because, everyone, oh, it's a dog. It's a cute dog. Do you realize this entire room would be in flames right now if this dog decided that we were expendable? You should be afraid.And to be honest with you, normally my resolution or solution to any type of robot is cup of water. We need a bigger cup for this one.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Forget the fire. Notice the jumping. Like you're not getting away. This is Terminator, but they don't have Arnold Schwarzenegger to do it. I think in fairness, at least before you die, at least the dog can say like "lighten up," or give us like "stick around," because you're going to feel a thing when the flamethrower hits you. And this thing is like, and it doesn't apparently run out. Like it was just going. Like he was just going. Which means it's not just you. It's your entire village that's gone, or city.So we should be really concerned that you starting seeing them walking around the street, because remember originally it was to help with crime deterrence. They would see something and report it. And then I guess the message they get back is "burn it."(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Guy, I guess maybe it's for clearing brush, or something. I'm not sure what the purpose of this thing --TYRUS: Did you say clearing the Dutch?(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: No. Leave the Dutch alone.BENSON: I'm just annoyed you saved a story about a flamer for the day that Greg isn't here.(LAUGHTER)BENSON: So I can't make the jokes that I want to. And I just have to, again, disagree with Tyrus. This thing identifies as a dog, and that's good enough for me.(LAUGHTER)BENSON: And I think it should participated and compete in Westminster, see how it goes for the competition. Riley Gaines will be all mad about it, but I say let it live.SHILLUE: Let it live. I think it has. It's got a switch on it that I'm assuming you've got to be holding the trigger at all times.TIMPF: With an impenetrable security system.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Don't worry. We have switch.BENSON: It's on the dog. You have to catch it there.MACHI: What if the switch says, like, "fire," and you can switch it to "humping"?(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Definitely not good.TYRUS: Wow, you thought of everything.SHILLUE: Up next, find out why there's good news in the sky.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Story in five words, automatic refunds for canceled flights. Kat, this is the Transportation Department. They announced new rules forcing airlines to automatically give cash refunds for delayed or canceled flights. What do you think of that? This is actual real news.TIMPF: I guess. But when I'm in that situation, what I want is the flight.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That's why I made that exchange of the money for the flight. I already decided I'd rather have the flight.SHILLUE: Yes.TIMPF: Why can't I get on the flight?SHILLUE: But then when they try to give you some voucher or they send you to some other things, this is automatic. You get the money back.TIMPF: Again, I want the flight.SHILLUE: She's not happy about it.TYRUS: You're acting like this is an amazing thing. You don't get the service and they're going to give you a refund. Mind blown.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Yes.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: Before we go forward, I have said some things about the Dutch.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: And I would just like to apologize. To tell a family secret, my grandmother was Dutch. And we hated her.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: That's where it came from.TYRUS: Wooden shoes. Windmills are great, yes? You know what, I recant. I still hate the Dutch.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Sorry, Kat, I tried.SHILLUE: What about the airlines?TYRUS: We are giving you a refund. No -- thank you.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: If you go swimming and get out, we'll give you a towel. Wonderful! This is dumb. You announced you are doing what you're supposed to do? The real question is, why did it take so long?SHILLUE: This is part of the Biden administration. He's always been talking about these fees. While Rome burns, he's been talking about these kind of fees, and you've got Mayor Pete is the one who announced this, like we're all supposed to be happy about it. What do you think, Guy?BENSON: Secretary Pete, Tom.SHILLUE: Doesn't he still like "Mayor Pete"?BENSON: I don't know, actually.SHILLUE: Oh, OK.BENSON: But he's technically in charge of this, I think. Now, does this only apply to domestic airlines, because I exclusively flight KLM, which is the Dutch airline.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: That's right.TYRUS: Son of a bitch. Saw it in the eyes.SHILLUE: And they're good. That's a good airline. Actually, I don't know.TYRUS: Why is it good, just because they are Dutch?(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Have you flown KLM? I have. Not great. Not great. Very arrogant.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Machi, what do you think of this? You fly a lot.MACHI: I fly a lot. The airlines treat you so horribly I'd rather fly with Epstein.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: But the reason they treat you horribly is the government allowed them local monopolies. Like one airline controls each airport. So maybe they should get rid of that.And as long as we're talking about junk fees, the biggest purveyor of junk fees is the government. Like when, like United treated me pretty terribly, but when I die they're not going to take 50 percent of my wealth.SHILLUE: That is a great point. So you don't five the federal government props for --MACHI: No. And plus, they're going to hurt the airlines bottom line. They keep bailing them out. So it's like all our money that is going to have to go back to the airlines if they start hurting because they have to give these refunds.SHILLUE: So true.Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SHILLUE: Thanks to Guy Benson, Joe Machi, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, and our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT is next. I'm Tom Shillue, and on behalf of Greg Gutfeld, I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)