REP. MIKE LAWLER (R-NY): As you can hear behind me, we have some folks engaged in these protests. What they don't seem to understand is anti- Zionism is, in fact, anti-Semitism.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We hear you, congressman. Thank you very much for joining us on that. Our coverage will continue. I'm Sandra Smith. Thanks for joining us.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro along with Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino, Jesse Watters and Tyrus. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Calls for Columbia University's president Minouche Shafik to resign are growing louder and louder after she surrendered her campus to pro-terrorist agitators making life utter hell for Jewish students, giving the protesters another 48 hours to dismantle their anti-Israel tent city.Jewish Columbia students have been fearing for their safety as they've endured slogans like I am Hamas. And it's only getting worse. So far, 8,000 pro-Hamas protests have popped up in more than 850 cities in the U.S. Universities in Texas and California becoming the latest hotbeds of radicalism, with dozens arrested.But America's coward-in-chief could condemn all of this. But today, Joe Biden was in front of a microphone and a podium at two separate events. Yet, he walked away when pressed on it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President. President do you have a message for the protesters on campus?(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Contrast that with House Speaker Mike Johnson, he showed some rail hutzpah going into the lion's den of Columbia to speak with Jewish students.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): As Columbia has allowed these lawless agitators and radicals to take over, the virus of anti-Semitism is spread across other campuses. I am here today joining my colleagues and calling on President Shafik to resign if she cannot immediately bring order to this chaos.Enjoy your free speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But the radical protesters aren't just on campus. Both Alec Baldwin and New York City Mayor Eric Adams have been harassed while out in public by lunatics shouting pro-Palestinian slogans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Alec, can you please say free Palestine one time? Why did you kill that lady? You killed that lady and got no jail time? (EXPLETIVE DELETED) Israel, (EXPLETIVE DELETED) Zionism. Please say it. One time.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are you Eric Adams? Yes, (EXPLETIVE DELETED) you. you support the genocide in Palestine, there are homeless people all over New York, and you're always partying. You don t actually care about the citizens of New York.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Jesse, I'll start with you. You've got the radical left- wing protests, who say they want another 48 hours on campus. You repeatedly hear Jewish students say they don't feel safe. And Columbia has moved hybrid for the rest of the school year. I mean, sounds to me like the left is in charge.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What's hutzpah again, Jeanine?PIRRO: Hutzpah.WATTERS: Hutzpah. Yiddish, right?PIRRO: I'm not, but I like it.WATTERS: So, these presidents were on Capitol Hill just last month, saying if you say kill the Jews, that's against our harassment policy. Harvard lady was fired because she couldn't say it. And now these people are just outright shattering the policy, and they're not enforcing the policy. They're negotiating with them.I remember there was a president, Dana, see if you can remember. He said, you're either with us, you're against us. OK, you do not negotiate with terrorists. They're now negotiating with terrorists, because what they're having a hard time figuring out, is this oppression hierarchy. Are the Jews more oppressed than the Muslims?And when you live in a world where you see everybody is oppressed or oppressed is this -- does it -- does -- you know, an inside straight beat to pair? They can't figure out who to side with.And we had a psychiatrist on last night to explain why most of the people are female that are leading this protest. And she said, because females and I think I can speak for the women at the table.PIRRO: You cannot.WATTERS: Are generally nurturing people. And when their professors are giving them better grades for their social activism. They're trying to appeal to their teachers, and they've been told they're oppressed as women, and they identify with the Palestinians and they're trying to hug them and nurture them.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: This is not what I said, Judge, this is what my guests said, who's a clinical psychologist.PIRRO: Thanks for repeating it.WATTERS: OK. And she also said, because they're single, they're not nurturing their boyfriends, their boyfriends have been described as toxic. So they're trying to nurture other people.And I saw this happen in 2020. Remember when there were these Black Lives Matter riots?TYRUS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Vaguely.WATTERS: And what everybody did was let them fester. And so, they've seen what they can get away with. And now you see it spreading to the West Coast, see it spreading to Texas.And they're going to do this because they know they're not going to be held accountable.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: And now, I know, there's been a lot of talk about me being awarded a honorary doctorate by Columbia, because I'm such a man of letters. And I just want to say preemptively, I will not accept this honorary doctorate as a matter of principle. So, let's just put that to bed right now. Thank you, Tyrus.TYRUS: Hear, hear.PIRRO: All right. You know what, I'm going to go to Dana now. And I suspect that Dana will agree with me that you do not speak for the women at this table.But the important question that I want to ask Dana is this. Look, you have Joe Biden who gives a talk, who comments on the bill that was signed, the one on banning TikTok and the money, the omnibus bill with the money that was going to Ukraine, etcetera.But at the beginning of this speech, he says, and I'll answer questions. And at the end of this speech, he walks away, answers no questions. And yet Mike Johnson is out there saying this is wrong. This is America. Thank God, you have free speech.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It really is remarkable that -- I mean, apparently the president can't answer questions unless he's out with Marine One whirring in the background and reporters shouting questions at him.Axios reported this week that he's the only president in living memory to not grant a single interview to one of the major newspapers in the Oval Office. And apparently, he's not going to and that makes me think, even though I think he should debate, and I have believe that there will be a debate. I don't think -- I think that maybe they think that he can't do it. That's my only explanation.But here's this one, which is now for three days, they've had an opportunity for him to say something on camera directly to the Jewish students and parents and to the rest of us who are concerned about them, about this growing outrage. And he decides to say nothing, don't just take it from us. Politico's headline today, the Biden team's blase about it.And the campaign says, we don't think it'll hurt us in the campaign. Like, well, what's the -- what is your principal? You are the leader of the free world, you are supposed to be the one who helps us never forget. And yet here you have students who are hiding.And I do take issue with a clinical psychologist because I believe that women can be hateful hatemongers just as much as men can. And that's why I'm seeing about this.(CROSSTALK)TYRUS: Hear, hear.PERINO: And they're not taking their rage out at the embassies. They're taking their rage out on Jewish students, and the universities who have them there.I do also think another -- one other thing I just want to mention, I support the idea that if you are arrested, even if you don't get a summon or you don't get prosecuted, if you're on a student visa, you're out. And if you're not on a student visa, your name is crossed off any loan forgiveness for the rest of your life.My last point is this. NYPD is reporting a lot of the ages of the people who are being arrested, they're 25, 27, 28, 29 years old, these are not your typical undergrad. So, who are these people? They should be arrested and prosecuted.PIRRO: You know, Tyrus, one of the things that I think is very disconcerting to so many people is free Palestine, long lived the Intifada which is you know, the Palestinians uprising and killing the Jews from the river to the sea.I mean, they -- are these students so shallow that they didn't know that Gaza is its own entity that they elected Hamas to rule them?TYRUS: A lot of things that make me upset, the slogans but even we're doing it. Pro-Hamas terror, take the pro, where's the guts? Ter -- Hamas terrorists are at the school? Why do we keep calling them pro? Why? They're not pro.I am Hamas, if I said I am a black panther. And Harold's -- me and Harold are Black Panthers, Jesse one percent. You're in. We're Black Panthers, we will be treated differently at work.If I decided to overnight to identify as a Nazi, and I came into this and I am representing Nazis today on THE FIVE. How many commercial breaks would I make Jesse?WATTERS: Zero.TYRUS: Zero. I think I'd be out, gone. So, again, we got to stop with the pro. They talk. They want to be it. They're not going to change. These aren't young kids. These are pamphlet protesters who for some reason they have circled.And here's the deal, the way this stuff works, Black Americans needs to pay attention because it usually runs downhill. They'll start with one group and then they'll start with us.And when is it going to be on, now, we -- and this -- just in this last couple years, after the women have been under attacked, being a man's -- men has been under attack and now basically Jews, everything that's wrong with them when the original are -- it doesn't matter whether you're pro- Israel or not, if you're a father, a husband, a son, a wife, a mother, and seeing what happened on October 7th, and there should be no question to support them. Absolutely no question.But when they say pro-pro, start calling what they are, they are just what they want to be. But let them experience it. And let's start getting a list of actual charges press.And hey, to real quick, the president he did walk away good. He went in the right direction when he left, because as we know, he's very sharp.PIRRO: Yes, clearly, you know what, the whole idea of the core curriculum in these Ivy League universities, Harold, has changed. And I think it's almost -- I think that this is one of the things that may lead to a rejection of the Ivy League colleges and more kids applying to Clemson and some of the other universities, you know, that these elite universities, they've lost credibility as will their graduates going forward?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I don't know. But first, it's good to be back around the table. I'm not convinced that how long term this will be, but you could -- you could very well be right.I'm going to say what I've said for the last several days and align with everything around the table. There's no place for threats, violence or identifying as a terrorist. Every president should have every right to err on the side of their code of conduct. If their code of conduct is an ambiguous in any way, err on the side of protecting your students, be they Jewish students, be they not Jewish students, be they black, I don't care what, your job is to protect your students.Two, I'm glad the president signed the bill to date, it provides aid to Ukraine and provides aid to our friends and Israel and provides aid to our Asian allies as they tried to counter China.And there was a bipartisan coalition to pass it and the president deserves credit. Speaker Johnson deserves credit.I'm not sure if I was Speaker Johnson, I've gone -- I would have gone to Columbia's campus today. I would have said it from the House floor. But he had every right along with his colleagues to do that.What I hope happens now is what you're seeing around the table, it is hypocritical for Republicans to who could really partisan at this issue to try to make this about Democrats when almost a third of Republicans did not support the bill to aid -- to provide aid to Israel equally.So, it's hypocritical of Democrats and president of -- President Biden, to say things about Black Lives Matter, to say things when George Floyd happened, but not to say something and respond when you're walking off after giving a press conference there.If we don't have the courage as politicians, and I'm a former politician, a recovering politician, and frankly, would love to go back.PIRRO: Oh.(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: All I'm saying is I love the business of politics and public service. If we don't have the decency to say that threats and violence have no place that you can say you are for the Palestinian people, and for a two-state solution, but be totally against those who are aligning themselves with Hamas, or who are threatening Jewish students or who are engaging in violent acts against Jewish people in this country around the world. Then, what are you?So, I would say the White House and to the president, maybe the president didn't hear the question, I give him the benefit of the doubt.PIRRO: No.FORD JR.: Hold on. Time out, guys. Let me finish my point. Let me finish my point. I give everybody the benefit of doubt, including people around the table, I give them the benefit of the doubt. But it's very hard. It'll be very difficult going forward.If there's not a statement from the White House on this issue condemning the violence, condemning the threats and condemning any student who says or for that matter, any professor who's teaching, as you said, so well, Tyrus, it's not -- it's Hamas. You can't say you're a Black Panther or you're an ISIS and not be arrested. This is wrong, and they should be speaking about it.PIRRO: OK. I want to make one thing clear, Joe Biden, before he went out and spoke about that bill, giving the money away and about the ByteDance divested itself from TikTok said, "I will take questions on this later" and he never did, where the audio was clear. There was no Marine One in the background. Everybody was teed up.He said he would take questions and he didn't because you're giving him the benefit of the doubt. And I'm telling you what the facts are.FORD JR.: I give you the benefit of the doubt too.PIRRO: No, you're not giving me the benefit of the doubt. The press said it.FORD JR.: Judge, I agree with you.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: You have too (INAUDIBLE) those are the facts.FORD JR.: The longer they don't say it, the less credibility -- the less credibility they will have and I agree with you.PIRRO: Up next, the liberal media definitely needs some therapy, the sickos want to see President Trump locked up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Donald Trump could become the first president in history to go to jail and the media is cheering it on. At any moment, we could hear from the judge on whether he thinks the former president violated his gag order in his hush money criminal trial. Prosecutors want to slap Trump with a $1,000 fine for each of the 10 alleged violations and they want all offending posts removed.What they are not asking for is jail time. The press on the other hand is outright demanding it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The fine is not going to deter, but incarceration will. If I were the trial judge, yes, I would impose jail time.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If Donald Trump continues to attack jurors and or witnesses or even court personnel, then the judge will really have no choice but to incarcerate them. That could be for an afternoon or overnight.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would give him two weeks of home confinement with an ankle bracelet. If he's a good boy, in those two weeks and he doesn't violate the gag order, we can take off the ankle bracelet.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And we could have gone on, though it's unlikely Trump will be thrown in the slammer, his Secret Service has reportedly had preliminary discussions on what to do if he were.This is unbelievable, Judge. What do you think the Merchan is waiting for in this gag order issue, what's going on?PIRRO: I don't know what's taking so long, but the prosecutors have asked for a meeting with the federal state and city officials regarding what would happen if Trump were to be sent to jail.And then all of a sudden, the prosecutors come out and they say, you know, we're not -- we're not looking for jail time against the president for the gag order.And these people are idiots. I mean, they don't understand the criminal justice system. They are fools, OK?Number one, the guy who's 77 years old. Number two, what's a class C felony, the most you can get is for years.And number three, the guy doesn't have a criminal record. The last thing you would do is sentence this man to jail. OK.But having said all that, I looked at the order where Donald Trump is gagged and the ordered says three things that Donald Trump cannot make or direct others to make public statements. He cannot make or direct others to make public statements about counsel and he cannot make your direct others to make public statements about him prospective juror, OK?Now, I also looked up every one of the tweets that the President on Truth Social is supposedly sent that violate allegedly the gag order. There is no violation because he did not make a direct. All he did was repost things that Andy McCarthy said, that Jonathan Turley said, that the editorial board said, that Michael Avenatti said, that Jesse Watters said.WATTERS: Who's that?TYRUS: Who?PIRRO: OK, I do not -- OK, there is no violation of the gag order, period, end of the story.PERINO: What do you think, Harold? Are you giving them -- the judge the benefit of the doubt?FORD JR.: Well, I'll give the President Trump the benefit of the doubt in this regard. I know people are like that, but that's just the kind of guy I am.I think a couple of things, if the president as a defendant, he's still an American, who we all -- if he gets a precedent that is set, then we all are able to follow it. But he's special, but he's not super American because of that too.I would only send him to jail, I would lay it out clearly to him. If you attack a juror, identify juror or endanger a juror, or you do the same to court personnel, I will release this to the public, you will be jailed, period.The other stuff will be $1,000 fines. I can take all criticism myself. I think that Michael Cohen, who has been -- I don't understand why President Trump can't say things about Michael Cohen because Michael Cohen has said things about him as a witness who's coming before the courts. I think that is fair game.But if you're going to say anything about a juror, if I were that judge, if you say anything about court personnel or their families, you endanger them, Mr. President, I don't care what your name is, what job you serve them before. You're an American, you will go to jail. Other than that, I'd fine him and we get on with the trial.PERINO: Jesse Watters?WATTERS: I mean, Teflon Don is a slippery little sucker. And he's survived bankruptcy, Access Hollywood, the Russia hoax, impeachment, January 6, who's left for dead, and the man's got nine lives. And the Democrats know he's such a threat because he beat Hillary and the only reason he lost to Biden was because of COVID and the CIA and the FBI --FORD JR.: And because he didn't get as many votes.WATTERS: So, they see him as a threat because you can play on their turf, in the Rust Belt, and you can play in their bass with blacks, Hispanics, young people. And so, they've decided to stop politicking and they just want to incarcerate the guy.And they caught him. They trapped him in a cage. We call it a courtroom, but it's a cage. And he's like King Kong, and they're sending Maddow down there. And she's looking at him like an animal. She's like, well, man, his hair is really orange. Look at his eyes. Look at his lips. He's angry. He's mad. He's upset watching them. They're not providing any sort of legal analysis.Joy Reid went down there. He's like, well, he's bigger than I thought he was. I mean, they're acting like it's like a zoo creature. And what happens with King Kong you remember, boom, it's not going to be good. So, he's going to bust out of this cage. Eventually, they're not going to be able to keep him down.FORD JR.: They killed King Kong.TYRUS: Yes.WATTERS: I didn't --TYRUS: He took a white woman on top of a building and was frown upon in the 40s.WATTERS: I don t think I saw the end of that movie.TYRUS: That was a bad day for King Kongs everywhere.WATTERS: Well, I hope King Kong 2 is a little bit different.PIRRO: Jesse (INAUDIBLE).TYRUS: Yes, the one percent is not going to save you --PERINO: Tyrus, what did you think about that media montage like?TYRUS: Here man, it's just Jesse with King Kong it's just completely blown my mind. I think they're -- to quote Star Wars. I think the problem is they want to put him in jail. Desperately. The judge wants to put him in jail.It's just their little -- these progresses a little cleverer than I thought. On this one they're awake, not woke, because the -- is the risk worst the -- worth the reward with President Trump.You lock him up, he's a martyr. And you inspire -- you will get voters over like, you know what, I'm staying home as a Republican, you're going to rally the base, you're going to rally the independents, you're going to rally the Libertarians, you're like, this man has been put in jail for what is thin to nothing.We literally have seen to where people have said horrible things about our Supreme Court justices outside their house, and we're still waiting for them to be arrested.So, this administration has been very lacks. So, now you're seeing them, oh, they're going to lock him up. You aren't just doing his campaigning for him. That's why they're struggling.You want to fine him a $1,000? The dude just dropped two Halliburtons of half of almost a billion dollars in the (INAUDIBLE) like, do you think that's going to hurt him? It's not, they're stuck right now.They made a big move, we'll lock him up. They expected to scare him. And then old Don was like, do what you got to do.FORD JR.: So, they put him in jail for attacking a juror?TYRUS: Yes. But they -- but they didn't --PIRRO: No.TYRUS: They didn't wait until he did that.PIRRO: Where did he attack the juror?TYRUS: He didn't, no. He's asking me a question hypothetical.FORD JR.: Judge, I'm saying that this would be what I would lay out if I were the judge.PIRRO: But the judge lay it out.TYRUS: But the judge already playing out.PIRRO: You know who's fault that is? The judge. The judge should not have allowed any information out. But under this gag order, Trump did not violate it.FORD JR.: So, if you asked me a question, I was just trying --PIRRO: I answered it.WATTERS: Are you sure King Kong died at the end?TYRUS: Yes, he got the white woman and they were fine. But once he got to the top of the building --WATTERS: I thought he was up there on the top of the building.TYRUS: He was up and they shut him down. it was 1946, we've come a long way from it.WATTERS: All right.PERINO: All right. (INAUDIBLE) Up next, is Kim Kardashian getting on the Trump train? Again, we're going to do this. While the reality star offering some kind words for the former president.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: 2024 we're going to make Donald Trump a loser again. Just injected a little bleach in your veins. He missed it. All went to his hair.I shouldn't have said that.Think about the guys you grew up with you who like to get into the corner and just give him a straight left. I'm not suggesting we hit the president. Imagine what we can do next, four more years.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Tough guy Joe Biden is talking a big game about beating Donald Trump both at the ballot box and with a left hook. As usual, it was all bark and no bite. Biden pulled a Ron Burgundy by reading the instruction pause on the teleprompter. And he's confused on who the real loser is.A new batch of polls in key swing states shows Biden trailing former President Trump in six out of seven of them. Some Democratic strategists think Joe Biden is faltering because he's lost his superpower of empathy. Speaking of empathy, Kim Kardashian thinks Trump has it in spades.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIMMY KIMMEL, COMEDIAN: How are you and Donald Trump right now? I think on the outs, right? No good.KIM KARDASHIAN, MEDIA PERSONALITY: Listen, I don't think he likes me very much.KIMMEL: Yes, yes.KARDASHIAN: But I'm OK. You know, I think he did amazing stuff with prison reform and let a lot of people out and signed an amazing bill the First Step Act, and so that's what I'll focus on.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It stops the discussion. Judge Jeanine, this is a new form we're seeing from Joe Biden. He's trying to trigger the former president, trying to hit him with a left. Do you think that's going to pan out?PIRRO: I tell you. What's going to -- what's going to deliver the final punch to Joe Biden is the economy. We've got 17 million households in this country who are struggling to afford food. And when people can't afford food, they get really angry. And part of the reason that they can't --WATTERS: Angry.PIRRO: Angry. And part of the reason that they can't afford food is because Joe Biden has put so much money into the economy. And Joe has to stop spending money and stop giving it away. But he doesn't care. He thinks he's buying everybody and buying vote. He keeps telling us that inflation is up only three or four percent, when the truth is he -- because of Joe Biden, we don't include food or gas in inflation.And right now, groceries are up 30 percent, rents are higher, interests are higher, homelessness is increasing, and credit cards are charged to the max for the first time in American history. This is the highest ever. It's a record high. And people are taking money out of their 401(k)s.So, while illegals get money and the veterans don't and we pay for pensions for employees in the U.K. -- or in Ukraine, and while 17 million Americans are hungry, Joe makes sure that 10 million, 11 million illegals get their food. People are going to be angry not so much about Kim and maybe it's -- and maybe it's because of Taylor going for Biden, who knows what it is. But the truth is he's going to lose on this.WATTERS: Your plastic is not maxed out yet, right?PIRRO: No.WATTERS: Good.TYRUS: She's got those black ones.WATTERS: No Limit, right?PIRRO: No limit.WATTERS: No limit.TYRUS: Lonely soldier over there.WATTERS: We were always hearing about this big post-State of the Union Joe Biden bounce. It looks like it's dead now according to Bloomberg.PIRRO: Well, and also, for Biden, like -- so he can articulate all the polls where he's up but he can't articulate a message to Jewish students at America's campuses. I mean, I that's where I the line in giving him the benefit of the doubt. There's also this whole idea of the empathy superpower. I think it's a myth.WATTERS: I do too. Because I think that ended at the withdrawal of Afghanistan, perhaps. I mean, that might have been the point because his poll numbers have never really recovered since then. Also, East Palestine. Remember, he couldn't go there. But if you're going to try to own the good polls, you have to be willing to own the bad polls. And the polls are very difficult for them, that's why you have Democrats concerned.What they tell him he needs to do is be more fiery, and that fiery and yelling shows energy. I'm not sure that's going to work.WATTERS: Do you think that came across well?TYRUS: I think it came across fine, Jesse. How did I do, Dana?WATTERS: Great.PERINO: Exactly it.TYRUS: Thanks.WATTERS: You're president.TYRUS: Listen, this whole election is going to come down to facts or feelings. It's -- the Biden Administration is going to run on feelings. When you have his speeches there, he has rope up on the wall because he knows what stopped the Red Wave was an emotional feeling response to what was going on with Roe versus Wade. So, his whole thing is going to be feelings.So, as we get closer, and we know Republicans, much like my sweet Boston Celtics, do not know how to maintain a lead. So, we will do something before we're going into that -- will emotionally fire up his base. And the ones who are going to stay home or maybe think about crossing the line, they'll emotionally be connected because Republicans, we got to -- we got to get on a feelings tour. We got to start -- we got to take some steps back split the diff.President Trump is the one president right now that I think of the two that could bring the sides together, crazy idea, by maybe giving the Democrats or the independence something they want. And I know this is going to be -- Judge looked at me like I was crazy when I threw this at her. He needs to think about having a different perspective on Roe versus Wade. If you take that away from the Biden Campaign, what do they got? Then people will start worrying about economy and the cost of eggs and things like that. But you have to get the emotional side to vote for you. You can't just be facts, in my opinion.WATTERS: Let's go to the most emotional man at the table.FORD JR.: Absolutely. So, we're in the second inning of a -- of a ball game here and the polls do not look good for President Biden. They've not looked good in the first inning, now we're in the second inning. We're at a time in which the the electorate is clearly unhappy and unsettled. Unhappy with both candidates to be -- to be candid about it. But it looks as if we're stuck with these candidates here.After what happened, to your point, Tyrus, in 2022 and even 2023 in the elections, I think we should all show some pause as we look at -- look at these issues. But Dana I think nailed it at the outset. Presidential elections -- re-elections are about the economy. And you said it too, Judge, it's about the reelect for a president. You have to have the economy in good shape, solid shape, and looking as if it's growing to be reelected.I think abortion and the reproductive rights issue is powerful. It's more powerful than I thought frankly in 2022 and 2023 and I think it's sustains itself. But I've always identified three dates, Memorial Day Weekend, Fourth of July, and really about the last week of August because kids started to go back to school in big parts of the country, not where we live, Jesse, with our kids. But you all went back to school early down in Louisiana and where I'm from in Tennessee. What's the cost of gas at Memorial Day? What's the cost of food and gas at Fourth of July? And what's the cost of clothes and electronics and even the things that are not included in that inflation number? And then you get to the home stretch at September and October.If the -- if the economy is not in a better position for everyday Americans, you cannot tell someone the numbers say you're doing better than you -- than you are. There are a lot of politicians at home who said that. You have to have an economy that is moving in the right direction, costs that are coming down, the things you talked about, Judge, repeatedly on the show, including groceries. If that is not the case, we will be having a very different conversation come mid-August to mid-September.WATTERS: It's really good to have you back around the table.PIRRO: Yes, it is.FORD JR.: I'm glad to be back. You gave me the benefit of the doubt.PERINO: Yes, always.WATTERS: Up next, Joe Biden bans TikTok as we know it.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: TikTok is on the chopping block. President Biden signing the law -- the bill that forces the social media giant, Chinese-owned parent company ByteDance -- I'm trying to read here -- to sell or face a ban. They will have roughly nine months to sell the wildly popular app that has over 170 million users. But TikTok vows they will take the Biden Administration to court.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHOU CHEW, CEO, TIKTOK: It's obviously a disappointing moment but it does not need to be a defining one. It's actually ironic because the freedom of expression on TikTok reflects the same American values that make the United States a beacon of freedom. Rest assured we aren't going anywhere.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Despite Biden signing the bill, his campaign says that they will stay on TikTok. Former President Trump is blasting Biden over the ban saying, "Just so everyone knows, especially the young people, Crooked Joe Biden is responsible for banning TikTok.Judge, your thoughts on this. Is it a security -- a national security threat? Should the Congress have done it? And do you make of Biden staying on it?PIRRO: OK. Look, I'm not privy to national security information especially --FORD JR.: It's never stop you before.TYRUS: I'm actually shocked.PIRRO: I'm not giving the benefit of -- look, there is a problem. There's a First Amendment problem, and that's what he was talking about. They're going to sue on the basis of the First Amendment, Free Speech. Meta gains if ByteDance has to devest itself. But here's the question. Why are they banning TikTok? OK, they say it's addictive and they say that the information is being collected by the Chinese government and that's why they're mandating a sale within the next nine months. It's silencing 170 million people and their right to Free Speech. I don't know much more about it than that.FORD JR.: So, Meta and our social media giants, Dana, are not -- they're not allowed in China.PERINO: Right.FORD JR.: So, this is -- so TikTok -- so, in some ways it's reciprocity to the point.PERINO: I have good news for everyone.FORD JR.: What's your answer to -- your reaction to this?PERINO: So, I have good news for everyone. When the TikTok guy says rest assured we're not going anywhere. That's true. Even if the sale goes through, TikTok is allowed to continue. You can have all your videos and all your nonsense and all your great information, whatever you get there.But this was something that happened to another very popular social media site. I've never been on it. It's called Grindr, OK. They did the same thing. It was owned by a Chinese company. They made them sell it. Nobody stopped going on that app because of that. The same -- it's the exact same thing. So, you have to ask yourself, why does China care so much? Why are they going into the mat like this? Why do they want to fight it so much? Because they want the information.The other thing is if you look at the difference between the Antisemitism that is pushed on TikTok versus the videos that you see on Instagram and Reels, it is vastly, vastly different. And that is one of the things that you'll hear from anybody who's up there at Colombia or NYU or at these campuses. A lot of that is coming from there and it's being -- any like sort of pro-Israel content is being suppressed. Why would they do that? Again, why would they fight?But just remember, like you can be rest assured TikTok is going to exist. They might just not -- it'll be seamless to the consumer. You won't even know.FORD JR.: T?TYRUS: Look, as a parent, this is a joke. This is laughable, OK. You're just -- you're just passing one bad person over to another. The difference is China is not getting information. But let's not be fooled. Instagram, Facebook, they're the same thing. You know, even Elon with X in terms of what they're doing to our children.If they really cared about monitoring the Internet -- listen, there's this little thing called an algorithm. Those algorithms can tell you how old you are, what you're doing, what you're purchasing. So, if there was a pedophile who was sending stuff, they know it. It's easy to find. They know how old your kid is when he gets online and says that he's 18 on PornHub. He's not. And then he starts getting emails and rabbit holes and this and way of money. They don't care. This is an absolute joke.If you really cared about doing something about social media, TikTok is one stream. We have an ocean of just garbage out there.PERINO: That's true.TYRUS: So, if you're really going to do something, start -- you want to start sex trafficking. You want to stop -- you want to stop the drugs the fentanyl stuff, it's all in social media. They're making these deals online, these predator -- Jesse, if you and I made right now an app on anyone those social media saying that we're a 13-year-old girl, we would have 40-year-old men hollering at us within less than three minutes.WATTERS: Holler at me. Holler at me.TYRUS: Yes, you know what I'm saying. So, in the -- in Yiddish word, this is a haza, Judge. It's a pig that don't fly straight.PIRRO: OK.FORD JR.: Primetime.WATTERS: A little clarification about something that was said in the B block. On behalf the table, I would like to apologize for everybody else being wrong about King Kong.TYRUS: It was 1933.WATTERS: Kong Skull Island 2017, Kong lives. Kong versus Godzilla, Kong lives. Apology accepted.TYRUS: That's not a King Kong movie.WATTERS: Apology accepted.TYRUS: Those are wrong movies.WATTERS: Also, I consider myself a pretty emotionally intelligent person. I thought I knew myself.TYRUS: Let's take a vote on this table.PERINO: Can we have a vote about it?WATTERS: No one knows me better than TikTok. I go on just to see what's going on. I started deep dive. The next thing I know, I'm just showered with videos of cute 30-year-old women in a leisure --PIRRO: See, why is that?WATTERS: -- in a nicely renovated kitchen dancing to hip-hop. And I think to myself --PIRRO: Why?WATTERS: That's my wife. They know me really well, and that's what's scary.FORD JR.: Mark Warner and Marco Rubio both agreed that we should -- we should do this, so I'm in support of it. No Hollywood Blockbusters for you. Jerry Seinfeld is declaring that "the movie business is over."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TYRUS: There you go, Jesse. Get them up there. That's how we're doing it. What's the deal with Hollywood? Jerry Seinfeld says the movie business is toast. He said, "Film doesn't occupy the pinnacle in the social cultural hierarchy that it did for most of our lives. And when a movie came out, if it was good, we all went to see it, we all discussed it. We all quoted the lines and scenes we liked."OK, he's missing one point. We haven't had good movies.PIRRO: That's exactly the point.TYRUS: That's what it is. We need -- we haven't had a Godfather. We haven't had a -- we haven't had Arnold Schwarzenegger movie with a great one line. So, it's not that. It's woke movies have hurt us. But listen, we had some good movies this summer. Barbie did well. My daughters loved it. Oppenheimer which I can't pronounce say my life was good.PIRRO: Oppenheimer.TYRUS: And Godzilla versus King Kong was phenomenal, Jesse.WATTERS: Who survived? Who survived.TYRUS: Everybody survived because Godzilla is -- now, listen, is it -- quick -- we got to go quick round here. Do, you believe that movies are dead? Yes or no.PIRRO: No.TYRUS: Awesome. Harold?FORD JR.: I think quality writing is alive but do agree with the movie. Because TV and everything else, there's so much -- so much good stuff there.PIRRO: But there are movies on TV.TYRUS: OK, I gave you the benefit of the doubt, it was a yes or no. Now, you're my vote.FORD JR.: The movie business, yes. The movie business as we know it is over.TYRUS: Jesse?FORD JR.: Banana and in the tailpipe.WATTERS: It's over. Because you can buy a surround sound home studio --TYRUS: Yes, you could.WATTERS: -- for not a lot of money. Now, people sit back, pop their own popcorn --PIRRO: So, we're talking about movies or movie theater?TYRUS: Judge, you're interrupting. That's a fine. Dana, go.PERINO: Like, the movies are too long. People weren't sure what to watch. I think Seinfeld right.TYRUS: Yes. And always read books, right, Dana?PERINO: Oh, absolutely.TYRUS: See?FORD JR.: The Judge would like -- the Judge would like to revise and extend her answer. Would you like to --TYRUS: Overruled.PIRRO: You said movies or movie theaters?TYRUS: Judge, overruled.PIRRO: Yes, no. It's nonsense.TYRUS: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Hit it, Harold.FORD JR.: A group of brave Samaritans pulled a man to safety from his burning car in Minnesota. The group had just witnessed a driver's SUV -- look at this -- veer off the road in a light pole before catching fire. Multiple people pulled over to help free the trapped man as the guardrail held the driver's door shut. Dash cam video captured the moment. They pulled him through a window right before the flames engulfed his car. Look at that. Blessedly, blessedly, the driver avoided serious injuries.Jesse, hit it.PIRRO: You see -- no, but you know what I'm going to say.WATTERS: Not that there's anything wrong with that.PIRRO: Yes, no, there isn't. Go ahead, Jesse.WATTERS: Happy birthday, Jan! Emma's mom has a big birthday today.FORD JR.: Happy birthday!PERINO: Happy birthday!WATTERS: There she is with one of our children. I'm not really sure which one that is, but we love her very much. Great mom. Great sister.PERINO: You only do the same picture for their birthday.WATTERS: Great grandmother. I do. Well, there she is. Happy birthday, Jan! You're the best. Tour date update, we're now backing into 9:00 a.m. in Vero Beach on the 27th because it's going to be a long one.TYRUS: Where is Vero Beach?WATTERS: It's north of Palm Beach and it's a little too north because I'm staying in Palm Beach and a little annoyed about my logistical --FORD JR.: We want the crowd to come out though. Please come.WATTERS: Anyway, tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," we have Speaker Johnson, Jon Lovitz, and Adam Carolla 8:00.FORD JR.: It's going to be a good one.PIRRO: All right, Dana.PERINO: OK, so you -- have you seen this Taylor Swift video? I bet your children have watched. Here we go.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: All right, so people have been talking about this. But here's this dog doing the same thing. Watch. There's there no music, guys? That's kind of boring. I'm supposed to talk over it. Well, I don't know what the song is.TYRUS: Sing it. Hit it, Jesse.PERINO: Hit it, Taylor. OK, that's all I got.WATTERS: Taylor.PIRRO: OK, have you ever wanted to work out with the Mona Lisa or Venus de Milo? Then you were in luck. Stop it. The famous Louvre Museum in Paris is hosting yoga and other workout --WATTERS: Louvre? How do you say it?PIRRO: Louvre. Workout classes as a way --WATTERS: Is that French?PIRRO: Be quiet. As a way to combine culture with sports ahead of the Summer Olympics. Parisians take part in four 10-minute classes earlier today as part of a course named Run in the Louvre. The activities included yoga dance, stair climbing, and running in different rooms, and none of them were climate changers. All right, Tyrus.TYRUS: Hit it.PIRRO: Hit it.TYRUS: Listen, check out seagull screeching contest in Belgium where a 9- year-old boy from England was the crowned winner. Not bad. Mine is better. And speaking of better, you can check out my Tyrus Live Comedy Tour. You can check out my like Tyrus Live Comedy Tour in states all over the country.WATTERS: Where are you going to be in the 27th of September?TYRUS: I will be where I'm at. I'd be where I'll be and that's all you need to know.PIRRO: Decatur, Illinois.TYRUS: It's cities everywhere.WATTERS: Illinois.PIRRO: That's fantastic.TYRUS: Judge, do you have a birdcall? You can do a birdcall.PIRRO: No. An owl.