JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The Kamala Harris podcast at 8:00.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Is she on your show?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Does she make news?WATTERS: At 8:00 Eastern.PIRRO: Just watch him. OK. That's it for us, everybody. Have a great night. Thanks for watching.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So, Judge, I understand that Vice President Harris is on Jesse's show. Is that right?PIRRO: Yes, that's what I think.BAIER: That's what I heard.WATTERS: That's what you understand.BAIER: That's what I heard. OK.PIRRO: Take care.BAIER: All right. Good evening. Welcome, Washington. I'm Bret Baier. The Biden team hammers former President Trump's states' rights abortion policy after a major ruling in Arizona on that issue today, we'll take a look at it.Parents of the Michigan school shooter are sentenced to at least a decade in prison for involuntary manslaughter, a precedent setting conviction and now sentencing.Plus, confessions of a veteran still working in the heart of the mainstream media elite about what he calls his employer's leftist lurch.But first, breaking tonight, a horrific terror plot thwarted. FBI officials say a teenager in Idaho who planned what are described as horrific and violent plots against churches on behalf of the ISIS terror group is now in custody. What was he planning? Were there others involved? CCorrespondent David Spunt starts us off tonight with this breaking news from the Justice Department. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to u. A disturbing story. FBI agents arrested this 18-year-old student one day before they say he planned to attack more than 20 churches killing as many people as possible. The plan was thwarted, as you say, the attack never happened and tonight he is sitting in a jail cell. His name is Alexander Mercurio. He's 18 years old. We have his mugshot from the local sheriff's office in Idaho.Authorities say that he had other weapons including knives, fire to kill people in or around Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. He planned this attack for April 7th. Authorities say he telegraphed his plans to confidential human sources working for the FBI.According to the complaint, material message one of the sources, "I don't know how much longer I can take being here. The siege of ignorance is strangling me and I don't have the desire to do anything except Jihad, a craving for mayhem and terror."This photograph was taken just last week, Bret, shortly before he was arrested. At his home, police found a metal pipe handcuffs. A folding saw head covering, two canisters of butane fuel, a machete, hand sanitizer, a knife and an ISIS flag.If convicted, he faces up to 20 years behind bars in federal prison. The FBI first learned of him in 2021 during an investigation into people using cryptocurrency to support terrorism. But investigators say his rhetoric recently intensified including this post. "The plan is basically this, lie to my dad and say I'm going on a walk, leave. Walk to a park, send a video which is a bayah video, expressing his allegiance to the Islamic State. Delete all my social media on my phone, then walk to the nearest church. Stop close by the church, equip the weapons and storm the temple. Kill as many people as possible before they inevitably dispersed or scattered, then burn the temple to the ground and flee the scene. Then move on to the next church rinse and repeat for all 21 plus churches in the town until killed."Unfortunately, Bret, the story not isolated. We did a quick search just through DOJ files, found 21 different cases with people living in the United States expressing some support or help to ISIS. And that's just since the beginning of 2023, Bret.BAIER: David Spunt at the Justice Department. David, thank you.The Arizona Supreme Court ruled today that the state could enforce an 1864 law that criminalizes nearly all abortions in the state of Arizona. The Biden team wasting no time pointing to former President Donald Trump's position that abortion laws should be left to the states. The issue of abortion front and center at least this week in the 2024 campaign.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has details tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Another thing that popped up here today are some comments by the president. The White House did not say whether Biden really thinks that Republicans are trying to kill Americans by undoing the Affordable Care Act. He said an interpretation of his words in that way was extreme. You can listen for yourself to what he said.In the meantime, the White House is trying to keep the focus where they think it'll help Biden's reelection the most and that is on abortion.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They want to terminate the Affordable Care Act, terminate. And guess what, killing millions of Americans, take them off of health care insurance.HEINRICH (voice over): President Biden taking aim at MAGA Republicans today before the White House held Trump responsible for Arizona's Supreme Court decision reviving a near total abortion ban from 1864. The ruling outlaws abortion from the time of conception except to save the life of the mother and punishes providers with prison time.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: When the president's predecessor handicapped three Supreme Court justices to overturn Roe v. Wade, it paved the way for the chaos and confusion we're seeing play out across the country today.HEINRICH (voice over): Enforcement is on hold for 14 days, pending additional arguments. But Biden has also seized on Trump's refusal to support or oppose a national ban.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My view is now that we have abortion where everybody wanted it from a legal standpoint.HEINRICH (voice over): Biden wrote, he's worried that since he's the one responsible for overturning Roe, the voters will hold him accountable in 2024. Well, I have news for Donald, they will.But the president's been silent on another big issue. Extremist protesters chanting Death to America, Death to Israel in Dearborn, Michigan Friday.HEINRICH: Does the president condemn that?JEAN-PIERRE: Yes.HEINRICH: Should we expect a statement from the president on that though, it was a pretty significant display?JEAN-PIERRE: I mean, you're hearing from me, I think that's important.HEINRICH (voice over): In February, it took only two days for Biden to denounce a Wall Street Journal op-ed calling Dearborn America's Jihad capital. The editorial pointed to several local Imams denouncing America as a terrorist state and pushing to destroy Israel, one even calling to, "normalized Jihad."Biden tweeted at the time, Americans know that blaming a group of people based on the words of a small few is wrong. That's exactly what can lead to Islamophobia and anti-Arab hate.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): And today, there were families of Americans still being held hostage by Hamas here at the White House. They met with the vice president but not with President Biden.In a readout, the White House said that Harris underscored that there is no higher priority for both herself and the president than bringing those hostages home back, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thank you.A New York appeals court judges rejecting the latest bid by former President Trump to delay his criminal trial for falsifying business records concerning payments to a former adult film star. The former president's lawyers had wanted to trial postponed indefinitely while he fights a gag order that bars him from commenting about jurors, witnesses the judge and others connected to the case.The decision means the first of the former presidents four criminal trials will start as scheduled. April 15th.Stocks were mixed today ahead of a key inflation report. The Dow lost nine, S&P 500 was up eight, the NASDAQ gained 53.And about face tonight by House Speaker Mike Johnson, the much anticipated Articles of Impeachment for Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas are now getting the slow walk to the U.S. Senate. This is the Speaker himself, he's walking a political tightrope to try to hold on to his job while at the same time trying to get key legislation across the finish line.Senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram has our story live from Capitol Hill. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. House Speaker Mike Johnson plan to send the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate tomorrow night. But Senate conservatives demanded a delay. They want more time to make the case that the Senate should hold a full trial. House impeachment managers were ready to go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. MARK GREEN (R-TN): We are ready to go tomorrow.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you wish that they would just go tomorrow then in the Senate?GREEN: I mean, there's 6-1/2 dozen the other to me. You know, whatever the leadership decides, I would support it.PERGRAM: So, the trial is off until next Monday. Johnson also faces another test. One prominent member wants the House to oust the speaker.PERGRAM (voice over): Marjorie Taylor Greene firing off a letter to Republican colleagues accusing House Speaker Mike Johnson of working with Democrats. Greene has a red line for Johnson but is coy.What is the trigger? Is there something specific?REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): I'm not going to lay out a trigger. I will not be like Mike Johnson that leads us into chaos.PERGRAM (voice over): Greene says the GOP leadership, "Has been a complete and total surrender."GREENE: Do not tell me that this is the way we have to govern in a divided government because that is a lie. They are giving everything over to the Democrats and we will win nothing.PERGRAM (voice over): Other Republicans have no appetite to endure more bedlam after last year's debacle with former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy.REP. MIKE LAWLER (R-NY): I don't think what Marjorie is doing right now is helpful. And it's not helping us with our majority.PERGRAM (voice over): Members are exasperated in infighting over how Republicans run their own house.REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): I think right now what you're seeing is an inflection point for the institution.KEN BUCK, FORMER COLORADO REPRESENTATIVE: I'm not comfortable with how this institution is structured.PERGRAM (voice over): Former Congressman Ken Buck resigned early two weeks ago. He is suspicious about the motives of his now former colleagues.BUCK: A lot of them are here because they got -- they got here by throwing bombs and they're going to stay by throwing bombs.PERGRAM (voice over): Republican Mike Gallagher follows Buck out the door next week.REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): It's getting harder to get stuff done. I think you see a lot of members frustrated with that.PERGRAM (voice over): Richard Hudson leads the GOP election arm. He says more Democrats are retiring than Republicans.REP. RICHARD HUDSON (R-NC): We don't have a single retirement in a competitive seat, whereas the Democrats have more retirements than we do. And seven of their retirements are in seats that we're going to now pick up.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Some GOP members want Johnson to stare down the so called chaos caucus and forge ahead on a bill to aid Israel and Ukraine, Bret.BAIER: Chad Pergram live on the Hill. Chad, thanks. More than 50 people were arrested today after their anti-Israel protests shut down the U.S. Senate cafeteria. You look at this video. Demonstrators walking through the hallways saying children are starving in Gaza, people are dying in Gaza. Capitol Police say they were all charged with crowding and obstructing Congress.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. MICHAEL KURILLA, U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND: ISIS surged their attacks in Iraq and Syria earlier this year. And the risk of attack emanating from Afghanistan is increasing. I assess ISIS Khorasan retains the capability and the will to attack U.S. and Western interests abroad in as little as six months with little to no warning.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: There is growing concern tonight about the renewed threat from the ISIS terror network as the Middle East is a powder keg of the Israel Hamas war and Russia continues its bombardment of Ukraine. Let's bring in Fox News Senior strategic analyst retired General Jack Keane.General, thanks for being here. You know that first story we talked about is somebody that would I think was inspired the FBI believes by ISIS, but we are seeing ISIS on the move. And CENTCOM put out these stats, saying, just from January through March of 24, in Iraq and Syria, you've got 2500 ISIS fighters they believe at large, 18 were killed, 63 detained, there were 94 specific missions conducted. We don't hear a lot about it. But it's still real, that terrorist threat.GEN. JACK KEANE (RET.), FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: There's no doubt about it. I mean, two presidents have made the same decision. And that is to keep forces in Iraq and Syria, 2500 in Iraq, about 900 in Syria, to make certain of one thing that ISIS did not rise again to establish a sanctuary.The Trump administration defeated that caliphate and the sanctuaries that were a part of it in Iraq and Syria. But there's always been a concern that they can rise back and we actually have thousands of ISIS fighters in detention in Syria.We pulled out of Afghanistan, despite the warnings that ISIS and al-Qaeda could rise again. And we had about 2500 soldiers that we wanted to keep, the Europeans had 7000. They wanted to stay because they thought ISIS could rise and threaten their home country.They've attacked deep into Europe and Moscow, and certainly that validates their concern. So yes, ISIS is a growing menace and threat. We have got to keep our forces in Iraq and Syria for the reasons I stated. And we have a problem in Afghanistan, because we have no eyes and ears and not much to do anything about it.BAIER: And we obviously have concerns about who is coming over our southern border and what that looks like with all those numbers here.I want to turn to what I described as a powder keg because you have Israel, Hamas, and now Iran, possibly Hezbollah in the North. Here's the NSA, National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: A massive ground invasion of Rafah where 1.3 or more million people are sheltering. This is not the best way forward, there are better ways to go after Hamas in Rafah, we presented those ways to our Israeli counterparts in the session we held last week.BAIER: So, there is a split here. As you look at the Israeli ground operations as of April 8th, they are saying they're going to go into Rafah, they're removing troops, IDF forces in other parts of Gaza, but there is a definite split and message from the administration to the Israelis. What do you think of that?KEANE: Well, a couple of things. I mean, one is strategically I think the administration has always been off, because they never focused on the fact that Iran operationalized all of its proxies to do two things, drive the United States out of the region and destroy the State of Israel. We've never held them accountable for that. And there's lots of things we could have done, we don't need to get into all the details of that and we -- it was always been hands off, hands off in terms of sanctions and hands off in terms of any limited military actions to discourage this behavior.Second thing, the Biden administration made a statement weeks ago, that if you're going to go into Rafah make certain that you take care of the people and move them out of there and make sure there's humanitarian assistance. Israel agreed with that.There's pressure on the Biden administration now about Rafah and they have declared that Israel should not go into Rafah and the implication is if they do, we're going to pull some support.I mean, that is absolutely staggering that we have come to that position. And the lack of moral clarity on a part of this administration is appalling. I mean, we have to come to grips with the very nature of the evil that we -- that we are fighting here. This is a force that wants to destroy Israel and kill as many of its people in a process of doing it.But they're also diabolical and sinister, Bret. This is a force that protects itself in 300 miles of underground tunnels, much of it reinforced with concrete. Provides no protection for any of its people whatsoever. They are aiding and abetting the loss of life. They provide their human shields, sitting on top of these tunnel complex. They want that human life to be destroyed and incentivizes the world to come down hard on Israel.And the administration is actually strengthening Hamas's hand by doing what they are saying -- we -- they are not going to go into Rafah. And what do they -- what's the alternative? That Israel just stops and surrenders the four or five battalions in the Hamas leadership? The war ends and these guys rearm, re-equip, and re-attack again? Nobody in Israel wants that kind of an ending,BAIER: Understanding the concern about civilian casualties. But we do not hear the repeated message that the onus is on Hamas here to release the hostages, or that there are still American hostages there. We don't hear that messaging, really day-to-day.KEANE: We don't talk about the American hostages. Their name and faces should be all over the screen. And that -- that's the reality of it. The administration doesn't want pressure put on it, you know, to do something, -- do something about it.That we have been really often this thing, and the fact that we're losing the fortitude, and losing the perseverance, the administration, I'm talking about. To see this thing through the end.Look at -- it takes a bit of spine to conduct this operation in the face of the horror that we're all seeing on our T.V. screens. But the end state has got to be the destruction of Hamas.BAIER: Meanwhile, you've got Iran, you've got Hezbollah. There are a lot of moving parts here in the Middle East, let alone what Ukraine is facing and what's happening on Capitol Hill. But we'll have you back to talk about that.General, thanks.KEANE: Yes. Great talking to you, Bret. Thank you.BAIER: You too.When we come back, the historic sentencing of the parents of a school shooter. And later, a prominent California University under fire after a lecture from a paid activist criticizing Israel.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The parents of a Michigan teenager, who killed four people in a school shooting had been sentenced to 15 -- 10 to 15 years in prison. Its first-time parents had been held criminally responsible for such an act.Correspondent Garrett Tenney has details tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NICOLE BEAUSOLEIL, MOTHER OF MADISYN BALDWIN: Because you decided that you didn't want to parent and listen to your son, you took the right away for me to be a mother.STEVE ST. JULIANA, FATHER OF HANA ST. JULIANA: They chose to stay quiet. They chose to ignore the warning signs.GARRETT TENNEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): An emotional day in court for the families of the four teenagers who lost their lives in the shooting at Michigan's Oxford High School more than two years ago.Those parents echoing prosecutors' arguments that James and Jennifer Crumbley, ignored warning signs that their son's mental health was spiraling in the days leading up to the shooting.And instead of getting him help, they bought him a gun, which they failed to secure. And four days later, he used it to kill four of his classmates and injure seven others.CHERYL MATTHEWS, JUDGE, MICHIGAN CIRCUIT COURT, OAKLAND COUNTY: These convictions confirm repeated acts or lack of acts that could have halted an oncoming runaway train.TENNEY (voice over): One example of the warning signs, prosecutors say the parents ignored, seven months before the shooting, Ethan Crumbley texted a friend about hearing voices. Saying, I actually asked my dad to take me to the doctor yesterday, but he just gave me some pills and told me to suck it up. Like, it's at the point that I am asking to go to the doctor. My mom laughed when I told her.Two juries found that Crumbley is guilty of involuntary manslaughter. And today, a judge sentenced them to at least 10 years in prison for their gross negligence that allowed the shooting.But the parents maintain they had no idea what their son was planning.JENNIFER CRUMBLEY, MOTHER OF ETHAN CRUMBLEY: We good parents. We weren't perfect, but we loved our son. Your child will make a fatal decision not just with the gun -- this could happen to you too.(END VIDEOTAPE)TENNEY (on camera): Some legal experts suggest convicting the parents of a mass shooter creates a dangerous legal precedent. Today, attorneys for both James and Jennifer Crumbley said they plan to appeal their convictions. Their son Ethan is currently serving a life sentence without parole. Bret?BAIER: Garrett Tenney in our Midwest newsroom. Garrett, thanks.Up next, whether Second Amendment rights apply to illegal immigrants. We'll bring that story.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Haiti's national police agency says it has recovered a hijacked cargo ship after a five-hour long gun battle with two gangs.Two police officers were injured. It's unclear how many gang members were killed.Police a gunman seize the ship as it departed Thursday, kidnapping everyone on board, stealing around 10,000 sacks of rice,Russia and China are reaffirming their solidarity over there mutual opposition to Western democracies.Chinese leader, Xi Jinping, met with foreign -- Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Beijing.Lavrov says Russia and China oppose any international events that do not take the Kremlin's position into account.And this is a live look at Dublin from EarthCam. One of the big stories there tonight. Ireland elects its youngest leader ever. New prime minister, Simon Harris is 37 years old, takes over the country's three-party coalition government after Leo Varadkar resigned last month.Just some of the other stories "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Norfolk Southern has agreed to pay $600 million in a class action lawsuit settlement related to fiery train derailment February, 2023, in eastern Ohio. We've brought you that story numerous times. The company now says the deal, if approved, would resolve all class action claims within the 20-mile radius from that derailment in East Palestine. It would also settle personal injury claims within a 10-mile radius.President Biden's remarks -- President Biden's Justice Department, rather, is appealing a court ruling saying an illegal immigrant in Chicago has Second Amendment gun rights. The judge who made that decision was appointed by then President Obama. Here with that story, correspondent Mark Meredith.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The Second Amendment gives Americans the right to bear arms, but what about people in the U.S. illegally? That exact question now being debated after a federal judge ruled Heriberto Carbajal-Flores, a non-citizen arrested in 2020 for firing his gun in public reportedly in self-defense, has the right to own a gun despite his immigration status. Judge Sharon Johnson Coleman, who was appointed by President Obama, writes, "The nonviolent circumstances of his arrest do not support a finding that he poses a risk to public safety."The Justice Department is appealing the ruling, arguing existing laws which bar illegal persons from owning guns and ammunition should apply.THOMAS DUPREE, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: The Biden administration is not known for its zealous defense of gun rights, but at least in this case the Justice Department thinks that the statute, the law, can be applied constitutionally to this person and that he should be in jail.MEREDITH: Gun rights groups say the case poses real questions about who is entitled to weapons and when.ERICH PRATT, GUN OWNERS OF AMERICA SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT: There's a lot of potentially conflicting principles at stake. There are legal ways for immigrants to become part of we the people, but that's not what's happening here.MEREDITH: Legal experts believe the case could eventually end up before the Supreme Court, forcing nine justices to decide which rights illegal immigrants may or may not have.ANDREW ARTHUR, CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES: I think that they're going to determine that aliens who are unlawfully in the United States are not afforded full Second Amendment rights.(END VIDEO TAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): This summer the Supreme Court is expected to rule on two major cases involving the Second Amendment. The high court looking at whether or not the government should still have the ability to disarm people under domestic violence restraining orders, and whether or not a ban on bump stock devices can stand. So a lot of focus on guns up at the court, Bret.BAIER: Interesting case. Mark, thanks.Wow, nice music. Jewish faculty at one of California's top universities furious tonight over a lecture by a school paid activist who engaged in anti-Israel behavior in class. National correspondent William La Jeunesse has specifics tonight from Los Angeles.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)LISA GRAY-GARCIA: Not only are our bodies considered unclean in public --WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: That's-Lisa Gray Garcia, one of UCLA's paid activists in residence, lecturing in a mandatory class called "Structural Racism and Health Equity," where she called for a free Palestine and had medical students pray to momma earth.GRAY-GARCIA: Ridiculous momma earth prices of a commodity called momma earth.LA JEUNESSE: In a letter to UCLA, the Jewish Faculty Resilience Group described the lecture as disturbing. Some students who were visibly uncomfortable were reportedly singled out for potential discipline.DR. NIR HOFFMAN, JEWISH FACULTY RESILIENCE GROUP: She shouldn't be speaking about freeing Palestine which actually violates university policy of staying neutral. She shouldn't be forcing people to pray to pagan gods.LA JEUNESSE: UCLA describes Garcia as a former unhoused and incarcerated poverty scholar. On X she said the Hamas attack was "not terrorism. That's justice." In the classroom she led students in a chant to free Palestine.GRAY-GARCIA: Hell yes, I asked for a free, free Palestine.LA JEUNESSE: The group had warned UCLA that allowing Garcia to speak would send a pro-jihad message to the public. FOX also obtained these slides from an earlier health equity class.HOFFMAN: The problem is that laced into this class for reasons that I don't understand very serious antisemitic tropes, antisemitic statements, and antisemitic pictures.LA JEUNESSE: Other activists and residents who teach university wide include left of center social justice advocates and community organizers.DR. NICOLE SAPHIER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: We are there to care for everyone, and all of the sudden they are trying to indoctrinate these young physicians so that they have this bias.(END VIDEO TAPE)LA JEUNESSE (on camera): UCLA declined to respond to our questions about the activist or the alleged antisemitic content of the class. Now, I did speak to a student who attended the lecture, and he said some students were offended, others simply accepted it as a radical point of view. Bret?BAIER: William, thanks.Up next, a veteran editor at an elite media company goes rogue in public.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: A third channel will open this month in Baltimore's port after the Francis Scott Key bridge collapsed two weeks ago. Maryland Senator Ben Cardin says the state's congressional delegation will sponsor legislation seeking federal aid to pay the entirety of the cost for the new bridge. The bridge collapsed March 26th after being struck by the cargo ship Dali. The wreckage has blocked the main shipping channel at Baltimore's port for now two weeks.A member of the National Public Radio editorial staff, NPR, is ripping his own employer over its political bias. Uri Berliner has worked for NPR for 25 years. FOX News media analyst, host of FOX's MEDIA BUZZ, Howard Kurtz joins us tonight. Howie, good evening. There has been a lot of allegations about liberal media bias, obviously, but what makes this account unusual or different?HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS HOST: Uri Berliner is an award senior business editor at NPR, and he is taking on his own network, as you say. He says NPR has always leaned left, but now it has just gone off the rails. Here is what he told free press founder Bari Weiss.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)URI BERLINER, SENIOR BUSINESS EDITOR, NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO: Part of it was Trump's election. Like every newsroom, every legacy media newsroom, we were shocked, disturbed, distraught, really troubled. But after a while we started covering Trump in a way that we were trying to damage his presidency, to find anything we could to harm him.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Does he provide a number of specific examples here?KURTZ: Here is one. During Bob Mueller's Russia investigation, he says, NPR had Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff on 25 times and followed his talking points on alleged collusion. When no collusion was found, NPR quickly moved on from Russia-gate and with no accountability.BAIER: So obviously NPR didn't think a lot about the Hunter Biden laptop story?KURTZ: No. And I vividly remember when NPR managing editor Terence Samuel said this, "We don't want to waste our time on stories that are not really stories, and we don't want to waste the listeners' and readers' time on stories that are pure distractions." Berliner now adds this, "I listened as one of NPR's best and most fair-minded journalist said it was good we weren't following the laptop story because it could help Trump." By the way, Samuel was later promoted, and a year-and-a-half later, as you recall, major news outlets confirmed the authenticity of the laptop.BAIER: All right, so here is another one. The riots after the George Floyd killing, does he comment on that?KURTZ: Absolutely. Berliner says the message came right from the top. America's infestation was systemic racism which should be proclaimed loud and clear. And the author of a book "In Defense of Looting" was interviewed.BAIER: So the question is, is NPR pandering to their audience? Is that what he is saying?KURTZ: Well, yes, and that may not be so unusual. But that audience has changed, Bret. Now overwhelmingly white, just six percent black, and seven percent Hispanic. What's more, NPR issued a document on transgender coverage, asking staffers to avoid the term "biological sex." Other biases, says Berliner, a coming climate apocalypse, and constantly highlighting the suffering of Palestinians while downplaying the brutal Hamas atrocities against Israel that started the war on October 7th. And by the way, just before I came on air, I saw that NPR editor Edith Chapin had put out a memo to her staff saying she strongly disagrees with the criticism.BAIER: Yes. So is this -- does he suggest that this is an isolated case? Do you see that, or do you think this is kind of the tip of the iceberg?KURTZ: In my view, not at all. "The New York Times" famously fired editorial page editor James Bennet for the sin of running an online column by Republican Senator Tom Cotton. Now, an on-air revolt, as you recall, through MSNBC liberal hosts just forced their NBC forces to fire ousted RNC chief Ronna McDaniel just four days after she had been hired. And MSNBC boasts about not running many of Trump's primary victory speeches because they say, you know, he's just going to lie anyway. The common threat here, Bret, is silencing dissenting opinion.BAIER: It's an amazing story, and we wanted to do it tonight because it just happened today. I doubt it's going to be many other places, if I had to guess.KURTZ: We shall see. That would confirm something, wouldn't it?BAIER: It would. Howie, thanks.KURTZ: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: Up next, the panel on the Arizona abortion ruling, plus President Biden's comments about the ACA, Affordable Care Act. Later, "Tuesday Xtras."First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 5 in New York City where police are searching for a suspect who shoved a 68-year-old woman down the stairs of a Greek orthodox church in Queens. Startling surveillance video shows the man rummaging through her purse as the woman was on the ground. She is in critical condition tonight.FOX 2 in San Francisco where State Farm Insurance is preparing to drop tens of thousands of policy holders due to significant wildfire risk. A recent state filing by the company shows zip codes where homeowners will be impacted, and State Farm is California's largest home insurer.And this is a live look at Orlando from our affiliate FOX 35. One of the big stories there tonight, the final Delta-4 rocket launch, the device carrying a secret reconnaissance pay load into orbit. The United Launch Alliance is replacing its fleet with the Vulcan rocket.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: There are now 21 extreme state abortion bans in effect across the country.SEN. MARK KELLY (D-AZ): Women in Arizona deserve to make their own decision about an abortion. And that ended with this ruling. And that's because of former President Donald Trump.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM, (R-SC): We will continue to focus on the child in the pro-life movement. It's not about geography. It's about the well-being of the child. President Trump was a good pro-life president, and we'll see where this goes.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, abortion is dominating, at least this week, the 2024 campaign. This as a court in Arizona striking down and saying that an 1864 law, you can rule all abortions essentially illegal. Abortion -- "Arizona abortion's bombshell tests Trump's new position," from Axios. "By declining to endorse a national abortion ban, Trump had hoped to insulate himself from the types of Democratic attacks that have proven so effective in election over the last two years. The Dobbs decision in which the Supreme Court rejected a federal right to abortion is cited repeatedly throughout the Arizona ruling, underscoring the difficult tightrope Trump is walking."And, obviously, the Biden campaign hopped all over this today. Let's bring in our panel and start there, Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner," Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers. Byron, significant, and it seems like politically harmful to Republicans kind of across the board.BYRON YORK, CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT, "THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER": Almost seems scripted. Trump comes out yesterday and makes this big statement about leaving abortion to the states. He's really trying to create a tent that enough Republicans can stand under to elect him in November. So he does that yesterday. Today, Arizona comes out after the Biden campaign jumps all over Trump and said states are going to do radical things and Trump is going to be at fault. And then they do this with 1864 law. It absolutely seems scripted. And Trump is going to get stuck with this time after time after time throughout this campaign.BAIER: Francesca?FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": In his video he actually said that he was the one who appointed these justices to the Supreme Court that led to the overturning of Roe. So the Biden campaign and Trump do agree on one thing, which is that it was his justices that helped to overturn Roe. And Democrats are absolutely going to be campaigning on this issue during the election. Vice President Kamala Harris has already said that she is going to be going to Arizona this week.BAIER: It's Tuesday, but this is a bad week for Republicans and the Trump campaign. If you look at the reaction to his original statement, Matthew. You look at Florida putting a six-week abortion ban on the ballot in November. And now Arizona -- it's not to say it's going to dominate from here until November, but at least right now it seems front and center.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: President Biden has been gaining ground in some horse race polls as well. So he has been enjoying a few good days. The problem with the position on abortion that leaves it to the states is you're saying, well, I'm not for anything. It's a negative position. Just leave it to the states, states' rights. You have to be for something in politics in order have a position, and in order to say I'm not for what the judge has ruled in Arizona. I'm for, say, a 15-week restriction with exceptions. That was what some people --BAIER: Even through it probably wouldn't get through Congress and it would be constitutionally challenged?CONTINETTI: That's what I believe and I'm willing to debate on that. And we can have the debate on those terms. Instead, by saying I'm for whatever the states decide, you can be tarred with whatever the states decide for or against.YORK: But this is also what a lot of conservatives, pro-lifers, and legal scholars wanted when Roe v. Wade was in effect. They basically said there is no right to abortion in the Constitution, therefore, it should be left to the states. The constitutionally proper way to handle this is to overturn Roe and leave it to the states. And what they really didn't consider was then that was going to set off warfare in all 50 states, and anybody who is running nationally would have to comment or be held to all of these battles that are going on around the country.CHAMBERS: But the electoral politics have favored Democrats so far in this. In FOX News' poll you see that most Americans --BAIER: We can put that up as you are talking.CHAMBERS: OK. Most Americans are in favor of abortion rights in this country. And you've even seen that tick up. I don't know if there is a slide that can show among Republicans in particular. You have even seen the support increase among Republicans as well for abortion rights.And so this is an issue that Democrats believe can help them turn traditionally states that either traditionally have been red or purple, can help them turn them blue in the presidential race. And that's something you saw Trump himself essentially pointing to.BAIER: Right, which is what he was trying to avoid.Meantime, words matter on campaigns. We saw two days of reaction to the word "bloodbath" when the former president was talking about electric vehicles and what that would do to the economy. Here is President Biden on the Affordable Care Act.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My predecessor and his MAGA friends want to -- I love the phrase, the language he used. They want to terminate the Affordable Care Act, killing millions of Americans and take them off of healthcare.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did the president mean to essentially accuse Republicans of murder?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I think you are taking the most extreme, extreme definition or extreme evaluation of what the president said.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Yes. So here is Lara Trump's statement, RNC response, "No matter how he spins it, Joe Biden has waged a war on women and families that has caused people to struggle to send their kids to school, buy diapers, baby formula, afford childcare, or retire with the same standard of living they would have expected four years ago." It is tit-for-tat, Matthew, but it is just interesting words.CONTINETTI: And it's one more item in the catalogue of Biden's statements. Remember 2012 when he told the predominantly African American audience in Virginia that the Republicans were going to put you all back in chains, whether it was the debate where he just said he had no involvement in Hunter Biden's business and Hunter Biden wasn't involved with China. He will say anything to get elected. And he is going to be making more of these statements if he feels his position is threatened in what looks to be a very close toss-up election.BAIER: As I mentioned, it's Tuesday. But on Capitol Hill, it's also a bit of chaos. Here is Marjorie Taylor Greene possibly threatening Speaker Mike Johnson's position.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE, (R-GA): We're losing Republican members of Congress under Mike Johnson. He is the not the Republican Speaker of the House. He is the Democrat Speaker of the House.REP. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI, (D-IL) HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE: If Speaker Johnson brings Ukraine aid to the floor, then Marjorie Taylor Greene seeks to remove him, I think that Democrats would join in a motion to kill such a maneuver, because he should not be punished for doing the right thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK, so all of this is pending. As you look at the split in the House, it's a very thin majority, and actually getting thinner, Byron. To be honest, if they had a motion to vacate, in other words, kicking the House speaker out, and there weren't enough people on the floor, you could end up with a situation where Hakeem Jefferies might have more people on the floor voting for him.YORK: Yes, you could. Republicans down to 218. That's before Mike Gallagher leaves. He's going to go sometime pretty soon. The fundamental problem is it shows the absolute insanity of agreeing to allow one member to file a motion to vacate. They could then be joined by a small number of people and actually take out a speaker. That's not theoretical. That's what they did to Kevin McCarthy. So now you saw Democrats say, well, our price to keep Mike Johnson in office would be if he brings up Ukraine aid for a vote. So, if Democrats keep a Republican speaker in office, there's going to be a price.BAIER: Here is former Speaker McCarthy on that Ukraine funding. There is Republican support for that, but take a listen to his advice.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY, (R-CA) FORMER HOUSE SPEAKER: You are the majority. You are the speaker. You are the Republican majority in the House. I wouldn't sit down with the other three leaders. Why elevate the Democratic leader to being speaker? Go directly in with the president and negotiate. That's a stronger hand.Use the strength of the majority to get it. So don't sit back and say, what can I do? Be the majority and sit back and say this is what we're going to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So we will see what is going to happen up on the Hill. But there's a lot of moving parts. Panel, thanks.OK, it's time for "Tuesday Xtras." It is Tuesday. I've said that three times. First up, Sarah asks, "What's your favorite part of your job?" Do you know what's great about it is it's different every day. You never know what the day is going it bring news-wise, and I work with a bunch of really great professionals.Next up, Nicole wonders, "Who do you have in the Masters? Is this Rory's year? Do you think Rahm can repeat? What will help or hurt bringing the tours together?" Liv and PGA. "You can start there and then I'll pepper you with more golf questions." Wow, you've got a list there.I like Rory this year in the Masters. I like Dustin Johnson as a dark horse maybe. He hits it a long way. We'll see.Finally, Bob asks on the golf theme, "What was your lowest score for 18 holes?" Bob, I shot a 67 long, long ago in a land far, far away. But now I'm a walking wallet and I just hand money to my friends.Anyway, tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, our "Common Ground" segment features Senate Armed Services Committee members Joe Manchin on the Democratic side, Dan Sullivan on the Republican side, what they're working on.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight from Washington. That's it for SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.