SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Thank you for being with us. Please set your DVR, so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: I like that. I like it. Thank you. Okay, that's enough. Happy Monday, everybody. So, as you've probably already heard, earlier today, the big solar eclipse took place, it hit Washington D.C. at 3:30, interrupting Joe Biden's dinner.Nancy Pelosi also watched the eclipse, but she had no choice. She hasn't been able to close her eyes since 2004. During the eclipse, it was so dark in Manhattan that New Yorkers had to announce when they gave each other the finger.True, it was so black outside New Yorkers had no idea who they were urinating on. According to The New York Post, many people reported eclipse sickness plagued by weird feelings, headaches, and insomnia.Well, you should be so lucky, most of us have eclipse sickness year-round, except we call it, Joe Biden's America. By the way, I actually got a picture of the eclipse on my smart -- smartphone, here it is, not -- not that one.This one, take a look. Yeah, pretty hits amazing, don't you think? You think maybe I took a picture of my pocket, but no, that's the actual eclipse. All right. I know that crap.And Kentucky man has admitted to faking his own death to avoid paying over 100 grand in child support. Man with his sister pissed. I agree. This weekend, Hamas supporters in Michigan chanted Death to America.Meanwhile, Michigan supporters in Gaza chanted, go Wolverines. A new report claims that Turkey is the most promiscuous country in the world with the average person having slept with 14 people beating America by four partners. I tried my best, said one man.The U.S. placed 13 on the list, and would have placed as high as second, but Madonna wasn't included in the study. True researchers say, the average American has slept with about 10 people. Wow, still waiting for my first, said one man.Actually, the precise number for Americans with 10.7 sexual partners, point seven? That means, a lot of people (BEEP) Danny DeVito. All right, we're done with that.Last week, Joy Reid interviewed a so-called cult expert on her so-called TV show, and both agreed Trumpism is a cult, which might be the most predictable results since Hunter Biden's STD tests came back as all of the above.I can't -- I can't wait until next week with Joy as Ilhan Omar, if she's bringing a date to her family reunion. Roll it, Ven (ph).(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The good news is, it's not permanent and people wake up, and they are embarrassed, and ashamed as I felt in 1976. But, more and more people are leaving the MAGA cult, it's important that people not just yell at people who are still trapped in this delusion.Ask questions in a respectful curious way that gets them to start realizing they've been conned and that their minds have been hijacked.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump has reached that point where he's done that pivot from saying that he's leading a movement of believers to saying that the belief should be in him that key is the Messiah.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: This, from a lady who's wearing a Trump wig. Sorry, Jr. This was you pre-Trump. This is you now. Someone's hairstylist is definitely MAGA.So, the interviewee and the interviewer seems satisfied with this conclusion for an absolve them of understanding why or how people think differently than they do. In this case, with their brains.Now, if Joy says, Trumpism is a cult, then, I say, what a terrible cult it must be, because it violates every single tenant of a cult. There's no abuse, no isolation from family, no weird (BEEP) rituals, unless you count shouting, you're fired during lovemaking.But, MAGA heads know what's going on outside MAGA world, and they freely move in and out of it. And they have no problems dealing with people who are into Trump.For instance, your uncle in the red cap still loves his half-baked niece with the purple hair. The feelings are not mutual until she needs a loan to pay off her seventh year at Wellesley.A Texan in a pickup truck with a Trump sticker will pull over to help a woman change her tire on her, I'm with her bumper sticker Prius. But the reverse, I wouldn't bet on it, mainly because the Prius driver lacks the upper body strength.Try asking a Manhattan liberal for directions if you're wearing a MAGA cap. They'll tell you where to go. And it won't be to the Empire State Building.The fact is, Dems today don't know what a Trumper believes. They don't mix with people outside their bubble, which is how the bubble ends up sounding like this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The orange man, like this, he is going to take away your social security and a lot of you --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He is a bad (BEEP) (inaudible).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And he's going to take away your health care because kids right now, until they're 26, can be on their parents' health care. And the orange man wants to stop that. (inaudible) Oh, no.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Aha. And that's not a cult? That makes a Hare Krishnas look like H&R Block. But libs assume the worst, not the best, and the people they disagree with, for it beats being surprised and shaken out of their own cult.Now, though -- those of us who aren't progressors are forced to deal with this dynamic daily, for our culture demands it, we are in the minority in entertainment, media and academia. So, we know their arguments well before we even know ours.We're so used to libs yelling in our faces, we can still smell the almond milk. But, because we're often outnumbered, we're more than aware of different beliefs and we've learned to accept them.So, Trumpers know the outside world as opposed to the reverse. The libs only -- interaction with Trumpers these days is when they pay their plumber or scream at their driver.A perfect example, according to data, liberals are less likely to accept dating a conservative, even one who looks like me. But a conservative will data liberal and not just because they're easy, maybe because conservatives see politics as a small part of life, where liberals see it as a foundation.A conservative realizes that politics isn't as important as a human connection. And so, the liberal will show you their BLM signs, rainbow flags, and Coexist bumper stickers. But, tolerance, that's harder to find than Rob Reiner's jaw line.But as for Trump himself, there's never been a candidate who's blurred so many lines. He's pretty much middle of the road. It's just that he states his positions with all the delicacy of a toaster thrown into a bathtub.So, he says, build a wall. Well, since -- since when was controlled legal immigration just hard right? It's the rise of the no borders crowd on the left that made it that way.It was Bill Clinton who first started building border walls that we settled for an electric fence that keeps Hillary on her side of the house. It's the same with crime.Since when is it political to want to put criminals in jail? I guess, that would be right around the time when the left decided that that was criminal. So, who's in a cult really? Who's othering the other side?We hear about siloing of beliefs. But for us, it's not by choice, most righties leave where they aren't wanted. You see this now with men in the Democratic Party. They aren't joining a cult, they're leaving one that deems men terminally oppressive.Now, true, some men are unsavory, disgusting even. But current data shows that every day working men are fleeing the Dems. The media says, it's mostly black and Hispanic, but that's because most of the Whites already bailed.The men still stuck in the Democratic Party are there, because if they leave, their wives will have their (BEEP) in a sling. I know. I'm here, it feels bad.Some, of course, fear losing their jobs. But for the last seven years, men whose spouses despise Trump have been forced into the same position. You've seen this with men who weren't always anti-Trump, and then, mysteriously they were. The good analogy is the boss.Your wife might find him rude or egotistical, but you overlook that stuff, because you know he's great at running the company, which in Trump's case is America Incorporated. But if he -- but he just said something rude to the waiter, your wife might say, and you just nod because you know tomorrow he'll make sure the company hits its numbers.And by the way, he paid for dinner, of course. So, what does the Republican Party do with his info? We'll have the Dems have all, but abandoned men, shouldn't the other party embrace this shift with open arms?(VIDEO PLAYING)The left will try to shame you for just being yourself. They act like masculinity is bad for your health, but we can't help our instinct to protect and provide. Yeah, liberals would prefer we be more feminized. So, don't be a (BEEP). Make the switch. Grand old party.GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. He's like LeBron James, born in Akron and graduated high school; Novelist and Literary Critic, Walter Kirn.He puts the hearts in disheartening. Host of One Nation and Fox & Friends, Brian Kilmeade. His Trump impressions are better than Alec Baldwin's, and he never shot anyone, (inaudible) Tyler Fisher.She's like an eclipse. Be careful if she's around your son; New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf.Walter, everybody always compares the other side to a cult. Right?WALTER KIRN, AMERICAN NOVELIST: Yep.GUTFELD: It's because it's like an easy way to dismiss a natural debate. What are your thoughts on that?KIRN: One of the reasons you have me on this show is because you want the benefit of my Oxford education. And one of the reasons I do it for free is because it's not worth much my (LAUGHING). But -- but, I did study cults and I have written about them, and they have a certain number of things in common.One is, they try to control what you eat. For example, they might suggest you eat insects rather than meat.GUTFELD: Right.KIRN: Another thing they try to control is your sex life. For example, they might suggest you join polycules and have sex with a lot of people, well, dressed as the other gender.None of these are features of the MAGA cult, but they are features of another kind of cult that I might mention. So, you know, a scholar said, a cult is a religion that I don't like. Yeah.And I think it's -- the other thing is, so what if it's a cult? You got to start somewhere, you know? I got it. The dry humor often leaves you in suspense about whether I'm finished or not.GUTFELD: We never have that problem with Brian. We know he's finished.BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Right.GUTFELD: In your face, kill me.KILMEADE: Right.KILMEADE: Thanks for sticking around and doing this show, by the way.KILMEADE: You know, I thought that will come in later. So far, I've not said a word, but I've gotten two insults in my direction.And I'll forgive you for that. But, I cannot forgive you for this assignment because you gave me an attachment to this story, and which was the whole segment that you made me watch of Joy Reid, and I could not stop watching.I could not believe the crap that was coming out of her mouth. Number one, she thinks that Donald Trump is in cahoots with Mark Burnett of survivor and apprentice on a Christian cult. So, they're on the same wavelength.Does anybody think that Mark Burnett is orchestrating anything with Donald Trump or vice versa? Number two, she says if you want to know what Donald Trump is doing, look at what the Chinese do for brainwashing, and look at (BEEP).He said, I did not know they're working together to brainwash. And also, I think, fundamentally, this is the problem. They thought they will be writing a story about Trump down like he loses the primary.He goes to jail. And they look back and say, how did he get that cult going? But the bad news is, he's actually more popular than 2016, more popular than 2020. He's more popular in 2024. He's winning in all the battleground states.He seems to be on top of these court cases and gaining momentum. So, to do an after-action report while he's at the top of his game seems bizarre to me. How did I do?GUTFELD: That's a great answer. Yeah. So, stop sending me letters saying you want him fired. Tyler, is it -- is Trumpism a cult or is it more like a team? Like a team that you're like to be the elective captain of the team? What is it like? You -- you're inside Trump's head.TYLER FISCHER, COMEDIAN: I'm inside -- first of all, I just want to say, Walter looks like Greg if Alec Baldwin and you had a baby. He's that -- Alec Baldwin was that. And that's a compliment, minus the murder part.GUTFELD: Yeah, but --FISCHER: No, I think he'd be thrilled because, frankly, excuse me, and well, if you think of it, I would have a pretty cool name because I'm the 45th, I would be called, Cult 45, because we're killing it, frankly, we're killing it.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)And you know, there's worst (ph) cults that Biden would be in the Manson cult because they were good at trapping children, he would be sniffing out the kids for them, if you know what I mean.And, of course, Heaven's Gate was a popular one because Biden is knocking on Heaven's Gate right now. You know. But no, we're not calling for mass suicide, we're calling for mass freedom. And that's all -- that's what I'll say, frankly.GUTFELD: What do you make of it? What do you make it the dudes leaving the Democratic Party? You want to talk about that? Or do you want to talk about the cults?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: The cults, I think.GUTFELD: Okay, let's talk about the cult then.TIMPF: Yeah. Well, because I thought it was so interesting. I also watched the whole thing. There's a lot there, which she said in all earnestness up in the interview, saying, well, a lot of people just don't think Trump is speaking for God, but that he -- that he is God, the people think that.I don't think people think that. I have not met a single person who thinks that Trump is God, not like, Trump doesn't even think that.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: So, I don't know where she gets that, but a part of the interview that really stuck out to me is, when the guy was actually making sense when he was saying, you know, you can't yell at these people, and you have to let them know you love them and that the door is open if they want to.And she has -- like she actually is nodding along, like, how dare you? You know, it's -- if you don't agree with everything she thinks, then you're this awful, (inaudible) like you know, and she's like, yes, that's right. I think there's the lack of self-awareness, it was even more shocking than her saying, Trump -- people think Trump is God, which I'm sure, like, first, anything could become a cult if you get too into it.GUTFELD: Right. Tell me about it.TIMPF: Even like -- and if you can. So, I mean, is there like maybe people like random people out there that are -- probably they think that, yeah, but I have not encountered that, not even like on the internet. So.GUTFELD: I am definitely open to starting a cult. If it makes, you know, it just -- it's fun -- but it has to be a fun cult, you know. None of that sex stuff, we'll just hang out together.KIRN: That's called having friends.KILMEADE: Friends. We call those friends. Yeah. All right.GUTFELD: You got your applause Kilmeade. Up next, wolfters (ph) are off their rocker, crying racism in women's soccer.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Their (inaudible) heads burst at the words, America First. Fan-led soccer groups are accusing the Utah Royals of racism and White supremacy because their uniforms prominently featured the logo of their sponsor, America First Credit Union.And from the overreaction you think they were called the Brian Kilmeade Bank and Trust.KILMEADE: That is so -- yeah.GUTFELD: To quote one super offended organization, the Spirit Squadron, quote America First is a phrase fraught with a contentious history that has always had deep ties to White supremacy.It is unacceptable for anyone to have the Ku Klux Klan ideology represented on their jersey in a sport that has been in the forefront of social change.What? Ever a sport where they can't use their hands, they've done a hell of a job twisting those words. Oddly, they're cool with the name Royals, despite its negative connection to colonialism in breeding, and Meghan Markle.That's kind of redundant -- redundant there. But America First Credit Union tells Axios, the American, its name represents their founding federal employees who worked at American military bases, and first implies putting their members at the forefront.I like doing that. But, at least, this controversy is shining a spotlight on women's soccer. True, it's the most attention the sport has gotten since Anderson Cooper retired.Anyway, you remember that lady. She did the impossible. She actually made people want to watch soccer less. Now, the Credit Union's had the name since 1984.But, America First is now a symbol of White supremacy and hateful ideology, no doubt related to the big orange media himself, Donald Trump, who famously used the phrase in his 2016 presidential campaign.But, by saying they don't like the words America First in any context, these soccer fans show they've taken a few too many balls to the cranium. Let's just hope consultants will suggest the team get a more appropriate and less inflammatory sponsor.I'm all for that. All right, Brian. You always want us to do a soccer topic with Ron, but the soccer topics are never about soccer. Are they? It's always anything, but --KILMEADE: (CROSSTALK) a knee during the national anthem.GUTFELD: Yes.KILMEADE: That's what Anderson Cooper was doing.GUTFELD: Why is soccer always involved in these contentious stories?KILMEADE: Well, number one, it's the number one sport in the world. You don't seem to acknowledge that --GUTFELD: What world?KILMEADE: And Earth, the one that was eclipsed by the Moon a short time ago, it seems like yesterday, but it was actually today. So, I just got to give you a brief history. Now, the American First Credit Union was first called the Fort Douglas Civilian Employees Credit Union 1939.It quickly changed to the Federal Employees Credit Union 1947 of protests, and now it has its current name from 1984, at which time it went on the shirts of these women who are lucky enough to have a bank sponsor, which into your -- to your point, it's not easy for soccer to get a major overriding sponsor.That's a lot of money. So, what is America First mean? It's not just about Trump, (inaudible) to keep out of World War II, there's this group called America First who wanted to -- not be in World War II.That doesn't seem like a naughty thing. It seems like a point of view. The same thing in 19 -- in 2016 with Donald Trump. So, it's not an insult. Here's the bad part. I think what I think soccer is going to cave.GUTFELD: Yeah, that (BEEP).KILMEADE: The D.C. defenders are actually upset about this. And I sense, they're going to cave.GUTFELD: Wow.KILMEADE: And they always seem to give it. They're going to get --KIRN: You got a very woke organization.KILMEADE: You could have just skipped all that crap and said that. But, I want to give people some depth.KIRN: But Brian, this is Mormon soccer.GUTFELD: You are a Mormon?KIRN: Yeah, I can say that as a Mormon, as a former Mormon, and they don't --GUTFELD: A formon, you are formon.KIRN: A formon. Yeah. I think the problem -- their problem is with the word, First, not America. Because it reminds you that in sports somebody wins and communists don't like that.GUTFELD: That is true. That -- well, since you're talking, don't you think a company called America Last would do really well in this era?KIRN: Oh, I'm sure that they would award the trophy before the gameGUTFELD: Yes. You'd have to sit on it. You know, Kat, do you think they're actually going to cave? If they do, let's you and me agree we're going to boycott all the Utah -- Utah Royals games. I'm not watching.TIMPF: Oh, okay. Sure. I think this -- this is just so ridiculous. They're so offended by the, like, the name of a bank, like, wait till they hear what a bank does, right. You know let's not woke the bank, okay.They'll pretend they are, they'll be like. they'll send the email like, Happy Pride Month. We support all of our LGBTQ-plus customer -- yeah, they'll also take (BEEP) house.GUTFELD: That is true. There is nothing more heartless than a bank.TIMPF: How watered down has the left become where the thing that they're getting enraged about the bank is the name of the bank. They put money first.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: They're the bank?GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. And if you don't -- it doesn't matter if you're gay or if you're Black or you're Blacky gay --TIMPF: They'll still take care of all.GUTFELD: They'll still take -- but also, they will not give you a loan if you don't have the right thing. They don't give (BEEP). That's why I like banks. See, to me Tyler, the bank is the most patriotic thing in the world because the color is green, retitle. This is all about Trump.They -- these people didn't do a -- they didn't do a history class on this, like, boring kill me did.KILMEADE: You mean, preparing for your segment? How dare?GUTFELD: Yes. I apologize. I apologize, I apologize. I'm trying to get better at it, Brian. What do you say, is it --FISCHER: I think it's the color, it looks a little Trumpy. I'm -- I'm also having a hard time looking at that because I was one of the idiots that didn't wear the glasses, looking at the eclipse a couple of hours ago.And fun fact, I just found out, it was actually just Lizzo standing in front of the Sun for an hour. So, it's not going to do the damage you think. Yeah. I mean, look, you know, I would get laid a lot more if I didn't wear this hat in New York City, frankly.GUTFELD: Yeah. I don't know if that's true.FISCHER: If I put --GUTFELD: You set me up. I'm sorry. Go ahead.FISCHER: Oh, I need to busk for numbers. But you know, I -- you don't see American flags here, and you don't hear about America First, like you walk around, you see rainbow flags and the flags of other countries.Today, I walk around, I'm like, am I in trans-Palestine you know, or gay Ukraine? So, anyways, that's all.GUTFELD: Tyler, I love -- so far two guests I have announced when they're done speaking. And that is it for me. All right Up next, no endorsement from the Rock for the press, who's asleep by 4 o'clock.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: All right, a star of WrestleMania won't endorse a prez with no brainia (ph).(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Today's video comes to us from Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson who said he will not support Biden this year as he did in 2020. Hit it, Gladys.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DWAYNE JOHNSON, ACTOR: Am I happy with the state of America right now? That answer is no. Do I believe we're going to get there? I believe in that, I'm an optimistic guy, and I believe we can get better. The endorsement that I made years ago with Biden was what I thought was the best decision for me at that time. Am I going to do that again this year? That answer is no. I'm not going to do that, because what I realized, what that caused back then was something that tears me up in my guts, back then and now which is division.I wouldn't do that because my goal is to bring our country together.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Sadly, Joe can't smell what The Rock is cooking, nor can he taste or chew it unless it's mashed in to a fine paste.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Insiders claim that Biden says he was her to not have Johnson's endorsement, but at Biden's age the wrestler he should be worrying about is the Undertaker.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, this makes me think of a bloc, that somewhere down the road he realized that the party is not for men or him.TIMPF: I think that that could be part of it, perhaps. I think that of that, though, is it to be more generalized where if all a group has to offer is to just tell you how bad you are over and over again, people get tired of that, which is where I think a lot of the support for Trump came from in the first place, people getting tired of that.And I think also just exactly what he said with the division. I mean, it was, like, seen as the default position. Of course, you're are going to endorse Biden because then otherwise you are for Trump and then you are all those bad things, and I don't want to be all those bad things. But I think people -- out here living real lives, they don't want to just there and told how bad they are all the time, and people get tired of it. And that makes them support Trump even more.GUTFELD: Yes. I like to be told how bad I am. Sometimes I'll pay for it.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tyler.FISCHER: Speaking of, you only $50 bucks.GUTFELD: Yes, yes, yes.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: We'll you have to find it.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You know, it's all in quarters. Imagine how he must really feel if he said that publicly, because generally people don't say -- like that - - they will -- I don't know many celebrities that will do that. But if he's saying that, imagine how he really feels.FISCHER: I would like to know how he really feels. I mean, he's a big guy, but the little rock if he can't actually see what he thinks. Huge guy -- actually fun fact. Another fake news conspiracy wasn't an earthquake the other day. It was The Rock and Lizzo landing at Newark Airport.(BOOS)FISCHER: That's what you have a problem with? Anyhow. I'm done. No, not done.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: No, I think it's just kind of narcissistic. It's like a woe-is- me. Oh, I made such a mistake. But he's not saying what he's going to do. It's like saying I'm not doing heroin anymore. So you're going to do other drugs? Well, you know, we'll see.GUTFELD: That's good.KIRN: He's not saying it, but he's not being very clever either. Let's see, there are two people running president, and he's not endorsing the one. This basically shows that Rock thinks Trump is going to win, and more importantly, Rock's agent thinks Trump is going to win.FISCHER: More importantly, his agent's P.R. person thinks --GUTFELD: Yes, the publicist, and we'll go down the whole line. Also do you think he was influenced by his friends? Imagine the people that -- if he's friends with wrestlers and people that are into fitness, remember, fitness is racist. Remember we were told that? It was white supremacist to be physically but. He must have been like what the -- am I doing with these weirdos and started listening to his buddies who are going why are you thinking this way?KIRN: See, The Rock knows one thing about himself that the public can only suspect. He knows for a fact he's an idiot.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: So he also knows that everybody who listened to him the first time was an idiot. And this time he is trying to let them off the hook.KILMEADE: I think something even more fundamental.GUTFELD: What?KILMEADE: He's in the entertainment business, and he knows 50 percent of the country is ticked off, and Joe Biden is not someone to rally around. It's not like a Ronald Reagan, I'll take a risk. This guy is going to be around forever. He's going to be on an airport someday. Everybody knows that about Joe Biden.You know what, I'm not sure he's endorsing he's going with Trump. He's just not going with anybody, because think about it. Bruce Springsteen comes out, what you think about that? I think of Al Gore. And by the way, this is preparation. Is that a bad thing?GUTFELD: No, that's good.KILMEADE: OK, good. LeBron, Hillary, remember he was over in Cleveland, Joe Biden, Stephen Colbert, they are inextricably linked. And Scott Baio, still Joanie. But still I think Scott Baio and Trump together. But I think The Rock is saying I have 50 percent of the country really ticked at me. What was the name of that, "Black Adam"? Absolutely bomb. Came out right after, it really hurt his career. And he's saying to himself why do I need that?Also, I think he fundamentally is more to the right. Remember he was the one --GUTFELD: Everybody --KILMEADE: -- who put out that tweet that said about when bin Laden was shot, he's got contacts right with the military --GUTFELD: Men aren't -- I do not trust a liberal male. I'm sorry. I just don't.KILMEADE: No, but do you think he's liberal?GUTFELD: No, no. I don't think any man is liberal. I don't think any man is liberal. I don't think Howard Stern is liberal. I don't think Kimmel. I think they're all lying. I think it's a virtue signal. I think it's to be - - so their wife isn't mad at them. I think that's the whole -- when you're around, I'm sorry, liberal woman. If you think your husband is liberal, you don't know. He leaves, and he's like -- this --(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)KIRN: Greg, it's the new homosexuality.GUTFELD: Oh, is it?FISCHER: Walter and I are starting a foundation. If your wife is liberal - - your husband is liberal, rather, you come to our house and we'll take care of you.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: Right, Walter, didn't we talk about that? Never mind. OK.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, coming up, he mocked America on TikTok and now he whines in the cellblock.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Migrant influencer victim of persecution. Tyler, a Venezuelan illegal alien, he recorded videos telling his half-million TikTok followers to invade the border, squat in abandoned houses, and collect government handouts. Now he's arrested and complaining that he's missing his freedom. Do you feel bad for him?FISCHER: First of all, he has more followers than me on TikTok, which processes me off.KILMEADE: It's 500,000.FISCHER: I've been frozen for three years because I made fun of Fauci, and this guy can, you know, sneak in the country. And first of all, I said it before, I'll say it again. TikTok should be changed to a dating app for women in the late thirties. Let that sink in. Give it a second.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: But I want the privilege of an immigrant. I am officially walking to Mexico and I'm crossing the back over as an illegal immigrant so I can get my TikTok back, get a girlfriend, and --KIRN: You still don't have a girlfriend?GUTFELD: And a debit card.FISCHER: And a debit card.GUTFELD: I feel bad for you, Tyler.FISCHER: Thanks, Greg.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Walter, so he claims that he's not really the person he is on TikTok, that that was a persona for his clicks. What if he's telling the truth? What if he was just responding to the incentives of social media and he got screwed? That's even more funny.KIRN: Well, he chose wrong.GUTFELD: Yes.KIRN: He is being persecuted. But not enough.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)KIRN: Listen, he came to the country. He gathered 500,000 social media followers. He became a huge influencer. But now he has millions of enemies. That's America. Those are the rules.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: He's had the immigrant experience that sometimes takes people 40 years in three weeks.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That is so true. It has been hyper-speed. Brian, he is now as heated as you are --KILMEADE: That is not true.GUTFELD: And it you 26 years. It took him --KILMEADE: You're the only one that hates me, Greg, I hate to tell you.(LAUGHTER)KILMEADE: But I would say a couple of things. I interviewed the reporter that interviewed him in the prison. I said, how'd you do it? I went online and I filled out a form and I showed up. He said what are you doing through his translator. She speaks Spanish. And he said I want money to be able to speak. And then she refused. And then they just kept talking.And in the end back he says I'm a great husband, I'm a great father, I'm a great son. Please let me go. But they're coming up because he violated his agreements on his coming here illegally. Also, he might have a gun. So together I think he is not an asset to our country. He's already done tremendous damage. Keep him in prison.GUTFELD: Remember that video, Kat?(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Theoretically he achieved the squatting. He's living rent-free, room and board, he's taken care of by us.TIMPF: Yes. The videos -- the stuff he said -- you guys are all just mad because I make all this money and I don't do anything and you all work so hard. It's OK, yes. Exactly, like, you nailed it. Nobody would have a -- I don't know, but I wouldn't have a problem if you wanted to come here and work hard and contribute to the economy. You're sitting there bragging about taking handouts and encouraging other people to do the same. The money is not free. A lot of us work really hard and our taxes are absurd, and you're going to come here and just rub it in all of our faces? Yes -- you.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes, all right. Did I already got you?FISCHER: Yes.GUTFELD: I can't remember.FISCHER: I'll go again.GUTFELD: No.Up next, a spoiled brat causes a traffic spat.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got another clip of you. It's Video of the Day Part Two.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Second video of the day comes to us from climate activist Greta Thunberg who was detained twice in one day, twice, this time for blocking traffic at a protest in the nether regions. Hit it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are here because we are facing an existential crisis. We are in a planetary emergency and we are not going to stand by and let people lose their lives and livelihoods and be forced to become climate refugees when we can do something.CROWD: You are not alone! You are not alone! You are not alone!(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: As a bonus video, check out this lazy turd getting dragged away from that same protest.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD: You are not alone! You are not alone! You are not alone!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Walter, she doesn't even have the excuse of being drunk.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: Or wearing makeup.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: But she got arrested twice in a day, big deal. I mean, Trump sometimes gets arrested five times in a day.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: And it's, you know, anyway. We were told to be short.GUTFELD: I'm short all the time.You know, Kat, don't you think she peaked too early? She became world- famous, person of the year at like 14. It's all downhill.TIMPF: That's got to be difficult. I mean, getting arrested twice in one day, I hope she enjoyed it, and I'm serious. But imagine what would happen if she went to the protest and then just went home.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.TIMPF: That would kill her inside.GUTFELD: Yes, it would. It would, it would. I think now she's addicted to being, like, -- she's like being legally objectified, as opposed to physically, Brian, do you know what I mean?KILMEADE: Not at all.(LAUGHTER)KILMEADE: But a couple of things. She gets arrested in Holland. She is from Sweden. She's protesting subsidies for fossil fuels. Did she take an Uber, Telsa Uber there? I am not sure. Number two, she says the world is going to end in 2030. I don't think so.GUTFELD: I would put money on it. She should put money on it.KILMEADE: Right, I would love to see that.GUTFELD: Yes, what about you. Tyler, she is single, and so are you.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I think she's over 20.TIMPF: She's 21.FISCHER: Just like the migrant, this bitch has more TikTok followers than me. I've been doing comedy for 20 years. I feel bad. She's heavy on the spectrum, the kind of exploit her, kind of like you guys do to me on this show. I'm a little puppet.(LAUGHTER)FISCHER: But you know what, these people, they glue themselves to stuff. I think we should glue these people to the backs of Navy Seals so they can see what actual fighting looks like. America.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I don't think that's realistic.FISCHER: It was an easy applause break, though.GUTFELD: It was, it was. I admire your red meat fodder.All right, don't go away, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thank you, Walter Kirn, Brian Kilmeade, Tyler Fischer, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)