LARRY KUDLOW, FOX BUSINESS ANCHOR: All right, just coming up again, this is like a bad penny, but this is a true story. Why are tax dollars being used to fly in Joe Biden's illegal immigrants, to the tune of, what we can gather, $325,000 or more?But the government's not fessing up.Let's bring in our friend Alabama Senator Katie Britt.Senator Britt, this is a very bad story. Lots of people have commented on it. You have commented. Newt Gingrich just wrote it up in an op-ed piece. We looked at the story last week and it just keeps popping up. The Bidens, they won't talk about it. The Department of Homeland Security won't talk about it.But this is infuriating. Who knows who these people are, what kind of credentials, vetting, criminals? Here we go again. What do you think?SEN. KATIE BRITT (R-AL): I think it is an absolute disgrace, and it's more of the same.And I will say, this is exactly why we need Donald Trump back in the White House immediately, because he will stop these flights on day one. The fact that we have hardworking Americans in every corner of this country who are hurting because of Bidenomics, because of the economy that Joe Biden has created, and yet he's taking time to use taxpayer dollars to facilitate this mass migration is absolutely mind-boggling.And it's a total disgrace. I mean, think about this. He takes them essentially to a city of their choice. There they are, put up in hotels, essentially given a white glove service. And then, like I said, we have hardworking Americans that are working to be able to put enough gas in their car, put groceries on their table, saving up and looking at mortgage rates going through the roof.And yet his priority seems to be just facilitating more illegal immigration, instead of helping the American people, once again putting the American people last. That's what Joe Biden does.KUDLOW: I mean, adding insult to injury is this whole episode -- and I hate to bring it up, but I have to bring it up because it's out there.The White House is now lying about this. Not only President Biden wouldn't talk to Laken Riley. He didn't know how to pronounce her name, wouldn't talk to her parents, this beautiful young woman who was murdered by an illegal criminal.And then he comes back and he agrees with Nancy Pelosi, and he says, well, we can't -- I was wrong to call them illegals. They are really undocumented. Then they say today he didn't really say that. But then we have -- FOX has been running the tape of him saying that again and again.I mean, this just adds insult to injury. Why doesn't he get wise? He has -- as you know, he has executive authority to implement a couple of mandates passed by Congress and signed by presidents 20 years ago, including Bill Clinton. He could end this fiasco. He could end this scourge of crime and drugs and sex trafficking and so forth.And he could stop the killing and murdering of innocent, beautiful, innocent young women. Why doesn't he get wise with this, Senator Britt?BRITT: Well, I think you just nailed it.And let me tell you, this shows the stark contrast that we have in November, right? You have President Trump who, embraced Laken Riley's family, embraced her grieving family, on the exact same day that Biden apologized to her killer.I mean, this is completely and totally unacceptable. But I think that puts into focus what the American people are choosing between in November. And the choice is clear. The choice is President Trump.And guess what? He also left a road map for Biden about how to secure our border, how to put the American people first. He can immediately put back in the remain-in-Mexico policy, which he should do. He should also immediately start to issue those final orders of removal and actually execute them, getting people who are here illegally out of our country, Larry.There is a ton of stuff he could do, but, unfortunately, he continues to put Americans last. And he puts this facilitation of mass migration first. And the Laken Riley just tragedy puts it into focus, and the fact that, when he gets her name wrong, he doesn't take the time to actually correct that and properly grieve with her family.President Trump did. But what he does is, he apologizes to her killer. And it's a total disgrace.KUDLOW: Senator Britt, you were making the other night in your rebuttal to the State of the Union, you were making some kitchen table points.I want to just read to you. This is -- I call it the affordability crisis. OK. Under Donald Trump, weekly wages, adjusted for inflation, real weekly wages for average families, OK, went from 366 bucks a week to $399. That's a 9.2 percent increase. That's a 9 percent pay raise under Trump.Under Biden, the same measure has dropped from $399 to $380. That's a 4.9 percent drop. In other words, I know people are getting on your case. I don't really know why, because, from a kitchen table standpoint, people got a pay raise under Trump and a pay cut under Biden.These are Bureau of Labor Statistics numbers, man. You can get them, I'm not making them up, believe me. I have my own views about politics and policy, but the numbers are the numbers. They got a pay raise under Trump and a pay cut under Biden. Those are the facts.BRITT: Bingo.And you see that credit card debt is the highest in our nation's history. It is actually over a trillion dollars for the first time. And these things matter. They're hitting hardworking families, and they feel them around their kitchen table.And to your point earlier, I mean, Joe Biden actually mentioned kitchen table issues and kitchen table in his rebuttal -- I mean, in his actual speech. But when we tried to bring that centered, the place that the family gathers, where we talk about these things that are affecting our daily life, then the liberals, then they want to say something about it.KUDLOW: Anyway, Senator Katie Britt, thank you ever so much. We appreciate -- you're always so gracious to us.BRITT: Thank you.KUDLOW: We appreciate it very, very much.BRITT: Appreciate being on.KUDLOW: You bet. Any time.