MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Good Sunday morning, everyone. Thanks so much for joining us this morning. Welcome to "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Maria Bartiromo.Today: coming home to Trump, this the call from last night's record- breaking fund-raiser in Palm Beach, Florida.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: People are just wanting change. Rich people want it. Poor people want it. Everybody wants change. Our country is really doing poorly. We're a laughingstock all over the world. We're going to get that changed very quickly.And this has been some incredible evening before it even starts, because people, they wanted to contribute to a cause of making America great again.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: The president and the RNC haul in $50 million last night.Coming up, RNC Chairman Michael Whatley and co-chair Lara Trump on their $100 million-plus week and their efforts to send Donald Trump back to the White House.Plus: Congress returns from Easter recess this week in likely the final push before the November elections.Counting up, Ohio Senator J.D. Vance on the open border, the agenda and the jobs and resources going to the illegal aliens and foreign-born in America.Plus: potential terrorists crossing into the country spiking crime in Joe Biden's battle with red states, as Florida and Texas fight the flow of so- called newcomers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): There are three laws in the books that Biden is not enforcing. One is to deny illegal entry into the country. The other is to detain anybody who gets here illegally. And the third is to build border barriers.The Biden administration is doing none of those. And what the Texas law authorizes the state of Texas to do is to do all three of those things. We believe that the federal courts should allow Texas to basically be enforcing federal laws, because Biden is not enforcing them.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Coming up: The governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis, takes on Biden's lawless America, laying down the law in Florida on illegal migration, squatters, transportation, and taxes.Then: He led the investigation into Hillary Clinton's Russia collusion lie. And now he's leading President Trump's newly public company. Trump Media and Technology Group CEO Devin Nunes answers the critics of DJT on Wall Street.It's all right here, right now on "Sunday Morning Futures."And we begin this Sunday morning with President Biden's reckless open border and its impact across the country, with new data showing that the White House flew 326,000 illegal migrants from abroad directly to Florida in the past year-and-a-half, on top of the 10 million illegals crossing the border into the country on Biden's watch.The Center for Immigration Studies reporting the 326,000 illegal migrants from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela were flown directly to Miami without any warning to state officials.The White House is also playing down spiking crime on Biden's watch, with one illegal immigrant using the Chinese Communist Party's TikTok app to taunt illegals into overtaking Americans' homes, the so-called squatters increasingly apprehended across the country, sparking Florida Governor Ron DeSantis to take action.The governor outlawing squatters in Florida, protecting Americans' property rights.Joining me right now, the man himself fighting Biden's lawlessness, in this "Sunday Morning Futures" exclusive, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis.Governor, thanks very much for being here this morning.GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): Good morning.BARTIROMO: First, on the immigrants that were flown directly to your state, did you have any warning that the president was sending 326,000 illegals into Miami?DESANTIS: No, and they don't give us any notification on any of that.Now, we are a border state. We're a maritime border state. And so we have taken a lot of action to beef up maritime assets to help the Coast Guard interdict these vessels that are coming in. And since January of 2023, because of Florida state vessels, we have interdicted and led to the repatriation of 14,000 illegal aliens.And so that's kind of been our focus. What Biden is doing under this program, it's not constitutional, but he is legalizing people when they're in foreign countries and then buying them plane tickets and then flying into the United States.And so you could have a plane that lands in Miami with 200 people on it, and there may be eight or 10 of these folks that he's illegally legalized. So we are suing him on that with other states. We don't think it's lawful. We don't think it's constitutional.But we need the Congress to step up and defund this program. It's an illegal program. He does not have the authority to just legalize people in foreign lands.I will tell you this, Maria, though, because those numbers were surprising to us, because we didn't have any notice. But we haven't seen on the ground evidence that many people are actually setting up shop in Florida. So I think what's happened, Miami has served as the gateway to get people in from those countries. And then I think they're going all across the United States of America.Of course, in Florida, we're not a sanctuary state. And so, you go to New York, you get money. You go to California, you get benefits. In Florida, you don't get a driver's license. You don't get an I.D. card. We don't even let NGOs issue I.D. cards to illegal aliens.And, of course, we have E-Verify, so you're not eligible for employment. So I think our policies have made Florida not be the destination that people want to come if they're not in the country legally.BARTIROMO: Well, for sure. You're actually removing any incentive to stay in Florida. You mentioned E-Verify and removing those incentives.Look, on his first day in office, President Biden signed executive orders that ended existing programs that limited immigration, and certainly illegal migration. What has been the impact on the streets of Florida to all of these illegals coming in, whether it's from the White House, from Haiti?I know you have been dealing with this aggressively in the last year.DESANTIS: Well, fortunately, we have been very successful at preventing a mass amount of flotilla or boats coming from Haiti since they have had -- I mean, this has always been an issue in Florida, but definitely over the last month.So we have not seen that, and I think it's because we have deterred it, because anywhere there's a gap with Coast Guard assets, we're filling it. So I think that that's been successful. But, overall, since he became president, he initiated what's happened. So we have had examples of people that had been deported multiple times, came in under Biden's open border, find their way to Florida, and then commit criminal offenses.For example, we had a sheriff's deputy in the Tampa Bay area that was killed a couple years ago by an illegal recklessly driving a truck. And so we see these examples. And here's the thing. We're a law-and-order state. We work very hard to crack down on crime of all types.But when you have illegal aliens committing crimes, the victims, the families, victims, they look and they say, if the government had just enforced the law, we know this crime would not have happened. If Biden had just closed the border or at least not done what he's done, the chances that this happening would have been very zero.So I have say every state is a border state under Joe Biden. It is not just Texas and Arizona. You're seeing this effect far and wide. And that includes states in the northern part of this country.BARTIROMO: This is just outrageous, the lawlessness that we're talking about.I want to get to squatters in a moment and talk about what you did there. But do you feel that the administration is against you, constantly fighting with you, red states? That's what Governor Abbott has mentioned to me recently, that he's constantly battling with this White House.Do you feel the same?DESANTIS: We definitely see that.I mean, for example, we were one of the first states to sign legislation to protect women's sports. This was many years ago. They responded by threatening to take away school lunch money for poor kids because we protected women's sports.And I'm just thinking to myself, that is an attack on the policies of the state of Florida that the people overwhelmingly support. They also went after, I think, all states when Biden imposed the COVID vax mandates. So, particularly for the health care workers, we had a lot of nurses that didn't want to take it.Their jobs hung in the balance. We basically told the federal government to fly a kite on that. We would not survey our hospitals. They ended up finding us a couple million dollars, but we saved the jobs of a lot of folks. And so they do, do that. We fight back. And I think we have had a lot of success in doing so.BARTIROMO: Well, your economic policies, no state income tax among them, have sparked an incredible move of people out of high-tax states into places like Florida, into places like Texas.But you have made the point before that you were afraid that people coming from New York would start voting the way they vote in New York. But you have actually been able to register more Republicans than you expected. Tell me about that.DESANTIS: When I became governor, Florida had never had more registered Republicans than Democrats in state history, and we were close to 300,000 fewer Republicans than Democrats. This is 2018.Today, we have close to 900,000 more registered Republicans than Democrats. So, you're talking about a million-plus voter registration shift. And, yes, part of that I think is a response locally, where people are more likely to switch from Democrat to Republican in Florida, nonparty to Republican, then vice versa.And that's been an important component of it. But I do think the migration has skewed amongst people who come to Florida, not because they want to change the policies to reflect in Illinois or California, New York, but because they appreciate how Florida has done it different from where they're coming to.BARTIROMO: Yes.DESANTIS: And so I think that's contributed to this really record thing.Maria, Florida is off the board. It is a Republican state.BARTIROMO: Yes.DESANTIS: You have covered politics. We used to be a one-point state. Every election hung on, how would Florida go?BARTIROMO: Yes.DESANTIS: That is not true anymore. And I think that's a good thing for the party.BARTIROMO: Well, good for you.The other issue that we want to tackle is squatters. It's unbelievable to me how many people are getting apprehended right now for going in and just trying to take people's homes over. And then you see the person, the owner of the home having to go through massive legal obstacles just to get their home back.Tell us what you have done in terms of protecting property rights in Florida.DESANTIS: Well, when we started seeing some of this in places like California and New York, where someone will just commandeer someone's home, then the homeowner goes to try to get their property back, and, sometimes, the homeowner is the one getting arrested, or they have to go through all this stuff.So we said, that is not happening in the state of Florida. So if you try to squat in Florida, the homeowner will get rid of you immediately now. We have legal rights in place. You call up the sheriff and the sheriff is mandated to evict the folks who are illegally commandeering the residence.And the state of Florida, we have got a lot of sheriffs who are very strong on law and order. I can tell you this. You go down to places like Polk County with Sheriff Grady Judd, who is a friend of mine, I would not want to try to squat in that county, because he's going to throw you out very quickly.But it's important for our state to lay down the law, because we have a lot of seasonal residents. And it's not just wealthy people. We have got a lot of middle-income retirees. They spend most of the year in Florida, but maybe they will go to Michigan or Wisconsin or New York or even Canada for the summer.How could it be possible or acceptable for them to come back from summer and have some -- find out that somebody's moved into their home and that there's very little they can do about it immediately, and they have got to wait seven or eight months to go through a process?BARTIROMO: Unbelievable.DESANTIS: That's unacceptable.Property rights -- if you don't have property rights that are enforceable, you will not have a free society. So, I think it's the foundation of everything we're trying to do in Florida, and I'm glad we were able to take the lead on this issue.BARTIROMO: That's unbelievable, Governor. Great work there.Real quick, before you go, on this 2024 election, you have gotten behind Donald Trump. How do you feel about the 2024 election? And what are your plans? Are you planning to run again in '28, Governor?DESANTIS: I don't have any plans for the future. I think we're focused a lot on all the great things we're doing in Florida.I am very, very confident that Florida is going to be a strong performance for Republicans up and down the ticket. And we have worked very hard to bring it to this point. And I'm excited about that.And, look, I look around the country. I can't speak for what's happened in these other states, but you have a president who has caused all these problems. Maria. He has caused the immigration problem with his policies. He has exacerbated inflation with his big spending policies.He caused the Afghanistan fiasco. And I think people want to see a change. And so that's what this country needs. And for Biden to get reelected with this record I think would just be a disaster for this country.BARTIROMO: Governor, it's great to have you this morning. We so appreciate your time, sir. Thank you.DESANTIS: Thank you.BARTIROMO: All right, Governor Ron DeSantis this morning in Florida.Quick break, and then we are learning that Bidenomics means a lot more jobs going to the undocumented illegals in the country, instead of Americans. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN HASSETT, FORMER CHAIRMAN, COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS: Over the last year, that table reports that there were 615,000 jobs created only.And of those 615,000, 1.3 million were people who almost surely are illegal aliens. They're aliens, for sure. And, in fact, people who were U.S. residents a year ago, about 650,000 of them have lost their jobs this year.And so what's going on is that there is an employment boom that's coming from these people who are streaming across the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Coming up next, Ohio Senator J.D. Vance on jobs, the border and the GOP priorities ahead of Congress' return from Easter recess this upcoming week.That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): If Speaker Johnson really wanted to secure the border, like he promised all of us he would and promised the American people, then he would have told Chuck Schumer, we will not pass any government funding bills until our border -- our border and funding bills have the H.R.2 in it or the Laken Riley Act, or at least some measures within them.But he didn't. He completely failed in that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that was Georgia Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene on this program two weeks ago, as Congress was leaving for Easter break.Now, Congress returns this week, with the House holding on to a slim majority and the Democrats in control of the Senate, as Americans are unhappy with the Biden agenda.Last week's FOX News poll shows 61 percent of voters and citizens are disappointed with Biden's handling of the economy. President Donald Trump is favored by 15 points on who would do a better job on the economy.And while the administration was celebrating what appeared to be a blockbuster jobs report on Friday, showing 303,000 jobs created in the month of March and the unemployment rate down to 3.8 percent, the bad news in this report is that most of the jobs over the last year have gone to illegal or foreign-born workers.Here's former Council of Economic Advisers head Kevin Hassett with me this weekend on FOX Business. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HASSETT: Over the last year, that table reports that there were 615,000 jobs created only.And of those 615,000, 1.3 million were people who almost surely are illegal aliens. They're aliens, for sure. And, in fact, people who were U.S. residents a year ago, about 650,000 of them have lost their jobs this year.And so what's going on is that there is an employment boom that's coming from these people who are streaming across the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Wow.Joining me right now in this "Sunday Morning Futures" exclusive is Ohio Senator J.D. Vance.Senator, it's great to see you this morning. Thanks very much for being here.Your reaction to the jobs report on Friday?SEN. J.D. VANCE (R-OH): Well, I think, unfortunately, Kevin Hassett is exactly right.If you look not just over the last year, Maria, but over the last three or four years, much of the job growth from the Biden administration has gone to the foreign-born. And many of those, of course, are illegal aliens.You contrast that, with the Trump economy, Maria, which was about productivity enhancements, higher wages for American workers, more manufacturing, and, ultimately, better good-paying jobs for American workers, with the Biden economy, where so much of the economic growth has gone to the foreign-born, has gone to illegal immigrants, while American workers struggle to feed their families and struggle to buy homes, struggle to actually live the American dream.It's a really, really sad state of affairs. And while President Biden wants to flag-wave about how well the economy is doing, I have been home for the last two weeks, Maria. People just don't buy it. People recognize that it's getting harder to live your dreams under the Biden economy.And it's, unfortunately, because a lot of that net job growth has gone to the foreign-born. What a disgraceful commentary for the president to be bragging about an economy that's benefiting illegal immigrants more than American citizens.BARTIROMO: That is just astounding, Senator.And all day Friday, we heard all this celebrating about this jobs number. You have been home for two weeks talking with constituents. Tell me what's most important to the people you have spoken with in Ohio.VANCE: The two things I hear most about is that it's still really, really hard to afford a good life in this country, Maria, from car payments, home payments.A lot of the major indexes of inflation undercount the ways in which people are struggling day to day. Larry Summers, the Obama administration economist, has talked a lot about this, that, if you actually look at what most people are spending their wages on, prices are not coming down. Inflation is still a very serious problem for American workers.On the other hand, of course, you have a crime, public safety, and illegal immigration problem that's making people feel less safe in their own communities. So, on the one hand, they can't afford to get by in this economy and with this administration. On the other hand, they don't feel safe in their own communities.BARTIROMO: Wow.VANCE: We just had -- 15 miles from where I grew up, Maria, here in Southwestern Ohio, we had an illegal immigrant who was arrested who murdered somebody in Hamilton, Ohio.So, when people say -- Hamilton, Ohio, has about 60,000 people, by the way. When people say that Ohio is not a border state, we're certainly dealing with the problems caused by Joe Biden's open border. This has got to stop.And unless you stop it, I don't think you're going to give people any sense of real safety in their communities.BARTIROMO: Senator, you just relayed one of the horrible stories that we hear over and over again as a result of the unknown attached to the wide- open border.You have been to the border plenty of times. Why is it that the Republicans cannot really move the needle on securing the border? You're coming back to work next week, this upcoming week, after your Easter recess, and it sounds like the priority is money to Ukraine.There's a $95 billion foreign military aid package. Maybe it comes to the floor not this week, but next week. Regardless, when can you secure the border, and how?VANCE: Well, let me just say, first of all, Maria, this illustrates the need for a President Trump round two.We know that the Biden administration has thrown open the floodgates here. They have undone a lot of Trump era immigration policy, and we have seen the effects. But I don't want to let congressional Republicans off the hook here, because we actually do have leverage. We just have to be willing to actually use it.I think Speaker Johnson is a good guy, but if he brings up a foreign aid package, sending billions of dollars to Ukraine, without doing anything on the southern border, it will be a disgrace and a massive betrayal, not just of Republican voters, but of the entire country.Why would people elect Republicans if Republicans are more focused on the border of another country than the border of our own country? So I hope Speaker Johnson really shows some steely resolve here, pushes back against the craziness, and tells the Biden administration, you don't get a dime for your foreign priorities until you do your job and secure the border.And, in the meantime, we have got to do everything we can to reelect Donald Trump, because if we had him, we wouldn't be dealing with a president who wants to have an open border.BARTIROMO: So, can you effect change in the Senate?Because you just heard Marjorie Taylor Greene talking about exactly what you just said, Mike Johnson, a good guy, but really need him to be more serious and more aggressive in terms of securing the border. What can be done in the Senate? And who do you want to see in terms of the replacement for Mitch McConnell come November?VANCE: Well, we will see who actually runs, Maria.What I want is somebody, first of all, who could work with a future Republican president. That's very important. But you also need somebody, I think, who is willing to use the leverage that we have. And it's very simple.The way the framers set this up, Maria, is, Congress has the power of the purse. We cannot force Joe Biden to do anything. We can't order the military around. That power vests with Article 2 president of the United States. What we have is the ability to say, you don't get money for your priorities unless you do what the American people need you to do.And, unfortunately, whether it's Mitch McConnell or, unfortunately, too many House Republicans, there's been an unwillingness from our leadership to use that leverage. If we put our foot down, Maria, if we said to Joe Biden, you don't get another dime for your priorities until you secure the border, he would do it because he would have to.Unfortunately, you have way too many Republicans who want to accommodate the president's policies, instead of actually push him to fight for the American people.BARTIROMO: By the way, increasingly, I'm hearing the issue about the census.Is the wide-open border helping Democrats get more congressional seats?VANCE: This is a huge issue, Maria, and something we need to talk about more.So, Ohio in the last proportionment lost a congressional seat. California has between three and five congressional seats that it shouldn't have. Why? Because the census counts illegal aliens when it hands out congressional representatives.So, when you import millions of people into this country illegally, you're actually destroying the American people's power and their own democracy. You're taking away congressional representation from American citizens and giving it to illegal aliens.My colleague Senator Hagerty, great guy from Tennessee, actually had an amendment to try to force the change on this issue just before we broke for the Easter recess. Every single Democrat voted against it. So there are things that we can do. We just have to fight for the American people.BARTIROMO: So, in other words, they want it that way, your colleagues? They have no problem with the fact that the wide-open border, even if it has these national security threats, they're OK with it because it's giving them more congressional seats?VANCE: That's exactly right, Maria.This is the secret to why Democrats love an open border. We see it in rising fentanyl rates. We see it in rising crime rates. We're dealing, of course, with the consequences of it. But Democrats see an opportunity to massively transform who votes in American elections and who gets congressional representation.They are using it to subvert American democracy by changing out the people who currently live in this country with other people. It's a disgraceful attack on American sovereignty. It's, unfortunately, what the Democratic Party is committed to. It's the most important issue confronting our country, because, if American citizens don't control who represents us and who actually makes the laws for us, then we have been effectively -- we have ended our national sovereignty as a people and as a country.It's one of the reasons why the Democrats' open border is such a disgraceful assault on American sovereignty.BARTIROMO: Unbelievable.Senator, it's great to have you this morning. Very important conversation, and we appreciate your time.VANCE: Thanks, Maria. See you.BARTIROMO: OK, Ohio Senator J.D. Vance joining us.Up next: Fresh off of a $50 million night for the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee, RNC Chairman Michael Whatley and Co-Chair Lara Trump join me on the fund-raising blitz, a secure 2024 election, and Trump's Republican National Committee -- next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Everybody wants change. Our country is really doing poorly. We're a laughingstock all over the world. We're going to get that changed very quickly.And this has been some incredible evening before it even starts, because people, they wanted to contribute to a cause of making America great again. And that's what's happened. We're going to make America great again. Everyone knows it. The election is going to be in now a little more than six months, and it's going to be the most important, I believe, election we have ever had.I think it's going to go down as the most important date in the history of our country. That's November 5 will be the most important date in the history of our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that was President Trump last night after a record fund- raiser, where the RNC and the 45th president hauled in a record $50 million at a Palm Beach event, as new leadership at the RNC prioritizes fund- raising and ensuring a secure and transparent election this November.Joining me right now with more on the state of affairs is RNC Chairman Michael Whatley and Co-Chair Lara Trump.Thanks very much, she both, for being here this morning.LARA TRUMP, CO-CHAIR, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: Thank you, Maria. Great to be with you.MICHAEL WHATLEY, CHAIRMAN, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: It's great to be on here with you, Maria.BARTIROMO: Congratulations, a big night last night.Michael, let me kick this off with you. What does that kind of a haul get you? Where will you allocate this money?WHATLEY: We are going to spend every single dollar that we raise on two key, critical, core missions for the RNC, which are getting out the vote and protecting the ballot.And we're going to make sure that we are focusing on the battleground states and districts where we need to be competitive and making sure that every dollar that we raise is going to be putting lead on target.BARTIROMO: Get-out-the-vote is important, but ensuring a secure election is what a lot of people want to know what you're doing about, Lara.Tell me about that. You have said this is a priority. You said that the Republican National Committee has been revamped and is now a bonded entity with the Trump campaign. Tell us about it.L. TRUMP: Yes, that's exactly right.Look, I have been through two previous elections, of course, as my father- in-law has run. And look, we have always seen the support of the RNC, but we have never been one cohesive unit. And the beauty of things is that, right now, we are. That means we don't need two people to do this. That means we don't need two people to do the same job.As Michael just laid out, every penny of every dollar will go to its highest and best use. We have combed through contracts and vendors. We are making sure we are getting the best deal on everything.But when you talk about election integrity, it is vital. It is the number one thing that we are focused on, aside from getting out the vote, which, of course, Donald Trump himself will do for us. People are excited. And if they could go vote for him today, they would go do it.We are ensuring that, this election, we are leaving nothing to chance. I talked about it previously on this show with you before, Maria. We never before at the RNC have had an Election Integrity Division. All of our resources, we can put into this division as needed.And with a haul like we got last night, with a march like we had, we have the funding now to ensure we can train poll workers not just have poll watchers, that we can have lawyers in every voting precinct necessary across this country.We are making sure that we leave nothing to chance, because we have to understand the importance of this election. And I think what you saw last night, let me just clarify how big this was. Prior to last night, the largest single event fund-raiser in politics ever was the one that Joe Biden had. And he needed three presidents to haul in $26 million.He needed celebrities like Lizzo, Stephen Colbert, Anna Wintour. We needed one man, Donald J. Trump, one president, to double that. It was history made last night. Some of the people who came last night to this event had not contributed at a level like this ever before.People are not sitting on the sidelines anymore. They understand what's at stake. It's a must-win election. And from the election integrity perspective, we're focused on it like a laser at the RNC.BARTIROMO: Tell me more about that, Michael. Are you getting out and getting local support to defend the election?You have talked about increasing the number of observers, as Lara just walked us through. What can you give us in terms of specifics that you're doing to that end?WHATLEY: Sure.Two critical aspects to election integrity. First, we have got to make sure that we have the rules of the road in place in every state to ensure a fair election. So, we are working with state legislatures. We're working with boards of elections. We're working with secretaries of state to make sure that we get the rules of the road right.And if they're not, we're going to go file lawsuits. We have already filed over 80 different lawsuits in 24 states to make sure that we have the ground ready to go for safe elections. Secondly, we are recruiting and training tens of thousands of observers and we're recruiting and training thousands of attorneys to make sure that we are in the room whenever a vote is being cast and a vote is being counted.BARTIROMO: Is it too late at this point to make the rules right? I mean, I was reading a story earlier that Virginia is -- Virginia Democrats are trying to ban election audits after the fact.I mean, what can you do now while you have the time, Michael? And is it too late to make some of the changes you're efforting?WHATLEY: It's absolutely not too late at all.And that's why we are so aggressively working in all of these states. We have set up election integrity program. As Lara just mentioned, we are hiring election integrity directors and election integrity counsels in all of our battleground states to make sure that we're working with the state governments and the local governments all across the board to get the rules of the road right.What we want are fair, accurate, secure and transparent elections. And when we have it, then we're going to protect the sanctity of that ballot. We're going to make it easy to vote and hard to cheat.BARTIROMO: Lara, tell me about the states that you're zeroing in on.I saw a piece today that, in Pennsylvania, the fracking boom is weighing on Biden's reelection. People are feeling the impact of bad policy. Are there states that you're zeroing in on either to underline bad policy or to ensure that you're policing the rules of the road?L. TRUMP: Yes.Well, listen, every state matters, obviously. But there are the key battleground states, I think, as Michael mentioned, that we really do have to focus on. Pennsylvania is absolutely one of those states. We also have to focus on states like Arizona, Wisconsin. Michigan, a state that was a huge win for Donald Trump in 2016, I think we can get back under our belt, Georgia a state that Donald Trump also wants to focus highly on.You're going to see another huge fund-raising haul out of that state next week as well from President Trump. And so, listen, all the battleground states, we're highly focused on. There are 19 key counties around the country we must win in order to ensure Donald Trump becomes the 47th president. We are incredibly focused on doing all that.And, by the way, just to piggyback on the election integrity component, anyone out there who wants to volunteer to do any job whatsoever, whether you're a lawyer, you want to volunteer, a person who wants to ensure that we have free and fair elections, which, by the way, every person, Republican, Democrat, or independent, should want in this country, protectthevote.com.Come join us. Come ensure we have free and fair elections, because Maria, quite frankly, if we do not, nothing else ultimately matters. We are not able to call ourselves the United States of America anymore.BARTIROMO: What about the meddling that we could see from outsized -- outside people, like, for example, the Chinese Communist Party meddling?Or there's a piece in The Wall Street Journal this week by Holman Jenkins. It says, a disinformation October surprise is coming, saying that will the press be ready if for the third election in a row, our national security state meddles, Michael?WHATLEY: Look, I think that we are seeing right now that this election truly, truly matters on national security, on every one of these issues.When America is weak, the world is a far more dangerous place. And, right now, Joe Biden's feckless leadership has shown China, has shown Ukraine, has shown Iran that they can feel free to be much more aggressive on the world front, to the point where even they will try and meddle with our elections here.What we need to do is make sure that we are getting our message out to every family all across the country, because, when the American voters see the dramatic difference between four years under Joe Biden and four years under Donald Trump, they are going to vote for change. They are going to vote to have us return to Donald Trump and his presidency to help make America strong and make sure that our leadership in the world is unquestioned.BARTIROMO: Lara, I saw a lot of businesspeople at that fund-raiser last night. Do you think that business is coming back?I know that there are a few that President Trump has been unable to get, like a Steve Schwarzman or a Mrs. Adelson. What are you doing in that regard, in terms of luring business back to President Trump?L. TRUMP: Well, listen, the people we had last night at this fund-raiser are the titans of industry.And some of these people, Maria, did not initially support Donald Trump in this election, but they understand now this is the only way we save our country, to get behind this one man. He truly is the person who they know can do it. And I think we're going to be targeting all of those people out there.And I don't even think we need to ask them. I think they will come back in the fold, because, when the choice is between going, as we have been with Joe Biden, on a destructive path for our country and the world, or saving America under Donald Trump, every person in this country wants to save America.That's why I believe they will come over to the team and we're going to get Donald Trump back in there.BARTIROMO: All right, we so appreciate your time, both of you. Thanks very much for laying it all out for us, Michael Whatley and Lara Trump.Thank you. We will see you soon.L. TRUMP: Thanks, Maria.BARTIROMO: All right.Quick break, and then: President Trump's media business takes a wild ride in its first two weeks as a publicly traded company. Trump Media and Technology CEO Devin Nunes responds to critics of DJT with his plans for growth. He's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Well, welcome back.President Trump's media company has had a volatile two weeks. The stock finished down about 30 percent this week. The company, which operates Trump's TRUTH Social platform, lost $4 billion in market value after gaining $6 billion in value during its debut on the Nasdaq two weeks ago.For 2023, Trump media posted a loss of $58 million on revenue of $4.1 million. In a regulatory filing, the company also disclosed that its auditor had raised concerns about its ability to continue operating before its recent merger and IPO.Joining me right now is the head of Trump Media and Technology Group. He is the CEO, Devin Nunes.Devin, it's great to have you this morning. Thanks very much for being here.FMR. REP. DEVIN NUNES (R-CA): Always a pleasure, Maria.BARTIROMO: I was looking at the filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the loss.When would you expect this company to turn profitable?NUNES: Well, look, it's important to remember, Maria, that those numbers are based on what was the longest IPO in history. So we were overregulated.So, if you actually look at the cost that we built TRUTH Social, our beachhead against big tech, an impenetrable beachhead that everybody said couldn't be done without using big tech companies, that was built for a fraction of what many of these big tech dinosaur companies were built for.So, even if you take the ridiculous cost that it took us to get to this point, we are well-positioned. Why are we well-positioned? Because we have no debt. We're coming out of this with no debt, a platform that works really, really well that communicates to millions of people, and then we have $200 million in the bank.So, as you move forward here, we're looking at the entire ecosystem. What does it take to make sure that we protect people in the United States and around the globe from these tyrants of big tech who want to silence them?So we're looking at the whole ecosystem. Whether that's through acquiring technology, whether that's through building technology, those are all the issues that we're focused on, and including making sure that we're dealing with, like, a three-year plan here where we can go out and put this whole company together, where we're not reliant on big tech.There's never been a company like this. And we're really the only game in town that can accomplish this. And, Maria, you talk about something that's amazing. I think this is the most amazing part about our company, the retail investors.So, when we went out to get this merger, we had -- it took a while. One of the reasons, not just the regulation, but we had almost 400,000 people, just retail shareholders who had invested in this company. Now, guess what's happened over the last couple of weeks?We think we have added over 200,000 new retail investors. I would say there's not another company out there...BARTIROMO: OK.NUNES: ... that has retail investors like this.BARTIROMO: OK.I want to take a short break. I want to ask you if your audience is growing and what the business model is. Is it advertising or, as you say, building out the ecosystem?Stay with us. We have got more with Trump media CEO Devin Nunes when we come right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back.And I am back with former Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Congressman Devin Nunes, now the CEO of Trump Media.Devin, you were just talking about the activity on the platform TRUTH Social. Tell us more about that activity. Is it just about elections, the conversation, or is it broader than that? What can you tell us about the users of TRUTH Social right now and how they compare to your competition on Instagram and Facebook and Twitter?NUNES: Well, you know, look, it's -- we're the only game in town.I mean, obviously, those companies have been around for a decade, two decades, sometimes longer. And, after that, we're the next big game in town. And we're the only one that's going to be able to compete with them.So, as you will remember, one of the things we set out to do when we built TRUTH Social was, we looked at, what's the best of Facebook? What's the best of Instagram? What's the best of TikTok? What's the best of Twitter? How do we put it into one app?Well, now we're doing something and been testing something that no one's done. And that is, how do you give a home to canceled channels, to canceled documentaries? How do you put streaming into our app? That's something that we're testing. We have tens of thousands of people that are actually now using it.And, Maria, what we're actually looking at, as you know, people are cutting the cord. So you have these legacy big, big companies, cable companies, satellite companies, et cetera. So how do we take the best of, say, a Netflix, an Xfinity, a Sling, and how do you put that, integrate it into our app, where, ultimately, it can also be used to cut the cord, as people want to get to more family-friendly, pro-American type of content?That's what we're going to provide.BARTIROMO: Yes.NUNES: Now, look, we're a home for everybody. We're a home for everybody, which is why it's not just President Trump, one of the most iconic brands in the last 100 years.I mean, that's a big reason why, we know, that we're popular.BARTIROMO: Yes.NUNES: But, at the same time, we're building quality technology that works and is unbreakable.BARTIROMO: Devin, before you go, real quick on China.How worried are you about TikTok, the misinformation campaign, as the CCP tries to infiltrate and get involved in our election in November?NUNES: Well, look, it's about 100 percent chance. And it always happens. And it's happened forever.I mean, it's -- Russia's done it, China. Remember, on the whole Russia thing, it's like, OK, yes, the Russians do something. Yes, the Chinese are going to do something. But don't forget, probably the worst...BARTIROMO: OK.NUNES: ... is the Democrats, who control Facebook and Instagram and the other, censoring conservative thought.BARTIROMO: OK, we will leave it there. Devin, great to have you this morning.Trump Media CEO Devin Nunes.That will do it for us. Have a great Sunday, everybody. I will see you tomorrow morning.