JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, so there's Speaker Johnson saying that he's got three priorities here. One is funding the government. Another is the supplemental, but the first priority is the border.And, Sandra, contrary to what Biden insisted before, that he's done all he can as president on the border, Johnson says there's a lot he can do through executive order, and he's calling on him to do it.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: But insisting yet again, you heard from the speaker, we must take care of America first and America's needs first.But he says he brought up the border issue repeatedly. And, John, you look at poll after poll, and you look at the FOX News voter analysis from the primaries we have had so far, and, wow, is -- does it tell a story about how people are feeling about this issue of immigration in this country.It is the top concern of voters so far, from what we have heard, the most pressing issue they see facing the country today.ROBERTS: It really is a switch. It was the economy. Now it's immigration.On that point, let's bring in Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, who is with us.Lieutenant Governor, thank you for being with us.If you had a laundry list of things that you could put on the president's desk and say, here's what you can do through executive order to solve the border crisis, what would be on that list?LT. GOV. DAN PATRICK (R-TX): Great question. Great question.First of all, go back to the policies of Donald Trump from the last year or two of his office. We had it shut down. President Trump's policies worked with remain-in-Mexico. Secondly, you tell Mexico what President Trump told Mexico.If you don't deploy your military to stop people from crossing the border, we're going to put a tariff on everything you send to the United States. Third, you tell the Border Patrol that you're no longer in the hotel, hospitality business, that you turn people back around and you send them across the river.So there are the three things we can do. Go back to Trump policies. John and Sandra, it is not good for any guest to be angry on -- in an interview. But I sat there, and I listened to Schumer, and I listened to these stories of these young women that have been killed and this young girl who's been attacked.What the hell did the president think was going to happen when you let 10 million people, criminals, potential terrorists, rapists, murderers, gang members cross the border? What did he think? This is all due to their policies.And I can't even -- I can't even express how -- how -- the pain that we feel for every American that's lost, because those two young girls, that young girl who was raped, and all the hundreds of thousands who have been - - who have died from fentanyl, they would be alive today...ROBERTS: Yes.PATRICK: ... they'd be alive today, Sandra, John, if not for Biden's policies.ROBERTS: So...PATRICK: He can shut this border down. He already said, by the way, in that terrible Senate bill, once we get to 5,000, we can close it. If you can close it at 5,000, you can close it at zero.We have already proven at the state park, where there were 3,000 to 4,000 crossing a day in December. We have got it down to 10 a day. It can be done. It can be done like that. It's up to the president to do it.ROBERTS: Yes, Lieutenant Governor, unless I have missed something, we haven't heard from the president himself on the murder of Laken Riley.PATRICK: No.(CROSSTALK)ROBERTS: All we got was a statement from the White House to FOX Digital, which said -- quote -- "We would like to extend our deepest condolences to the family and loved ones of Laken Hope Riley."PATRICK: Yes.ROBERTS: "People should be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law if they are found to be guilty. Given this is an active case, we'd have to refer you to state law enforcement."And it says: "Condolences, yes, we want to hold them to account," blah, blah, blah, for the rest of it.I mean, this guy crossed the border illegally in El Paso. He was paroled into the country...PATRICK: Yes.ROBERTS: ... I believe it was September of 2022...PATRICK: Yes. Yes. Yes.ROBERTS: ... along with tens of thousands of other people who may be ticking time bombs in this country.PATRICK: Well, look, John, he is -- he obviously has a cold heart. He's got a cold heart for all of these deaths that he's seen over these years.I don't know how he looks in the mirror. And he's coming to Brownsville on Thursday. Like, thank you for showing up now after all these people have died. He doesn't care. This is all about the politics of the future. They want millions to come here, become citizens, then voters, so they can control the country.And they don't care. It's obvious they don't care who dies to meet those goals. And, John, look, we passed a bill. I helped write the bill with Governor Abbott, Senate Bill 4. It's going to the Supreme Court at some point. It says that we as a state can take control of our own border, just like the federal government, because we're being invaded.They're not doing their job. We're spending billions of dollars of our taxpayer money to do what Biden should be doing. And if the Supreme Court will uphold our bill, Texas will take control of the border. We will hire all those Border Patrol agents to be our own Border Patrol agents. We will shut it down.And there won't be any question about it. We have proven we can do it. We will do it. And I hope the Supreme Court upholds our bill when it gets to that court, because we as a state have a right to defend the lives of our citizens and the lives of Texans.And I'm fed up. The governor is fed up. The people are fed up. And America's fed up., in November, you better elect a Republican to the White House, because if you continue with Joe Biden or Kamala Harris or whoever they put up, this will continue. Donald Trump will get it done. We will close the border, but we can do it sooner if the Supreme Court will let us.ROBERTS: Lieutenant Governor, it seems that even some Democrats are fed up as well and having buyer's remorse.PATRICK: Yes.ROBERTS: This is what Mayor Eric Adams of New York City said about sanctuary cities back in October 20 of 2021.He said: "We should protect our immigrants, period. Yes, New York City will remain a sanctuary city under an Adams administration."Listen to what he's saying now.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: Those small numbers that are committing crimes, we need to modify the sanctuary city law that, if you commit a felony, a violent act, we should be able to turn you over to ICE and have you deported. It is a right to live in this city, and you should be -- you should be not committing crimes in our city doing so.(APPLAUSE)ADAMS: Right now, we don't have the authority to do so.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: Well, I guess it could be said that those sanctuary city chickens are coming home to roost.PATRICK: Yes, John, they could declare -- Hochul could declare a state of emergency now and do what they want.When I became lieutenant governor in 2015, the first bill -- or one of the first bills we passed was to ban sanctuary cities. We don't have sanctuary cities in Texas. So, they -- look, I'm so sick and tired of all these Democrats, oh, we knew, we should have, we should have, we would have, and blaming it on the Republicans?The Republicans -- that Senate bill was a joke. We're going to let 5,000 people a day in. It would just continue the policies. The Democrats are playing politics, and it's dealing with people's lives every day. And America is fed up with it, and we're fed up with it.John, Sandra, thank you. I have just -- I -- my heart breaks for those families who lost those young girls.ROBERTS: Yes.PATRICK: And it breaks for that family whose daughter has been raped by some person that should never have been here.ROBERTS: Yes, we're seeing all of these crimes committed by people who came into this country illegally. And you wonder, how many more are there out there?Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, always good to catch up with you. Thank you, sir. Appreciate it.PATRICK: Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you.ROBERTS: Sandra.SMITH: Thank you very much, Lieutenant Governor, for joining us.