MOLLY LINE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, that does it for us guys. We'll see you back here tomorrow at seven o'clock Eastern for "The Big Weekend Show." LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS HOST: Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Saturday.Thank you for being here. I don't think you're wasting your time. You'll get to decide that after the program, of course. I got the thinking, what is this election about? In fact, what is society about? It is good versus evil, isn't it?Forces of good forces of evil, constantly clashing, and who is going to win?This election is about good versus evil, and I'm going to make the case, just part of it, that electing Joe Biden is electing evil. Evil, not just a radical leftist, not just a buffoon, not just Obama staffers, but evil.And we are going to start with this. Obviously, this week, as you're well aware, as the whole world is aware, as Biden and Blinken and the rest of NATO are aware, the Israelis while defending themselves against an unprovoked terrorist, horrendous attack has been fighting like hell for six months I its longest war in history.And the other day, they accidentally took out a convoy of trucks, seven trucks, which had civilians -- civilians who were bringing food and medicine into Gaza , and Joe Biden, Anthony Blinken and this guy, Kirby, they immediately went to the microphones. I think, in fact, Blinken was in Europe for a NATO meeting, trashing Israel, trashing Israel for something that they didn't mean to happen and they apologized for and are independently investigating.Biden said in part this: "I'm outraged and heartbroken by the deaths of seven humanitarian workers from World Central Kitchen, including one American in Gaza yesterday. They were providing food to hungry civilians in the middle of a war. They were brave and selfless. The deaths are a tragedy."He goes on later: "Even more tragically, this is not a standalone incident. This conflict has been one of the worst in recent memory in terms of how many aid workers have been killed. This is a major reason why distributing humanitarian aid in Gaza has been so difficult because Israel has not done enough to protect aid workers trying to deliver desperately needed help to civilians. Incidents like yesterday simply should not happen. Israel has also not done enough to protect civilians. The United States has repeatedly urged Israel to deconflict their military operations against Hamas with humanitarian operations in order to avoid civilian casualties.""The United States will continue to do all we can to deliver humanitarian assistance to Palestinian civilians in Gaza, through all available means. I will continue to press Israel to do more to facilitate that aid, and we are pushing hard for an immediate ceasefire as part of a hostage deal.""I have a team in Cairo working on this right now."This is full of evil -- full of evil.First of all, he decoupled the release of the hostages from the ceasefire in the UN resolution in which he directed his UN ambassador to vote present or to abstain. So, that's a lie, number one.Number two, the only country in Gaza that is ensuring or trying to the delivery of food and medicine to Gaza civilians is Israel -- not Egypt, not the United States, not Jordan, not Iran, Israel. And I hate to tell Biden this, the IDF is not the Peace Corps.You want to send the Peace Corps over there? Go ahead. Hamas is stealing up to 70 percent of all food and fuel that is coming into Gaza. He knows that, we all know it.Then they are selling what they leave over at some exorbitant price to their own citizens. They're firing artillery into their own hospitals. They're killing their own citizens. Biden doesn't mention this once, and he continues to use throughout the day, throughout the weeks the lies from the Hamas terrorists about the number of civilians that are killed no matter how many statisticians and experts tell him he's wrong, he doesn't care -- because Biden is evil.He was evil when he set his foot in the United States Senate and sided with the Old Confederacy. The senators from Mississippi and Georgia and yes, even West Virginia, Robert Byrd. When he opposed the integration of our public schools, calling it a jungle. When he pushed legislation to prevent that integration, when in the 1990s, he was the author of a bill that's specifically targeted Black communities, and so more Blacks wound up in prison for using crack than others did for using cocaine.When the NAACP told him, this is a racist bill, he still pushed it.Now, Biden has figured, you know what, let me reverse course. I have the Black vote in my back pocket. I have the Jewish vote in my back pocket. I've got to reach out to the river to the sea crowd. Ife got to reach out to Tlaib's constituency, that's why I have to reach out too, and by God, if it means destroying the state of Israel, that's what I'm going to do.Because his plan for Israel to surrender to Hamas, for Israel to not destroy the leadership of Hamas, for Israel to give up 30 percent of its territory, its ancestral homeland, including its original capital, to the Palestinian terrorists in the PLO, that would become an Iran client state.His entire proposal will destroy the State of Israel in months, just as he is destroying the United States with an open border, all the crime, the slave, the fentanyl that's coming into this country, but I am getting ahead of myself.This guy, Blinken, he is not about politics, he is about ideology. He is an evil man and he has always been an evil man and John McCain was right, he is going to get Americans killed, and by God, he has, in Afghanistan and in the Middle East.Blinken is an idealogue, a radical left-wing ideologue. He hires this guy, Malley, who is a sympathizer to the Iranian Islamic Nazi regime, sympathizer to their nuclear program, brings in three individuals, one of whom is a serious suspect, in terms of the back channeling communication with the foreign minister of Iran, all of this happening in the Biden administration, all of it.Blinken is out there trashing Israel. They are not being sufficient in how they are protecting the civilians.John Kirby, Admiral, yes. Admiral Kirby, one of the great propagandists of all time, and that's not a good thing.Well, I want you to see something. I want you to see something. This is a video that was eventually released by the United States government, and the Pentagon. Let's take a look at this accident. Go.(Clip from Kabul, Afghanistan/August 2021/Department of Defense)LEVIN: This is a vehicle obviously and above is a drone. Now this vehicles heading towards this house. Now, the Pentagon said it headed on good intelligence, good intelligence -- that one of the terrorists who would attack American troops was hiding out in this location. There it is bullseye.That is a big explosion. Nobody could survive that.After that occurred, it was celebrated as a righteous attack by the United States government. That is the Biden regime and the Biden Defense Department. The problem was, they were wrong. It wasn't a terrorist holdout or a hang out.An investigation by Central Command, wrote POLITICO, has determined that an August 29th drone strike in Kabul that killed an innocent aid worker at nine members of his family, including seven children.He is not a member of the ISIS-K terrorist group. The command now assesses that it is unlikely that the man and vehicle targeted was affiliated with ISIS-K, the Afghanistan branch of ISIS or a direct threat to US forces said General Frank McKenzie, head of US command.This strike was taken in the earnest belief that it would prevent an imminent threat to forces at the airport. Our investigation now concludes that the strike was a tragic mistake.The news comes as the Biden administration is already facing criticism over its Afghanistan withdrawal, and the fact that the effort left hundreds of Americans and thousands of at risk Afghans in the country at the end of August.More than 120,000 people were airlifted from the Karzai International Airport before US troops pulled out. The revelation also comes one week after a "New York Times" investigation determined the target actually worked for an American aid organization.So, there is Biden, his regime, they blow to smithereens that house when there are 10 civilians, one of them an aid worker.Now, you know what Biden did after that? He went to Rehoboth Beach, Delaware and he left it to his military to figure it all out.What else happened? Civilian casualties in Afghanistan, wrote CNN, reach record levels in the first half of 2021, the UN warned, noting that deaths and injuries spiked markedly from May when the United States and its allies began withdrawing troops from the country. Why? Because Biden announced the date is certain.So the enemy knew, okay, we're on the move. He is going to get out. Slaughter, kill, maim, rape, destroy -- some 5,183 casualties, civilians were recorded in the first six months of the year, a 47 percent increase from 2020, the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan found in a report. The number of deaths and injuries recorded during May and June alone was 2,392, almost as high as the total for the preceding four months when 2,791 casualties were recorded."Time" Magazine: The situation is perilous for everyday Afghans who don't have the means or connections to leave. US officials who worked in Afghanistan are getting panicked messages from Afghan translators and other staff who weren't granted US visas in time, or couldn't get to the airport where US officials are trying to rush through thousands of applications before sending them on to Qatar for further security checks and processing."I'm still out here waiting for the US to save me," one Afghan messaged a long serving US official. "How do you respond to messages like this?" He said. "I've been getting them all day."Civilians slaughtered. We still don't know where all the Americans are. This is Joe Biden, you see, who cares about civilians.Ex-generals blame Biden administration for botched Afghanistan withdrawal. The two top military officials. This was in a hearing the other week.Whoever saw the withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan place blame for the chaos squarely on the State Department. That's you, Antony Blinken -- arguing the order to evacuate the country should have come much sooner.In their testimony, the two generals publicly exposed the clashes with the Biden administration in the war's final days before the chaos ensued.According to the generals, the military advised the US, meaning Biden, meaning Blinken, to keep at least 2,500 servicemembers in Afghanistan to sustain stability. They were also concerned the State Department was not moving fast enough to get the evacuation done.AXIOS: Leaked documentary reveals Biden's Afghan failures. How many civilians have been murdered? We don't even know.Leaked notes from a White House Situation Room meeting the day before Kabul fell shed new light on just how unprepared the Biden administration was to evacuate Afghan nationals who helped the United States in its 20-year war against the Taliban.Not just them, our citizens.Outsiders were frustrated and suspicious the administration was having plenty of meetings, but was stuck in bureaucratic inertia, lacked urgency until the last minute. While the word "immediately" peppers the document, it is clear, officials were still scrambling to finalize their plans on the afternoon of August 14th, because Biden gave the orders out on this day.Here we have "New York Post:" Biden was insistent that the disastrous pullout of US troops from Afghanistan on August 2021, which led to the deaths of 13 US servicemembers wasn't a "mistake" according to a forthcoming book, "The Internationalist: The Fight To Restore Foreign Policy After Trump" by a POLITICO left wing reporter, but nonetheless.The book also shows that White House officials knew Biden's promise to remove the American citizens before military members couldn't be kept. "There is no one here who thinks we can meet that promise," a senior White House official told Ward.December 12, 2013: A United States aerial drone launched four hellfire missiles on a convoy of 11 cars and pickup trucks during a counterterrorism in rural Yemen. The strike killed at least 12v men and wounded at least 15 others, six of them seriously.Witnesses and relatives of the dead and wounded interviewed by Human Rights Watch in Yemen said that convoy was a wedding procession. They said everyone in the procession was a civilian, including all the dead and injured and that the bride received a superficial face wound.They killed 27 Yemeni civilians at a wedding procession, not a single terrorist. This was under Obama-Biden and Obama was drone happy.As a matter of fact, during the Obama administration, at least five citizens were killed by drones.This is the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, no right-wing publication. Obama-Biden drones. Obama embraced the US drone program overseeing more strikes in his first year than Bush carried out during his entire presidency. A total of 563 strikes largely by drones targeted Pakistani, Somali, and others during Obama's two terms compared to 57 strikes under Bush.Between 384 and 807 civilians were killed in those countries, according to reports logged by this organization -- civilians.Over 100,000 people died by drug overdoses last year, that would be 2022 on this report. Preliminary statistics from the CDC show the death toll essentially unprecedented in American history.Many of those deaths could have been prevented if he would secure the damn border.Forty immigrants burn on Biden's border of death writes Conn Carroll, "Washington Examiner," a record high number of immigrants died trying to cross our southwest border last year and another 40 died this week in a Mexican detention center from heat.President Joe Biden is absolutely 100 percent responsible for every one of these deaths thanks to the border crisis he created.So why does Biden -- Blinken who was Deputy Secretary of State under Obama, Secretary of State during Afghanistan, why does he pick this one incident in Gaza where the Israelis immediately confessed a mistake and conducting an independent investigation?Because he is evil.He is not only betraying Israel, he is betraying Jews in this country. When he puts out a statement like that and Blinken speaks the way he does and Kirby speaks the way he does, and they are not condemning Jew hatred and antisemitism from the river to the sea crowd and our universities and our media, in our streets with miniature Kristallnacht going on all over the country, he is helping to give cover to the antisemites here and to the terrorists overseas.Joe Biden came into the Senate an evil man. He is in the presidency, he is an evil man.The choice in this election is between good and evil. Forget about what the Democratic Party media tell you. Forget about them. They're on the wrong side too, as they were in the 1930s covering up the Holocaust.No, they're on the side of evil, too.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We are here with our friend, Stanley Kurtz, senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center.You know, ladies and gentlemen, Joe Biden's war on the middle class really is focused heavily on America's suburbs and experts, single family homes, the right to own property, mobility when it comes to automobiles, and so forth.And Stanley Kurtz really has been at the point of the spear warning for a decade at least, that this Obama policy and this Biden policy is going to forever change what our country looks like and your lifestyle, and it is all going to come out of Washington, DC.Stanley Kurtz, welcome and give us an update, because they've just pushed out some more rules. And apparently they're implementing them right now.STANLEY KURTZ, SENIOR FELLOW, ETHICS AND PUBLIC POLICY CENTER: Yes. Well, thanks so much for having me, Mark. Absolutely.President Biden has made a decision to put housing at the forefront of his re-election campaign and he's got to do this because he has realized that inflation is really taking a bite out of people's incomes. And that is, especially because of rising housing costs.So to deal with that, Biden has decided to push housing to the forefront of his campaign, and the center of all that is his promise to help cut against and even eliminate single family zoning, that's the traditional form of zoning in America's suburbs in his second term.Now, he's got a problem in that, he doesn't want to really talk in detail about how he is going to accomplish that. But the truth is, Biden has to work on zoning through an incredibly intrusive federal regulation called Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing, AFFH.And AFFH really takes a whole set of responsibilities that used to belong to local governments, and puts them into the hands of the Feds, and most especially, AFFH would have the Fed socially engineering the demographic composition of your city, your town, your suburb, according to race, according to ethnicity, according to national origin, according to English language proficiency, even according to income.And on top of that, the AFFH rule would have the Feds controlling local decisions, like well, how should we develop our business district? Where should we put our transportation hubs? Where should we locate parks? Even how a suburb would draw its school district lines -- the Feds would have control of all this under AFFH, and Biden knows that this is a hugely explosive regulation when it comes to politics.So he keeps talking about all of the money he is going to dole out to people in his second term to help fix housing. But the truth is, if you look closely at his plan, it really centrally depends on AFFH.LEVIN: He says he wants to spend an enormous amount of money on new housing. He says we're nine or 12 million, whatever housing units behind and I think the American people need to understand and you can explain it better is he is talking about heavily dense housing.He is talking about apartments, buildings, condos, townhouses, as you say, not single family homes. They have a whole theory here with electric vehicles and charging stations, all concentrated in the same place. Even better yet, public transportation.And my question to you is when you get that far, if the courts uphold these things, and they tend to, then you're going to get into situations with brownouts, blackouts, who can drive what, which days, even days, odd days, how many cars you can have, how big your home could be. Once they get their nose under the tent, and it is for the better good, whether it's climate change, or whatever the reason is, it's going to be hard to put the brakes on this, isn't it?KURTZ: Well, that's right, Mark.And you're right, the transportation is very much involved in all this. Right now, the states have started to pass various laws, eliminating single family zoning in the suburbs. There is a huge controversy, it hasn't seeped into the national media yet, but there is a huge controversy right now in Massachusetts where a couple of years ago, the legislature passed a law mandating that all the of suburbs around Boston had to build dense multifamily housing near subway stops, near transportation hubs.And if you look at the debate there, the advocates really do want to force people out of their cars. I don't think they're going to succeed, I think it's going to be futile.But the whole strategy for improving housing, I think, is a failed strategy. Because instead of building in open spaces, they're trying to densify cities in order to force people out of their cars.I don't think it's going to work.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.US and Israeli leaders remain on high alert as Iran continues to vow retaliation after an Israeli airstrike in Syria earlier this week. That strike reportedly killing a dozen people including top Iranian commanders. US officials say the US is preparing for a significant and imminent attack on US or Israeli assets in the region.Tensions between Israel and Iran have flared as the war in Gaza approaches the six-month mark.The central US is bracing for multiple weather threats this weekend. High winds, severe storms and even breakouts of wildfires are possible as a powerful system moves toward the region.More than 30 million people from Texas to North Dakota are under wind and critical fire danger alerts. Power is being shut off in several Colorado counties because of the high risk of wind driven wildfires.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Stanley Kurtz, you know, the way the government was set up early on, and Alexis de Tocqueville wrote about that is that the federal government has the least amount of power. The states have the second amount of power, and the localities have the most power, because the people are closest to the localities and they can influence decision making -- like zoning, like housing, like transportation and all of these things.So the opposite position is one again, that has been fought for the last hundred years. More of, sort of an American Marxist point of view rather than a capitalist freedom point of view, which is we the government has to decide how to reengineer and rejigger society and that includes human nature.So isn't this really a battle between liberty and tyranny?KURTZ: Well, it is, Mark and you're right to mention Tocqueville, actually, Tocqueville, when he focused on the school of liberty, that happens in local government, he was actually focusing on the New England town meeting, and I go back again to this huge controversy that people need to pay more attention to in Massachusetts right now.It is actually town meetings throughout Massachusetts that are rebelling against this new law to force multifamily zoning on the suburbs there, and Biden's housing plan, cites this Massachusetts law as a model of what he wants to try to force on the states.But the town meetings, and through popular referenda, the towns and suburbs around Boston are rebelling against this. They are saying, no, we're not even going to obey this law. It reminds you a little bit of the Boston Tea Party, and then the governor and the state government, which passed this law is punishing these local suburbs, taking away their infrastructure money, making it impossible to build, for example, a seawall as punishment, and the whole thing is going up to the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court.And the interesting thing is that this Massachusetts law is actually much milder than AFFH, which is the big federal law that is going to kick in in Biden's second term. All of that the Massachusetts law does is to force locality to build multifamily housing.There is none of this bean counting about ethnicity or race or national origin. None of the detailed micromanaging. And still, there is now a gigantic rebellion across the greater Boston area.So imagine what's going to happen when Biden fully re-institutes AFFH, which he has avoided doing until his second term. If he is re-elected and reinstitutes this, it's going to supercharge the kinds of controversies that are already happening in Massachusetts, and Biden has pledged to use billions and billions of new money, of new pots of federal money to try to force laws modeled on Massachusetts, on the country.Boston, includes a list of various state laws attacking single family zoning and this Massachusetts law that is stirring up such controversy now is one of the examples that Biden wants the states to imitate and that he intends to pressure them to follow.LEVIN: AFFH, this federal rule. Was it passed by Congress?KURTZ: Well, the advocates of AFFH claim that this regulation fulfills the Fair Housing Act that was passed in 1968, but the truth is, they took one or two stray phrases from that Act, and completely reinterpreted and misinterpreted them to allow for massive federal intervention.There is no true basis in the Fair Housing Act for AFFH. It is a classic case of the federal government coming in and taking a law, like say, Title 9, which was supposed to ban sex discrimination, and ultimately using it to apply transgender bathrooms.And this is -- AFFH is the analogy in the area of housing. It is complete federal overreach, and it doesn't really have a basis in the law. But the advocates of it claim that it does.LEVIN: Well they always make these weird claims. They hate the Constitution, and then they pretend they are complying with it. They hate laws, but then they pretend they're complying with them.And unfortunately, these executive orders, these traditional fiats, these federal regulations are the way this country is managed now. We don't pass statutes any more. We don't have representatives in HUD. We don't have representatives in these various bureaucracies and they're an appendage of the Democratic Party and the radical agenda.And Stanley Kurtz, please keep banging the pots and pans. It's very, very important, senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center.God bless you, my friend. We're going to have you back. I appreciate it.KURTZ: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.John Spencer is one of a handful of people, when they talk about war and they talk about what's going on between Israel and the terrorists actually know what the hell they're talking about.He is chair of Urban Warfare Studies at the Modern War Institute at West Point. He is co-director of the Urban Warfare Project, hosted the Urban Warfare Project Podcast and what's going on in Gaza, sir, is urban warfare.The Israelis are under attack by the Biden administration. They are under attack by the European Union. They are under attack by the United Nations. They are under attack by the world media, including "The New York Times," CNN, the American media. Is Israel really conducting a war against citizens?John Spencer is one of a handful of people, when they talk about war and they talk about what's going on between Israel and the terrorists actually know what the hell they're talking about.JOHN SPENCER, CHAIR, URBAN WARFARE STUDIES AT THE MODERN WAR INSTITUTE AT WEST POINT: Absolutely not. There could be nothing further from the truth. It seems to be the great lie that the world has fallen into disinformation, either for intentional reasons or ignorance.By every measure, the Israeli Defense Forces are facing what no military has faced in modern history, if not going back to any history, especially the United States military who have only faced even a small portion of this type of the challenge of an enemy combatant embedded underneath urban areas on purpose, a massive military.If anybody thinks it would go differently if it wasn't the IDF, they're actually right. It would be much more destructive.I haven't written that yet, but what do you think the United States would do if somebody invaded and that's what October 7th was -- raped, murdered, burned children, took hostages back into enemy territory, and then started raining down rockets on our cities? I can guarantee you, the US military would respond with overwhelming force.And that's the problem is that people believe there is a different way and I've actually been on the ground in Gaza, deep in Gaza with the IDF because not only haven't I been studying this type of combat, urban warfare, but I've also been studying the IDF, how to organize, how they fight, and gone into Gaza, unlike most of the people who have an opinion and that's what it is, an opinion about the war hadn't been.And I'm saying that the IDF are conducting the most just war, justly of any military in history given the context of the challenge of urban combat, in the way they approach the battle, and how they have done everything that was ever done in the history of war to limit civilian casualties, because there is no such thing as a bloodless war. But the IDF have done everything that everybody has ever thought about, and then created new ones that nobody has done.They waited for weeks -- three weeks -- before they entered the cities, until they conducted the ground invasion, while their citizens, to include American citizens are literally being raped by their captors, the terrorist captors inside the cities.They waited, they evacuated 85 to 90 percent of the civilians, and then went after Hamas who was hiding underneath hospitals, underneath schools, underneath UN facilities, and then the world said, well, it is still not good enough. You're still causing too much harm, and then --So they changed their tactics, and every time, whatever the world sees, they think they know what they're seeing, and most people are ignorant to war, or they've fallen into Hamas' trap.Literally Hamas' strategy is what is happening now for the entire world to turn against Israel, the entire world to think that it could be done in a different way, and the world -- and I mean, the world's expectation that Israel should not go into Gaza, and they should let their hostages be raped, and tortured, and killed, and rockets can continue to rain down.This is a major problem is that, most of the military, most of the governments of the world, besides a few having faced an existential threat in a long, long time. And unfortunately, Israel has had to face it very repeatedly.And they've often had to stand alone, and they will do it if they have to, because everybody has the right of self-defense and that's what I'm seeing on the ground.LEVIN: You have this case a few days back where the Israelis accidentally hit this caravan of food relief people. I went through in the opening some of the instances where the United States military did the same thing, and I don't blame them.They're not aiming for them. I mean, we're a righteous country, the Israelis are a righteous people. That's a righteous country. And then yet this administration exploits it, attacks them, blames them for the lack of food coming into Gaza, blames them for civilian casualties.Last week, they continued to use Hamas numbers despite the fact the greatest statisticians in the world have said, no, that's not accurate. What do you make of the propaganda from the Biden administration and Blinken and frankly, our media? Isn't that basically giving aid and comfort to the enemy? To continue to do what they're doing?SPENCER: Absolutely. It is causing the suffering, literally our position, especially mass media's position on the war is causing the suffering because the Hamas strategy is relying on hope, hope that these messages will continue to be a daily feed in everybody's minds, and that basically, the dangerously dumb will believe everything they hear versus actually what is going on and then Hamas continues to hold on the hope that they will survive.That's all they have to do, it is to survive the war, and they achieve victory and become the great champions of the terrorist world who attacked Israel and the United States since they call Israel, the Little Satan, and they call America the Great Satan.But a hundred percent, it is giving Hamas hope, and the truth of the matter is that, not only is there no evidence of a single war crime, or single intent, and that's what really matters in this sham of a ICJ genocide case to use the word created, just to try to explain the horrors that happened in the Holocaust.The sham of that is to show that there is intent, just like that tragic event with the World Kitchen is that there is no intent to target civilians, and there is no evidence that Israel has targeted a single civilian.War is hell, war is uncertain. There's a fog and a friction, and mistakes have happened.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with John Spencer, Chair of Urban Warfare Studies at the Modern War Institute at West Point; coordinator, Urban Warfare Project; host of "The Urban Warfare Project Podcast."You probably never heard of him on CNN, MSNBC, "The New York Times" or "The Washington Post," because he's an actual expert. He's not just shooting from the hip.So John Spencer, can you give us a few examples? What is the IDF doing to avoid civilian casualties?SPENCER: I mean, it's a long list, Mark, but they evacuated all of their urban areas. They dropped fliers, they sent drones with speakers. They handed out their maps and told the civilians where not to be, which includes Hamas. They use cellphone presence in areas to know if there are civilians in an area and they're telegraphing every punch and giving away all their military advantage in the pursuit to preserve civilian life and to mitigate civilian harm.It is incredible. I fought in urban combat. The US military has never done things like that, handed out their maps, told the enemy exactly where they're going to be on a day-to-day basis.They do daily pauses, Mark. Every day, almost, they do daily pauses and says for these number of hours, we will not conduct operations so civilians can leave, so humanitarian aid can get in. It's incredible.LEVIN: And Hamas is doing everything humanly possible to have civilians killed, to create damage on buildings, that last so-called hospital was really a Hamas compound, and they were firing mortar shells into their own hospital because they knew all the photographers from the BBC and AP and Reuters and the rest, and all the mouthpieces in our media would say, oh, my God, look at what the Israelis are doing so forth and so on.You look at this massive propaganda effort. There is enough factual information getting to the White House for sure. The State Department and the media outlets to know better that they're relying on terrorist regimes and they're treating Israel like it's a terrorist regime.What do you make of that?SPENCER: I mean, it is a wacky world when we are believing that word of a terrorist over our allies, our friends, over a moral just government and military. But it's the speed of it. It is incredible.Just like the hospital, they're just waiting for the IDF to complete their operation where zero civilians were killed, and 200 terrorists were killed. They were just waiting for the IDF to leave to get those photos of the damage that was caused by the combatant fighting from a hospital, which is a war crime.LEVIN: The other thing that amazes me, John Spencer is the lack of -- they talk about moral equivalency. Joe Biden and his party and his regime have trashed the prime minister of Israel over and over and over again. They want him to be toppled. Schumer said that.It's a duly elected government. They don't talk about the mass terrorist who runs Iran that way. They don't even mention the names of the leaders of Hamas or Hezbollah or the Houthis. They get a complete pass.So Netanyahu is the enemy and Bernie Sanders of course, we know who he is. He says it is Netanyahu's war. They all sound like Rashida Tlaib now. I mean, even a man like you with all your background, all your experience, a historian, among other things, you have to be shocked by this too, are you not?SPENCER: I am shocked by people playing politics with people's lives. I've been on the ground, I've walked the ground of October 7th. I mean, Hamas are psychotic killers that need to be killed and the world will be a better place.And actually, by all the politics of this, by making it go slower, we cause more suffering. But I, a hundred percent agree and it is not Netanyahu's war. Israel is actually united, unlike we are to the threat to their lives, and they're doing something about it and they are having immense success.The victory, and according to their words is close, and as a military strategy, I believe that, as I have been on the ground.Hamas is on the ropes, and they're hoping that the US saves them.LEVIN: And Biden wants to save them. Biden keeps demanding a ceasefire. He doesn't want them to go in to Rafah. That's where the leadership is. That's where they're holed out. That's where the final battalions are.The Israelis want to wrap it up. They want to take them out. They want to eliminate Hamas from the Gaza Strip, and we have these people in this country, in this administration who claim that's what they want, but it is clearly not what they want.I actually think they're servicing Iran. I actually think that's what's going on because Iran is the mothership of terrorism. They never mention them.They're sending billions into them. They've rearmed themselves. We don't attack them even when they kill three American service personnel.John Spencer, please keep up the good work. You're one of only a handful of experts who is out there telling the truth.God bless you, my friend.SPENCER: Thank you.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I just want to say this to Joe Biden and Antony Blinken. You're not fooling anybody. You see, we, Americans, we know the difference between good and evil, and liberty and tyranny. We know what you people are.Biden is a chameleon political hack. He has been his entire life. If it meant being a racist, he was a racist. If it meant being a segregationist, he was a segregationist. If it means being an antisemite to pick up 5,000 votes in Michigan and Minnesota, then he is happy to be an antisemite.No, he never admits these things. He lies about them, while he is pointing a finger at Donald Trump and calling him effectively Hitler and unleashed his federal law enforcement to put Trump in prison.But you, Blinken, you're the worst of the worst. I know, as a matter of fact, all about your background, all about your associations, all about your interests and your purpose -- it is to destroy the State of Israel, that's what you're about.It doesn't matter why. It matters that you're doing it, and John McCain was right: You're dangerous to our country.I'll see you tomorrow night, that's Sunday on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.