SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We understand and we'll check back with you. we appreciate you joining us, Gabriella, our best to you.You can catch me tomorrow alongside John Roberts 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time in AMERICA REPORTS. For now, here's THE FIVE.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, I'm Greg Gutfeld, along with Greg Gutfeld, Greg Gutfeld, Greg Gutfeld. And a thimble is her hot tub, Dana Perino, THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: April Fool's America. Hello, everyone. I'm the real Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. I had to remember their last names because they're not in the prompter. Now, let's get started.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: By the way, say hello to Oyster bunnies. Come on up, bunnies. Get up where they can see you. Come on, get in there. Pretty big bunny, huh?(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: President Biden hanging out with Easter Bunny today for the annual White House Easter Egg Roll. And act like he didn't just step in a whole mess of controversy. The president firing back at critics after marking Transgender Day of Visibility on Sunday. It's not the first time Biden and his administration have celebrated the transgender holiday. But backlash has been swift with it landing on the same day as Easter.The New York Post op-ed calling out Biden's Easter insult in the name of trans activism. President Biden says, don't blame me. Biden telling a group of reporters away from the cameras, "I didn't do that." The media defending Biden's decision by pointing to his Catholic faith.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President Biden isn't Catholic of deep faith. He of course went to Eastern mass yesterday. No word if Donald Trump went to any sort of religious ceremony.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: President Biden obviously a man of faith himself and he went with a very kind of traditional approach here, the former President Donald Trump going with the politics of grievance.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The far right doesn't care that Biden is this religious Catholic and that Trump has all these marriages.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: there in lies the difference between Biden, an actual man of faith who goes to church virtually every Sunday, and Trump who cloaks himself in Christianity in order to not only use religion as a weapon, but also as a blasphemous money making opportunity.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: The White House also coming to Biden's defense calling the criticism cruel and dishonest.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Every year for the past several years on March 31st, transgender -- Transgender Day of Visibility is March.As a Christian who celebrates Easter with family, President Biden stands for bringing people together and upholding the dignity and freedoms of every American. Politicians are seeking to divide and weaken our country with cruel, hateful and dishonest rhetoric. It is dishonest. What we have heard the past 24 hours.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Jesse Watters, what's going on? What do you think about all this?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: First of all, I just want to wish everybody here at the table, Happy Transgender Day.GUTFELD: Thank you.WATTERS: I crushed a few Bud Lights with Dylan. What did you guys do?GUTFELD: You know, I can't tell you what I did.WATTERS: OK. Well, I just want to say I blame Obama. And here's why, he was the first president to formally recognize Transgender Visibility Day. He just wasn't stupid enough to put a proclamation out it on Easter.Now, I don't know whether the Biden White House didn't know they were putting it out on Easter weekend or they didn't care. I don't know if it's sloppy, or they're waging spiritual warfare against Christianity. Wake up, Harold. And then Joe Biden says he didn't do it.So, he is either waging war on Christianity or he's a liar, so go figure.Permission to speak on behalf of the American people, Dana.PERINO: Do you -- yes. OK.WATTERS: Thank you.PERINO: I was going to offer to hold your hand, but I think I'll take a past on this one.WATTERS: I think the trans thing is over. We have accommodated the trans for quite some time. They're demanding more visibility, Greg. The only thing more visible than the trans is Taylor Swift or Kilmeade. I see more stuff about trans than anything. Every -- and now, we're finding out there's like a hundred trans days recognized on the calendar.I was always under the impression that gay pride month was June. They get the whole month. LGBTQ-RSTUV, the trends falls under that umbrella and they can do whatever they want during that month. They can have a parade, they can bake cookies, they can be as visible as they need to be. I have no problem with that. Do your thing.But now they're picking individual days out of the calendar and if you have a whole calendar, 365 days of the year, and the transgender community purposely chooses the day of Jesus's death or his resurrection, whatever Easter weekend. That seems like a shot, a purposeful shot, could have been in October. But even in August, they chose that day on purpose.And then the media tries to controversialize Christianity. OK, so Trump put his name on a Bible and is promoting prayer. So what? That's not controversial. FDR handed out signed bibles to troops during World War II. Jimmy Carter wrote forwards to bibles, which were then sold, they call Barack Obama the Messiah, so what? It's what American politicians do, I don't have a problem with that.In communism, what they did was they tried to banish religion so you couldn't worship God, you had to worship the state. I hope we're not heading in that direction. But that will not happen on my watch.PERINO: So Judge, it was always -- the White House will say, well, that the date of Trans Visibility Day is always March 31st. And it just happened that Easter got in the way of Trans Visibility Day.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: The interesting part of it is that Joe Biden didn't just announced that the Transgender Day of Visibility, he announced that the day before, and the day of, so it kind of got the double hit.But I think it's some of the other stuff that he said, where he said that, he actually says, you are made in the image of God, He tells that to the transgenders. Well, if you're made in the image of God, why do you need surgery? Why did you change your sexuality? You know, why did you mutilate your body?But the truth is that we live in a country where there are over 210 million Christians and Catholics, in a country of what, 330 or 340 million Americans, that is a huge majority.And for Joe Biden to come out and promote this and make a proclamation on that day is an insult to Christians, Catholics who believe that this is probably the most sacred day where Christ died for our sins on Good Friday and then arose. And the belief is that that resurrection is the forgiveness of our sins. It is a very significant day to us.And I think that Biden is mine -- he was mocking the tenants of Christianity, when he said, you're made in the image of God. And -- but it's not unusual for this administration. It's this administration where, you know, the Easter Egg Roll for the National Guard families, they say the children are not allowed to paint anything on the eggs at the White House, which has an overt religious influence. So, if a kid puts a cross on an Easter egg, that's not allowed.And finally, let me talk about how the Biden administration, you know, they can say he's this great Catholic? Well, I don't think he is, Catholicism is not a name. It's in your actions. It's in what you do. Third-term abortions to me are not about Catholicism. This is an administration where the vice president goes to an abortion clinic to promote it and praise it. This is an administration where they literally target Catholics as they weaponize the FBI and the DOJ, basically saying and then they denied it, that there are Radical Traditionalist Catholics RTC. And they propose infiltration into Catholic churches, where they actually want to priest and choir directors to go after them.So, I don't call this guy, a pro-Catholic president.PERINO: One of the things about this story that really got to me, Harold, is that when Biden was asked about it, he said, oh, I didn't do that.So, the staff spent a whole 48 hours fighting online saying how great of a Christian that Joe Biden is, that he would include everybody. But he was like, I don't even do that. So it does, again, feel like Gen Z is in charge of the White House and President Biden goes along with it until he's asked about it in person. And then he denies it. And it's also good to have you back.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So, it's good to be back. Belated Happy Easter and happy Good Friday, I wish -- I was hoping to be here Thursday, but couldn't.The -- I read Cardinal Dolan's message on Friday and one of our in house newspapers in New York Post, and I thought it was powerful. I was -- I was moved to tears by because it was obviously in the wake of the murder of this New York Police Department officer whose wife I thought gave one of the more compelling and chilling and honest eulogies that a spouse could ever give. You'd never want to give that sermon. She thought was measured in her tone but direct.Carnal Dolan wrote the next in that paper that Jesus's love, goodness, mercy and truth. He was viciously slain on that cross and he was dying for us. I try to keep that in mind when I think about these kinds of political things that happened particularly during this time of year.I probably would have done what President Obama did to Jesse's point, would have done it a little differently. However, I do think that we're all made in God's image, even when murderers and those who are on death row are about to lose their lives, justifiably and rightly so, pastors and others, men of faith and women of faith will come and say that.I also think in fairness to President Biden, I read some of this, I didn't understand what he was saying either at first, Dana, when you -- intro to your question, or part of your question when you said that, he said he didn't do that. I think the question was your -- he was responding to I think the Speaker Johnson who accused him of violating the tenets of Easter. And I think in his mind, he was not, I think he thought he was -- he was lifting up a group of Americans, that a group of humans for that matter, let alone -- let alone Americans.I wrote -- when I -- when I think about what the way you describe it, Judge, I think we're all sinners. And I think what he might have been saying when he -- I don't think he was lifting the transgender community above anyone, I think he was saying that whether you're straight, whether you're gay, whether you're transgender, we're all sinners in our -- in our own way, in our own right. And Jesus died for those sins to be forgiven.And in my faith, on that Sunday, Easter Sunday, the one thing that we -- that we celebrate, Judge, your right is the resurrection of Christ. And Christ is risen, so.PERINO: Greg Gutfeld he has some thoughts here.GUTFELD: Yes. Well, I mean, if you demand Trans Visibility, and you have all these days of remembrances an honor, then it should be full visibility. That means we should be able to talk about it.This isn't about a day, it's about the truth behind the movement. What is happening to kids, it may be a coincidence that the Trans Visibility Day fell on Easter but the choice wasn't. The choice is the result of movement, right? And the mindless reflex of a hollow man called Joe Biden, he could have moved it but he didn't. That says something.And in terms of traditions, the trans state has been around for a few years, but I think Eastern has been around a little longer, even longer than Joe Biden. So it's not about the day, it's about the truth, and it's about the movement.Of course critics, as they always will be portrayed as right wing hysterics, bigots pouncing on a "marginalized group."As Jesse points out, this is the opposite of marginalized, I've never seen the smallest percentage of a population amplified like this in my life. We have no quarrel with adults doing whatever they want with their bodies. We're a pretty open-minded society. This has gone too far because they've widened the net, right?It's not -- it's not about adults dressing up on a day and going barhopping. It's a collective hysteria that is affected children, primarily girls who are being diagnosed with so-called gender dysphoria, which is spread socio genetically, it's not internal. This is the stuff that you're seeing right now, you know, it was not internal, because how could it explode so quickly, things don't -- things don't grow like that fast.The data shows that it's outside awareness that is affecting anxious and depressed teens, who are then encouraged to take steps that are irreversible, and that they learn to regret. The movement proponents have lied to us. They lied to us to keep us scared. They were telling us that children with gender dysphoria are more prone to suicide. That is not true. Children with anxiety and depression are more prone to suicide. That is a precursor. They use that to create this lie.So, that if you didn't use gender affirmation through drugs and therapy, then you weren't preventing suicide, you wanted gender-confused kids to die. And this made the leap without data to move towards these era of irreversible outcomes, which were pushed by bloodthirsty people that have infiltrated our medical industry.The American College of Pediatricians finally came out with a statement against child mutilation. And it's absurd in itself that they actually had to come out and say that, but the AMA, the APA, they've all stood by why these -- while children are being butchered in the name of a larger movement.If you want Trans Visibility, you don't really want it. Because then you got to look at the leaders in the movement, the people specifically in the prison movement that are trying to turn inmates trans, some of them rape kids. It's there. Some of them have murdered people. They've changed their names. It's all there.So, right now, you're seeing this strange. This is -- this is as bad as the lobotomy movement. In my -- in my idea what they did to people with just mild mental issues, they lobotomize them. This is a mild mental issue in which children are butchered.Irreversibly are used with hormonal injections in which they're never they say, we've redefined -- we've allow them to redefine childhood anxiety in order to advocate irreversible solutions, do no harm. I mean, how can a doctor do this? This violates do no harm, they should lose their licenses and ultimately go to jail.PERINO: I just want to add one thing that's like a bigger picture thing, which is at the White House every single day, you could be asked to write up to eight or 10 proclamations. It's absurd. There's just too many. And I don't think the government needs to weigh in on every single thing. Maybe just make it for a federal holiday, and just end it because otherwise, it's just nonsense and waste a lot of time. And then there --GUTFELD: I want my own day.PERINO: I'll give you a day.GUTFELD: Short people don't have their own day.PERINO: Now, why don't --GUTFELD: Judge? You're short.PIRRO: No, I'm not.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: No, I'm not. PERINO: I'll join you.GUTFELD: Yes. OK. Thank you, Dana. We're proud.PERINO: Yes. I want the month of May.Coming up, the illegal border crossers who attacked and overwhelmed border agents now getting to walk free out of jail.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: The illegals who caused the riot at the border, getting the liberal city special and walking free out of jail. The Texas judge reportedly ordering the release of several migrants seen in this shocking video stampeding their way through razor wire while pummeling Texas National Guardsmen. The White House not bothered by the migrant madness and blaming Republicans for it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Most of the border crossers accused of beating up Texas National Guardsmen in a riot last month were released on their own recognizance Sunday. How does that make people in this country any safer?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: As the event unfolded, the Border Patrol was able to act quickly and get the situation under control and apprehend the migrants.Our immigration system has been broken for decades because of the last president and because they put politics ahead of the American people, we are seeing chaos.DOOCY: Does President Biden wish that Republicans in Congress would help him make a law that made it easier to deport people?JEAN-PIERRE: He wants congressional Republicans to pass to move forward with a bipartisan border security agreement.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: All right, Harold in the green room, you came up with an amazing solution for this. You said Greg, we should kill two birds with one stone and hire squatters as security against the illegal gang members. I thought that was pretty inventive.FORD JR.: Again, I got to look at the cameras on this. You could be right. The -- this story here, we do -- we do a lot of stories like this rightly so. For the life of me, I blame President Biden in his administration for 80 percent of this. And I blame the Congress for 20 percent. But when you -- if you -- if your party is in charge of the White House, and you see this happening, you have more tools at your disposal to do something immediately.Now, there a lot of things that President Trump did that I don't like, there's some things that he did that I do like from getting us a vaccine sooner to I think smarter executive orders on the border. Actually, I think President Obama had the toughest executive orders, but President Trump certainly had ones that were effective.And there were things that -- there was some other things that President Trump did around the economy that I thought were -- that I thought were decent. This issue here in a tight race, if you wanted to look at the bare politics of the White House, this is the issue that will cause you to lose, will cause us to lose, that that shouldn't be the only reason you act. But in politics, generally winning or getting reelected is what prompts, what catalyzes people to act.The American people don't like this, rightly so, Americans don't feel safe with this. This -- like we say on this show, and I say on the show, you can tell people are doing well economically or financially. But if they're not, they're not going to believe it.If you tell people they're safe and secure and our border is secure, and they see these images over and over and over again. They're not going to believe it. Because it's not true.I would hope that the White House and I would hope even those in Congress who can act would do it. But if you're in the White House, you have an opportunity and I believe an obligation to act on this.GUTFELD: You know, Jesse, if only they had evidence that these illegals were spreading anti-Biden memes. We could send the FBI after them.WATTERS: Right because I remember on January 6th, a couple people even peacefully trespassed on the federal property, and the ones that weren't so peaceful, and may have assaulted a federal agent. I mean, they were -- they were sent to prison for a very, very long time.The same thing is happening at the border, people are trespassing on the federal property, or in this case, assaulting federal agents, and they're just sprung. So, it's total B.S.Now, Greg, the people we're told are coming here are asylum seekers. Now, in order to be an asylum seeker, you have to fear your life is in danger in your country.So, on the count of your race, people are fleeing South America. These are Hispanics fleeing Hispanic countries. OK? Or what about their religion? Are we saying these are Muslim Hispanics that are being persecuted in Guatemala, or in Ecuador, or membership in a particular social group is making them feel persecuted? Are they Freemasons?GUTFELD: They might be.WATTERS: Are they transgender individuals who feel persecuted? Greg, where have all the newspaper story has been about mass persecutions in Latin America? Where are the unmarked graves? Where are the overflowing political prisons, The New York Times is interested in millions of people being persecuted.I mean and basically, the presidents of all of these Latin American countries are then coming to the White House, to just hang out with the president, hang out with the vice presidents.PERINO: And ask for money.WATTERS: And ask for money. Why would you give a president money who's politically persecuting millions of people? None of this makes sense.GUTFELD: He makes a really good point. And that always surprises me.PERINO: I know, I was really shocked by that.WATTERS: It's Monday.PERINO: You're really firing on all cylinders. I thought about the TikTok migrant that we talked about last week.GUTFELD: Oh, loved him.PERINO: So, he was on TikTok instructing other illegal migrants to squat on vacant homes. So, they pay attention to our laws and work to exploit them.But there was a political piece just a couple of -- maybe about a month ago, I can't believe it didn't get more attention. It was about an inside look of the Biden White House about how they used immigration as a political hot potato. Because once they done all those executive orders that Biden signed and realized that they had walked themselves into a terrible policy mess. They all started just throwing up as it's not my fault, not my fault.This president has had I think the fewest cabinet meetings of any president of modern history. If I were him, I would call a Cabinet meeting. And I would look around the table and say, everybody right here, tell me what you're going to do because Congress won't act. Congress won't act. So, what are we going to do here? Let's start with you, Merrick Garland and what we're going to do at the border with these guys who just got released.GUTFELD: I wish he would just call a cab. Last word, Judge. You know what, if one of these agents ever like in self-defense hurt one of these people.PIRRO: They'd sue.GUTFELD: You know it.PIRRO: They'd sue and they'd collect, it would be terrible.Look, these people have righted their way into the United States. They don't have a right to be here. That is illegal entry that is rioting. Within hours, they are released on their own recognizance ROR by a judge. His name is and I want you to remember his name everybody, because these are the people who are tearing down America. His name is Roberto Acosta, all right?He dismissed nearly a hundred cases in August of 22, he dismissed additional a hundred cases in October, and he dismisses a hundred cases this past weekend, how can you dismiss cases within hours of the arrest? They he then claimed that the D.A. didn't indict in time.Well, the D.A. can't indict. And by the way, judge, he has 180 days the D.A. to actually indict these individuals. So, this is the fault of that judge, that judge could have retained them an illegal alien is an inherent flight risk.Now, let's talk about what the Fed should have done. The federal government, if we had a sane federal government, they would have come out here and they would have -- they would have made a public announcement that they're going to charge every one of them with illegal entry or reentry, which is probably the case with a lot of them or assault.They literally jumped on the knee of one of the Border Patrol agents, looked at him and did it intentionally, and rioting along with the other charges.And then the federal government should say, we are going to send our most elite officers to track down and deport these individuals.This is a failure of the federal government, the failure the federal government who has literally abdicated its responsibility to the American people.And then what they do is when Texas tries to defend its own border, Joe Biden and his pals tried to stop Texas from enforcing the law.So, right now, we're in a quagmire with the feds. So, we've got the we -- the district court said it's unconstitutional to allow Texas to create -- to protect the border. Fifth Circuit said no, but we're going to stay it. Supreme Court lifts the stay and then the Fifth Circuit restored this day. What's wrong with our legal system and this judge in federal government are responsible.GUTFELD: All right, ahead, the widow of slain NYPD detective Jonathan Diller is ripping into the liberal bail laws.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Thousands of New York's finest showing up in force to pay their respects at the funeral for fallen NYPD Officer Jonathan Diller. The widow of the hero cop delivering a devastating eulogy aimed at leaders who allowed the Liberal bail laws.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANIE DILLER, WIFE OF JONATHAN DILLER: How many more police officers and how many more families need to make the ultimate sacrifice before we start protecting them? It's been two years and two months since Detective Rivera and Detective Mora made the ultimate sacrifice just like my husband, Jonathan Diller. Dominique Rivera stood in front of all the elected officials present today pleading for change. That change never came.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Detective Diller was fatally shot by a pair of career criminals with dozens of priors between them. One of the dirt bags was in court earlier and held without bail. Governor Kathy Hochul says she understands why everyone's mad and yet she refuses to step up and change the laws.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCUL (D-NY): I went to the wake to meet the family and speak to everyone. There's a lot of anger. Understandably there's anger about how these individuals who commit crimes over and over are back out on the streets again.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, Kathy could go to Albany and just make this a huge push over the next legislative session but she doesn't do it. Why?PIRRO: She doesn't do it because she cut a deal with AOC and the Working Families Party right before the last election to make sure that she would stay in power, and she is doing everything she can to maintain that. Now, I used to work in the legislature. It doesn't take much to get a bill -- in the New York legislature to get a bill and get someone from the other side especially in this climate. But you've got Heastie who's not going to go for it. You've got her -- Hochul who isn't willing to put any political capital behind it.Make no mistake, we are the only state that doesn't have -- doesn't give a judge discretion for dangerousness. The reason those guys shot and killed - - well, one of them did, OK. Rivera did, the other guy was driving the car. They both were career criminals. Had they been caught with those guns, they would have gone to prison for life. So, there was no risk to them shooting officer Jonathan Diller. And that's on Hochul. Without a doubt it's on Hochul. They should not have been out.If bail had been properly imposed, if parole had not been early release, then these two would have been in jail where they belong and Diller would be alive. And she has the blood on her hands. Don't let her sweet talk you. Don't let her, you know, do a two-step. It's all in her hands.WATTERS: And she wasn't welcome at the wake, Harold.FORD JR.: So, I disagree with you there, Judge. I don't think all the blood is on her hands. I think it's a terrible, terrible -- I understand your passion. I'm as passionate as you are. I believe I have to share your passion about this issue. I thought that my family's in the funeral home business. And when you are grieving a loved one you really want and welcome any and everyone to come. But families have every right to say they don't want someone at a funeral.I do hope that not only that the governor but that even the speaker of the general assembly and other leaders there in Albany, I hope this is a catalyst. It should be. We've talked about so many murders, we've talked about so many heinous crimes that should be catalyst for government to act differently. There's no doubt this does rest in Albany. And that I agree with you 100 percent on Judge.And if we want these laws to change, they have to change in state capitals. Most states that's where it happens.PIRRO: So, then you're admitting it's her fault. Why isn't she making a move for that?FORD JR.: Judge, I just don't personalize it. I think it's Albany --PIRRO: You have to personalize it.FORD JR.: Can I finish?PIRRO: That's the problem.FORD JR.: What I'm saying is Albany should do this, and the governor needs to do where she -- I think she could be more adamant about it, but I would -- I just don't put the blood on her hands, I put the blood on a political system's hands that's not acting. And I think what that widow said, if you didn't here that as a politician, as a citizen, as an advocate, as someone who cares and doesn't act, something's wrong with you.PIRRO: Then you're hoping that the sensitivity, they'll feel oh, because she's feeling bad, I'm going to change the law. She said two cops were killed two years ago and nothing changed.FORD JR.: I just celebrated Easter so I believe in the power of forgiveness.PIRRO: Yes. Well, I don't forgive her.PERINO: I thought it was bizarre that -- well, unfortunate that Kathy Hochul knew she wasn't invited to the wake and she went anyway. It would be one thing to have not been told you weren't welcome and to go and then not be welcomed. But she knew she wouldn't be, but she went anyway. When -- the action that she could take if she was bold enough to do so is invite Alvin Bragg to Albany and say you're fired.And that would be bold, courageous, it might hurt her standing with AOC but look at what happened with Lee Zeldin. Because of these very issues getting very close to at least making that a competitive race in a state as blue as New York.WATTERS: Greg?GUTFELD: I wonder how many wakes are caused by the woke. I just came up with that. Look, I seem to remember it was Kathy Hochul who said if you're complaining about crime, leave New York. Didn't she say that before the election, get out? You know, so, is it any surprise at the -- at a gathering of people who champion law and order she's not going to find that many friends there. It would be like me -- it would be like, I don't, know me showing up at Jesse's birthday.Her rage and the rage of people on the right are not political because it just so happens that it's pointed at a politician. She saw -- the widow saw the problem and no one including Hochul listened. We talk about this as we've all mentioned many times for many years, and we were mocked by other networks. We don't -- we don't want to do these segments. You know, we would love to do segments on the world is safer and that here's another example of good triumphing evil and stuff, but we can't. But you can't blame us for that. That's on the left, the woke, the media, the activists who brought this hellscape upon us.You know, we're just -- we're just not living in denial and I think anybody who keeps talking about how crimes getting better are living in denial. You know, when an officer is murdered, the media will play it down and they will accuse the people who are outraged as pouncing. In fact, the New York Times did that, right? And yet that is the same side that would amplify problematic police interactions to make the public believe that police are killing thousands of Blacks, when there would be 11 cases in a year that would -- that would come up.That led to destructions of cities, decimation of the police forces and morale. And now they may -- what -- the result is what you're seeing is the Ferguson effect is now the law of the land. Protect and serve is now quit or retire. And it all goes back to that.WATTERS: All right, well said.GUTFELD: Thank you.WATTERS: You're welcome. And you're not welcome at my birthday party.FORD JR.: I'd welcome him to your party.WATTERS: OK, you're his plus one. That's fine.The climate change cults now waging war on electric vehicles.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Climate change echo anarchists are now waging war on electric cars. A crew of activists crashing the New York International Auto Show and splashing oil on an electric truck. The wacko group responsible for the protest says the push for EVS is too late and building them is as carbon intensive if not more than that of gas-powered vehicles -- cars.OK, you know, I've always said that, Greg, that -- I mean, the impact on the environment is just as bad.GUTFELD: Yes, the electric grid, the batteries. I mean, they might find out a way but it seems to me these echo terrorists or whatever are running out of villains. You know, they're going after -- but they're not -- oddly enough they're not running out of money. They still have incredibly wealthy benefactors like the Gettys that you know, basically these protesters are their indulgences for the uber rich. They fund these people to help excuse the sins that they commit against the environment. As long as they keep these guys going they can fly their planes.It's basically a symbolic absolution to allow the Gettys and the Soroses and the -- and the politicians like Gavin Newsom and Justin Trudeau, they can still live the life they choose because they care.PIRRO: All right, Dana, we should take their shoes, their glasses, their phones, everything made from fossil fuels and see how long they like it.PERINO: And also how they got there. I would love to see them get there by horse and buggy. That would be pretty amazing. It does also show you that the left that Biden is trying to appease especially on the green -- with the greens or with the pro-Hamas folks, you're never going to satisfy them. You can take all of these federal dollars and offer subsidies to all these people that -- you want to make them buy electric vehicle that they don't even want, that they'll take everyone's money and give you $500 credit or a $5,000 credit to go buy an E.V. when at the same time, I mean, even a stop clock is right twice a day. And they're not wrong that these EVS are bad for the environment.You forgot, Greg, to bring up the children. How about the children who have to mine these things?GUTFELD: One pro-children -- pro-children miners.PERINO: Don't forget the children.PIRRO: Yes, that's right.GUTFELD: Miners should be minors.PIRRO: One -- very good.GUTFELD: Thank you.PIRRO: All right, one study found that brakes and tires on EVs release, Harald, 1850 times more particle pollution compared to modern tailpipes.FORD JR.: Look, there's got to be some reconciling here with some of this. And I don't disagree with that. But the problem that bothers me, the thing that bothers me the most about this is that there's no decency anymore in any of this. We -- people do these kinds of things at funerals, at church service, Easter church service at St. Pats had to deal with this. We run these videos of people block the roads and the highways. People trying to get to work, get medical care, get home.I think people -- I love activism and I love people protesting their thoughts and their views, but it has -- it reaches some limits. And it's just in unacceptable when you do this. This here is the lease of it. When you're blocking roads, you don't allow people to get home in hospitals, something is wrong.PIRRO: Jesse, would you like to wrap this up for us?WATTERS: Permission to make an analogy.PIRRO: Yes of course.WATTERS: This reminds me of when I tried to book Clooney. Is George available Saturday? Oh, no not this Saturday. Well, what about next Saturday? Oh, no. Next month, is there any time? Maybe next year we could send a van -- the answer was always no. There was nothing that we could do to make this man agree.It's the same thing with these people. You're going to start getting down to hang gliders. Well, what about hang gliders? What about -- what about walking? Is walking OK? Nope. No walking. That's where we are.PIRRO: All right, thank you.GUTFELD: Do you want me to call him?WATTERS: You call them.GUTFELD: I'll call them.PIRRO: All right, it's road rage NASCAR style next on THE FIVE.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back! Rev your engines for some road rage, NASCAR style that is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Take a moment to really express his frustration here. First he's going to finish tearing the rear bumper cover off his car, and then wait for Dawson Cram. And his timing and throw was pretty impeccable here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, he did a good job at this right here. Boom, right in the windshield.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Shocking video shows NASCAR driver ripping off the bumper of his wreck car and chucking it at another racer who he claims ram him into to the wall that got him out the race there. Apparently, there's some history between the two.Judge, that time you and I were riding together, you got mad at -- you had me jump out the car and do that. I was reminded of that when I saw that video.PIRRO: Yes. Well, you know, that looks like any day on I-95 in the northeast. But look, the amazing thing is that the blue car says race against crime and he takes a bumper off and commits a crime against the other car. But as someone who grew up at NASCAR at Watkins Glen, I got to tell you, that's part of the fun.FORD JR.: Jesse?WATTERS: I'm not going to say anything about this because it's like a police brutality video. You don't know what happened before this. So, we don't know. And I'm just going to reserve judgment, Harold.GUTFELD: Interesting.FORD JR.: D.P., does this happened a lot out in the Midwest?PERINO: Well, in the previous block, you talked about defining decency down. This is what's happening here. I'm just shocked to see what's happening at NASCAR. It's absolutely outrageous.GUTFELD: I think we're defining deviancy up. You know what? I think to our earlier block, this is where the climate protesters have to protest.PIRRO: Yes, good point.GUTFELD: Block these roads. I would have so much respect for you if you block these roads. Come on.WATTERS: Come on. Say you care.GUTFELD: Yes.FORD JR.: Only Exclamation Point. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg.GUTFELD: Tonight, we got a great show 10:00 p.m. Jim Norton, Morgan Orgatus, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus. That's 10:00 p.m. Hey, let's do this. OK, Greg.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Animals are great! Animals are great! Animals are great!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I haven't done this in a while. You know what I love? I love really small things and really slow things, like a pygmy slow loris. Now, that was when he was born. We showed you him a while ago, now he's growing some hair, becoming all grownup pygmy slow loris. These are so adorable but their hands are very sticky, much like Jeffrey Toobin. And they are -- but they're very timid but they're very strong. Look at that. In honor of National Short Day.PERINO: Yes, December 22.FORD JR.: One of the great zoos in America, Memphis Zoo.PERINO: Let it be proclaimed.GUTFELD: Memphis Zoo, yes.PERINO: Let it be proclaimed. Jesse?WATTERS: Happy birthday to Jesse Jr. He's 3 years old today on April Fools because he's such a kidder. And he loves Lightning McQueen. He's got this cake right there. Lightning, he says.PIRRO: Great cake.WATTERS: Lightning McQueen.PERINO: Great!WATTERS: Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Lee Greenwood, John Walsh, and Lou Ferrigno who we believe played the Hulk at some point.GUTFELD: We believe.PERINO: Oh, we believe.GUTFELD: Incredible.PIRRO: He did.PERINO: So, a little Percy update. He -- every day he goes to the park, he can find a ball no matter what. He finds a ball, always getting these balls and no matter what. We don't take them for him, he just finds them there. And then today, look where he was. Look at this picture.WATTERS: Oh.PERINO: Look. What's Peter supposed to do?WATTERS: What?PERINO: His dog is up there.FORD JR.: He got up there?PIRRO: He should have circled at least.FORD JR.: How did he get up there?PERINO: April Fools! Perino On Politics tonight with Michael Meehan. Judge?PIRRO: OK, you know what they say revenge is in dish best served barbecued. Check out this sign. It's going viral in front of a new restaurant that's opening in Australia. It reads, hey, Sophia, you broke up with me because I was poor now I have money to open a Korean barbecue. Are you regretting it now?WATTERS: Take that, Sophia.PIRRO: How do you like me now?PERINO: I'd imagine she's not regretting it now.GUTFELD: What if she had died like 20 years ago?PERINO: Harold, do we owe you one or what?FORD JR.: Go Blue! Michigan beat Michigan State in hockey to go to the Frozen Four for the first time. Go Blue!PERINO: Wow, we're in hockey because basketball didn't go so well.All right, that's it for us. Have a great night! Hey, Bret!