SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS HOST: And I was just five minutes late this time, and I just missed it.TYRUS, FOX NEWS HOST: That's not being sharp.SMITH: And I would only learn later that was the night he would propose.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Oh, because he says that's not what you told him. But that's --SMITH: All right. That does it for us. Thank you. This is very therapeutic. That's it for us. Have a great night, everybody.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Hey, Sandra. I'm still trying to imagine Jesse with a Jheri curl. That's (INAUDIBLE). Yes.HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS POLITICAL HOST: You got the (INAUDIBLE).BAIER: All right. Have a good weekend, guys.FORD: -- photos.SMITH: Bye, Bret.BAIER: Good evening. Welcome to SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Bret Baier.Anti-Israel protests go on at Columbia University, one day after more than 100 were arrested there. We'll bring you there.Silence from the White House following Israel's overnight strike against Iran. Go to the region and the White House for that.And "WHATEVER HAPPENED TO", the investigation into the 2021 pipe bombs at the Democratic and Republican headquarters.But first, "BREAKING TONIGHT", a chaotic time on Capitol Hill, lawmakers facing deadlines for key legislation and the Republican House Speaker needs help from rival Democrats to try to keep the process on track and his job intact.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram, starts us off tonight on Capitol Hill. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, the House passed a test vote to tee up the aid package for a vote tomorrow, but it was also a test for House Speaker Mike Johnson. Democrats may be willing to help the speaker keep his job.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The resolution is adopted.PERGRAM (voice-over): In a scene not witnessed since 1964 on civil rights, the minority party helped the majority put a bill on the floor. 165 Democrats voted yes to only 151 Republicans.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): We could let them simply crash and burn.PERGRAM (voice-over): Johnson faced a revolt from Republicans after he resisted calls to include border security in the measure.REP. THOMAS MASSIE (R-KY): I'm concerned that the Speaker's cut a deal with the Democrats to fund foreign wars rather than to secure our border.PERGRAM (voice-over): Democrats backing up the Republican Speaker.REP. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (D-FL): We have to make sure that the chaos caucus cannot -- which is the Republican Party, cannot continue to stand in the way of absolutely vital Ukraine military assistance.PERGRAM (voice-over): Some conservatives have had it with Johnson. Eli Crane of Arizona is one of eight Republicans who voted to oust former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy last fall.REP. ELI CRANE (R-AZ): It's tough to defend him right now. I definitely sense that there is a souring, you know, to Republican leadership.PERGRAM (voice-over): Marjorie Taylor Greene did not trigger her plan to bounce Johnson from his job.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): I'm not answering questions on that right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why is that, Congresswoman? Can you describe your level of frustration?PERGRAM: (voice-over): But at least three Republicans now favor removing him. Greene, Massie, and Paul Gosar of Arizona. Some Republicans are exhausted by the drama over who is in charge.REP. DERRICK VAN ORDEN (R-WI): This is not supposed to be reality television. We came here to govern.PERGRAM (voice-over): Johnson is unfazed.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): I'm going to do my job. I'm not deterred by threats, and we're going to do the right thing, and let chips fall where they may.PERGRAM (voice-over): There is buyer's remorse from some Republicans who elected Johnson last year.REP. BOB GOOD (R-VA): I tried to select the speaker, there was multiple candidates. We ended up selecting a candidate who has failed us.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The House aims to pass the aid bill tomorrow, and it's unclear if Greene will try to strip Johnson of his gavel. Bret?BAIER: Chad, when will we know that? Will it be this weekend? Will it be after that?PERGRAM: Potentially, maybe after the votes tomorrow on the aid package.BAIER: OK. Chad, thank you.Opening statements are now scheduled for Monday and the historic criminal trial for former President Donald Trump.The remaining juror alternative positions were filled today and sworn in.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the courthouse in New York tonight. Good evening, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.All 12 jurors and six alternates are seated in former President Donald Trump's Manhattan criminal trial. Some contentious moments at the end of core today, Judge Juan Merchan told Trump's legal team that they can't delay this trial by continuing to challenge each of his decisions.You mentioned opening statements will happen on Monday. And that's something that former President Trump expressed frustration with while leaving core tonight. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The trial starts on Monday, which is long before a lot of people but the judge wants to go as fast as possible. For his reasons, not for my reasons.This is a giant witch-hunt to try and hurt a campaign that's beating the worst president in history.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Bret, also at the end of court today, President Trump's stood to leave perhaps a bit early. And Judge Merchan sternly told him to sit down. The former president later expressed frustration with the judge, as well as the court's gag order.There will be a hearing on Tuesday about potential sanctions for possible gag order violations. Today, the court selected, as you mentioned, five additional alternate jurors to round out the jury -- four women and one man. All 12 jurors and six alternates are now sworn in ready for opening statements on Monday.And a disturbing moment outside the courthouse this afternoon, Bret, a man lit himself on fire. He's in critical condition at Cornell Burn Center tonight. Police say he came to New York from Florida within the past week and posted conspiracy theories online.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TARIK SHEPPARD, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC INFORMATION: We do not believe he is -- this was targeting any particular person or any particular group. We just -- right now, label it as a sort of a conspiracy theorists.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Judge Merchan promised a ruling before opening statements on Monday morning about what prosecutors can bring up if former President Trump testifies, something that he has indicated he plans on doing. Bret?BAIER: Nate Foy, outside the courthouse. Nate, thanks.President Biden has not said anything publicly today about Israel's overnight retaliatory strikes against Iran, following last weekend's assault from the Islamic Republic on Israel. The Biden team is also being circumspect.White House correspondent Peter Doocy has the latest tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Officials here have a new strategy for addressing Israel's offensive war plans. Say less.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We do not have any comment on the reports at this time.DOOCY (voice-over): More than half a day after Israel's strikes against Iran, the White House had nothing.JEAN-PIERRE: I'm just going to be really mindful. Look, I'm going to, again, be super mindful. I just want to be mindful here.DOOCY (voice-over): Monday, officials wanted to wait and see.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If Israel retaliates against Iran, will the U.S. support them?REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: To answer bluntly, I'm not going to get into hypotheticals.DOOCY (voice-over): It's no longer hypothetical, but still, no comment.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The official line that we're not going to talk about this. That is the line. That is the choice.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think that this reflects the tension in the U.S. relationship with Israel.DOOCY (voice-over): White House officials are also now defending President Biden's claim about his Uncle Bosie who died in World War II.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He got shut down in New Guinea. And they never found the body, because it used to be -- there a lot of cannibals, for real, in that part of New Guinea.DOOCY (voice-over): There is no official record backing up that claim.DOOCY: 2nd Lt. Ambrose J. Finnegan was a war hero. But Pentagon says for unknown reasons the plane was forced to ditch in the ocean, both engines failed at low altitude.Why is President Biden saying, he was shot down? There is no evidence of that. And why is he saying that, his uncle was eaten by cannibals? That is a bad way to go.JEAN-PIERRE: He lost his life. It's not -- look, I'm -- we should not make jokes about this.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): President Biden has told that story about his uncle twice in a week now, and we are no closer to learning where exactly he is getting any of that from because he did not stop to talk to us on his way to Marine One, for a weekend away in Wilmington. Bret.BAIER: OK. Peter Doocy, live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.There is a sense tonight that the fighting between Israel and Iran may be over for now. Last night strikes against Iran by Israel are being characterized as strategic and limited.Correspondent Trey Yingst is in Tel Aviv tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Iranian protesters take to the streets of Tehran on Friday morning. Many, holding signs that say down with Israel.BRIG. GEN. KIOUMARS HEYDARI, COMMANDER, IRANIAN ARMY GROUND FORCES (through translator): The Zionist regime should know that if it makes a mistake, this time it will be punished harder and more severely.YINGST (voice-over): The demonstrations erupted hours after an Israeli strike targeted Iran's Isfahan Province, home to the Natanz' nuclear facility, a plant used to enrich uranium. The apparent retaliation to an Iranian attack against Israel over the weekend was meant to send a message to Iran that Israel can reach out and touch close to nuclear facilities.A well-placed military source told Fox News reports indicate an airbase was hit with Israeli missiles, as Iranian military leadership claimed without evidence that explosions heard in the area were caused by successful air defense interceptions.GEN. JACK KEANE (RET.), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: I think the Iranians will likely call it a day. No cruise missile attack, no ballistic missile attack. And, you know, they wanted to call it a day obviously after the last attack on Saturday night, but that Israelis weren't going to put up with that.I'm hopeful that that's where we are.YINGST: American and Israeli officials had very limited reaction to the strikes overnight. But Secretary of State Antony Blinken reiterated that the United States stands behind its key Middle East partner.ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: We're also committed to de-escalating, to trying, and to bring this tension to a -- to a close.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): The event allowed Iran to claim victory and Israel to send a message to the regime in Tehran, effectively, de-escalating the situation for now. Bret.BAIER: Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv. Trey, thank you.Up next, more voices from the left are urging RFK Jr. to drop his presidential campaign. Plus, the latest on the anti-Israel protests at Columbia University.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Ukraine says it shut down a Russian strategic bomber as Moscow officials denied those claims.The Kremlin says the plane suffered a malfunction and crashed into a deserted part of Southern Russia. Kremlin forces conducted aerial attacks overnight, killing at least eight people, injuring 28 in central Ukraine.Voters in India begin heading to the polling locations as the first phase of the world's largest election begins.Prime Minister Narendra Modi is seeking a third term of five-year term. Nearly 970 million voters or almost 10 percent of the world's population are expected to participate in the six-week election. The votes will be counted June 4th.And this is a live look at London, one of the big stories there tonight. Olympic organizers at an artificial intelligence launch event in London unveil a strategy to use A.I. in sports.Officials said the technology could be used to help identify athletes' personalized training methods and improve judging. The committee is also planning to use A.I. powered cameras to flag potential security risks.Just some of the other stories, BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: New filings indicate Missouri Democratic Congresswoman Cori Bush paid her husband another $15,000 from her candidate committee this year. That happened despite an ongoing Justice Department probe into her campaign spending.The congresswoman has paid her spouse $135,000 for security services since January of 2022. Her campaign office is not commenting.Weaknesses in chip stocks led to mixed results on Wall Street today, the Dow gained 211, the S&P 500 was down 44, The NASDAQ was off 319. For the week, the Dow was up a fraction, the S&P 500 dropped three percentage points. The NASDAQ fell 5-1/2.The Biden administration is taking steps to limit oil and gas drilling and mining in Alaska. The new regulation blocks development on 40 percent of Alaska's National Petroleum preserve to protect habitats for polar bears, caribou, and other wildlife. State officials say the restrictions will cost jobs and make the U.S. more reliant on foreign resources.President Biden's campaign is trying to gain points focusing on former President Donald Trump's mental fitness. This comes as his team fights back against public doubts about President Biden's cognitive abilities. There is also increasing concern by Democrats about the third party challenge from Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and disagreement among Republicans about early voting. All of that, Correspondent Bryan Llenas shows us tonight from Philadelphia.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): The Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee launching a new election integrity program they call monumental, committing to deploy over 100,000 volunteers and "aggressive attorneys across every battleground state" in an effort they say to ensure transparency and fairness in the 2024 elections.In a memo last month, the RNC said that encouraging voters to early vote and vote by mail our top priorities in an effort to turn out record numbers of voters.But former President Trump himself just last week in Pennsylvania, attacked mail-in voting, the only way to vote early in the nation's largest battleground state.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Remember we won Pennsylvania, we were up like by hundreds of thousands of votes was set and then all of a sudden bwa, and we all know what happened.LLENAS (voice-over): Trump won Pennsylvania in 2016. But he lost to President Biden in 2020 by just 81,000 votes. Now, GOP groups like the Win Again PAC are trying to convince Republicans to vote by mail.ARNAULD ARMSTRONG, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, WIN AGAIN PAC: We're getting out voted in what is essentially the early vote by margins of three to one, sometimes more.LLENAS (voice-over): Pennsylvania is one of six battleground states where this new ad will run in newspapers from environmentalists urging Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to end his independent presidential campaign.It reads Earth to RFK Jr. honor our planet, drop out. The ad claims Kennedy will spoil the election for President Biden and lead to a Trump victory.The Biden campaign this week paid for a statewide ad in Pennsylvania touting Biden's mental sharpness.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I love to tell the story about meeting President Biden because when you meet him, this guy is as sharp as a knife.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): A new Fox polling shows 55 percent of Pennsylvania voters think President Biden does not have the mental soundness to serve effectively, Bret.BAIER: Bryan, thank you. New anti-Israel protests erupted today at New York's Columbia University. It comes one day after more than 100 people were arrested there during demonstrations.Correspondent CB Cotton joins us again from campus lawn where students no longer have tents but still are prepared to stay through the night. Good evening, CB.CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. That's right, students have declared this area a liberated zone here at Columbia University. There are blankets, sleeping bags and a rotation of food is being brought to the area.These students are calling on the university to cut ties with Israeli universities and divest from companies with ties to Israel.Separate protests are happening in support of the students just off campus where a group of Jewish students encountered this message.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Never forget 7th of October.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That will happen a number of times. Not one more time, not five more times, not 10 more times, not 100 more times, not 1,000 more times, not 10,000 more times.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The 7th of October is going to be every day for you.COTTON (voice-over): A university spokesperson tells us even though the encampment has been dismantled. There have been protests on campus since the start of the Israel-Hamas war and the university expect seem to continue and its rules pertaining to protests will be enforced.One of them is that demonstrations must end at 6:00 p.m. But as you can see, there are no signs protesters are leaving here anytime soon.A Jewish student tells us she thinks the hateful rhetoric will continue.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I feel like I'm not wanted here, you know? They kind of just feels like everyone who isn't exactly like me, hates me, and doesn't really care what I've had to say.I've tried to converse with a lot of these people and like, their response was I don't converse with Zionists.(END VIDEOTAPE)COTTON (on camera): Tonight, signs of similar protests are popping up at universities across the country, Bret.BAIER: CB, thank you.Up next, the news is not good when it comes to Army recruitment and one of the government's own programs seems to be contributing to the problem.And later, on Whatever Happened To report. Remember that search for the person who allegedly planted pipe bombs outside of the DNC and RNC offices in 2021? We have an update.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The FBI has raided the Dolton, Illinois Village Hall amid an investigation into corruption involving the town's mayor. Agents serve subpoenas this afternoon requesting employment records, personnel files and disciplinary reports for 15 Dolton employees.Earlier this month, residents blamed Mayor Tiffany Henyard after they were locked out of Village Hall. In March, she vetoed an effort by the village board members to investigate her spending.Maryland Governor Westmore says getting the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore rebuilt is an urgent priority. Salvage crews are working to remove thousands of tons of debris sitting atop the container ship that crashed into the bridge last month. Crews are also working to reopen the port's main channel by the end of this month.Last year, the U.S. Army fell 10,000 recruits short of its 65,000 goal. So, this year it lowered that goal by 10,000 recruits. It's also partnering with new United Football League for recruitment visibility.But there is one technological and bureaucratic hurdle that's making things even harder for military recruiters. Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin shows us from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When you put on that uniform, there's the sense of pride.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): Facing an historic shortage of recruits. The U.S. Army has launched a new campaign of be all that you can be, turning to Coach K the legendary Duke basketball coach and West Point graduate.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: MHS Genesis is replaced --GRIFFIN (voice-over): But one reason U.S. military recruiters are coming up short has nothing to do with young Americans desire to enlist, it has to do with a new electronic health record system known as Genesis, which the Pentagon began implementing over the past decade and is now fully operational.OWEN WEST, FORMER ASSISTANT DEFENSE SECRETARY: Genesis is essentially like a giant electronic magnifying glass. It scours the cloud, and it goes back to every recruit's childhood medical history.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're honored today.GRIFFIN (voice-over): Owen West, a former Marine served in the Pentagon under Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.WEST: The military services never wanted Genesis. The problem is that this has been long in the making, and there's several billion dollars behind the program.GRIFFIN (voice-over): And now Congress is asking questions.SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): If you broke your arm and you're 12 playing pee wee football, Genesis knows it. Prescribed an SSRI because you were depressed when you're 13 because your parents are getting a bad divorce, Genesis knows it.GRIFFIN (voice-over): The Defense Department continues to defend the system. "The use of MHS Genesis enables service by ensuring the best matches are made between recruits and the military. It provides the military services with a complete medical history that no longer relies solely on applicant self-disclosure."(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): Genesis was supposed to make a recruit's voluntary submission of his or her medical records more efficient. But critics say it creates months of delays during which many qualified recruits get other job offers or have second thoughts. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thanks.In tonight's "Whatever Happened To?" segment, the investigation into who placed pipe bombs near the offices of the Republican and Democratic National Committees in 2021 right around January 6th. Correspondent David Spunt tells us what we know and what we don't know tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Half-a-million dollars, that's what the FBI might pay you if you can help them identify this person, leading to the arrest and conviction. The bureau says the person, covered from head to toe, placed pipe bombs near the DNC and RNC headquarters on January 5th, 2021, the night before the Capitol riot. The mystery has yet to be solved. The FBI recently telling FOX News, over the past three years a dedicated team of FBI agents, analysts, data scientists, and law enforcement partners has worked thousands of hours conducting interviews, reviewing physical and digital evidence, and assessing tips from the public. The FBI previously told FOX News there are some clues that can help solve this case.STEVEN D'ANTUONO, FBI ASSISTANT DIRECTOR: There's one video in which they come up on their tippy-toes. So there's peculiarities there that maybe somebody that knows this individual might be able to pick out for us.SPUNT: The pipe bombs did not detonate, but authorities say the suspect walking in a residential neighborhood blocks from the U.S. Capitol had pipe bombs that could have injured or killed innocent bystanders.REP. BARRY LOUDERMILK, (R-GA) HOUSE ADMINISTRATION COMMITTEE: Although it has been more than three years, we still have many unanswered questions.SPUNT: Former FBI agent Maureen O'Connell explains why the investigation is an uphill battle.MAUREEN O'CONNELL, FORMER FBI SPECIAL AGENT: I'm not overly surprised that they haven't been able to find this person. When you look just at the video evidence that we have and the images that were captured from that film, it's very grainy, and it's something you see a lot when you're looking at surveillance footage.(END VIDEO TAPE)SPUNT (on camera): Both the RNC and DNC declined comment on this story. If you have any information, call 1-800-225-5324. You can remain anonymous, and remember that $500,000 reward. Bret?BAIER: David Spunt, thanks.Breaking tonight, we're just getting word in the past five minutes, five teenagers have been shot in Schrom Hills Park Greenbelt, Maryland, today. There were hundreds of students there apparently gathered in the afternoon for a senior skip day and a water gun fight. The Greenbelt police chief is saying there were at least 500 to 600 high schoolers present when officers arrived at the park. Five teens, ages between 16 and 18, were discovered, suffered from gunshot wounds. All of the students heard the gunshots ring out, as you are looking at video there. Detectives currently believe the suspect fled the park as the large group ran off into Hanover Parkway. We will continue to monitor this. Just coming in again, five shot in Greenbelt, Maryland.Up next, the panel on the Capitol Hill chaos, former President Donald Trump's criminal trial and presidential campaign, plus the Candidate Casino, new version.First, here is what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 32 in Chicago where a man found guilty of killing a Chicago police officer is requesting a new trial. Twenty-three-year-old Emonte Morgan was found guilty in the death of Officer Ella French last month. The jury took less than four hours to reach its verdict over the August 2021 shooting death. Morgan's lawyer argues he was not given a fair trial.FOX 17 in Nashville where Christian Singer Mandisa is found dead in her home. A post of the 47-year-old Grammy winner's Facebook page says the cause of death is unknown. Mandisa was a former "American Idol" contestant. Her top hits include "Overcomer," "Stronger," and "My Deliverer."And this is a live look at Raleigh, North Carolina. One of the big stories there tonight from FOX 50, our affiliate, preparations for the NHL playoffs underway as the Carolina Hurricanes will face off against the New York Islanders tomorrow night. It is the fifth meeting for the two teams are each won two games during their regular season play. You can tell our producers like hockey.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: This is the best possible product that we can get under these circumstances to take care of these really important obligations. So we look forward to the vote tomorrow.REP. ELI CRANE, (R-AZ): He has fallen right in line with what the swamp, what the uni-party expects from its leadership.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES, (D-NY) HOUSE MINORITY LEADER: It took bipartisan cooperation, led by Speaker Johnson on the other side of the aisle, to get us to a point, finally, where America's national security interests can be considered.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It looks like those national security bills, the funding bills, are going to go forward this weekend. Still watching that on Capitol Hill. "Axios" writes this, "Johnson," Speaker Johnson, "gets another rare bailout from Democrats on foreign aid -- 165 Democrats voted with 151 Republicans to pass what's known as the rule, a procedural mechanism setting the terms of debate and votes on legislation. Republican hardliners have increasingly defected from the Republican leadership and voted to keep rules from passing this session."Let's bring in our panel, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," and Daniel Lippman of "Politico". Daniel, let me start with you. Is there a sense that Johnson had surpassed the tough part here, or that he may still lose his job in coming days?DANIEL LIPPMAN, "POLITICO": I think the sense I get from talking to people on Capitol Hill is that he has managed this really complicated conference to get multiple aid packages that they can vote on this weekend and not lose his job in the meantime. And so I think there's a lot of Republicans who say having another Kevin McCarthy scenario where we oust our own speaker is not going to be good for the party or its image.BAIER: Here are some House GOP members on the motion to vacate, that's to kick Johnson out of his job.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS, (R-NY): I do not support a motion to vacate. And as disappointed I am with the speaker and disagree with his handling of this particular issue and legislation, I do not support the motion to vacate.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- keep his job?REP. CHIP ROY, (R-TX): I'm not getting into that right now.REP. TROY NEHLS, (R-TX): Let's say you get 15 Republicans that say let's do the motion to vacate. Chuck Schumer has already called Hakeem Jeffries and said you will find 15 Democrats to neutralize that Republican effort because we kind of like who we have.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And you have got a tweet from Thomas Massie. He's one of the three, now, who has joined this, Mollie. Representative Paul Gosar from Arizona is now three with Marjorie Taylor Greene pushing for this. What's your take on all of this right now?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, EDITOR IN CHIEF, "THE FEDERALIST": Washington, D.C. is very happy with how this week has gone. You saw Democrats celebrating how Mike Johnson has handled things. And a lot of the Republican conference has as well.But Republicans have a bit of a problem here with what's happened this week, which is demoralizing their own voters. The American voter and the Republican voter in particular has a pretty simple policy goal for this Congress. They know that it's a small Republican majority. They just asked to decrease the chaos at the border and secure the U.S. border.And what happened with their leaders is that they did -- they didn't represent that interest. They are representing the D.C. interests. They are making sure that the Ukraine war is funded and that other foreign wars are funded. But the problem is that's not what the American voter wants, and that's certainly not what the Republican voter wants. And they will have an energy and turnout problem because of how little they have delivered for the American voter.BAIER: Juan?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Clearly the news of the day is the Democrats helping Johnson. And the Democrats should help Johnson. Just from their own perspective, they look like the adults in the room. We have a dysfunctional Congress that hasn't been able to get basic things done. Specifically, I think the aid to Ukraine stands out because Ukraine is in dangerous shape right, suffering, I think, some losses at Russia's hands. That should have passed a long time ago. Now we're going to see some action there.So I think that the idea, again, for the American people is that Congress needs to work. An experiment in minority-majority coalition government on Capitol Hill in the Congress is a welcome experiment at a time when, obviously, there was function.And finally, I think that on the border issue, there was something there. Johnson did listen to his supporters, especially those on the extreme right, and say OK, we're not going to buy this deal. Remember, Trump said to people don't vote for it. Otherwise, when you look at Ukraine, Israel, and even potentially TikTok, I think he has support that is in line with what most Americans want to see happen, a Congress that is taking care of America's problems.BAIER: Let's turn to the jury in New York. A.P., "Full jury of 12 people, six alternates seated in Trump's hush money trial in New York. The panel, which includes software engineers, an English teacher, and multiple lawyers took shape after the lawyers spent days quizzing dozens of potential jurors on whether they can impartially judge the presumptive Republican presidential nominee," who had his thoughts again today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: This is a rigged case, and this is a case that was put in very strongly because of politics. So instead of being in Pennsylvania or Georgia or North Carolina, or lots of other places today, I'm sitting in a courthouse all day long. This is going on for the week, and this will go on for another four or five weeks. And it's very unfair. And people know, and people know it's very unfair.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Daniel, I think people have come to the conclusion in their own head how they are looking at this even before the trial starts. Obviously, when opening statements start, it will be different. You'll hear the facts of the case as presented by both sides. Your thoughts on the politics of this?LIPPMAN: Well, I think for Trump, paying off porn stars distracts from his message of, hey, there's chaos at the border, prices are way too high. And so the fact that he has himself said he is going to be stuck in this courtroom for weeks on end makes it hard for him to sell that anti-Biden message. And so, I think that he is -- we're probably going to see damaging testimony from people like Hope Hicks, his former inner circle about how he operated in that 2016 campaign where they were trying to keep damaging stories from getting out of headlines.BAIER: Mollie?HEMINGWAY: I think people should be prepared for a conviction here. This is a leftwing prosecutor, a leftwing judge, a jury pool that is overwhelmingly leftwing. And, of course, the Democratic campaign strategy is lawfare, using trumped up charges to go after a political opponent in order to imprison or bankrupt him.But it is interesting that this has all been going on, actually, for several months with Democrat prosecutors like Alvin Bragg who says it's a crime to use personal funds instead of campaign funds on a nondisclosure agreement. Nobody actually takes that seriously. It's obvious lawfare here. But it has worked. It is a very effective strategy for Democrats. And yet, you still see these strong polling numbers for the Republican candidate, Donald Trump. And in some ways, I think, people are so upset about the lawfare that that is helping him to some extent.BAIER: He is obviously going to have to deal with these courtrooms, not just this one, others, potentially, before the election.But we're going to take a jaunt down to a place we call Candidate Casino. And this time we're going to continue this, because it's really interesting, who he is going to pick as V.P., potentially. Juan, you've got $100 in chips. You've got to play them. Who does Donald Trump pick for his number two slot?WILLIAMS: I'm going heavy with women candidates, Bret, because I noticed that Biden and RFK, even Cornel West have picked a woman. So I still have $40 on Tulsi Gabbard as a disgruntled Democrat that would help Donald Trump, $30 on Elise Stefanik. And then I go to the guys, $10 on Rubio, $10 on Scott, one more woman, $10 on Nikki Haley. I know that's a hell of a bet, but I think she would help him.BAIER: All right, Daniel?LIPPMAN: I'm putting all my chips in. I'm putting $100 on Senator J.D. Vance who Trump views as kind of the next generation of MAGA leadership. And he loves those Ivy League credentials and the fact that liberals used to like him because he wrote "Hillbilly Elegy." Now he is a huge star in the MAGA base.BAIER: We rarely see black chips here at the Casino, but that's bold. OK, Mollie, round us out.HEMINGWAY: I'm kind of the opposite here. I have money going out all over the place, because there are many strong contenders, and I don't think Donald Trump has decided yet what he wants. So J.D. Vance gets $15. So does Doug Burgum who made a really good impression during the Republican debates. Governor Sarah Sanders who works well with President Trump, and Senator Tim Scott. And then for slightly lower wagers I will put Kim Reynolds, Marco Rubio, Governor Glenn Youngkin, and I did also think Tulsi Gabbard might be a long shot here.BAIER: OK. Well, we shall see. I don't know how long it's going to take. It could take all the way to the convention. But we're going to still be playing this game.Panel, stand by if you could. The Friday Lightning Round, Israel and Iran, plus Winners and Losers, later, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I know there is a lot, a lot of interest in reports from the Middle East overnight. We do not have any comment on the reports at this time.SEN. JONI ERNST, (R-IA) SENATE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE: President Joe Biden has got to step up. He can't continue to appease Iran.GEN. JACK KEANE (RET), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: The most important question for the Israelis is what do they want to achieve here. They wanted to achieve a limited, narrow attack to de-escalate the situation.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, that's how it's being described, the attack by Israel into Iran. "Reuters" says "Tehran is playing down the reported Israeli strike, signals no retaliation. The limited scale of the attack, Iran's muted response, appear to signal a successful effort by diplomats who have been working to avert all-out war since an Iranian drone and missile attack on Israel last Saturday." If you look at the strikes, it does show that the strikes are in its Isfahan province in central Iran. A number of different strikes near the Natanz nuclear facility. But it appears like every side is trying to tamp this down in the reaction to it.We're back with the panel. Juan, thoughts?WILLIAMS: I think that's right. I think a lot of what we've been seeing in recent days, Bret, looks to be choreographed. It looks like everybody is sending signals, don't mess with us. But we're not really sending heavy fire intended to kill, to maim -- for example, just picking up on what you described to the audience, to attack a nuclear facility. They are showing they have the technological ability to do it, but they didn't do it. So let's move on.BAIER: Yes. And I guess the question is, it's still a tinderbox, Mollie, and the Middle East very tense even those we're in this not reacting phase after these attacks last night.HEMINGWAY: I keep thinking about how Jake Sullivan, the national security adviser, right before October 7th was bragging about how the Middle East was as quiet as it had ever been. And he said that was because of Joe Biden's foreign policy. And these last several months have been very difficult to watch to see what's happening to our ally Israel there. And it is not quiet. And the Biden foreign policy has been a bit of a jumbled mess. To that end, staying quiet these last 24 hours might be the best thing that we could ask for from Joe Biden.But also, it does seem that Israel has responded well to this unprecedented attack on it. And it is also showing the effectiveness of its deterrence policy by striking back, showing what its capabilities are, and keeping things from spiraling out of control.BAIER: Yes, Daniel, we still have the Iranian proxies in the region launching attacks, they have in recent days. The big question is Hezbollah, whether they step up from the north. Your thoughts on all this?LIPPMAN: Yes, the Biden administration has tried from day one to prevent an all-out regional war. And they seem to be successful. Netanyahu did kind of ignore Biden, saying take the win. And this all comes as he is facing a lot of trouble from his base over his support of Israel. And even his own wife, Jill, has said stop what's going on in Gaza.BAIER: OK, let's do Winners and Losers. Juan, first to you.WILLIAMS: Well, I think the winner of the week is Mike Johnson. He really put himself at risk, his job at risk as speaker by facing down the extremists in his party. And so far, Mike Johnson has survived. That's a big win for him.The loser of the week, I would say the Trump jurors. Anybody who got selected for that jury, which was put in place today, they are going to have their lives dissected. They're going to be the targets of Trump and his allies. They are in for a rough ride.BAIER: OK. Mollie, winner and loser?HEMINGWAY: My winner is Scottie Scheffler, the number one golfer in the world who had an amazing play this last weekend and is an all-around great guy as well.My loser, the American taxpayers. Joe Biden recently announced his plan to have wealthy people's college loans paid for by American taxpayers. We learned that three-quarter-of-a-million of these people who will have loans paid for by other Americans actually make more than $300,000 a year.BAIER: All right, Daniel, quick winner and loser?LIPPMAN: President Zelenskyy is the winner for likely getting that huge aid package that's going to pass this weekend in the House. For the loser, I would say TikTok which is also part of that aid package, likely to get banned, although the courts will probably say that's a First Amendment violation.BAIER: OK, have great weekend, guys. Thanks.LIPPMAN: Thank you.BAIER: You know that sound. It's Friday. That's time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There are 110 ballistic missiles coming from Iran aiming towards Israel.JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: It was an embarrassing failure for the supreme leader of the IRGC.BAIER: The sense of where Israeli leadership is on the strike back after this past weekend's attacks?MICHAEL HERZOG, ISRAELI AMBASSADOR TO U.S.: This cannot just pass. It cannot go unanswered. So we have to respond and we will respond.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we are all Hamas today!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're all Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If something like this happened in Arkansas, there would be a lot of very wet criminals that would have been tossed overboard.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am not resigning.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would rather send bullets to Ukraine than American boys.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, McCarthy was both incompetent and dishonest. Johnson is just incompetent.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: His service as secretary has left a scar on our nation's soul that may never be removed.ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY: With the resources and authorities that we have, it is as secure as it can be.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: Impeachment should be reserved only for high crimes and misdemeanors.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I want to thank the Republicans for bringing "The Jerry Springer Show" over to the Senate.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We are going to continue our fight against this judge.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They never found the body because it used to be, there are a lot of cannibals, for real.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If I had -- all I could think about right now is getting home.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, opening statements in former President Donald Trump's criminal trial. An effort to delay that trial has been shot down. It's going to start Monday.Please Join Shannon Bream on FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guests will be Senators Lindsey Graham and Richard Blumenthal along with Florida Congressman Jared Moskowitz.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.It's been a busy week. We'll have a busy news week next week as well. Make it a great weekend.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts in just seconds.