BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Oxygen tanks blew up forcing the astronauts to make an emergency return to earth. Houston, we have a problem. The crew managed to gently splash down on the ocean. Well, that does it for us. Tomorrow, new polls on the presidential race all across the board. You don't want to miss that. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Hey, everybody, I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Thanks, as always for being with us. Brussels socialist mayor trying to shut down a national conservatism conference for public safety reasons. All right. Nigel Farage, he was a big speaker at the event. He has a warning tonight for America. But first, trial by fire. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.No one on earth, not anyone honest with themselves anyway believes that Donald Trump is going to get a fair trial in New York. And no world leader believes that Donald Trump is going to get a fair trial either, not Macron, not Putin, not Xi. And here's the Angle rule of thumb. If liberals are writing articles trying to argue that the process is fair, well, that just means they know Trump's going to get convicted.Judge Merchan's kangaroo court is naturally being defended in The New York Times by some guy on the editorial board named Jesse Wegman. Now, just to give you a sense about this person, he used to work for The Daily Beast, NPR, and wrote a book about abolishing the Electoral College.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JESSE WEGMAN, EDITOR, THE NEW YORK TIMES: Donald Trump likes to say, oh, I'm being victimized. I've never been -- nobody has ever been treated this badly. And I think it's important for us to keep in mind and not forget, while he's saying all these things, that in fact, the system is operating as intended. He is getting exactly the guarantees that the Constitution affords to all criminal defendants. He may be acquitted. He may be convicted. But he's ending up getting all the guarantees that the Constitution offers.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, if the Constitution didn't include the First Amendment that is. Threatening to put the President in jail, if he speaks uncharitably about the process, that's fair, Jesse? Well, not to those of us who live in the real world because we know that the judge is a dyed in the wool liberal who's donated to Democrats and that his daughter is herself a Democrat activist.Now let's look at it another way. I tweeted about this earlier today. Imagine if some conservative D.A. and I don't know Mobile, Alabama had decided to indict Biden for violating some corrupt business practices statute for all the shenanigans he and Hunter were involved in China and so forth. And then the judge in the case was a GOP appointee and the judge's daughter or son was a big consultant or fundraiser for Trump.Then imagine that this judge issued a gag order prohibiting Biden from speaking out about what is an obvious conflict or at least apparent conflict of interest. Now, would the Left sit there and say, oh, gee, this is all taking place in good faith and the jury system is working just fine. Certainly, The New York Times wouldn't be writing that. No, they'd be complaining that Alabama is a deep red state that doesn't respect women's rights and that also say that Biden can't get a fair trial there.Now look at what they're saying, by the way, about Judge Aileen Cannon in Florida.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MORNING JOE HOST: I'm having a hard time defending Judge Cannon sacks and so not just because it's against Trump. But here's somebody who's already been humiliated by the 11th Circuit, like one of the most conservative circuits in America. And I just got to say, her rulings are just mind-boggling. I don't understand them.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, she's literally by the way, done nothing to have her integrity or impartiality questioned. But it doesn't matter, does it? Because the Left wants Trump in jail, and they will trash anyone, and any standard that gets in their way. By the way, this is why for almost 250 years, America didn't put its presidents on trial, because we knew it would make the country look ridiculous in the eyes of the country and the entire world.And now we're seeing it's further eroding trust in the judicial process that was already at the bottom of the barrel. Frankly, trust in the entire system we have. Our nation looks contemptible, because of this, like some kind of tin pot dictatorship. Now never forget, Bragg's indictment against Trump is farcical. Remember, he accused Trump of making payments to cover up a felony that the D.A. Bragg didn't charge him with, because he can't.This alleged campaign finance violation. That's a federal issue. And the FEC passed on the Trump case years ago. Come see the amazing Alvin. Yes, Bragg is a magician, but a bad one. He was trying to pull a rabbit out of a visor. Abracadabra, now watch and make the Constitution disappear.Now during oral arguments at the Supreme Court yesterday, Justice Neil Gorsuch spoke brilliantly about the dual standards of justice, specifically referencing how Left-wing protesters seem to always get away with it. Never been charged like the J6ers for disrupting a congressional proceeding.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JUSTICE NEIL GORSUCH, U.S. SUPREME COURT: Would a sit-in that disrupts a trial or access to a federal courthouse qualify? Would a heckler in today's audience qualify or at the State of the Union address? Would pulling a fire alarm before a vote qualify for 20 years in federal prison?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, we all know the answer, don't we? No, because Congressman Jamaal Brown (sic), who pulled that fire alarm when the House was in session was charged with a nothing burger misdemeanor by the DC attorney's office. Yes, that's justice.Now voters need to understand that the legal assault against Donald Trump in New York and Georgia and in DC, it will become a regular part of American politics unless, unless Democrats are made to suffer at the polls. Until then, if you're a conservative or some type of traditionalist, you dare to stand up for the middle class or donate to someone who is and you stand against the Washington swamp, the DC machine, the deep state, the DOJ, federal agencies, state A.G.s, and city D.A.s will ignore ethical rules. They'll contort the meaning of any law, or even make up laws to come after you. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is David Schoen, former Trump Impeachment Attorney, and Sol Wisenberg, Fox News Contributor and former Deputy Independent Counsel. Sol, could Trump still get a fair trial in New York, if this Judge Merchan is still presiding over it?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think it's going to be difficult for him to get a fair trial in New York irrespective of whether Merchan is presiding because of the overwhelming hostility to Trump, by members of the jury pool. But certainly, Merchan is making it more difficult.You know, he wasn't chosen by random selection, which I find shocking. He was picked by the Chief Administrative Law Judge there, supposedly because of his great judicial learning and temperament. But I understand that in fact, he's not that good of a judge and that he's very thin-skinned and has temperament problems. I heard that from a great lawyer I know by the name of David Schoen.INGRAHAM: Speaking of David Schoen. David, Judge Merchan allowed one of the jurors to sit in the case despite obvious political bias. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They had things on their social media posts that that Donald Trump and his lawyers found troubling, the juror, juror number one had taken a video at a distance of what looked like a celebration in the streets of New York for -- when Trump lost in 2020. That was that, and it showed that she was biased and there was some language that suggested that she might have a bias. The judge found in this case in this juror that juror could continue.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: David?DAVID SCHOEN, FORMER TRUMP IMPEACHMENT ATTORNEY: Listen, he agonized over another juror in the case, who had horrible social media posts, and finally only decided to excuse it for cause because she also wrote that Trump should be locked up. He seemed to think that was a close call, but he did strike her for cause. But people who are wondering why the jury selection is moving faster than expected, it's because he's not properly exercising challenges for cause, he's letting people in who clearly have a bias.Listen, this judge has no business being on the case. We've said it before under New York 22, New York CRR. 100.3 E1 D3, it's mandatory that he recused himself. It says a judge shall disqualify himself if he has a relative to the sixth degree who has an interest that could be substantially affecting the case. We know that the doctor has a vested interest in the case. We know the judge has an interest in making sure the case isn't dismissed.And now to make sure that Trump never leaves the courtroom that he sits there every day. We well know that the right to be present at the trial is the defendant's fundamental right under the New York Constitution, Article 1, Section 6 under the Sixth Amendment. It's the right of confrontation of the defendant, the Court of Appeals of New York has said it can be waived. It's the defendant's right. But he wants to make sure he's not out there campaigning.INGRAHAM: On the campaign trail.SCHOEN: Or speaking about things. That's it.INGRAHAM: Whatever happens, don't go out and like go to Harlem and convince a lot of people that this is a total sham and that they should vote for you because you'll stand up for the working people, can't have him do that, Sol. But right now, everyone I think and back to what I was saying in the Angle that I think everyone understands that in our country right now, it seems at least the Democrats and liberals have more rights, more leeway, more freedom than a lot of Republicans and it's going to be impossible I think Sol to persuade most Americans or even non-Americans that any Trump conviction will mean anything. So, my question, long winded as it is, how corrosive and dangerous is this?WISENBERG: Oh, I think it's very corrosive. And I think in particular, this prosecution, you know, Laura, despite the wackos that you -- that you see on MSNBC that we've seen some clips of, they're actually quite a few liberal scholars who are very -- have very much questioned this prosecution.Jed Shugarman, who is a constitutional law professor, I think at BU, has said as much on Twitter, Randall Eliason, who has written for The Washington Post, are very troubled by this prosecution. Keep in mind, supposedly, what makes this a felony is that Trump's attempt to interfere with a federal election. The DOJ, as you've said many times, not only the Department of Justice under Bill Barr declined to prosecute. There's nothing that kept Merrick Garland's Justice Department from reviving this case, it was still within the statute of limitations and Alvin Bragg's predecessor, declined to prosecute this case that Alvin Bragg originally declined to prosecute.INGRAHAM: Yes, this isn't a fair trial. It's not going to be a fair trial, because it never should have been brought in the first place. David, a question that I had and both of you know the answer to this, but I don't think our viewers do. There are two lawyers that have been seated in the jury. One is from a big corporate firm. The other is a civil litigator, I believe.Now, that could play both ways, could it not? I don't know much more about them. But to me, it would seem that Trump might want one of those on this jury, takes one, only takes one person to hang this jury.SCHOEN: Yes, I certainly have to know a lot more about the juror than we know. And that is permitted to be known from the limited voir dire, that they're doing. Generally, I would have said that's not a juror that I want it on. I also I'm not sure how especially the big firm lawyer is going to take off this kind of time from work. But the bottom line is, this Jesse Wegman, you quoted earlier, certainly has it wrong.Trump's Fifth and Sixth Amendment rights, in addition to the First Amendment right are clearly being violated in this case, he doesn't even know what he's charged, what the target felony is. And the judge proved that in his denial of the motion to dismiss when he said --INGRAHAM: Yes.SCHOEN: -- well, the government has put forward four different theories. And at least three of those are OK, how do you defend at the same time against whether he doctored the business records to commit a tax crime or for an election crime? It's absolutely absurd. The gag order is absurd, but the judge is trying to cover a full circle. And I think we as lawyers have an obligation to speak out about this for this country and around the world. You saw this week maybe Liz Truss wrote a column in The Wall Street Journal saying the deep state will arise again, unless we put a stop to it now.INGRAHAM: Yes, got to -- has to be big, big, big pain at the polls for the Democrats for trying to pull this one. David and Sol, thank you. By the way, in my Angle, when I was talking about the dude who pulled the fire alarm, the congressman, I said Jamaal Brown, obviously it's Jamaal Bowman.All right, coming up. Trump's celebrated Harlem visit has the liberal lawfare radicals going nuts. I'm going to explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD: USA, USA, USA. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. Four more years, four more years.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, to the regular folks in Harlem yesterday, the working people Donald Trump appeared to be the fighter against the corrupt judicial system. They wanted him tangled up in court all day, he decided to go hang out with the people for a few moments. But the blowhards on the other cable nets, they are totally oblivious to that and just continued their campaign of dehumanization.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The fact that this guy has to sit in a courtroom six, seven, eight hours a day.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's not good for him.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He has a legendary short attention span.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's like a caged animal. That's a dangerous situation. He's feeling very threatened. He's out of control. And so, we do expect him to lash out.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Victor Davis Hanson, Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution. Victor, I love the split screen, two presidential candidates in deep blue districts, but Biden has to go where it's all controlled. Trump goes to Harlem, a place where Republicans would traditionally not venture into. What's happening here?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Well, he's very effectively doing this split screen and he's the candidate, he's telling America, he's the candidate of normalcy, a return to the normal, the traditional, and they are the radicals and they are the people who are crazy and he's not and these split screen differences, remember he was at the rainy wake of an NYPD officer while Biden was leveraging $26 million from movie stars in campaign contributions.Then he hit it again at Chick-fil-A while Biden had at the White House, he stars with the girlfriends, glitzy dresses as if they were at the Oscars. And if he can keep doing that, it really shows you that he's redefining the Republican Party. And maybe America as a party of middle-class people. As class starts to substitute race, people are identifying more in common with their economic status than they are with their tribal affiliations.So those people you saw in Harlem were saying I have more in common with your agenda than I do with Oprah, or the people that I have more in common with the people of East Palestine than I do with the people I'm in at MSNBC. And if he's able to pull that off, he can win. But he's under enormous pressure, as you pointed out, Laura, and they're trying to break him psychologically, physically, financially, but if he can keep his cool, and keep appealing to the middle class, he can win.INGRAHAM: Victor, I think every day that they make him sit in court, he should do one of these types of events, I think he should go to New England, I think he should zip up to New Hampshire, I'd head to Massachusetts, go over to New Jersey, pop down to Pennsylvania. I think this could become what the Democrats never thought would happen. This could become Trump's real reelection strategy standing against the system that wants to break you, for the people who support and fund the system. I don't think they know what they've unleashed here with the electorate.HANSON: I don't think they understand how angry the middle class is anyway because of what Biden has done to the border and the economy. And again, if Trump can campaign in the places that you talked about, to working class whites, Mexican Americans, Latinos, blacks, and say, we're all in this together. What they're doing to me is what Joe Biden did to you. And we're going to rise up as a new Republican Party, a populist nationalist middle- class party and let the elites on MSNBC and CNN and the network news and PBS scream to high heaven. We don't -- we're going to ignore then. I think he can win.And I think it's a very successful, you're exactly right. He should be campaigning in all of these non-traditional --INGRAHAM: All 50 states.HANSON: -- Republican spots.INGRAHAM: Victor, Joy Reid taking a victory lap in how this is all being handled, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: The first person to actually criminally prosecute Donald Trump is a black Harvard grad. Donald Trump is being held to account by the very multicultural, multiracial democracy that he's trying to dismantle. There's something poetic and actually wonderful about that. Go DEI, my DEIs are bringing it home.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Victor?HANSON: Well, she can't finish the sentence, she's shown she can't finish the sentence without playing the racial victimization card. And what she doesn't realize is that blacks make up about 13 percent of the population, which is great. But according to her racial spoil system, they don't make up 75 percent of the prosecutors in America. So, when she's saying he's going to be tried by people of color, what she's saying is people of color are overrepresented in the judicial system. And according to the logic of wokeness --INGRAHAM: Payback.HANSON: -- that's not right.INGRAHAM: Yes, payback, make it -- it's time to get even. Victor, great to see you as always. Do you remember how it was a few weeks ago, even days ago that the Left was indicating that we're going to see this whole series of interest rates cuts, remember that? How they bragged about how inflation was under control.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JANET YELLEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY: Global economic performance, has in part been powered by a strong U.S. economy, U.S. GDP growth is strong, and expectations have been revised upward. Inflation has come down significantly since its peak.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, technically, but it all doesn't pan out. So, now Biden's pals at Axios are starting to push a new narrative. high interest rates are likely to be the new Biden normal. Here's an ominous quote, the recognition that the 2010s would be a period of persistently low growth did not happen overnight. Rather, it was a gradual process of discovery by bond traders and Fed policymakers alike.Now this statement is incredibly misleading because as early as 2010, the voters were electing tea party members who complained that the economy wasn't recovering properly from the end of the housing bubble, and almost every election of the 2010s, the voters complained about the economy, but the press, they wanted to help Obama and then the press wanted to help Hillary, so they would not admit that the economy was not doing as well as it should have. And now we're going through it again, if we elect Biden, reelect Biden, we will have a lost decade.All right, coming up, anything to get reelected, Biden's copying Trump's policies or pretending to, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Apparently, having flopped spectacularly as president, Joe Biden is now trying to play the role of Trump on the China issue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: America is still working. I'll work, I'll compete as long as they have fair competition. But for too long, the Chinese government has poured state money into Chinese steel companies, pushing them to make so much steel as much as possible. They're not competing, they're cheating, they're cheating.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But this is purely performance art. The real truth is that Biden is a committed globalist who spending an open border has devastated working people and only enriched China.Now, his Treasury Secretary, Janet Yellen, traveled to Beijing recently and threw out a few perfunctory lines warning China to behave. But the big picture is that despite China's COVID cover up, the spy balloon, its aggression against Taiwan, the entire Biden administration is working overtime to try to smooth things over with them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I underscored again that the United States does not seek to decouple from China. Our two economies are deeply integrated and a wholesale separation would be disastrous for both of our economies.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Please love us, President Xi. And a new congressional report just out is revealing that under Biden, the Chinese have directly subsidized the manufacturing and export of illicit fentanyl materials. Yeah, no kidding.But wait a second. Wait a second. I thought Biden was going to get China to stop all that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: As a result of our recent diplomacy, China has already taken steps to shut down companies dealing in illicit trade of precursor chemicals. We're not just going to trust what just has happened. We have to verify it. And that's going to save lives.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Fentanyl is a leading cause of death for Americans ages 18 to 45. But surely our new populist president from Scranton, no less, succeeded in pulling the manufacturer of critical pharmaceuticals back from China, didn't he?Well, actually, China's still in the driver's seat in our prescription drug manufacturing as well. Joining me now, Gordon Chang, senior fellow at Gatestone, author of China's Going to War.Gordon, is it feasible or reasonable to conclude that China might have been given a heads up by Yellen or one of the top people here on that 15 percent steel tariff? And does this look like anything but, you know, an election year stunt at this point?GORDON CHANG, GATESTONE INSTITUTE SENIOR FELLOW: Oh, it's certainly an election year stunt. You know, Biden has been president since January 20 -- you know, 2021. And he has not done anything about tariffs until now, when he realizes he's in trouble in Michigan, and he knows that the labor rank and file is voting for Trump, so he decides to do something.Got to remember the contrast. As soon as Trump became president in 2017, he started the process to impose tariffs under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, which he started to do in early 2018, as fast as possible.And I think that labor understands that there is only one guy in this election who really believes in tariffs, who really believes in protecting the American worker, who believes that American factories should have a fair shake. And by the way, that guy's name is not Biden.INGRAHAM: Well, one thing we know is contrary to China's protestations to the contrary, they have been taking us to the cleaners for decades. And this has been cheered on by the people who sucked up to Xi at that big corporate CEO trip to China earlier this month.So, all of these big Fortune 500 CEOs went to China, big meeting with Xi, and many of them are also Biden donors. So, it is no wonder that Biden's getting all this billionaire money, Gordon, which is fueling the campaign. Again, contrary to the fake populist Biden message.CHANG: Oh, clearly. And we can see where the globalists are going. And we can also see the trend of Chinese propaganda in 2020. They supported Biden over Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary. They supported Biden over Trump in the general. The same thing is happening now, Laura. So, it's very clear where China is going to vote.INGRAHAM: Yeah. And TikTok. Of course, we forgot. Biden's campaigning on TikTok, China's, you know, favorite social media platform. Gordon, always good to see you.I'm also seeing a flood of Chinese nationals crossing our border. This is extremely disturbing. So far, this fiscal year, Border Patrol has apprehended more Chinese illegals than they did in all of fiscal year 2023. Sure, there's nothing to that. And there's still six months more to go.Now the vast majority of them, 85 percent of them, are single adults and most of them are men. Joining me now, Missouri Senator Eric Schmitt. Senator, that's only a 7,000 percent increase from 2021. What's up here?SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): Well, that's what I was going to say, Laura. It's a 7,000 percent increase. I mean, this is insane, but it's the consequence of having an open border, right? They've wanted this. We're getting exactly what they desired, which is you have no enforcement. You've got Chinese nationals now being caught at military installations, potentially spying on our military.And it's part and parcel of what happens when you have a completely wide open border. And, you know, the Democrats don't want to hold them accountable. We had an impeachment, you know, proceeding today in the Senate that wasn't a trial. For the first time in Senate history, Laura, we didn't have a trial. Mayorkas was impeached. We didn't have a trial bulldozing our constitutional order.So, they're not interested in it. They're open borders. They're playing for the census play in 2030. They want to get as many people here illegally as they can to affect reapportionment. And it's a total disaster.And now, of course, you know, we've got 7,000 percent increase of Chinese nationals crossing the border.INGRAHAM: Well, I've got to say, it would have been nice if McConnell had dismissed the ridiculous impeachment of Trump that when that arrived in the Senate. But we don't -- well, they play for keeps. You know, we play to be liked.But Senator, speaking of Mayorkas, he addressed this issue of what they're doing with this, obviously, China sanctioned influx of illegals into the country. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: For the first time, I had an engagement with my counterpart from the People's Republic of China to ensure that China would begin to accept removal flights, so that we can deliver a consequence regime for individuals from the People's Republic of China who do not have a legal basis.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, there has been one deportation flight to China, one. Tens of thousands of them are in the United States. Most of them adult males.SCHMITT: Yes.INGRAHAM: So, my question is, what are they doing here? And isn't it the case that no Chinese national who lives in China is going to be making their way to the United States without China's knowledge, the CCP's knowledge?SCHMITT: Yeah. It's not like leaving, you know, St. Louis to head to Washington, D.C. It's very difficult to get out of the People's Republic of China, a brutal, dictatorial communist regime.So, they're coming here and we don't send them back. And that's exactly what we should be doing, but that's not in the DNA of this administration.We shouldn't trust Mayorkas. We certainly shouldn't trust communist China on any kind of negotiation on this at all, because it's not going to happen. That's not what they do.They're going to give these folks a court date sometime in the 2030's and hope they show up like the other 9 million people here illegally.INGRAHAM: I don't think they hope they show up. I don't think they care if they show up. I mean, it's just like come, welcome, work for cheap, and then they'll welcome hundreds of thousands and millions more.But moving to the TikTok question, according to Politico, senator, Chinese diplomats are in D.C. meeting with Hill staffers about the legislation that would force the sale of the app.But now, is it true that they don't have to register as foreign agents, the lobbyists for TikTok? Why is that?SCHMITT: Yeah, that ought to happen and we ought to make sure that TikTok is sold. There's no reason why, again, a communist regime should have the access to the information, keystroke information. They're spying on people's location. They can hear what you're saying. They know what you're doing on other apps. This is China.And so, this makes all the sense in the world. We need to move forward on that legislation. But again, I think the Democrats are blocking this. And you know, it's a terrible situation, Laura, because TikTok -- it's like having literally a hundred million censors. We would never allow any enemy of this country to have that kind of information on a hundred million devices in this country. And that's exactly what TikTok is.INGRAHAM: Propaganda 101. They're really good at it. Senator, thank you. All right. The left's latest tactic to silence conservatives, speaking of censorship, and shut down free speech. Nigel Farage is here. He has a warning for all of you, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: You ever notice that Democrats seem to like Europe and Canada more than America? They say things like the French are so enlightened on social issues, right? They're so enlightened on climate change. But our liberals also like other countries approach to ideas that they don't like.Speech that supports traditionalism or, I don't know, Judeo-Christian moral teachings and national sovereignty. It's often branded by the elites as misinformation or hate speech, even anti-LGBTQ, or even pro-Nazi by the globalists in Europe and the socialists in Canada.We've seen Canadians who rocked the boat, get thrown in jail. We've covered those stories. And in Brussels this week, a conference on national conservatism was shut down by the local mayor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I understand the police are very, very keen to close this down. So, if they're going to close it down, then they can close it down with me on stage, can't they?UNKNOWN: The authorities have decided to shut the event. (INAUDIBLE) So, I have the papers here, and we have to enforce the decision.UNKNOWN: Me, the police commissioner gave you knowledge of it. And that you have received it. It doesn't say I agree with it or don't agree with it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes. Mayor Emir Kir thought the ideas of Nigel Farage, Viktor Orban and others were too dangerous to be heard.Joining us now, the founder of the Brexit movement, the aforementioned, Nigel Farage. Nigel, now, I understand the high court in Brussels suspended the mayor's order. But what should Americans take away from all that's happened? Look what's happened to Trump here, the gag order on him, and all the other developments in the last few years.NIGEL FARAGE, FORMER U.K. BREXIT PARTY LEADER: Yes. And I mean, look at what's happening in every American university, as is happening here, where ideas that are perfectly reasonable, legitimate ideas are branded as somehow being extreme, mad and dangerous.Now, what happened in Brussels yesterday was extraordinary. You saw that clip of me on the stage. The police came into the room to close the whole thing down. And Viktor Orban, the prime minister of Hungary, spoke this morning and he said that in the late 1980's, when the Soviets were in control of Hungary, his political party repeatedly attempted to have meetings only to find the venues closing them out.And so, what we're seeing is a new form of communism, where unless you agree with the globalist view that ever closer political union, ever more support for globalist structures like the World Health Organization, the European Union, the U.N., we disagree with these things, you are mad, you are bad, you are dangerous, and you must be shut down.Well, we fought back yesterday in no uncertain terms. I refuse to leave the venue. I said to the police, you want to take me out? You'll have to drag me out. And they withdrew. We did win the court order overnight. So, this has turned into a big victory for free speech.But you know something? Whenever we talk about cancel culture, the left always say it doesn't exist. Well, here's -- this event yesterday has now gone global. We can see that it does happen. And that it is a very pernicious form of censorship.INGRAHAM: Yeah, Nigel, it reminds me of what happened during Covid, where people were being dragged out of trains who didn't have the masks on, or doctors being -- losing their jobs or their privileges because of something they said about the vaccine or shots.And now Emir Kir, the mayor who did attempt to stop this conference, sent the police there, said that being a mayor means being a guarantor of public safety. My order banning this demonstration was based on an analysis. My lack of sympathy for those who preach hatred is assumed, but it is the maintenance of public order which motivated the ban.Nigel, protects so much?FARAGE: Let me tell you, in that room yesterday were members of European royal families, academics, successful businessmen and women, elected conservatives, leaders of political parties who were going to top their nation's polls in the European elections this year. This was the most respectable bunch of people you could ever imagine.Their sin was not to support the project of European Union. And it's unusual to say this, but The New York Times had the best headline of a lot. They said a conference that wanted to talk about cancel culture got cancelled.So, I think, actually, this time the left have shot themselves in the foot in the most extraordinary way. But don't think because we've had this win that this goes away. It doesn't. It doesn't. The liberals are now so full, Laura, of their own moral superiority, they believe they're better people than us and that we have to be cancelled.INGRAHAM: Well, they're not going to stop. I think they're worried and they don't want to debate because they know they're actually destroying much of the prosperity and freedom that we all love. Nigel, keep at it. Thank you so much for joining us.All right. A war breaks out at NPR. And is Travis Kelsey smarter than a fifth grader? Raymond Arroyo here next with Scene and Unseen.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for a Scene and Unseen segment where we expose the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. Ray, we reported on that NPR editor, Uri Berliner, last week in that essay, charged that NPR had basically just totally left wing after Trump's election, failed to fully report on Russia-gate, the Hunter Biden laptop issue, etc.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. Well, and for his honesty, Laura, he was suspended for five days. And the new NPR chief who suspended him said his comments were disrespectful, hurtful and demeaning, particularly Berliner's comments that NPR was more focused on diversity than quality journalism.Remember, NPR is government funded. And this is the new CEO, Katherine Maher, in action.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Perhaps for our most tricky disagreements, seeking the truth and seeking to convince others of the truth might not be the right place to start. I'm certain that the truth exists for you, and probably for the person sitting next to you. But this may not be the same truth.The number one challenge here that we see is, of course, the First Amendment in the United States is a fairly robust protection of rights.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Totally.ARROYO: Laura, as a result of wonderful comments like that, and Maher, the CEO, justifying looting in the name of racial justice. Now, Uri Berliner, the whistleblowing editor, has resigned. He wrote today, I cannot work in a newsroom where I'm disparaged by the new CEO whose divisive views confirm the very problems at NPR I cite in my free press essay.I mean, this is last thing they should have done. Laura, it bespeaks the lack of what he called the absence of viewpoint diversity in that newsroom. And a woman like this where truth, I guess, is just fungible.INGRAHAM: Well, first of all, Republicans should have pulled the government out of any involvement in NPR. No government support. None of it. Get rid of it. I mean, again, we've had Republican control of both the House and the Senate at times in the last 25 years. And this is no secret that this has been the case for a long time.ARROYO: Or at least reform it, Laura. If you're not going to defund it, reform it. Bring in the import different viewpoints. But, you know, the truth doesn't change according to your ability to stomach it, as Flannery O'Connor once said.Laura, speaking of truth, while former President Trump held that impromptu rally you showed out in Harlem outside that bodega, President Biden headed to Scranton, and today to Pittsburgh, to tout his every man intimate side with a touch of cognitive decline.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: My mom didn't live in Scranton since she was 1954. Wall Street didn't build America. Middle class didn't build America. I'm Pittsburgh. And because of -- and I really mean it.Let's have a Trump sign in the middle that says, F. Biden, and have a little kid standing with his middle finger, seven years old, eight years old.You know they have shower, toilet in the sink. And I got a towel on me and shaving cream. And I hear bam, bam, bam at my door.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: OK, OK, let's just stop there. Now, I don't mean to deprive you of these charming tales, but I imagined he continued to share them with these poor children when he visited his home, Laura, his childhood home.Now, if you're battling the perception of senility, why are you playing ring around the Rosie with the children around your home? It looks like a rest home production of the Pied Piper of Scranton. I mean, what is he doing here? And he took no questions, no questions at all.INGRAHAM: Well, the kids would, you know, are you smarter than a fifth grader? This is, are you smarter than a second grader? And the answer is no, you're not. Toddler.All right, Raymond, he also related a story about his uncle, Bozie Finnegan?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: He got shot down in New Guinea, and they never found the body because it used to be -- there are a lot of cannibals for real in that part of New Guinea.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. Now, Laura, there's only one problem. None of this likely happened. OK, we pulled the POW MIA accounting agency report. The plane went down, but it's because the engines failed, not because it was shot down. And there is no mention, none of cannibals being in the area. So, again, Joe Biden's mind and the fungibility of it, it's a mess.And finally, some entertainment news, depending on what you call entertainment. Super Bowl champ and Taylor Swift's plus one, Travis Kelsey, has landed a new TV gig. He's hosting a spinoff of the game you just mentioned, Laura. Are you smarter than a fifth grader? It's called, Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity?Well, this is Travis Kelsey last week at the University of Cincinnati.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: To all my fellow students, I got a few words of advice. You've got to fight for your life to party.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Well, there you have it, Laura. There's the answer. You are smarter than a celebrity. At least that one. I'll leave it there.INGRAHAM: He's a great football player, Raymond. And apparently, I don't know. That's it. That's that -- hey, that's how you connect with the kids. All right. That's it for Kelsey.All right, Raymond, thank you. That's it for us tonight. Check -- don't forget to set your DVR. Jesse is next.