BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Tomorrow on Special Report, the Hunter Biden legal team takes a page out of former President Trump's playbook. We'll obviously cover the trial in New York as well. If you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still afraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. The great deflection. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, the globalist insisted that if the House didn't relent and push for the $60 billion for that losing war effort in Ukraine, well America would lose credibility, because Putin would march straight through to Berlin, and then China would be emboldened to move on Taiwan. Weakness is what the world would see.But now that Speaker Mike Johnson has made Zelenskyy, Raytheon, and Northrop Grumman very happy by getting that money for Ukraine. We all have our respect back as a country, right?Of course not. If you care about the way America is perceived around the world, you should be enraged that Donald Trump is on trial in New York. These are the types of election year shenanigans that happen in other countries, in third world autocracies, not in the United States. Come on. But his press minions are ecstatic. Anything to avoid covering the border, or gas prices, or food prices.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: From where I was sitting, he seems basically inert. He kind of slumped his shoulders and was kind of -- I'm a slumped shoulder person. He was kind of slumped shoulder like this, when he came in and while he was sitting there, and he was kind of leaning heavily on the desk, there were times when he leaned from one side to the other. He seems thinner than I have seen him in the past. He seems considerably older, and he seems annoyed, resigned, maybe angry. He seems like a man who's miserable to be here. I'm no body language expert, he seems old and tired and mad.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, look, if that's the new barometer, well, what's Biden's excuse? Because if Trump is mad, he has a right to be. And so do all of you. An impartial observer knows that the New York media is doing everything it can to influence the jury. On the eve of the trial, the illustrious New York slimes published a piece titled "will a mountain of evidence be enough to convict Trump?"In the official record, the case is known as the people of the state of New York versus Donald Trump. And for now, that people have the stronger hand. They have insider witnesses, a favorable jury pool and a lurid set of facts about a presidential candidate, a pay-off and a porn star.Now, every juror should have been asked, I don't think they were, maybe they were, I don't think they were, if he or she read or even skimmed or even saw that headline, read that article. And by the way, The New York Times doesn't even pretend to be objective. You have to read to the end to read the pivotal point about how they're star witness, Michael Cohen, has his own credibility issues to overcome. Of course, he's a convicted felon and an admitted liar. But at least he has non-lawyers on TV trying to lend a hand.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMIE GANGEL, CNN SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT: Sometimes you have -- you've all talked about having a witness that you have to rehabilitate when they get on the stand. I think it's also true that Michael Cohen, along with the documents, but just his personality, he may actually be a very good witness, especially with these jurors. I mean, wait and see, but he communicates well.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He communicates well. Low bar. The man's a jughead and even if former celebrity reporters can't see it, he's a jughead. Now, as we've demonstrated previously, Bragg's case is the epitome in election meddling. The underlying payments, if anything are misdemeanors, and the statute of limitations has already run on them. Yet this is all secondary to the regime media, whereas real reporters love covering real campaigns. These people love avoiding them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WOLF BLITZER, CNN HOST: This is just the first of potentially four criminal trials that Trump could face this year going into this presidential election. He still needs to talk to voters.GLORIA BORGER, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Right. Joe Biden is doing the opposite of a rose garden strategy. He's out there on the campaign trail.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. All right. I forgot about all those packed out Biden rallies and oh, the convenience store stops. Those convenience store stops are buzzing with enthusiasm.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: The only one excited was the cameraman there. I don't even think that person was too excited. Now almost everything you're going to hear about this trial, almost everything is pure propaganda at this point. It's meant to demoralize Trump supporters. But what it really does is expose the media(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIN BURNETT, CNN HOST: Piece. It's behind the defense table in that courtroom. His political team has been scrambling trying to figure out how to improvise his campaign schedule. They get one day a week, it's a Wednesday in the middle of the week, there's only so much you can do with the limited time that they have.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Only so much you can do with a limited time they have. Again, a real journalist would be concerned that the voters are getting a distorted picture. With Trump sidelined by a state prosecutor of the opposite party. A real journalists would see that if this practice becomes the norm. We'll never have a real election again, just a series of bogus indictments by state agencies or city D.A.s designed to skew the campaign.But look, these phony journalists aren't thinking about the ramifications of any of this. They are just relishing the moment and acting as the unofficial comms team of the Biden campaign.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KRISTEN HOLMES, CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: It seems as though Biden is closing the gap that Donald Trump had. They were supposed to have a campaign rally in North Carolina now with nothing on the schedule, there is nothing for about over a week, the reality now sinking in that it can't just be Wednesdays and Saturdays in this kind of campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that's the whole point, isn't it? Just as Biden needed COVID as the excuse to keep him in the basement. He now needs Trump stuck in court and off the trail. If he's ever going to have a prayer of reelection and a bunch of drop boxes. Now, will this work? Well, not if Trump plays his cards, right? Most Americans, I think already have their own view of this trial. And there's no point in his re-litigating it every day outside of the courtroom.So, I'd say instead of talking about the trial, pivot to the news of the day, and then put Biden on trial, reiterate that Americans deserve a real campaign, a real agenda for prosperity, a real border and I think that he the candidate will deliver all of it. Come voting time voters should reject what's a grand effort at deflection. And remember that it's Biden's record that's on trial. And he should be convicted on multiple counts of aggravated assault, causing grievous injury to the America we knew, and still love. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Jonathan Turley, George Washington University Law Professor, Fox News Contributor. Jonathan, let's start with the first witness call today. David Pecker, former Chair and CEO of American Media, Inc. Why is he important to them? And what does it tell you about Bragg's case?JONATHAN TURLEY, GWU LAW PROFESSOR: Well, it was rather bizarre start, right, because he's talking about something that's really not part of the indictment. It's like having a bank robbery case and they're starting out with a tax evasion witness. I mean, you -- if I was one of the jurors, I'd be a little bit confused. So, is this somehow part of this odd conspiracy by defrauding effort by the President? And the answer is no, they got the judge to agree to bring this in to show a pattern.But it frankly, has very little to do with the key linchpins, they're going to have to establish. Does the evidence show that Trump had the intent to somehow commit fraud? And part of that is still the search for what crime Trump was trying to conceal, because even after the first day of this trial, not just on this network, people are debating what that crime is. Because the suggestion is that he did all of this because he committed a federal election law crime.But the Department of Justice rejected that. They didn't prosecute, did not charge and many experts in the field say no, this isn't a federal crime. So, if you get even below the surface by one millimeter, you're left with a really confusing case.INGRAHAM: Well, Judge Merchan allowed D.A. Alvin Bragg to bring up and cross examination if Trump testifies some of the old Trump behavior. You know, Letitia James, E. Jean Carroll case. Should -- first of all, what did you think of that ruling? To me that seemed unbelievably political, in my view, but is that trying to scare Trump away from exercising his constitutional right to testify on his own -- in his own defense, even if you think that's the wrong thing to do? Seems strange.TURLEY: Yes, I thought it was surprising in the broad scope because he could have allowed that to come in, if it became relevant for impeachment, if Trump tripped a wire by saying something that was relevant to those cases, but he went very broad. And as a result, I think most criminal defense attorneys would say, don't take the stand. I'm not one of the attorneys. I'm a criminal defense attorney. But I'm not one of the defense attorneys that just sort of reflexively always says, you know, let's not take the stand. Yes, let's be conservative and risk averse.I actually think that in celebrity cases, you sometimes really need to take the stand. But after that ruling, no, I think I would advise him not to do it, the risks are too high. This is a very weak case. And going on the stand, gives the district attorney a chance to try to revive it.INGRAHAM: Now, President Trump is -- he's frequently will go out outside the courtroom, and then comment about what happened inside the courtroom. Now, we used to have some clients that like to do that as well. And as lawyers, we were no, let us handle it. We're litigating the case; you're not going to win it outside. In this case, look, he's his own man, he's going to make his own decisions.But on that particular score, what would you suggest if you had to suggest to a client, even a celebrity client. Does that make sense? Or could you give some ammo to the other side unwittingly, by doing so?TURLEY: I think it's a mistake, because, they say football games are won by inches, you can give up many yards with one, just ill-considered statement, that stuff can be admissible. And I think that you have to be much more careful from this point on in what you say. You can talk about a lot of things. But you've got to be careful because you're in the middle of a minefield and you don't want to misstep.INGRAHAM: Jonathan, and just dovetailing back to that New York Times piece, a mountain of evidence against former President Trump. I mean I don't know if the jurors were asked about this, but that basically laid out the entire prosecution's case, arguing essentially for the prosecution. And again, it raises this question, how do you get an impartial jury? It's like jury tampering by The New York Times.TURLEY: Well, first of all, you need a true snail eye view to see this as a mountain, because I don't see it. What I see is a bunch of unconnected facts that aren't ultimately linked to a felony crime. In fact, they're linked to a dead misdemeanor. But look, we know that this is going to happen. That you see this already, even though there has been some liberal legal experts have criticized this case and said, we don't see the crime either. And we certainly have never seen a case like this one.The media is expected to become this echo chamber for the district attorney. And even if you tell jurors to avoid the news, there's no real guarantee that they're going to do that. And they're going to be in a city that's absolutely saturated with it. So, the defense has to go in and assume that all of those fail safes have failed, and that you're going to have to make that case even stronger in the courtroom.INGRAHAM: Jonathan, always wonderful to see you. Thank you. All right, a judge just slapped down a New York A.G. Letitia James's latest attempt to topple Trump. Plus, what's happening this week that could change the course of Trump's trials. We examine it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: While this bogus hush money trial gets underway in Manhattan, Letitia James is still on her crusade against Trump. She's been trying mightily, as you might recall, to have his $175 million bond invalidated. But today, a New York judge ruled against her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Just a few blocks away as you know, they had a trial on the $175 million. That's Letitia James still coming out of the White House, by the way. They say I overestimated. If you look at the numbers, they're underestimated. A value at a billion dollar asset that they keep million dollars, but the deal was approved. She just tried to embarrass everybody, and she tried to embarrass a very good banking company by saying they weren't creditworthy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And then regarding that classified documents case by Wednesday of this week, the grand jury testimony transcript of former Trump aide Walt Nauta is set to be released. And then Thursday is the big one. The Supreme Court will hear arguments on Trump's presidential immunity claim.Joining me now Utah Senator Mike Lee, former legal clerk also with me, Mike Davis, Article III Project Founder, former Gorsuch clerk. Senator, let's start with you. The Supreme Court case, a lot has been said about this, but do you think it would be likely that a majority of this court would say that President Trump or presidential immunity applies to these cases?SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): Yes, I certainly think it should be likely. And I think it will be likely. And the reason is this. There can be no dispute no matter how loudly Liz Cheney and her acolytes in the Democratic Party wants to shout, no matter how much they're inclined to the gossiping around the watercooler about what legal theories they can come up with next.President Donald Trump was in fact President of the United States on January 6th. And you have to respect that fact in court, lest every president moving forward is going to be hobbled by a shore awareness and the fact that anything he or she may do could wind up bringing that President into court once that President is no longer in office. We don't want that as a country. And I think the Supreme Court understands that that's not workable, nor is it justifiable under the court's immunity jurisprudence.INGRAHAM: Well, speaking of Cheney, she wrote this op ed in the Times today arguing that the Supreme Court should act quickly, of course, she gets published in The New York Times, the justices should also recognize the profoundly negative impact they may have if the court does not resolve these issues quickly, and decisively. Mike now she's an unofficial litigant petitioner before the court.MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: I would say to Liz Cheney, and --INGRAHAM: Let's go to Mike Davis.DAVIS -- that I would say to Liz Cheney and these other washed up Republican politicians. This is so much bigger than Donald Trump. This is about the presidency. If you can indict a President of the United States for his official acts, not his personal acts, his official acts. We are going to destroy the presidency and therefore destroy our country.Think about this can the Trump 47 Justice Department charge President Obama for Capitol murder for his extrajudicial drone strike of two American citizens, including a minor. Can the Trump 47 Justice Department charge President Biden for his illegal mass parole of illegal migrants into our country in the resulting crimes? Do the Democrats really want to go down this path?INGRAHAM: Well, Senator, I think of people like Chief Justice Roberts, who's a -- he's kind of an institutionalist. He likes to stand for the executive branch, and I think others on the court do as well. Again, this is -- this could be put an end to all of these cases. But I'm concerned that there also might be through the court running this fear of their own credibility being put at issue if indeed they short circuit, the Democrats attempt to short circuit the election.LEE: Yes. Let's take Chief Justice Roberts, as your question was directed to him principally. First and foremost, you're right, Laura. He's an institutionalist. And he wants to make sure that the Constitution is solidified in a way that allows for each of these institutions, each of these three branches to continue operating as coordinate branches within our federal government.That is unworkable. If the living breathing embodiment of the entire executive branch of government has to live each moment of -- for your presidency under the brooding threat of eventual litigation and criminal charges over official acts taken by that person while that person was president. It doesn't work. I think Chief Justice Roberts is going to see that and yes, there are political crosscurrents here. But legally, this should be a no brainer for at least the majority if not a unanimous court.INGRAHAM: Mike and Senator Lee, thank you both. All right, mob behavior taking over college campuses. Passover begins tonight. A Jewish Yale student who says she was stabbed in the eye with a Palestinian flag speaks out next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK, so now there's a full wall?PROTESTERS: Disclose, divest. We will not stop. We will not rest. Disclose.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: From the river to the tree. Oh, is it C? What a waste of a college degree.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Engaging in genocide, violating the rights of the Palestinians.CROWD: Free, free Palestine. Free, free, free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Palestine will be free.CROWD: Palestine will be free.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now forget playing ultimate frisbee on the lawn or enjoying a quiet coffee outside for a study break. This is what students on elite college campuses are doing in their free time setting up what they're calling Gaza solidarity encampments. Yes. And Jewish students are on edge at Columbia University leaving administrators there to cancel in-person classes just to be safe, not exactly a happy Passover.Joining me now with all the details, been there all day, Fox News national correspondent Alexis McAdams. Alexis, tell us what's going on there tonight.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Laura. Well, last time I talked to you at that other protest you told me to make some friends. I still haven't made any just yet here at Columbia's campus either today. But I want to show you what's going on here. You can check it out over our shoulder and see this is -- that encampment that we're talking about, right?As protests continue here, the NYPD remains on high alert. More tents popping up. You can see as we kind of stand here in the crowd, the people, the students, the chanting, the singing, and there's about a hundred tents and counting so far.They took these down the other day, but, hey, they're already back up. This comes as there's growing calls for the president of Columbia to step down.This afternoon a handful of protesters, if you check it out here, were arrested right in front of the gates at Columbia University just hours after Columbia president Minouche Shafik shifted all students to virtual classes calling for a reset. So, we'll see what that means on campus.Protests at Columbia NYU continuing. They all started here at Columbia, though, but they're popping up at campuses across the country. We've also been talking with police sources who are on the ground near NYU, Laura, who are saying there is going to be arrests possible over there. They have police officers in place and it's private property. So, that means NYU had to communicate with the NYPD to ask them for help to try and clear out those encampments which have been going on.Also, this video taken on campus at Columbia over the weekend shows what happens when you enter these encampments. This person trying to take some cell phone video as they made a human chain telling them to get out of the area. So, we're going to show you here as we come back out here live. We're trying to talk with more students.They don't really want to talk to us. They have their faces covered here, but they do have immediate contacts. We've been trying to talk with them about what they're expecting here over the next few days. But they have so many things set up. They don't plan on going anywhere just yet, Laura.INGRAHAM: Alexis, do they have bathrooms there? I mean are there porta- potties set up? I mean, this looks like any regular homeless encampment in D.C. I couldn't tell the difference. This is what these kind-of tents are everywhere in Washington D.C., so.MCADAMS: Yeah, I didn't see any bathrooms yet, but last time when we talked to NYPD contacts, they told me that that was what was already set up here. They had, you know, food, and then they had these small shelters that they set up, and then they had portable bathrooms, temporary bathrooms.So, none of that in place just yet. But I mean, they spent hours and put so many police hours into this to get this out of the way, and then it comes back up just a few hours later, and that's what's happening at NYU and all over the country.INGRAHAM: Alexis, you're very friendly, so I think you should actually work on trying to make some more friends. And I can't wait till you find some friends there, because I really want to hear it. All right, Alexis. Thanks so much.Now over to Yale University where police swept campus this morning, arresting 47 pro-Hamas protesters, but the security presence still isn't making some students feel safe. My next guest is a sophomore, has been documenting how Jewish students are followed, she says harassed, and even assaulted.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: That's right.(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: I'm just trying to work it out.UNKNOWN: We will not stop. We will not rest. Disclose. Divest.UNKNOWN: See, I can't move forward.UNKNOWN: We will not stop. We will not rest. Disclose. Divest. We will not stop. We will not rest. We will not stop. We will not rest. Disclose. Divest.UNKNOWN: Oh, oh, you stabbed me.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now is Sahar Tartak, editor in chief of the Yale Free Press. Sahar, now that video abruptly ended as you started yelling. What happened?SAHAR TARTAK, YALE UNIVERSITY STUDENT: Sure. So, as I was at this protest, as soon as I was identified and as -- basically as a Jewish student, I was blockaded by multiple protest organizers who created a human blockade, which then pinned me in between them and the hostile rally attendees that encircled around me.And as you saw in that video, we're dancing around me. And they taunted me and flew things in my face until one of them took his Palestinian flag, waves at my face and then jabbed me in my left eye. And when I tried to chase after my assailant, the human blockade stayed in front of me and ran in front of me so that I could not chase him down so that they could protect him.INGRAHAM: It seems quite traumatizing. You're there trying to document what's happening to Jewish students. And what happened when you were trying to find out the identity of the person who hit you. I want to show this to our viewers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I want you to think about what do you really want to get out of this?UNKNOWN: I'd like to remove the person from the rally that hit me with the flag. And you would too.UNKNOWN: I just need to ask you a few more questions.UNKNOWN: No, we're stalling.UNKNOWN: No, we're not stalling.UNKNOWN: Yeah, we are. And it's taking too long and I'm uncomfortable.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, who was that, Sahar? Did you ultimately find out who hurt you?TARTAK: So, that was one of the many rally organizers that wanted to basically ensure that I didn't find who the assailant was. And we did not find him in the end.INGRAHAM: Well, Sahar, Yale told us that it's investigating the assault and that the university does not tolerate violence, threats, harassment, intimidation of members of our communities, providing support to a student, that means you, I guess, who made the report. They also said that the Yale president sent a message to the community addressing the protests and affirming campus safety, peaceable assembly, civil discourse.Look, when you when you listen to the pro-Palestinian, pro-Hamas, as we call them, protesters, they paint a very different picture. One who was interviewed by NBC, Noor Karim, a sophomore, I guess, from Michigan at Yale. One of the people arrested said it was very brutal. We were all crying. I was asleep and we were woken up by shouts. And that police were here. It was very cold. I went out with my blanket. We were all sitting there singing and crying together.So, that's what they're saying. They're peaceful. They're proceeding peacefully. And apparently, they're the ones being brutalized and taunted. And they're raising free speech concerns as well.TARTAK: Well, I have friends who were assaulted at Columbia as well. And again, the assailants are part of these groups and protected by these groups. They create environments of violence and assault for Jewish students, and then try to claim victimhood when they face the consequences.INGRAHAM: Sahar, I know this is -- Sahar, excuse me. I also know this is Passover. Did you get the sense that they understood that it was the Passover holiday about to begin? Did they care?TARTAK: So, the only interest they have in Jewish holidays is weaponizing them against Jewish people. So, from my understanding, the protesters at Yale are actually doing a Seder for Palestine.INGRAHAM: Oh, boy. Sahar, this is when I'm glad I'm not on college campuses anymore. But we really hope you're OK. Thank you for being out there. And peaceful protest is the answer for all sides. Thank you. Great to see you. Happy Passover.Now, Democrats already trying to pull Biden out of the debates. Yeah. The ridiculous reasons why, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now, if he's really going to avoid doing any presidential debates, Biden's going to need a large block and tackle operation. Or maybe he just needs one large man.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I look at Donald Trump's debating style. He lies and lies and lies. And it's so hard to respond to that. But I also think that Joe Biden is a terrific debater. He understands the issues. Donald Trump doesn't read, doesn't understand any of these issues.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait a second. Wait a second. Biden reads what exactly? The back of the Captain Crunch cereal box? Look, Jill, this one has pink berries in it.Now, the debate chatter among the corporate press is classic table setting. So, they're working overtime to dehumanize and denigrate Donald Trump in order to later say that Biden shouldn't deign to debate him, because to debate Trump would be to insult and debase the presidency.Now, recall how Biden sold himself to voters in 2020 that he would be the protector of institutions that had end the chaos and return -- turn us to normalcy. Well, look, we know now he did the opposite, right down to gutting Title Nine in order to hurt women and girls and help transgendered kids.If he says no to any debates for any reason, it will be the first time a party's nominee has done so since 1976.Now joining me now to untangle all this, Juan Williams, Fox News contributors, senior political analyst. And Ned Ryun, founder and CEO of American Majority. Juan, let's start with you. Why does it seem that there is momentum building for Biden to nix these debates? And will he?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, I hope he won't. I think the momentum is coming from the Trump camp. I think it's pretty clear they want to establish that a demand for a debate. The problem for them is that Trump didn't debate Republicans in the Republican primaries.And, you know, it's unusual. I say this as someone who's covered politics for a lifetime, Laura. You know, usually it's -- you never hear a winning candidate being the one calling for early debates. But in this case, I think the Trump camp has been pushing the idea that, you know, Biden's a doddering old man. He's an incompetent. He's a fool. He's afraid of debates. And so, they're using this to box Biden in.So, if Biden says that, no, you know, I'm not going to push for early debates and commitments to debates. They'll say that's because Biden's afraid.INGRAHAM: Well, Ned, Donald Trump nixed one of the debates in 2020. A lot of people at the time were saying that was a big mistake because it opens the door to Democrats, especially Biden, skipping them in the future. Your thoughts on this?NED RYUN, AMERICAN MAJORITY FOUNDER AND CEO: Yeah. Honestly, I would like to see debates between August 22nd. That's when the DNC convention ends. And September 4th is when the first absentee ballots drop. I just don't think we're going to see any meaningful presidential debates this year, Laura, if any at all. And I think there's a reason for that.I don't think Democrats -- I don't think they want Biden on the stage for 90 minutes. A weak Biden trying to defend an abysmal record on immigration, on inflation, on the economy, and I think they're kind of hoping to. They're going to get some cover on ducking debates with Trump being convicted, and Biden being able to say I'm not going to debate a convicted felon.But at the end of the day, I just don't think they care. I don't think the Biden campaign really cares about doing debates. I think they're going to get all the cover they need from the corporate media.And I think they're banking on smash mouth politics in the seven battleground states that will matter and just thinking we're going to collect more ballots than Trump. We're going to win the White House. So, who cares about debates and who cares about persuasion?INGRAHAM: Well, I think the country would actually really benefit from seeing both men, and I would say with no moderators, but subject. Maybe a moderator comes out and says immigration. And then one side says his piece, the other -- and then go back and forth, then go to the economy, then go to foreign policy or Ukraine, whatever you want. To me, that would tell us a lot, Juan. What are your thoughts on that?WILLIAMS: You're right. You know, I love debates and I think the voters like them, too. I don't think there's any question about it. It's a matter, though, of, you know, what happens. If you are in the Trump camp, Laura, and they say, look, hey, we're going to have a debate. And the first question is, do you think that the 2000 election was stolen? He says, wait a minute. Where did that come from? Or you start asking, you know, about what happened on January 6. You say, I don't want -- I want to talk about my issues.I mean, you know, that's not going to be easy for Donald Trump either. So, he's going to have to say, do I agree to work with the League of Women Voters or the Presidential Debate Commission? Do you want third party candidates on the stage? Those are decisions that the Trump camp is going to have to deal with as well.INGRAHAM: Well, Ned, one of the leading thinkers on the never Trump side is writer David Frum of the Atlantic, and he has an explanation to keep -- or a justification to keep Biden from having to debate. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The president do an event with the weather underground, with the president to an event with the Black Panthers. What you're giving people permission to do is to say, well, look, I'm not with Trump on the overthrowing the Constitution by violence part, but I am worried about these food prices. That really should not be up for debate.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Ned?RYUN: That's insane. I mean, they're still running on this whole idea that January 6 was an insurrection and they're going to try and bank on that and use any excuse they can for Biden not to debate Trump.Fact of the matter is they're both presidents. The American people deserve to see them debate the issues. I just don't think we're going to see any meaningful debates, Laura.I just don't think we're in that -- we're in the era, Laura, in which I think persuasion and votes do not carry the weight they used to. It's all about ballots, so I don't think they really care.And I don't think the corporate media is going to keep Biden -- make him toe the line on this, and they'll get him covered when he decides to duck debates.INGRAHAM: It is tragic for the country. Ned and Juan, thank you both. All right. Biden calls in the celebs. The White House royalty hits Target. And a mega star is panned anonymously. Seen and Unseen with Raymond is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen an Unseen where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, I was heartened to see that Patrick Mahomes has joined the Rock, not endorsing anyone this presidential season. Love it.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, not everyone got the memo, Laura. In fact, some big names have become practical surrogates for the Biden campaign. People like John Legend and Michael Douglas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Choice is very clear. There's a lot been said about age and all these other things. Both of them are old, but one of them is a really decent man who's done a lot to improve lives in this country, and that's Joe Biden.UNKNOWN: You and Biden are about the same age. Are you one of those people who wished he had bowed out? Let the field choose somebody else.UNKNOWN: I think that I walk a little similar to him. And the people that I've talked to and everybody that I have, say he's as sharp as a tack. He's fine.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: He's a sharp as a tack. Look, not to fact check the all-star Biden Defense League, Laura, but this was Joe Biden earlier at an Earth Day event. I guess it depends on the tack you use for comparison. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I've seen the devastating toll of climate firsthand. I think about climate. When I think about it, I think not only about health and safety, but I think about jobs. We issued new standards for chemical plants that emit toxic pollution. Now, again, it affected Delaware. We had the highest cancer rate in the 1970's of any nation, any state in the nation. And guess what? A lot of us, from me, included, and ended up a bronchial, asthma.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: What did he almost say there, Laura? Bronchial cancer? What was that? I mean, this is from the man that brought you Uncle Boise's, you know, cuisine last week. Cannibal cuisine. That story didn't pan out either. He just makes this stuff up. But to say that this is sharp as a tack, I'd hate to see a dull one.INGRAHAM: Well, Michael Douglas is quite compelling when he offers secondhand observations as well. People I know who spend time with him say he's the, you know. OK, let's spend some time with them and then -- at least come out after spending your own time with them and say something.ARROYO: Plausible deniability, Laura. That's smart. Look, one celebrity who is not out hitting the campaign trail like the rest for Joe Biden is Michelle Obama. But she is trying to generate some excitement by engaging the little people with an all-new Target run.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I heard my paperback is out and it's in Target. So, we're going to go undercover because I have not seen my book actually in a Target store. So, we're going to try to do this little key. Let's see how it does. (INAUDIBLE) Should I do a reading here? Give me a pen. I'm going to sign a few. Me, something for my husband, something for --- Check. See you guys later.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, this is like George H. W. Bush going to the grocery store. No one buys this. And I love how, aside from her staff, she had no interaction with anyone at Target. This is -- it showed the razzle dazzle is kind of wearing thin at this point. Nobody cares.INGRAHAM: She looks really thin. She looks pretty good, I think. But Raymond, I think she tried to do this before. Didn't she try to go -- didn't -- during when she was First Lady, she went -- she went to -- I think it was a Target or Walmart. I can't remember what store. But she kind of did this routine before. Was it Target? So, yeah, she likes to promote Target.But look, you know, she'll send -- I guess she'll sell a ton of books. There's still -- people still reading books. I mean --ARROYO: Well, it's remarkable to me that she's not out there beating the drum for Biden. Usually, Michelle is on the vanguard. Now even the Obamas are hanging back. I think they see the same handwriting on the wall, the Rock and others.And Laura, there is one celebrity that Team Biden is hoping will declare for Joe, the one, Taylor Swift. But despite her endorsement last time, maybe she's thinking she should have said no. She focused on her new album, which Paste Magazine just panned. Did you see that?INGRAHAM: Well, I don't read Paste. But some of the young kids, Raymond, my daughter's age, they love Taylor Swift, but they don't love necessarily her new review. But that was brutal. Her new album.They gave the tortured poets department a 3.6 out of 10, claiming that Swift is in her 30's. It sounds like she's infantilizing her own audience more than ever before.ARROYO: Yeah. Yeah, there was a pretty brutal takedown. What's curious, Laura, the editors' note of this Paste Magazine, they decided to suppress the author's byline, fearing for the safety of the staff. Apparently, this guy someday before, one of the earlier albums had reviewed her, and the Swifties went crazy.Who knew that a review of a Taylor Swift album would become the 2024 Charlie Hebdo, but here we are. The writers are all in hiding.INGRAHAM: Well, it's like 40 -- wasn't it like 40 songs on the album or 35 songs. All right. And now the University of South Florida, Raymond, has announced it's launching a new English cast, devote class, devoted to the study of Taylor Swift.ARROYO: You know, it's amazing to me, Laura, they're late in the game, actually. Four other universities already beat them to the punch, including Harvard. So, I'm glad the University of Southern Florida is catching up. But look, there's --INGRAHAM: Yeah, we're out of time. Yeah, we're out of time, RaymondARROYO: -- mentioned a London pub and the Swifties packed it.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, Raymond, this is another black eye for the English degrees out there. See you tomorrow night.