PIERS MORGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Big enough to hide multiple people behind it. Cost $750. So, basically if you hid behind that, Jesse --JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You are going to be ordering it and putting it right here tomorrow.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes, but why would you buy that?WATTERS: People will love tomorrow's show with the invisibility shield right there. That's it for us, have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jesse, you could add another person with the invisibility shield. I mean, that would good, could be the sixth.WATTERS: Now you're thinking.BAIER: OK, all right. Thanks.Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier. We begin tonight with another potential firestorm over Republican leadership in the House. A second GOP lawmaker says he would co-sponsor a motion to vacate the chair. In other words, get rid of speaker Mike Johnson. This comes as the speaker tries to push an international aid package through the chamber.Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie starts us off with the breaking news tonight. Good evening, Aisha.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: And good evening to you, Bret, we still don't have text for that international aid package. In fact, a source is telling me just now that they're still having meetings about that tax. That is a very, very bad sign if the House really does intend to take votes by the end of the week. We don't know what the holdup is. But Speaker Johnson today was vowing that he's not going to let any threat to oust him to try to deter this.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): I am not resigning.HASNIE (voice over): House Speaker Mike Johnson defiant amid a new call for him to step down. Today, Congressman Thomas Massie announcing he's co- sponsoring Marjorie Taylor Greene's motion to vacate.The pair demanding Johnson announced his intent to resign so the conference can pick a new speaker without plunging the House into the same chaos surrounding Kevin McCarthy's ousting.REP. THOMAS MASSIE (R-KY): No, I'm not going to call the motion to vacate. But I will tell you that he's -- if it is called, there will be a lot of people who vote for it.HASNIE (voice over): The fight comes amid Johnson's plan to put foreign aid on the floor offering separate bills for Israel, Ukraine and Taiwan. And a fourth with conservative policies like Lend-Lease deal for military aid for Ukraine and a TikTok ban as a sweetener and attempt to give members protection from tough votes. The idea of gaining traction by members on both sides of the aisle.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I like it. I do.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If that's what it takes to get it out of this body.HASNIE (voice over): But some conservatives taking issue with the lack of border provisions.REP. ELI CRANE (R-AZ): Seemingly abandoning the border, which is the Hill has said we were going to die on for a long time.HASNIE (voice over): Despite the frustration, no one else aside from Massie and MTG publicly backing the motion to vacate in fear of risking an already thin majority.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think right now would be not good timing.HASNIE (voice over): Former President Trump who publicly endorsed the speaker at Mar-a-Lago last week, did not say if House Republicans should raise the one person threshold for a motion to vacate, instead telling them to focus on the issues that can help them keep the house in November.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, it's unfortunate that people bring it up because right now we have much bigger problems.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And Bret, tonight, Democrats appear open to saving the speaker's gavel. But they say they're not making any promise until they see the bill tax again. No Bill text at this hour, Bret.BAIER: Aishah Hasnie live on Capitol Hill. Aishah, thank you. Other action on the house today. The House sent Articles of Impeachment to the Senate against the President's Homeland security chief today. What exactly the Democrat run Senate will do with them remains a mystery tonight. Senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram has the latest on that from Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A spectacle not seen in Congress in 148 years.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: All persons are commanded to keep silent on pain of imprisonment.PERGRAM (voice over): The House asking the Senate to sit in judgment of an impeached member of the president's cabinet.SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): We've just witnessed history being made.PERGRAM (voice over): House prosecutors walked the 303 steps from the House floor across the capitol rotunda to the Senate chamber to deliver the articles and only the 22nd impeachment trial in American history.REP. MARK GREEN (R-TN): Alejandro Mayorkas' willful and systemic refusal to comply with the law has had a calamitous consequence for the nation and the people of the United States.PERGRAM (voice over): Two Articles of Impeachment for Mayorkas, the House accuses him of breaking the law and violating the public's trust about the border.GREEN: Impeachment is Congress's only viable option.PERGRAM (voice over): It was a split screen as the House sent the articles to the Senate on the same day Mayorkas testified before the very House committee which impeached him.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Secretary Mayorkas has not only betrayed the trust of the American people, his service as Secretary has left a scar on our nation's soul that may never be removed.ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY, HOMELAND SECURITY: And I have never minimized the challenge that the southern border presents.PERGRAM (voice over): Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer wants to finish the trial as soon as possible.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): That's an abuse of the process that is more chaos.PERGRAM (voice over): But most Republicans warn Democrats against short circuiting the case without a final verdict.SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): They have yet to hear any articulation of their theory of why they're entitled to a motion to dismiss.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Members of the Senate are sworn in as jurors tomorrow but that's when Schumer could call a vote to end the trial, Bret.BAIER: Chad Pergram live on the Hill. Chad, thank you.President Biden and his team are trying to convince Israel tonight not to escalate the already dangerous situation in the Middle East with a retaliatory attack against Iran. Israel has said publicly and privately it has no choice but to respond to the historic Iranian attack.Senior National Correspondent, Rich Edson tells us what's going on right now from the North Lawn of the White House.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): With the Middle East facing the potential of an even wider, more destructive war. President Biden took off for three days of campaigning in Pennsylvania.On the road and in Washington, administration officials are urging Israel to avoid an expanded conflict with Iran and its proxies. Israel has warned Iran will face consequences for its massive missile and drone attacks Saturday.SABRINA SINGH, PENTAGON DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY: The president has been very clear that we stand with Israel and their self-defense. But we really don't want to see a wider war, a wider regional conflict. And we don't seek war with Iran.EDSON (voice over): Republicans accused the administration of losing its sense of perspective, and argue the most effective way to deter Iran is a robust response.SEN. MARK WARNER (D-VA): Five ballistic missiles hit Israel and I think if five ballistic missiles hit the United States of America, you're damn right we would respond. Until you impose costs on Iran itself, until you dry up their cash, they're just going to keep producing cheap drones because they can get away with it.EDSON (voice over): Administration officials say they've imposed more than 500 sanctions on Iran and Iranian entities and a warning of more.JANET YELLEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY: Treasury will not hesitate to work with our allies to use our sanctions authority to continue disrupting the Iranian regime's malign and destabilizing activity.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): Now the White House says the administration is working with top American allies on additional sanctions on Iran. Also today, British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak says he told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that a significant escalation is in no one's interest, Bret.BAIER: Rich Edson live from the North Lawn. Rich, thanks.As we noted, Israeli media report the country may launch a retaliatory strike against Iran while still trying to avoid a regional war. Tonight we're getting greater insight into that possibility, as well as the weekend attacks by the Islamic Republic.Correspondent Jeff Paul is in Tel Aviv tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're here with the body of one of the ballistic missiles.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Roughly 36 feet long, Israel's military says this is the remnants of a fuel tank of just one of the estimated 110 ballistic missiles Iran launched directly at Israel.REAR ADM. DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAEL DEFENSE FORCES SPOKESPERSON: Firing 110 ballistic missiles is an escalation to the region is a dangerous escalation.PAUL (voice over): The Israeli military confirms there will be a response to Iran's weakened missile and drone attack saying it'll be done in a way and at a time Israel chooses.LT. COL. PETER LERNER, ISRAELI DEFENSE FORCES: There's always a fear of escalation, but we're not looking for escalation. We're looking to make sure that Iran doesn't do this.PAUL (voice over): The scope of Israel's retaliation is unclear as the country's war cabinet debates its response, but one of Israel and Iran is closest neighbors in the Middle East is urging calm.Jordan's foreign minister says the country won't let anyone put their citizens in danger and will confront anyone who does it.AYMMAN SAFADI, JORDANIAN FOREIGN MINISTER (through translator): My message is clear to everyone to Israel and Iran, that we will not allow you to turn Jordan into a war zone.PAUL (voice over): Iran which has characterized the attack on Israel as retaliation for a deadly strike on the Iranian consulate on Damascus Syria is warning Israel against risking a wider conflict.HOSSEIN AMIR-ABDOLLAHIAN, IRANIAN FOREIGN MINISTER (through translator): If the Israeli regime makes a mistake. This time Iran's response, as Iran's military commanders announced will not be minimal but immediate and severe.(END VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (on camera): Now, in addition to the situation involving Iran, as well as the ongoing war in Gaza, there's also new tensions in the north along the Israel Lebanon border. The IDF confirming it killed two Hezbollah commanders in recent targeted strikes, Bret.BAIER: Jeff Paul live in Tel Aviv. Jeff, thank you.Breaking tonight, as jury selection continues in the trial of former President Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee is being threatened with a contempt charge. Manhattan district attorney says former president Trump has violated the court gag order. The former president says the judge in this case should not be on the bench.Correspondent Nate Foy is in New York with the latest tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Today in court, Judge Juan Merchan admonished former President Donald Trump for muttering and gesturing toward a prospective juror as his lawyers questioned her credibility.Judge Merchan told Trump he wouldn't tolerate his behavior and will not have any jurors intimidated in his courtroom.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We have Trump-hating judge. We have a judge who shouldn't be on this case. He is totally conflicted.FOY (voice over): Today, Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg filed a motion requesting the court hold Trump in criminal contempt on allegations the former president violated a gag order. Bragg requested a $3,000 fine and possible jail time for Trump after three social media posts where Trump disparaged witnesses Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels. Judge Merchan will rule on potential sanctions related to a possible gag order violation next Tuesday.Bragg accuses Trump of funneling payments to Daniels through Cohen, his former lawyer and misrepresenting those payments as legal expenses.TRUMP: I was paying a lawyer and marked it down as a legal expense. Some accountant, and you get indicted over that?FOY (voice over): Meanwhile, the jury pool is dwindling.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I was excused.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My job, I work in cybersecurity and schedule wise it would be really difficult.FOY (voice over): The court dismissed several prospective jurors for not being able to judge Trump fairly.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's very difficult for anyone really in this country to not come to this with prior opinions. I think we all have prior opinions about the defendant unless you've been like living in a cardboard box.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Tonight, seven jurors are seated with opening statements right now set to begin on Monday of next week, but that timing is very much fluid and dependent on how quickly the remaining five jurors and six alternates are selected. Tomorrow is an off day, the trial and jury selection will resume Thursday morning, Bret.BAIER: Nate Foy outside the courthouse. Nate, thank you.A warning from the Federal Reserve Chairman that interest rates need to remain high lead to mixed results on Wall Street today. The Dow gaining 64, S&P 500 lost 10, the NASDAQ was off 20.Up next, did federal prosecutors go too far in charging capital riot defendants with obstruction dealing with January 6? The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments.And later, a National Public Radio editor NPR who criticized the taxpayer supported network has now been suspended.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: A House panel says China has strategically and economically benefited from the fentanyl epidemic.The House Select Committee found the Chinese government has offered tax rebates and grants for companies openly trafficking illicit fentanyl materials. It's also determined thousands of state-run companies were openly selling the materials online.Attorney General Merrick Garland is again rejecting calls to release audio recordings of President Biden's conversation with the Special Counsel he appointed as part of the classified documents case.Garland told lawmakers on the House Appropriations Committee. There was no precedent in doing so. When pressed on special counsel Robert Hur's report that suggested President Biden suffered from memory loss, Attorney General Garland insisted, "the president has no impairment.""BREAKING TONIGHT", the U.S. Supreme Court is considering arguments about a controversial use of one law by prosecutors going after some of the 2021 Capitol riot defendants January 6, including former President Donald Trump.Correspondent Kevin Corke has details tonight on that. Good evening, Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good to be with you, Bret.The issue here is whether a federal law passed a couple of decades ago to address corporate fraud and document destruction can be properly applied to those allegedly engaged in "assaultive" conduct, like taking part in a riot like January 6th.Today, several justices expressed very deep concern that the obstruction statute sweeps simply too broadly and to areas like peaceful, but disruptive conduct.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NEIL GORSUCH, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE, SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: Would a sit-in that disrupts the trial or access to a federal courthouse qualify? Would a heckler in today's audience qualify, or at the State of the Union address? Would pulling a fire alarm before a vote qualify for 20 years in federal prison?(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: The latter, of course, a reference to Democratic Congressman Jamaal Bowman of New York, who infamously hold a fire alarm at the Capitol, allegedly to delay funding vote in the chamber.Still, Gorsuch's point notwithstanding. There are questions that persist tonight about whether violence changes the reach of the statute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SONIA SOTOMAYOR, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE, SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: We've never had a situation before where there is been a situation like this with people attempting to stop a proceeding violently.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Justice Sotomayor speaking there. And once more, Bret, this could have major implications for former President Trump's separate election interference case. As you know, he's been charged with two counts of obstruction by Special Counsel Jack Smith, over his alleged involvement and efforts to prevent Congress from certifying the election.Now, an attorney for the Special Counsel's Office is set to argue at the High Court next week, against the former president's claim of immunity from prosecution in that election interference case.We'll be watching it very carefully from the High Court.BAIER: You know, it's always fascinating to hear those questions and to kind of try to read the tea leaves to figure out where they are headed.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Indeed. You really can learn a lot when you listen carefully about how they're unpacking the arguments specifically. I think we learned a lot today.BAIER: All right. Kevin, thank you.CORKE: You bet.BAIER: Up next, one Democrat, one Republican, we seek common ground on foreign aid.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight, fire teams battle a blaze that destroyed part of a historic building in Denmark, an iconic spire collapsed from the 17th century old stock exchange.Citizens helped emergency services save paintings and other valuables there from inside the building. Police say it's too soon to say what caused that fire.Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy signs a controversial law that would make it easier to identify draft eligible men to fight in its war against Russia.Many have dodged conscription by avoiding contact with authorities. The law is expected to take effect in one month. And this is a live look at London. One of the big stories there tonight, a bill that could give Great Britain some of the toughest anti-smoking rules in the world clears its first hurdle in Parliament.The ban would make it illegal to sell tobacco products to anyone born after January 1st 2009. The legal age will then be raised by one year every year until it is eventually illegal for the whole population in Great Britain.Just some of the other stores, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT. It is time now for our "COMMON GROUND" segment. This evening, we're going to discuss the bipartisan treatment of foreign policy and foreign aid. Joining me tonight, two members of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Kansas Republican Senator Jerry Moran, and Colorado Democratic Senator Michael Bennet. Senator, thanks for being here.SEN. JERRY MORAN (R-KS): Great to be here.SEN. MICHAEL BENNET (D-CO): Thank you for having us.BAIER: We appreciate you both being here. Senator Bennet, let me start with you. Obviously, we saw what Iran did, and the failed attack on Israel. The next steps, we don't know. But what's the sense about the importance of this moment in the Middle East?BENNET: Well, I think the most important thing coming out of this weekend was the way we lead our allies in the response to Iran incredibly effectively. And it -- they -- and the limitations of their weapons have been demonstrated. The overpowering defense that we're able to provide with Israel was extraordinary. And I think it actually has reset for a moment the balance of power.Whether that's enough to deter Iran, I think Jerry and I both know, being members of the intelligence committee, we will never take that for granted. And every day they comes forward, we're going to have to make a reassessment about where things are. But I think this was a very good weekend for Israel and for our allies.BAIER: And you, you all have common ground on this. You support the funding for Israel, as well as other funding, Senator Moran. What -- what's your take on this?MORAN: Well, exactly what Michael Bennett said is true. I would also add that it's an impetus for us to get our work done here in Congress. The focus is back again, on the emergency National Security supplemental, which is hugely important for Ukraine, for Israel, for Taiwan, and the South China Sea, but sometimes missing in that list of what it's important for. It's important for the United States of America.This is about our national security. And it was great to see the response of some of the -- our allies in the Middle East, even helping in that regard.BAIER: And what happens next is really the question. What Israel's response is? What our response to that response is? Here is the treasury secretary talking -- being asked about possible new sanctions on Iran.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JANET YELLEN, UNITED STATES TREASURY SECRETARY: All options to disrupt terrorist financing of Iran, continue to be on the table.We have acted against UAV and ballistic missile procurement networks, assassination rings, and terrorist networks. So, I fully expect we will take additional sanctions action.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Senator Bennet, you mentioned Iran and, you know, putting the pressure on them, and that they are still a real threat in that region. There obviously, is criticism of the Biden administration, from the right that perhaps the sanctions haven't been fully implemented, and they have a lot of money that they are spending, including on terrorist proxies.What -- what's the response to that, knowing what you know, on this committee?BENNET: I think, knowing what I know on this committee, Bret, I think it's fair to say there should be criticism of the administrations on both sides of the aisle. You look at what's happened over the last 15 years as Iran has been able to build up those proxies in Yemen and in Iraq, in Lebanon. And they have been able to forge influence in the region that is much more substantial than anything that they had 10 or 15 years ago. Their proxies have been much more successful.This is the kind of thing, by the way, that shouldn't change from Democratic to Republican administrations. During the Cold War, we made mistakes, we certainly made mistakes. But, in general, every president knew what their job was with respect to the Cold War. It's my hope that as we get through this Ukraine funding and we actually get it done, there will be a new consensus that will emerge, kind of like that old consensus that was bipartisan and lasted from a Democratic administration to a Republican.BAIER: Speaking of that, obviously, there is a pushback in the House, specifically on the Ukraine funding. You saw it a little bit in the Senate with several senators speaking out, including Senator Vance from Ohio. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. J.D. VANCE, (R-OH) SENATE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE: The Israelis will need this stuff. The Taiwanese need this stuff, and of course, America needs this stuff. Can we possibly fight all of those conflicts at once? No. The math just doesn't make sense. So what we should be doing is with Ukraine, encouraging them to take a defensive posture, now these disastrous counteroffensives the Biden administration has been promoting.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: He was talking there about 155-millimeter artillery shells and that we need them, and other things. He went on in a "New York Times" opinion page, Senator Moran, say that it's just not going to work. The money that we are giving them is not going to turn the tide. And if it's good for American business, that shouldn't be the notion, in his pushback. And he is getting some support in the House on these fronts that he's making.MORAN: He is. It's like many things, I think if the American people -- I mean, I have these conversations with Kansans. They are worried about the money being spent. Is it going to be effective? How long is the war going to go on?But, if you bring this closer to home, in fact, back to home, you can convince people that this is worthwhile. Ukraine is a worthwhile, noble calling. And I would say that we do have the capability to deal in more than one front, more than two fronts. This is one of the most consequential votes I think members of the United States Senate of Congress will take. It's certainly one I feel very strongly about and one that I take very seriously. And it is about the future of the United States and whether or not we are consistent in our efforts. Ukraine needs the ability to be successful, and that makes us safer in the Middle East and makes us safer in the South China Sea.BAIER: And Senator Bennet, I know you've pushed back specifically on Senator Vance and you wrote an op-ed about that.BENNET: I don't need to know that Ukraine has fought as bravely as they have for the last two years. I don't need to know that they have taken back half the territory that Putin stole from them, or that they have stood on the tip of the spear for democracy all over the world. I do know that.But that's only a benefit on top of our national security. For $60 billion -- that sounds like a lot of money. Compare that to the $3 trillion that we spent in the Middle East where we had our own troops on the ground dying in the Middle East. I'm not going to say that that's cheap, but I am going to say that it's cheap compared to a lot of other investments that we've made, and far more effective. And I think that's actually what the math compels.BAIER: And we've done a lot of stories about all the stuff that's in the supplemental that you all passed, including $6 billion for subs and other building up of the American infrastructure. But last word here, Senator.MORAN: Bret, my Republican colleagues and I were very critical of the Biden administration as we came out of Afghanistan, the way that we left people behind. And it is the same story. I tell my Republican colleagues we were rightfully irate at what happened as we came out of Afghanistan. We sent a message to our allies that we may not hang with them. And I tell my Republican colleagues who are critical of the support of Ukraine, this is the same thing. We are sending another message just like the one that we despised just a year or so ago.BAIER: You all worked together before on a number of bills.BENNET: If we can get through this week and we can stand up for the country, maybe we could create a whole new politics here that actually supports the national interests of the country. That's what I think we're trying to do.MORAN: This is a time for us to come together. The threats are real.BAIER: OK, Senators, thanks so much.MORAN: Thank you.BENNET: Thank you for having us.BAIER: You can see all of the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see this whole discussion on the FOX News YouTube page.Up next, the "National Public Radio" editor, NPR, who challenged the station's objectivity, learns his fate.And later, the panel on the political fate of House Speaker Michael Johnson.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Breaking tonight, we're going to take you live to New York. Former President Trump walking into a bodega there after his full day in court. He is visiting here. He's got a big crowd outside. We'll take that full, we'll see if I can see inside there. And he is making this stop after jury selection. Six jurors have been chosen so far as this process continues about the historic trial of a former president, the first time that has happened. He is facing 34 counts, and he is tied to this hush money case before the 2016 election, allegedly paying a former adult film star to keep quiet. He has pushed back on all of these allegations, calls this all a hoax and a witch-hunt. He demanded numerous times that the judge should step down, and now the judge is threatening to hold him in contempt in -- because of the gag order he laid down in this case.Meantime, as he is here, he is stopping by this bodega, and you see the Secret Service there outside with the crowds cheering on the streets. We'll continue to watch this, see if he makes any remarks. And this is on the Upper West Side -- upper Manhattan, rather, where this bodega is.OK, now, the other shoe has fallen at "National Public Radio." Management has suspended veteran editor Uri Berliner after he went public, we remember -- we brought you those stories about the serious questions over NPR's objectivity. So with that story, here is FOX News media analyst, host of FOX's MEDIA BUZZ, Howard Kurtz.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS HOST: An award-winning senior editor after 25 years at NPR hit with a five-day unpaid suspension shortly after accusing his network of going off the rails toward leftwing activism. Uri Berliner called out liberal bias on skipping the Hunter Biden laptop story and being anti-Israel, tracing it to Donald Trump's election.URI BERLINER, "NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO": We started covering Trump in a way that, like a lot of legacy news organizations, that we were trying to damage his presidency, to find anything we could to harm him.KURTZ: Berliner told NPR the staff would be more interesting, quote, "if they shed their opinions and did the great journalism they are capable of." A series of old tweets by Katherine Maher, NPR's new CEO, reveals a history of liberal activism and intolerance. She whacked Hillary Clinton for erasing language for nonbinary people by referring to "boys and girls." Maher said after the 2020 riots that while looting is counterproductive, it was "hard to be mad about protests not prioritizing the private property of a system of oppression founded on treating people's ancestors as private property."Maher boasted of working for Joe Biden, even wearing a cap with his campaign logo. She now tells NPR she was entitled to free speech as a private citizen.Editor Edith Chapin dismissed Berliner's focus on identity politics by praising inclusion. Donald Trump and others have called for ending NPR's partial federal subsidy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It just shows you how grotesquely partisan NPR has become.(END VIDEO TAPE)KURTZ (on camera): Berliner, who repeatedly took his concerns to management, says Maher herself represents the opposite of what NPR should be doing. The question now is whether he'll be forced out of his job. Bret?BAIER: Howie, you had former television anchor Katie Couric making headlines. This is separate from this story, but in a recent interview talking about Trump supporters, specifically. Here she is, take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATIE COURIC, JOURNALIST: The socioeconomic disparities are a lot, and class resentment is a lot, and anti-intellectualism and elitism is what is driving many of these -- these antiestablishment, which are Trump voters.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: Bret, now that Katie Couric isn't working for NBC or CBS, she is free to air her liberal views. She also called Trump voters resentful, it's such a corroding and bitter, almost bile feeling. I don't think it's a good look for Couric to be describing tens of millions of Trump supporters an uninformed, toxic, and jealous.BAIER: OK, Howie, thank you very much.We're going to go back live to New York. I think the former president may be speaking. Let's listen in.CROWD: Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We will work with the governor. We will bring in a lot of -- but we have to straighten out New York. And that includes crime. And these guys are great people, great friends. But they have tremendous crime. So we have got to straighten this out.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- more than 50 percent of people actually believe, the majority believe that the judge and the jury have some kind of bias against you.TRUMP: Yes, I know they believe. I heard 78 percent think it's a rigged deal. And it is a rigged deal. It's a rigged trial. Our courts, everything is screwed up in New York. And the whole world is watching. This judge is so conflicted. You understand that. You'll take a look at that. There has never been a judge so conflicted. This is ridiculous.And, also, there's no crime. Do you know where the crime is? In the bodegas where they come and rob them every week, or more than that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. Trump -- in your mind is an ideal juror --TRUMP: Anybody that's fair.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you believe that the jury, the jurors seated today --TRUMP: I will let you know after the trial depending on the outcome, because don't forget, we are appealing. There shouldn't be a -- if you look and you take a look around, a good strong look, every legal scholar, every legal pundit said there should be no trial. This is not -- there was nothing done wrong. This is all politics. This is coming out of the White House. And, you know, it makes me campaign locally, and that's OK.CROWD: We love Trump! We love Trump! We love Trump!TRUMP: I don't think so. I think we are doing better, we are doing better than we've ever done. So I think it's having a reverse effect. Do you know what? All I want is fairness. And these people have to be treated better. The bodega association, bodegas, because every week they are being robbed two, three times. It's crazy. It's crazy. And do you know what? The police can do it. They can stop it. But they have to be allowed to do their job.(SHOUTING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- to address the inner cities of America and give them hope to restore the American dream, Atlanta, New York, Philly, Chicago, D.C. --TRUMP: We're going to come in, and number one, you have to stop crime. And we're going to let the police do their job. They have to be given back their authority. They have to be able to do their job. And we're going to come into New York. We're making a big play for New York. Other cities, too. But this city -- I love this city. It's gotten so bad in the last three years, four years. And we're going to straighten New York out.CROWD: Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!TRUMP: So running for president, we're putting a big hit for New York. We think we can win New York with a half-a-million migrants that were brought in, and they took over the parks. They took over your hotels, they take over everything. It's no good. Do you know what they have done? They have destroyed so many people. The African American community now is not getting jobs. Migrants are taking their jobs that are here illegally. Hispanics are not getting jobs. Migrants are taking the jobs.If you look at the unemployment, the unemployment is good for migrants now. It went up 10 percent, all migrants, and they're in our country. Now, they are coming from prisons. I don't know if you know. They come from mental institutions. They come from prisons. They come from places you don't want to know about. They are coming from jails and prisons, mental institutions and insane asylums. And you have massive numbers of terrorists coming into our country, all because of Biden.And by the way, this trial that I have now, that's a Biden trial. They want to keep me off the campaign trail. But based on what I'm doing, I think there is more press here than there is if I went out to some nice location.BAIER: OK, that's former President Trump. He was visiting a Harlem bodega. This is the same bodega where Jose Alba fatally stabbed an attacker who was charged -- he was charged with murder, and then saw his case dropped amid a lack of evidence, and obviously the outcry over that. That's that that bodega that he's visiting in Harlem, talking there about the trial as well as crime in New York.Fair and balanced. Let's go now to President Biden. He is speaking in Scranton, Pennsylvania, at the carpenter union's training facility. Let's listen to that.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: -- because of you, it matters, it matters. And people are contributing $5, $10, $30, $50. And it's having a real impact, a real effect. We have opened more campaign offices because of you all than -- he hasn't opened any that I'm aware of. I'm not being facetious. I'm not being facetious.We are also in a situation where we are in a position that we're generating paid staff that's significant, and we're growing in every state. I have been to every -- every single -- every single of the toss-up states so far. And guess what? If you know anybody that knows anything about polling, it's awful hard to poll these days because -- no, I'm serious. But guess what? Even in the polls that are being used now, we're -- we're ahead in 35 polls.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: By the way.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: It's just about continuing to push. And, again, one simple proposition -- how do we give hardworking Americans an even shot? An even chance? An even chance to make it? Just that. Nothing more than that. And how do we move people together again?And I think we can do it. I'm confident that we're going to be able to do it. And I feel very good about where we are because of all of you. But thank you for what you're doing. Again, I -- I didn't mean to tell you so much.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: But thank you, thank you, thank you.(APPLAUSE)BAIER: OK, President Biden in Scranton, Pennsylvania, obviously a town he knows well. Is he campaigning, talking to the carpenter union and the training facility there. Bringing you both the president and the former president on this day in different places, New York and Pennsylvania.Up next, the panel on a host of topics. We just don't know which ones until they sit down.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: We need steady leadership. We need steady hands at the wheel.REP. THOMAS MASSIE, (R-KY): I asked him to resign. A motion will get called. And then he's going to lose more votes than Kevin McCarthy.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE, (R-GA): I'm being responsible with this decision and allowing people to come to terms and think about who would be the next speaker.REP. PETE AGUILAR (D-CA) HOUSE DEMOCRATIC CAUCUS CHAIRMAN: We can't control the theatrics of Marjorie Taylor Greene and the House Republican Conference. But we stand willing to work with anyone who wants to deliver on that help and support.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, Speaker Mike Johnson says he will not resign, so here we are. Chaos in the House as foreign aid hangs in the balance. Haven't figured it all out. We need a whiteboard.But let's bring in our panel, Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, talk radio host Chris Ryan, and "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight. Stef, you have been up there. You have been writing about some of this stuff. It is integral how everybody is saying how they're going to vote, but we just don't know how this is all going to come to pass.STEF KIGHT, POLITICAL REPORTER, "AXIOS": Yes, there is no question that Speaker Johnson is in serious trouble right now, especially with Massie coming out today and saying that he would support a motion to vacate. Keep in mind that all it would take right now is one more Republican to vote with all of the Democrats to oust Johnson from the speakership. And come Friday when Mike Gallagher leaves, that's going to be down to just two Republicans need to vote with Democrats. And the question here is whether Democrats end up cutting a deal and give Johnson credit for bringing Ukraine to the floor and whether they end up saving him and avoiding this.BAIER: Well, that's the real question here, if they want the Ukraine aid, they want the Israel aid, if they want the Taiwan aid, they may vote to save Johnson and then those -- for those bills, which maybe doesn't body well for Johnson in the conference, but it does bode well for those aid bills.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: Speaker Johnson has said he is a wartime speaker. He views these issues, Ukraine, Israel, Taiwan, TikTok, as integral to the multifront war America and our allies are facing among these autocratic threats. And I think in that type of wartime situation, you might have to forge a united front of most Republicans and some Democrats in order to preserve him in the speakership.BAIER: How do you think this plays across the country? Obviously MAGA world has some problems, real problems with Ukraine funding, but how do you think this plays? It's process-ee up on Capitol Hill, but how do you think it plays, Chris?CHRIS RYAN, TALK RADIO HOST: This is terrible for Republicans with independents and middle class Americans who are looking to solutions to problems. These two individuals, Marjorie Taylor Greene and Thomas Massie are institutional arsonists. People are not looking for that. People are looking for solutions to problems. I spoke with Congressman Pappas, a Democrat from New Hampshire today, and he expects Democrats will stand behind Mike Johnson and that he will -- they will provide support. And Pappas is a moderate Democrat from New Hampshire's first congressional district that he feels that that is going to be the path forward. They will stand behind, Democrats will stand behind Johnson.BAIER: Here is the former president about this trial that he is facing. He comes out every time and talks to the reporters. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We are going to continue our fight against this judge. We think he is totally conflicted. He is a conflicted judge. As you know, we're going to appeal.(SHOUTING)TRUMP: Has there ever been a judge more conflicted than this one? So we'll see how that all works out.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And he is facing a possible contempt for this gag order that the judge put on the trial. Chaos in the House does not sell for voters. Chaos in the courtroom seemed to play differently. At least Republican voters are seeming to say he's not getting a fair shake.KIGHT: Yes, and Certainly Trump and his campaign views these court appearances as an opportunity to go ahead and campaign even as they say that these court issues are actually stopping them from campaigning, that this is election interference, which has been kind of their go to criticism of all of these cases facing the former president.But he is clearly not afraid to take this head on and use this as an opportunity to kind of both push his ideas around the justice system out to get him, which has been a narrative we have heard for the past several years, and also as an opportunity to just speak directly to the American people.BAIER: You got 10 seconds.CONTINETTI: I want to know what he bought at the bodega?(LAUGHTER)CONTINETTI: Lottery tickets? Maybe a snack? It's that type of creative campaigning that I think will highlight the dual system of justice help Trump with his voters and with independents.BAIER: We'll see. Chris, we'll have you back. Thanks.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, we'll talk with Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Michael Herzog.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.