LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Facebook and Instagram and X, all the comings and goings of "The Angle" there.Thank you for watching and remember, it is America -- sometimes it doesn't seem so, but it's America now and forever.Jesse Watters, he takes it from hereJESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --SCOTT GALLOWAY, PROFESSOR, NYU STERN SCHOOL OF BUSINESS: If I went into the NYU square with a white hood on and said, "Lynch the Blacks" or "Burn the gays." My idea would be shut off by that night.And I would never work in academia again.WATTERS: The US is negotiating with terrorists on American soil.Jon Lovitz is here.("THE WEDDING SINGER" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)JIMMIE MOORE, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Losing his mind. I'm reaping all the benefits.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Today was the first time I've actually been in the same room with Donald Trump and he is definitely a scowler and walks in a gait that is shufflier than you'd think, kind of shuffly waddle.WATTERS: The media treating Trump like a caged animal.("MEET THE FOCKERS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)GREG FOCKER, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: I beg you please, if you make this order go down. I will sit at your feet, and I will serve you for all of eternity . Please, bring the water down.WATTERS: Two million for a toilet and a quarter million for a violinist. Your tax dollars at work.Plus --(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Destroyer of worlds.WATTERS: America's foreign policy has always been a simple one: You're either with us or you're against us.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Every nation in every region now has a decision to make: Either you're with us or you're with the terrorists.From this day forward any nation that continues to harbor or support terrorism will be regarded by the United States as a hostile regime.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Our nation has never bent a knee to terrorists or mobs at home or abroad. When the High Court desegregated schools and a mob descended on the Little Rock Nine, what did Eisenhower do? He sent the 101st First airborne in to the heart of Little Rock .(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DWIGHT EISENHOWER, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: In that city, under the leadership of demagogic extremists, disorderly mobs have deliberately prevented the carrying out of proper orders from a federal court.The interest of the nation and the proper fulfillment of the laws' requirements cannot yield to opposition and demonstrations by some few persons. Mob rule cannot be allowed to override the decisions of our courts.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All week, intimidation and mob rule has been spreading on American campus from coast to coast.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: It's not just what they're doing, it is what they're saying. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTERS chanting "Al-Qassam you make us proud." "Kill another soldier now."PROTESTERS chanting "There is only one solution. Intifada Revolution."(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Jihadi war cries are ringing through the air tonight. And unlike Eisenhower, Biden is not sending in the National Guard.This week, he said there's fine people on both sides. Today, he ran away from the podium.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President. Do you have a message for the protesters on campus?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: No one knows what the White House position is, not even the woman who speaks for the White House. She has no idea.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I mean, look, I can't speak to what's going on, on the ground. I know what UT -- what happened, is just happening now, happening today. So I have no idea on how -- how that's being -- how that's being dealt on the ground.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Calls for a Muslim uprising are piercing the air. Jewish students are being blocked from class and Columbia just went remote for the rest of the semester.Columbia University says they're negotiating with the Arab Spring Breakers. They're asking, would it be okay if you guys packed up your tents and just removed the caliphate from the quad? The United States doesn't negotiate with terrorists.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is how terrorism works and it works on Columbia's campus the same way but it works in Kabul and in Mosul and in Rafah.You start off slow, and you see that you don't have to face any consequences. So you amp up the heat more and more and more, and you amp up the heat, until the other side gets to a breaking point and starts negotiating with you.This is how terrorism works. It works everywhere around the world by scaring you into doing what they want, capitulating into their demands.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: College presidents were just on Capitol Hill telling us that screaming "Kill the Jews" was against school policy, the one who said it wasn't was fired and now, the schools aren't enforcing their own policy. They're negotiating with the students breaking it, because they can't really figure out who's lower on the oppression totem pole, Muslims or Jews.But you don't need a totem pole. You just treat everybody equally. Imagine that. Everybody gets respect, everybody gets protected. Since when do you pay $80,000.00 a year and get classes canceled because students set up a Gaza Strip and bellow out "I am Hamas." You can't yell "I am KKK" all day in the quad while Blacks go to math.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GALLOWAY: I can tell you if I went into the NYU square with a white hood on and said, "Lynch the Blacks" or "Burn the gays," my ID would be shut off by that night. And I would never work in academia again. There would be no need for the words context or nuance. I wouldn't be protected by terms like First Amendment of free speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, if I'm not a Hamas lover, I'm just a pro-Palestinian and everybody in the protest is yelling "Death to Israel." I might pack up and pitch my tent somewhere else.Instead of yanking their IDs and suspending them, politicians are praising them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): I am incredibly moved by your courage and bravery as a student body, in putting your bodies on the line to stand in solidarity to end the genocide that is taking place in Gaza.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, it starts on college campuses and it festers down the chain. And by the way, the Israelis are bombing Gaza and feeding them and delivering them aid, and Americans are giving the Palestinians billions of dollars. These students don't know that because when they arrived on campus, they were ready to be radicalized.A month before this uprising, Columbia hosted a crew of terrorist influencers who endorsed hijacking plants.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Take for example, hijacking airplanes, it was one of the most important tactics that the Palestinian resistance have engaged in.If it wasn't for these tactics, we would never heard of Leila Khaled for example, and other Palestinian women who led these kinds of heroic operations that introduced the Palestinian questions to the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The faculty lit a match, but their brains were tinder boxes since lower school. The propaganda begins in kindergarten.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Today, what we are going to do is we're going to shout "Free Palestine." Can I hear that?CHILDREN shouting "Free Palestine."UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you're a drag queen and you know it, shout --CHILDREN shouting "Free Palestine."UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you're a drag queen and you know it and you really want to show it, if you're a drag queen and you know it shout --CHILDREN shouting "Free Palestine."UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excellent(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, if you're interested in the drag queen mentality, I interviewed one for my book. Not sure if you've heard of "Get It Together," but a whole chapter on it, still on Amazon.Now I don't think drag queens would survive long in Gaza. But they've been grooming little Johnny Jihads to burst into flames first semester, kaboom for quite some time while telling you the real threat is the smirking Catholic kid with a MAGA hat. Remember Nick Sandmann? He was branded America's Most Wanted, the next Unabomber.All he did was stand still.But if you stab a Jew in the eye with a Palestinian flagpole and yell from the river to the sea, politicians call you brave.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: Demonstrations themselves are not something that we, the FBI get involved I, but when violence ensues, that's when we get concerned.When you have threats of violence.LESTER HOLT, NBC NEWS: Are you actively monitoring these protests?WRAY: We don't monitor protests. But we do share intelligence about specific threats of violence.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But hundreds of radicals chant "Death to America" and Chris Wray says they aren't monitored. Did any of these protesters sneak across the southern border? All of this radical jihad for risky countries just Biden let's walk right in, they lose track of them and did they find their way to Arab Spring Break? Kind of coincidence if you ask me that Arab Spring Break just happened to blow up after Biden opened the border to the Muslim world and beyond? I have to take my shoes off when I go to the airport.The Johnny Jihad can just walk from Mexico to Texas, hop on a plane and slip into the crowd on the Columbia quad. FBI is not monitoring that. Anybody checking IDs or is that still racist?Anybody following the money trail on this movement or are we just all tied up looking at Trump's books from 2016?BLM got away with this for three months because no one held them accountable. Same thing is happening here. You've got to stop it before it spreads.Pretend it's like COVID, stop the spread.Let's bring in actor and comedian, Jon Lovitz.Jon, what do you see happening across the country?JON LOVITZ, ACTOR AND COMEDIAN: Well, it's what I was told growing up by my father that the Jews in Germany were German first, and they couldn't believe this was happening, and they didn't believe it. And there's a book called "Night" that Elie Wiesel wrote about the Holocaust and he was 15 years old.And he said, there was a guy in his little village, there was something wrong with him, and he was the village idiot, and just would say crazy stuff and nobody would listen to him.And one day, the guy disappeared for four days and then he popped back up, and he said, his hair was wild and he was screaming. He goes, they are putting all the Jews on trains and, and taking them and killing them and nobody believed him because he was the village idiot.And you hear this growing up, and it is happening again. And I still think a lot of Jewish people are in disbelief. And they go, you're a Jewish- American. I go, no, I'm an American. And I happen to be -- my religion is Jewish, and I happen to be a comedian, but I'm an American citizen and I don't know how this can't be upsetting to everybody.And I also -- I don't understand it, because Israel is a democracy like we are and Israel is our ally. So what don't you get?And secondly, the students on Columbia blocking Jewish kids from going into school, I tweeted something about it because, I mean, I went to college and I can't imagine having to deal with this. I was 18 and I lived in a Fine Arts dorm, and everybody had a different ethnic background -- Chinese. Mexican, African, American, I'm Jewish. We would have dinner together every night, we would roast each other about it.And then I'd say, but it doesn't mean anything. We're starting our lives. You want to be a singer, you want to be a painter, you want to be an actor, I want to be an actor, you know.And I'm thinking these kids are in high school, they worked their butt off to get into a great school like Columbia, and now they have to deal with this and it is horrible. So I said, I wanted to say something to help them, you know, and, and like you said, it's like weeds. If you don't nip it in the bud, it's just going to keep spreading and get worse and worse.And we've seen it get worse and worse.WATTERS: We sure have.LOVITZ: So, I feel compelled to say something.WATTERS: We have seen it get worse as it possibly can be. You heard the gentleman at the top --LOVITZ: It can get way worse.WATTERS: Absolutely. You heard him at the top, say, you know, I couldn't go on campus and burn a cross and chant KKK and prevent Black students from getting the class. Why do you think -- or about anybody -- about transgender people, gay people, women --LOVITZ: Listen --WATTERS: Why is it different with Jewish students?LOVITZ: I don't know. I think people like, you know, who are Jewish, like myself are naive and thought, oh, there's not all this antisemitism. I think it's always been there. It's just coming out.But what you kind of said about, you know, you respect everybody, whatever their religion, whatever their race, you respect everybody. That's what Judaism, the religion is about, it is respecting life and people.And I still think, you know, people have a right to protest peacefully, and they have -- you know, normally you'd get a permit, and then you get a place to protest. I don't know why they're allowed to do it on the school. And I don't know how people that aren't students are just camping out in the middle of the school, they should be like, isn't that trespassing? I don't understand.WATTERS: What I don't understand is you have the president of the United States, you have the White House, they won't even touch this. Do you expect more from the leadership in this country?LOVITZ: All right, yes, I do. Yes, I think anyone doing this against anybody like this should stop it. I mean, preventing students from going to class, it is ridiculous. It happened to a friend of mine.I was speaking to her this morning, she has one kid at Duke University and she has another kid at Cornell. At Duke University months ago, they started doing a protest and they nipped it in the bud and said, no, you can't do that here and they've had no problems since.Cornell didn't and they've had all these problems. Her daughter couldn't go to class. She couldn't take a test. And the teacher wouldn't respond to her and she had trouble retaking it, finally got to, but it's bad.And you know, I don't know why people say why are you speaking up? Why aren't other people in Hollywood who are way bigger names than me not saying anything? And my answer is, I don't know. I think they're either -- they're afraid or they're afraid they're going to lose their -- it will hurt their business.But I feel like it's so bad like how can you not say something? Like you have to and then you know people go, oh, who are you? I go, look, you asked me to come on the show. I'm not out there with a megaphone. You know what I mean? But I appreciate the opportunity to say something.WATTERS: You're being very humble to say there's not a lot of names out there bigger than Jon Lovitz.Jon, thank you so much for joining JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.LOVITZ: Thank you.WATTERS: A dose of truth, very refreshing. We appreciate it.Well, House Speaker Mike Johnson crashed Hamas' spring break at Columbia today and here's how it went.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD shouting "We can't hear you."REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Enjoy your free speech.CROWD chanting "Mike you suck."JOHNSON: Anti-Israel encampments are popping up in universities all across this country.(BOOING)JOHNSON: The Madness has to stop. The Madness has to stop.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Speaker, years ago, Ahmadinejad, the Iranian leader spoke at Columbia University, not a single person shouted him down, yelled "you suck." But you get treated worse than he did. How do you feel about it?JOHNSON: We did our job today. We spoke out.Thanks to Jon Lovitz for letting his voice be heard. I wish more people would. He is exactly right. We have to call this madness out for what it is.It was chaos on that campus. I mean, we were looking out to a sea of students faces with rage. So many of them, Jesse, don't even know what the heck they're talking about.They don't know what Hamas has done. They deny the facts of October 7th. Some of them denied 9/11. I mean, they're out there waving Palestinian Hamas flags, identifying with terrorists and saying "Death to America" on our own soil.The American people are not putting up with this and Congress isn't either.WATTERS: You heard Lovitz say he is seeing the beginning of what could be just a massacre, what he saw in Germany, what we all witnessed there. Do you see the beginning of that? Or is this just people getting out-of- control?JOHNSON: If we don't bring order to this chaos, it could escalate. I mean, clearly, by some estimates, there was a Fox News report a couple of days ago, maybe 200 campuses have some form of this.Columbia stands out because it's one of the great institutions. It has a revered history there and they are trampling all over it. This is not the expression of free speech. It's not the free exchange of ideas in the public square. This is threatening and intimidating Jewish students because of who they are, because of what they believe.We met with a big group of Jewish students before we went to the campus, and they are hiding in fear. They don't go to class. They are afraid they're going to be assaulted.It's not fair to them. Some of them had to had to bring federal lawsuits, Civil Rights violations that are being committed there. And taxpayer dollars should not be going to institutions that are engaging in this kind of nonsense.If you're an administrator on a university campus, your number one job, the first and most obvious is the safety and security of your students. If you can't guarantee that, we need to find somebody who can.WATTERS: Yes, a lot of taxpayer money going to a lot of places. Joe Biden just signed a big package of aid that's going overseas. A lot of Republicans mad at you, Speaker. They're very, very angry at you. They said you betrayed them.JOHNSON: It's nonsense. Listen, we're dealing with the smallest majority in US history. I have a one-vote margin. Some people are upset that we didn't have border on the foreign aid bill. We fought all the way to the very end to do that. We've been fighting for the border every single day. We passed HR 2. It has been sitting on Chuck Schumer's desk for a year.The truth of the matter is, Jesse, it wouldn't matter if even if we did get that signed into law, the president is not going to enforce it. We impeached Mayorkas, we passed resolutions. We have to have an election to have a president who will shut that border down.WATTERS: Right. I think the frustration is you have the majority in the House of Representatives and Democrats are getting whatever they want. Schumer gets what he wants. Biden gets what he wants and the Republicans in the House get nothing.JOHNSON: Well, that's not true. We don't have a functioning majority. When you can only lose one vote, if one person has a different idea. We don't.WATTERS: So it's like a coalition government.JOHNSON: No, we're trying to prevent that we're trying to keep the Republicans working together and we've gotten better policy, better process, and we're getting things done, but it's very difficult when very individualistic, individual-minded Republicans don't want to move together as a bloc.So --WATTERS: You have Marjorie Taylor Greene.JOHNSON: I'm not going to name any names, Jesse. You know who they are.WATTERS: Do you have nightmares about her?JOHNSON: No, I don't. I don't think about her at all. Listen, some of my colleagues want us to throw a Hail Mary pass on every play. It's not a game-winning strategy. Right now, when you have this margin, it is three yards and a cloud of dust. Right? We get the next first down, we put points on the board and we get to November and we take back and grow the majority in the House.WATTERS: All right, well, I do not envy your job. That's a tough spot. Speaker, thank you so much.JOHNSON: Thanks. Thanks for having me.WATTERS: San Francisco's $2 million toilet has arrived.And new details about Joel, the violinist.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: In 1933, King Kong came out and shook the country. It was a story of a dangerous beast, ripped from an uncharted island to the heart of Manhattan. The people feared Kong, but they were also fascinated by him.They chained him up, put him on stage and sold tickets to the spectacle.This week we're seeing King Kong come to life. Democrats took the monster they fear most, Trump, and locked him up in a New York court. To them, he is a caged animal.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARA GAY, MSNBC ANALYST: Essentially, he's like a caged animal. And that's a dangerous situation. He's feeling very threatened. He's out of control. And so we do expect him to lash out.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Tickets are going fast to the trial of the century and TV anchors get first dibs.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: Thanks to everybody at NBC who made it possible for me to get in the courtroom today. I realize this is a hot ticket.I would say seeing him go up and down the aisle. I was sitting on the aisle and seeing him walk right past me in the aisle, in and out of the courtroom several times including the recess. I would say that he seems thinner than I have seen him in the past.He seems considerably older and he seems annoyed. Resigned, maybe angry.REID: Today was the first time I've actually been in the same room with Donald Trump. He is taller than you might expect. And walks in a gait that is shufflier than you'd think, kind of shuffly waddle, and he's definitely a scowler.I can also confirm, he has a strangely orange hue, and whoever does his hair, masks the thinning in the back and on top with some deft cantilevering.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Is Trump a defendant or a gorilla at a county fair? They're studying him like an anthropologist taking notes on the color of his hair, his gait, his posture, his weight, poking him through the bars to see how he reacts.Oh, he looked me in the eyes. He's getting sleepy. Oh, watch, kids, watch. What is this? The Bronx Zoo. They're treating courtroom sketches like wildlife artists.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELIZABETH WILLIAMS, COURTROOM SKETCH ARTIST: But Donald Trump looked at him as he walked in and he walked in between the defense table and the prosecution table and took the stand. And from that time, he was razor focused. You can see he's sitting up on almost on the edge of his seat.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Oh, the edge of his seat, really? If you've noticed what's missing from this trial's coverage, it is actual legal analysis.They can't even tell us what the crime is. The prosecutor hasn't even told us what the crime is. No one is even wrestling with whether he broke the law. They're just dumbstruck that they actually trapped him.Let's be honest, Trump's a slippery little sucker. He's wriggled out of bankruptcy, Access Hollywood, the Russia hoax, two impeachments, Jan 6.He beat Hillary. The only reason he lost to Biden was because of COVID and the Feds. And the second he announced he was running for president, he said, we can't beat this guy, so they charged him with 91 crimes. And now that they have him in a cage, they're terrified that he might get out and beat him again.They are gazing all at him because to them, he's superhuman. Half man, half beast. He eats they're baits, the Rust Belt. He's invincible to their hoaxes.Politics failed, their only option, incarceration.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LADORIS CORDELL, RETIRED JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA: The fine is not going to deter, but incarceration will. If I were the trial judge, yes, I would impose jail.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If Donald Trump continues to attack jurors and/or witnesses or even court personnel, then the judge will really have no choice but to incarcerate him, that could be for an afternoon or overnight.NICK AKERMAN, FORMER ASSISTANT SPECIAL WATERGATE PROSECUTOR: I would give him two weeks of home confinement with an ankle bracelet. If he's a good boy in those two weeks and he doesn't violate the gag order, we can take off the ankle bracelet.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Jail him, gag him, fine him, just don't let him out.This case is just a temporary cage because even "The New York Times" knows it's baloney. I thought the Bragg case against Trump was a legal embarrassment. Now, I think it's a historic mistake -- that was in "The New York Times."Nothing illegal about a lawyer paying an extortionist and marking it down as legal fees, everybody knows that. And that's why Trump is beating Biden and six out of the seven swing states.Nationally, Trump is up six, that is a huge lead. Biden might be able to campaign freely, but what good does that do? He's been a politician for 50 years and reads a teleprompter like Ron Burgundy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Folks, imagine what we could do next -- four more years -- Pause.(PEOPLE chanting "Four more years.")(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Clay Travis is the founder of outkick.com. Pause.CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: What an imbecile. I mean, he is, it's "Weekend at Bernie's 2" I can't believe "Weekend at Bernie's" worked. It's like that -- did you see the viral video of the woman in Brazil who took the dead man in to try to sign on that loan with her?WATTERS: Yes.TRAVIS: That's basically what Democrats are doing every single week. I've got an idea for you, Jesse. I'm curious how you would respond to this.Tomorrow in theory, we have the continued ridiculousness of the New York City trial. What if Trump didn't show up, instead went to Columbia University there. I know, you just talked with Mike Johnson. But what if Trump went out and said, hey, I'm standing 100 percent with Israel. I'm standing against antisemitism, while they're trying to put me in prison for a sham trial. I want every single media member to follow me to Columbia, and I want you to see what true danger looks like.If you want to put me in prison or jail for a short period of time for defying your kangaroo court, so be it. I don't think they'll actually do it. And Jesse, I think if they did, Trump's overall approval and his support would skyrocket.I don't think they have the stones to do it, but can you imagine how they would have to cover on MSNBC the protest at Columbia, the fact that Donald Trump, the man they tried to claim was Hitler has come out stronger in support of Jewish people around the world than Joe Biden could ever dream of.He would paint Biden into a corner, but morally, most importantly, he would be on the right side. I think it's time for Trump to up the ante to call out their BS and to dare them to actually do what they claim they'll do. I don't think they'll do it. I think he could score a knockout.WATTERS: It might be more dangerous for Trump to go to Columbia than for Trump to go to jail, in a New York City jail, but that's another story.When you see Rachel Maddow, Joy Reid, and all of these reporters flock to this courthouse to the trial of the century, not offering any legal analysis, saying how tall he is, how he is walking, if he's angry, if he makes eye contact. They're treating him like a caged animal because they're terrified of him.TRAVIS: Yes, look, I want Joy Reid fired for cultural appropriation because she stole Donald Trump's hairstyle. I mean, everybody talks about what you can and can't wear, the woman analyzed Donald Trump's hair. How is the immediate response not you dream of him so much, you've stolen his hairstyle, Joy.I mean, this is racism that is beyond the pale here. I don't know how we can even stand for this, Jesse. But yes, you're right, Maddow is making $30 million a year to show up once a week. Joy Reid, remember, she wrote all the homophobic stuff on their website and then claimed that there were time travelers who went back and actually wrote it instead of her.The entire network at MSNBC is filled with imbeciles and they won't even acknowledge what you and I talked about last week. This is a bogus case, it is total garbage. There is no truth at all to the case.WATTERS: Right. Right. How dare you? Joy Reid was hacked. She was hacked. How dare -- the FBI is still looking into it and they're going to get to the bottom of it.TRAVIS: Time travelers.WATTERS: Yes, time travelers.TRAVIS: Yes.WATTERS: All right, just like blazer --TRAVIS: Maybe she and O.J. can get together in heaven and find the true criminals one day.WATTERS: That's right, you and Joy Reid -- both from another generation. Thank you so much.TRAVIS: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Kamala's Secret Service agent freaks out. They had to put him in handcuffs. That story ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Fox News Alert: One of Kamala's Secret Service agents reportedly had a mental breakdown. The agent reportedly started a fight with other agents in the unit. The incident occurred at Monday at Joint Base Andrews.Agents were getting ready for Kamala to take off. According to "The Washington Examiner," one of Kamala agents freaked out and then got aggressive and eventually a fight broke out.Things got so bad that the agent had to be handcuffed and removed from service. They were taken for a medical evaluation.This isn't the first episode involving Kamala's detail though. In 2022, Kamala's motorcade was involved in a car accident. Her SUV was partially airborne, but they first reported the incident as a "just a mechanical failure."So maybe this fight was more like a Royal Rumble. PRIMETIME will keep you updated as we learn more.Yesterday, PRIMETIME introduce you to Joel, the violinist. The man who went to school for nine years, only to learn that playing the fiddle wouldn't cover his student loans. So Joel told Business Insider he had to make a choice, quit music and get a real job or just let his debt stack up. Easy decision, Joel kept jamming, throwing the majority of his debt into forbearance and then just paying the bare minimum for 20 years. He racked up a quarter million dollar debt. That was until Biden took your tax dollars and paid it off.But music isn't the only thing that drives Joel. He loves meditation. And now he says he's got his financial freedom and he wants to fund important long term goals like studying meditation in India.Biden's America has become Neverland. People don't have to grow up. The audience not having it. You guys texted us. I would say you're frustrated. You're paying for Joel to downward dog across the world. So we had to dig deeper into who this is and what he's really doing with our money.For starters, Joel's tunes or DEI. His concerts focus on underrepresented artists and he has got more musical talents than just violin. He says: "I can booty pop. I'm no Beyonce, but I can do it. Not joking." So don't worry America, your money is in good hands.Adam Carolla, host of "The Adam Carolla Show" joins me now. Do you think this is funny? Or does this kind of make you angry, Carolla?ADAM CAROLLA, COMEDIAN: Well, everything is funny on a sort of individual level, but when it gets into millions and millions of people, and it cost us the taxpayers money, then it's not funny anymore.So like the town drunk is funny, but 50,000 drunk people in your town isn't funny.WATTERS: What about if they just want to downward dog? Because you'd think if after someone wiped out a quarter million in debt that you haven't paid in two decades, you might want to say cool, I'm clean. I got my feet under me. You don't think I'm going to go back to school for of all things meditation?CAROLLA: Well, the thing about playing the fiddle is you can go on any street corner at any mall and pull the fiddle out and take your hat and pass it around and probably make 85 bucks cash a day in this man's world.So number one, you can go out and physically make money. You don't have to get an invitation to the Philharmonic. You can go out and hit the streets and make money.But this is really just Biden buying votes, which is really sad and kind of pathetic. You know, he's been told by the Supreme Court that he couldn't do this. And he doesn't care if he can do it or not and he wants to get the message out because he is literally buying votes.WATTERS: Do you think that Joel actually uses that hat that he is wearing right now to put on the cement for people to put money when he plays his little fiddle?CAROLLA: I don't know what kind of hat he is wearing. I'm assuming it's not a Yamaoka because no Jewish parent would put up with this.WATTERS: But he can booty pop, let's not forget, maybe he is more than just what?All right, we're going to also tell you something else about some taxpayer money that's been wasted. The San Francisco $2 million toilet and it looks like they left the seat up. So ladies, go get them.Good news though, the $2 million toilet only costed like 200 grand because construction companies donated the materials. It's ecofriendly, carbon neutral, and for a prison toilet it has got a changing table and a sink.Adam, would you go in there?CAROLLA: Well, I mean, no one's going to go in there and use it. They're just going to go in there and get high. I mean, because this is the Bay Area. They're going to use that changing table to place the cut up lines of coke, or, you know, mix their fentanyl with their baby laxative before they come out and put it in a balloon and sell it.So it will be utilized by the local homeless gentry. I promise you that. But all joking aside, California, I live in California. We're way over regulated in California. I just sold my house. I had to look at 84 pages of paperwork for the new sale yesterday.Ten years ago, that was like seven pages of paperwork and one of the pieces of paper. It said, have you ever vaped inside your own house? I had to sign off that said I hadn't vaped inside my own house. That's California. That's regulation. That's why everyone is moving to Texas.WATTERS: All right, where are you moving?CAROLLA: I'm moving to Nevada.WATTERS: Attaboy. All right, Nevada, watch out, Carolla is coming.Thanks, Adam.CAROLLA: Thank you.WATTERS: Airports are now racist. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Watters' Cooler. Let's bring in host to "Fox News Saturday Night," Jimmy Failla.Did I get that right?JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You nailed it. Watters, he is hot.WATTERS: First take.FAILLA: First artificial intelligence brand chips and now robo flame throwing dogs. A flame thrower company in Ohio just showcased its fire- spitting machine. And it's as terrifying as you'd think.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Now I've become Death, the destroyer of worlds.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: You should see when it has to take a leak.FAILLA: You know what? I actually liked this for one reason, you know, people used to get upset like that Trump didn't have a pet in the White House. I want him to get this.Trump's like, you want me to get a dog.WATTERS: That's good. That's true.FAILLA: I've got a dog.WATTERS: He is a dog guy now.FAILLA: Could this be any more dangerous than Commander or the dog?WATTERS: Jim Acosta.FAILLA: There. Acosta, come grab my dog. I am pro this. I like this.WATTERS: That's right. All right, airports are now racist, Jimmy. CLEAR, you know, the thing you pay to cut the line. It's not equitable enough, so California wants to ban it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOSH NEWMAN (D), CALIFORNIA STATE SENATOR: All clear really does is it moves me in front of you and we get to the same place in front of the conveyor belt. Only by then you're mad. The TSA agents are all stressed out, and I paid $189.00 because I think I'm better than you.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Yes, we should all suffer.FAILLA: Yes, thank you. But here's the other problem. California, wheels are falling off planes in your state right now. Doors are blowing off planes.The idea that we need equity on the airport line, I'd settle for a wheel on the plane regardless of the length of the line. But you know, the deal with CLEAR.WATTERS: Yes.FAILLA: Okay, first of all, it's not faster anymore.WATTERS: No.FAILLA: Because it's gotten so popular, it is understaffed, but the reason we took CLEAR was not because of class warfare. It's because we're in a rush and we didn't mind selling our biometric data, because we're stupid people.Scroll to the bottom and click "I agree."WATTERS: Take my data. It's yours. Just get me to the lounge.FAILLA: Yes, but it is actually racist to say it's racist because you're saying only White people have $100.00. That's racist.WATTERS: I used to think CLEAR was great when I had it and people like Jimmy got into it and then I was like, they need a better line now.FAILLA: By that time, everyone's at the restaurant, it's not cool anymore. I get it.WATTERS: All right, now people always told me that if I didn't go to college, I'd be working at a Wendy's drive-thru. Well, working at a fast food joint doesn't seem to be an option anymore, because places like Wendy's are using AI to take orders.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DIGITAL VOICE: Welcome to Wendy's. What would you like?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can I have a chocolate frosty?DIGITAL VOICE: What size for the chocolate frosty?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Medium.DIGITAL VOICE: Can I get you anything else today?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: You like that?FAILLA: Listen, for a guy like me, I actually -- you know, it's bad for the worker, it is good for me because I order so much at a Wendy's drive-thru, I don't want to look a human in the face.I'd be like, I've got five spicy chicken sandwiches, a fry. Like the fact that I get the past the shame on this one I like.WATTERS: Okay.FAILLA: But yes, Gavin Newsom , thank you very much. Because you know what this is the end result of.WATTERS: All right. Thank you, Gavin Newsom. Thank you, Jimmy, the Ratings Fairy.FAILLA: Oh, Washington Correspondents' Dinner. The White House Correspondents' Dinner. Saturday night.WATTERS: They will be doing it live.FAILLA: Live.WATTERS: Doing it. What is it again?FAILLA: Hey, girl, I'll be hosting the show right there on the red carpet.WATTERS: That's right. Thanks, Jimmy.FAILLA: Bang.WATTERS: More PRIMETIME ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: My eye has been bothering me. I'm getting these like twitches in my right upper eyelid. I thought for a second it was because it was looking at my phone too much, but I've been swearing off my phone and it's still twitching. If anybody has any home remedies, you know, pollens, ointments? Tricks? Standing upside down and drinking water to get rid of hiccups, that kind of stuff. Washing the gum out of your hair with peanut butter, that kind of stuff. Old wives tales. Text me. Got my twitch.Bobby from Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania: America, Lovitz or Leave itz.Barry from West Virginia: Start calling the campus Jihad a school board meeting and the Feds will be there within the hour.Can you believe Chris Wray? We don't monitor protests. I think you do.John from North Carolina: Think about it. Biden is making us pay Johnny Jihad's tuition.Paul from Iowa: I think saying Johnny Jihad is not fair to Johnny.I actually think it's quite the compliment.Renee from Connecticut: Joy Reid thinks Trump shuffles across the floor and what? Joe Biden's Fred Astaire?John from Florida: So Trump can't call illegal killers animals, but they can call him an animal. Make it make sense.Could some of these people texting write for this show? Because this is gold, baby.Mark from Arizona: Ten of those toilets would be worth as much as Mar-a- Lago.Becky, from Tempe, Arizona: It's dangerous to do the cold plunge for more than three minutes.Tell that to Jesse Watters and the Navy SEALs.Tony from Brown City, Michigan: Hey Jesse, imagine how this could sound I'm Watters, pause, and this is my world.That's it for tonight. DVR the show. And always remember, I'm Watters, pause, and this is my world.