JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I wonder -- I wonder what its --RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: But God blessed him.PIRRO: What that was feet look like?FOWLER: I don't want to know.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh.FOWLER: He needs a pedicure. I can guarantee it.PERINO: Well, that's one way -- that's one way to travel.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: I mean, I don't know if I would recommend it, but I would recommend watching us tomorrow. We will be here. Thanks. That's it for us, everybody. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hey, dana, love the packets. I love penguins. Thanks.PIRRO: Hello.PERINO: I do too. O love them. Have a good night.BAIER: All right. Good evening. I'm Bret Bear."BREAKING TONIGHT" growing concern over congressional opposition to an extension of a key counterterrorism tool, some lawmakers want big changes before approving the reauthorization bill for FISA that allows surveillance of individuals out of this country.This comes as the head of the FBI issues a dire warning about the consequences of such action and talks about the serious threats now facing the U.S.We have "FOX TEAM COVERAGE", Chat Pergram on Capitol Hill as multiple lawmakers tell Fox there is a new plan in the House to get FISA reauthorization done as soon as tomorrow ahead of a meeting between the House speaker and presumptive Republican nominee, former President Donald Trump.But we'll begin with correspondent David Spunt, live at the Justice Department tonight. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. FBI director, Christopher Wray, chooses his words carefully. And hours ago, he made it clear the threat level to the United States is the highest he's ever seen in his professional career.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION: Now, increasingly concerning is the potential for a coordinated attack here in the homeland, akin to the ISIS-K attack we saw at the Russia concert hall just a couple of weeks ago.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you --SPUNT (voice over): Wray is pushing members of Congress to reauthorize FISA, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, specifically, Section 702. It allows the Intel agencies to collect communications of foreign people overseas without a warrant. And it is possible someone in the United States could get swept up in that collection, if that person in the U.S. is talking to a suspected person overseas.WRAY: 702 is crucial to our ability to warn and protect our critical infrastructure from hackers in the China, in Russia, Iran, including cyber threats to our electricity, our water, our hospitals.SPUNT (voice over): Some Republicans and Democrats are joining together and pushing to reform section 702. They want a warrant to be required when it involves data collection of someone in the United States, who may be talking to someone overseas.There were more than 200,000 abuses of FISA over several years. But those secured -- occurred before reforms were put in place in 2021. Wray touted some of those reforms, like lowering the number of people in the FBI who can make the queries, but some Republicans today were not convinced.REP. MIKE GARCIA (R-CA): I don't trust you. I don't think that this is necessarily a funding problem that we have for your -- for your agencies as much as a leadership problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)SPUNT (on camera): Wray also warned about the threat from China multiple times. He said, of the communist government there, "is sparing no expense in its quest to hack, lie, cheat, and steal its way to the top as a global superpower."He previously said the bureau opens a counterintelligence investigation on China roughly every 12 hours. Bret?BAIER: David Spunt, at the Justice Department. David, thanks.Embattled House Speaker Mike Johnson talks to Fox News about tomorrow's meeting and news conference with former President Donald Trump. That comes as GOP lawmakers remain divided over aid to Ukraine and salvaging the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act bill.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram is on Capitol Hill tonight with the latest. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, the House is writing a plan for a two-year FISA extension. They want to vote on the bill tomorrow before House Speaker Mike Johnson meets with Trump.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (voice over): House Speaker Mike Johnson hoping an appearance with former President Trump casts him a lifeline. Johnson's job could be in jeopardy as he stymied by his own party on two major issues.Can you help -- I think you can help us give something on Ukraine or also on the FISA bill?REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): We have a lot of things to discuss, talk to him frequently. And so, I'm looking forward to seeing him in person.PERGRAM: The former president and Johnson will tout a bill focused on preventing illegal immigrants from voting. Mr. Trump just undercut Johnson's FISA reform bill this week, even though he signed a renewal of the controversial program into law in 2018.Democrats believe the former president paralyses the Speaker.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): The extreme MAGA Republicans are taking orders from their puppet master down to Mar-a-Lago.PERGRAM (voice over): Conservatives blasted Johnson's original FISA reform plan for not going far enough.Did Johnson step in this by putting this on the floor or trying to go this route?REP. WARREN DAVIDSON (R-OH): Yes, I think he made a big mistake.That creates a lot of bad faith.JOHNSON: Subject to a call on Kyiv.PERGRAM: Johnson planned a Ukraine bill for next week, but nothing is ready.REP. BRAD SCHNEIDER (D-IL): Speaker Johnson needs to put his foot down.PERGRAM: Could that cost him his job?SCHNEIDER: If I were in his shoes, I'd be willing to risk my job for the security of our country.PERGRAM (voice over): Marjorie Taylor Greene threatened to oust the Speaker if he aids Ukraine.But an unlikely ally could salvage Johnson.JEFFRIES: That I believe that there are a reasonable number of Democrats who would not want to see the Speaker fall as a result of doing the right thing.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The GOP is OK with a two-year extension of FISA. That's because members hope Trump is in the White House when it needs reauthorization. Bret.BAIER: We'll talk to new appropriations committee chair a little bit later, Tom Cole. Chad, thanks.There is increasing speculation tonight about possible Iranian retaliation against Israel over an attack that killed one of the Islamic Republic's top military leaders.Tonight, the Biden administration is walking a fine line, between supporting Israel and criticizing its execution of the war on Hamas.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has that story tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.The White House sent the CENTCOM commander to Israel today in a show of support and the defense secretary spoke to his Israeli counterpart by phone.But the U.S. is not publicly revealing any plans to jointly respond to the expected Iranian attack on its ally.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you have a message for Iran, Mr. President?HEINRICH (voice over): The U.S. is not spelling out consequences if Iran follows through with an expected strike in Israel.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Well, I don't want to get into hypotheticals here.HEINRICH (voice over): Although, President Biden shared support for Israel's security publicly, officials won't describe any direct communications with Iran.HEINRICH: Did the administration send a direct warning to Iran not to attack Israel?JEAN-PIERRE: I'm just not going to go into back and forth publicly.HEINRICH (voice over): At the state department, Secretary Blinken is making lots of calls to other countries.MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: Foreign counterparts, including Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, and Saudi Foreign Minister Faisal bin Farhan to make clear that escalation is not in anyone's interest, and that countries should urge Iran not to escalate.HEINRICH (voice over): As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu makes this vow.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (through translator): Whoever hurts us, we hurt him.HEINRICH (voice over): Iran Supreme Leader vowed to retaliate against Israel for a strike in Syria that killed two Iranian generals. Israel has not taken responsibility for that attack.AYATOLLAH ALI KHAMENEI, SUPREME LEADER OF IRAN (through translator): The wicked regime of Israel made a mistake in this case. It must be punished and it will be punished.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Tonight, the streets of Tel Aviv are quiet. But Israeli forces are on high alert, bracing for the possibility of a direct attack from Iran or its proxies.HEINRICH (voice over): But at the White House, public criticism of Israel's conduct in Gaza also continues after Biden said Netanyahu is making a mistake.JEAN-PIERRE: Unfortunately, we've seen more than 200 of humanitarian aid workers die, and that is something we do not want to continue to see.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): President Biden's Israel messaging has been very mixed. Even though he said yesterday, U.S. support for Israel's security is ironclad, last week, he threatened to change U.S. policy toward Israel if Israel doesn't take immediate steps to address the disaster in Gaza. Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich, live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thank you.We're getting additional reaction tonight to the worse than expected report on inflation.Some experts are now predicting the Federal Reserve may actually increase its key interest rate instead of cutting it. Fox Business correspondent Grady Trimble is here to tell us what that could mean for the U.S. economy.GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Tonight, the nation's debt continues to climb, rising at a clip of around a trillion dollars every 100 dates on track to spend $870 billion on interest payments alone this year. That's more than the United States spends on defense.SEN. JOHN CORNYN (R-TX): This is what happens when you spend trillions of dollars unnecessarily. It's like putting gasoline on the fire. The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates, as we all know, which has made buying almost everything, including housing much more expensive.TRIMBLE: Higher interest rates also make borrowing more expensive for the U.S. government. Fueling the soaring debt and boosting the federal deficit.That deficit, the gap between money coming into the government's coffers and money going out expected in 10 years to hit $2.6 trillion.And even as inflation ticks up for the third month in a row, President Biden is forecasting lower interest rates soon.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I do stand by my prediction that before the year is out to be a rate cut. This may delay in a month or so, I'm not sure with that.TRIMBLE: But the former treasury secretary under President Clinton, Larry Summers, says there is a sea serious possibility the Fed's next move is a hike. Some economists say that's what it should do.E.J. ANTONI, RESEARCH FELLOW, HERITAGE FOUNDATION: The Fed never should have stopped increasing rates, because inflation has never been trending towards two percent. It has been trending towards three percent plus. We have arrived there, we've been there for months, and there is no indication we are going any lower anytime soon.TRIMBLE: Not all hope is lost for a rate cut at the Fed's June meeting. But right now, Wall Street is betting it's more likely to happen in September or maybe even after the election.That's largely going to depend on which way inflation goes between now and the summer months. Bret?BAIER: Grady, thanks.Stocks mixed today. The Dow loss two. The S&P 500 was up 38. The NASDAQ jumped 272 to a new record close today.Up next, the death of a man who went from fame and fortune to infamy.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 13 in Tampa as much of Florida braces for thunderstorms. Warnings have been issued for several counties. The line of storms has already dumped rain on Tallahassee leading to flash flood warnings there.The station's meteorologist expects a slight chance of severe weather north of Tampa, marginal risk south of the city.Fox 45 in Baltimore as new sonar images released by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers capture the sunken remains of the Francis Scott Key Bridge. The agency says bridge wreckage is in the deepest part of the federal shipping channel in and out of the Port of Baltimore.A cargo ship hit one of the bridges support pillars, March 26, causing that bridge to collapse.And this is a live look at Nashville. One of the big stories there tonight from FOX17, our affiliate. A Tennessee Girl Scout troop uses its hard- earned cookie money to fund a microchip scanner for lost pets.Troop 1255 from Brentwood came up with the idea two years ago. The scanner was installed at a library. A second station is now at an animal center.Congratulations. Put my cookie money to good use. That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The former longtime interpreter for Los Angeles Dodgers Star Shohei Ohtani. Otani is being charged with federal bank fraud for crimes involving gambling debts and theft of millions of dollars from the player. Federal authorities say Ippei Mizuhara stole more than $16 million from Otani's bank accounts to pay for his own sports betting and lied to the bank to access those funds.Ms. Mizuhara was fired by the Dodgers after the scandal surfaced. Major League Baseball is conducting its own separate investigation.Breaking tonight, the complicated life of a football icon who became a T.V. and movie star and then a national pariah has ended. O.J. Simpson has died at 76 years old after a battle with prostate cancer. Simpson's grid iron and entertainment legacy was forever overshadowed by the accusations that he killed his former wife and her friend and the ensuing trials that captivated and divided a nation.National correspondent William La Jeunesse has our story from Los Angeles.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)O.J. SIMPSON, FORMER COLLEGE AND PROFESSIONAL GRIDIRON FOOTBALL STAR: I did not, could not and would not have committed this crime.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Analysts called it the trial of the century, football hero media superstar O.J. Simpson accused of murder.DET TOM LANGE, LOS ANGELES POLICE: Both victims were killed in a similar manner. Slashing and stabbing wounds.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): Simpson's dream team of attorneys kept the nation on edge.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If it doesn't fit. You must acquit.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): The drama lasting months, 100 million viewers waiting for a verdict.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant Orenthal James Simpson not guilty of a crime of murder.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): But the damage was done. 83 percent of whites, 57 percent of blacks believe Simpson murdered ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and friend Ron Goldman.It follow this infamous car chase on a California freeway and a mug shot that shocked the nation. Simpson was later found liable in a civil case in order to pay $33 million, most of which was never paid, despite a generous NFL pension. And his book If I Did It.Before his fall from grace, Simpson captivated America on the football field. First at USC where he won the Heisman, then with the Buffalo Bills becoming the first running back to break 2000 yards in a single season.After football, the charismatic Simpson jumped to broadcasting, commercials and film, but many failed Simpson found justice in 2008 when he was convicted of felony, kidnapping and armed robbery in Nevada, where he served nine years in prison.SIMPSON: Hey, Twitter world, it's yours, truly.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): Simpson spent his final years in Las Vegas frequently posting videos on X and his last post February 11th, he said he was feeling fine.SIMPSON: My health is good. I mean, obviously, I'm dealing with some issues. But I think I'm just about over it.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): O.J. Simpson died of cancer, he was 76.In Los Angeles, William La Jeunesse. Fox News.(END VIDEOTAPE)BAIER: William, thank you. Let's get some perspective from sportscaster Jim Gray, who joins us tonight from the Double Eagle club in Augusta, Georgia as the Masters gets underway. Good evening, Jim, I want to talk to you about day one at the Masters.But first, I'd love to get your thoughts on the death of O.J. Simpson obviously, a majorly controversial figure, as I said, captivated and divided the nation in those trials.JIM GRAY, SPORTSCASTER: Well, it sure did. And when you think, Bret, about the heights that this guys rose to, he was -- he was Arnold Palmer. He was a megastar in the beginning of a television age. Everywhere he went, he was greeted with cheers and adulation. He had a smile. He was in Hertz commercials. He was running through airports. He was all American and a great player, Heisman Trophy winner at USC, just kind of captivated the sports world and went on to have a great announcing career.And then of course, his life took a very disturbing and despicable turn with the accusation, acquitted in criminal court and then convicted in a civil court.So, it's an inexplicable life, really, from the hype that he achieved for all of the talent that he had to where he ended up. It's inexplicable.BAIER: Yes, we'll leave it with this, the Goldman statement -- Goldman family statement today, the only thing I have to say is that today is just a further reminder of how long we have missed my son, how long he's been gone, and the only thing that's important today are the victims. That's Fred Goldman, Ron's father.I want to turn to something happier, and that is the start of the Masters. This morning, the little -- a little delayed, but you saw the honorary tee off by Jack Nicklaus. And Tom Watson and Gary Player and just seeing that every year just for golfers especially gives you -- gives you goose bumps. Started a little bit late because of a rocky weather start, right?GRAY: A 2-1/2 hours late but it's always great to see the Golden Bear. Of course, who will forget all the way back in 1986 when he won in age 46. Had a chance to spend some time with him yesterday, he's still sharp as heck. He's still doing really good and he's going to have his tournament coming up at the memorial.But just to see him out there brings back so many great memories. Yes, it was 2-1/2 hours late. But Bryson DeChambeau who has jumped over to the LIV Tour came out today, shot a seven under par 65. Eight birdies, one bogey. Right now he leads Scottie Scheffler who is the tournament's favorite coming into the tournament he won a couple of years ago here. He's playing the 18th hole right now and he's six under par. So, just one stroke behind.But after that rain cleared out, it's been windy this afternoon, but the greens are firming up again, they had a half inch of rain, Bret, but it's getting tough. The conditions have been pretty tough this afternoon for the guys and right now, Tiger Woods through the seventh hole. All eyes are on Tiger Woods as he tries to play in this tournament after leaving the Genesis open at Riviera, he had the flu. So, really, his first tournament of the year and he's even par right now.BAIER: Yes, it's amazing to watch him competing after all he's been through. We saw the picture of Bryson DeChambeau, who had an amazing round today.There is still that tension between the PGA and the LIV players. Although after a number of majors, the LIV players are holding their own each time.GRAY: Well, they sure are, I mean, they have -- they have 13 players in this tournament. And they have some of the top players in the top 20, a number of them. So you know they're a force to be reckoned with.Obviously, LIV is not going to go away. They're trying to figure out a deal, how to get along how to coexist, how to come together on some type of merger. There's really no progress that's reported of any substance that looks like this is going to come to an end anytime soon.But obviously, that's the hope because the disintegration of the PGA Tour and what LIV has done has not been good for golf, ratings have been down.But this is a week right here at Augusta National that everybody celebrates, this is the best week in golf. It's the best run, best organized event that our country puts on. And it's in an international park and it's just beautiful.So, hopefully everybody will put aside the differences that they're having in golf and come together and have a great tournament here.BAIER: Next year, we'll do the interview in person again. John Rahm the defending champion went over to LIV, he made that announcement Jim right here on SPECIAL REPORT. So, golf is always a little bit in this show somewhere. We appreciate the time.GRAY: Absolutely. We miss you here, Bret. Come on. Let's go, get back down here.BAIER: You bet. GRAY: A tradition unlike any --BAIER: Up next -- that's right. That's right.Up next, we talked to the new chairman of the House Appropriations Committee and later, the State Department's new diversity officers past comments raising eyebrows today.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Marjorie is frustrated by the last appropriations package and spending bills and you know what, so am I.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): He said that going forward, there's a plan in place with Tom Cole, he's the new chair of apropes to pass these 12 separate appropriation bills. Before the government deadline past behavior is expectations of future behavior from our speaker of the House and he is the leader, so why would we expect?(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, a contentious time on Capitol Hill. Joining us now is Oklahoma Republican Congressman Tom Cole who recently ascended to the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. Mr. Chairman, thanks for being on.REP. TOM COLE, (R-OK) CHAIRMAN, HOUSE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE: Bret, thanks for having me.BAIER: So I assume I should say congratulations.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: You were unopposed. You got all of the votes. You're unanimous. However, it's a little chaotic up there about how to go through all of this, including getting spending packages through. How do you see it?COLE: Well, there's no question, both contentious time, very narrow majority. And obviously we have a late start. It took us a long time to get the bill for fiscal year 24 through. So we are starting behind the eight- ball a little bit. But look, I have a lot of confidence in my economy. We got all the bills out last time.BAIER: Mr. Chairman, "The Nebraska Examiner" said this Tuesday, "Cole said he expects that Congress will need to rely on a stopgap spending bill in September to keep the federal government running through Election Day and that whoever wins those contests will decide when lawmakers wrap up their annual process." So is that what you think?COLE: In terms of regular order, no. I mean, it starts at the committee level. We'll do that. We basically have been doing that. We can't control what the Senate side does, whether they will have bills ready. It's pretty traditional, honestly, and it has been for a long time to push these bills in an election year to the other side, and the winner basically decides if you want to finish in the calendar year or do you want to do something I do not favor ever doing, and that's let the bills move into the next year. But it's very challenging.Now, my friends talk about spending, I agree. They all usually don't know or forget that the appropriations committee held spending flat for 10 years, from FY 2010 to 19 under Republican control. The problem is you got to talk about entitlement spending. That's where the real increases are coming.BAIER: Don't you need a top line number, though?COLE: I do. The sooner the better. We have a rough idea. Obviously, the Fiscal Responsibility Act that passed a strong bipartisan thing. There are disputes about what was in that deal. There were so-called, quote-unquote, side deals. So those have to be fought at the leadership level. But we will operate by the number that we are given by our leadership and our budget committee. I think that's going to be coming in short order.And, again, it's not going to be dramatically different in all likelihood than it was last year. That's the number we settled at. We were able to get some victories.BAIER: Former President Donald Trump does not want to touch any of that, or at least he's saying that on the campaign trail. So that's an uphill battle.COLE: It is a difficult battle. Look, it's very tough. I remember when I put out my Social Security proposal earlier this year, basically as a bipartisan commission. It's modeled after what Ronald Reagan, Tip O'Neill, and Howard Baker did in 1983. They did it. They did it and nothing changed politically. But the point is we have done this before, but it needs to be done again.BAIER: You're a supporter of the supplemental, funding for Ukraine and Israel and Taiwan. You're now the Appropriations Committee chairman. How do you muscle through that in your conference?COLE: First of all, I think there's strong bipartisan support for -- we'll see what the final measure is, probably in the next couple weeks, on the floor for this. And our leaders in terms of foreign policy and defense, Mike Rogers, the House Armed Services Committee, Mike McCaul on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Mike Turner on the Senate Intel Committee are all supportive. Lots of folks are.Other people have objections. That's legitimate. That's what democracy is all supposed to be about. I don't have any problem with people arguing against it. But I think there's a very strong bipartisan majority on the floor. There is obviously some political risk because people don't just want to vote. They are threatening if I don't get my way, I will try to vacate the speaker's chair, or whatever. It complicates things. But, again, democracy is pretty messy. I think we'll get there.BAIER: Yes. You think Speaker Johnson will survive?COLE: I do. And I have a lot of faith in Speaker Johnson. And I think he's doing an unbelievable job. He kept us from having a government shutdown. He got the appropriations bill passed. He's struggling with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. I think he'll get that through this week. Then he probably turns to supplemental.BAIER: So you think you can avoid a government shutdown even after last year's fiasco?COLE: Well, absolutely. We didn't shut down the government last year. And --BAIER: But it went to the edge.COLE: It went to the edge. But Congress has voted pretty consistently not to shut down the government. And most of the time it's been substantial majorities on both sides of the aisle. I don't think most people here want them because they don't work. I watched Democrats shut down the government over DACA. I watched Republican do it over Obamacare and the border wall. It never achieves its objectives on any of those three cases. Both parties have done it. It doesn't work. It's just -- it's like playing football. If you see somebody call, on each side call the same play three times and it fails, maybe that's a dumb play. And I will tell you, shutting down the government is never smart politics.BAIER: It's tough to govern with a slim majority. Is that fair?COLE: That is absolutely fair. I think, you know, my friends on both sides would tell you I'd rather be in the minority sometimes than a slim number, because the easiest vote is a no vote. The hardest vote is a yes vote.BAIER: So critics of Republican leadership say it seems like the GOP conference wants to be in the minority and may be. Are you worried about that?COLE: I think it's going to be a very competitive election. I frankly suspect that whoever wins the presidency actually wins the House. But I actually think our chances of winning presidency with President Trump are much better than Democrats are with President Biden. We now see what a Biden administration is like, and I think that plays very much to our advantage.BAIER: Well, good luck, Appropriations Chairman.COLE: I appreciate it.BAIER: Tom Cole, thanks for the time.COLE: Thank you.BAIER: When we come back, the State Department's new diversity chief had some tough things to say about this country a few years ago. We'll bring that story to you.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: A new Biden administration rule would require thousands more firearms dealers across the country to run background checks on buyers when selling at gun shows or other places outside brick-and-mortar stores. The measure aims to restrict gun sales by unlicensed dealers who do not perform background checks. The rule is likely to be challenged in court by gun rights activists.Past derogatory comments about this country are being revealed tonight from the State Department's new diversity chief. She had some very negative things to say about U.S. history and current attitudes in comments just a few years ago. Correspondent Griff Jenkins shows us tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ZAKIYA CARR JOHNSON, CHIEF DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION OFFICER: The culture of misogyny has allowed men to act without consequence.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Less than two weeks into her new job as the State Department's chief diversity and inclusion officer, Zakiya Carr Johnson is drawing criticism for past comments. In a 2019 piece she claimed America's organizations and institutions are, quote, "riddled with racism, patriarchy and exclusion. These are chinks in the armor of traditional leadership that refuse to reconcile with the colonizing past or recognize time has run out for experimentation and tweaking of a failed historic model."In a video a year later, she issued a call to action.JOHNSON: We've literally got to be about the work of dismantling that traditional structure at every juncture.JENKINS: House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Mike McCaul opposes what he calls an ideological overemphasis on DEI. Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo blasted Carr's appointment, writing, "The State Department should be staffed by individuals who love America and believe in our core principles, not idealogues who think that America represents a failed historic model."And the State Department standing by the woman who it calls one of the most qualified experts in the field of DEI.MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: One of the ways we believe you can best love America is to love its full diversity and build a workforce that reflects that full diversity.(END VIDEO TAPE)JENKINS (on camera): And we are learning tonight, Bret, the State Department has made it a requirement to document your commitment to support DEI ideology in order to be considered for any promotion or higher pay. Bret?BAIER: Griff Jenkins live at the State Department. Griff, thanks.Up next, the panel with the fight over FISA and the House Speaker preparing for a big meeting with former President Donald Trump.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Ukraine's parliament approves a controversial law to govern how the country calls up new soldiers. It was past against a backdrop of an escalating Russian campaign inside Ukraine that has devastated Ukraine's energy infrastructure in recent weeks. Authorities say overnight missile and drone attacks destroyed the largest power generating facility in the capital region of Kyiv.A Vietnamese real estate tycoon is sentenced to death in the country's largest financial fraud case in its history. Sixty-seven-year-old Truong My Lan was charged with fraud amounting to $12.5 billion. She led one of the country's richest real estate firms.And this is a live look at Rome. One of the big stories there tonight, archaeologists -- sorry about that -- in Pompeii uncover a banquet hall with black walls and frescoes portraying mythical figures such as Helen of Troy, Apollo, and Cassandra. The city of Pompeii was buried in roughly 19 feet of ash and lava following the eruption of Mount Vesuvius 79 A.D.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: Let me be clear. Failure to reauthorize 702 or gutting it with some new kind of warrant requirement would be dangerous and put Americans lives at risk.REP. NANCY MACE, (R-SC): We are demanding that this be reformed with real reforms that protect all Americans.SEN. MARK WARNER, (D-VA) SENATE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: The idea that we would let this critical component of our security regime lapse would be the height of irresponsibility.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, FISA legislation, the reauthorization of this 702, it's essentially spying on possible threats from outside the country. They want -- 19 GOP lawmakers want reforms to it. But there are concerns about not getting it through from a security standpoint. "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board says this, "Trump blows up antiterrorist surveillance. Mr. Trump wants to kill FISA, and what does he think a second Trump administration will do without it? Will it make America great again if the country no longer has the ability to surveil terrorist communications in Yemen or Pakistan? A FISA failure would let President Biden blame Mr. Trump if there is a terror attack, and it would leave a Trump administration less able to protect Americans."That's the battle. It could come up this week, as soon as tomorrow. Let's bring in our panel, Leslie Marshall, Democratic strategist, Trey Gowdy, former Congressman from South Carolina, and Kimberley Strassel, a member of the editorial board at "The Wall Street Journal."Trey, your thoughts on this battle as it's happening. They want reforms. Obviously, the former president sees FISA abuses in attacks against him directly, and he has mentioned that numerous times.TREY GOWDY, FORMER SOUTH CAROLINA REPRESENTATIVE: Yes, it's a different section that I think the president is complaining about. FISA is already subject to court order. A court has already approved the collection of this information. It is almost exclusively foreign nationals talking. Every now and again Americans get caught up in it.I think, Bret, the problem is twofold. Number one, the FBI really has nobody to blame but themselves. They have been very slow to embrace reforms. Five years ago, when we were talking about reauthorizing this, the bureau was slow to accept any reforms. The other issue, you may recall, Bret, the president once before, President Trump tweeted out that we should oppose reauthorization because he watched a legal commentator who used to be on FOX complain about FISA. Pompeo had to go get in the car and drive over there and flip the president's position. So he sent out another tweet before we voted.I don't hear his former national security advisers opposing reauthorization. So, I hear him doing it, but I don't hear the people that he put in charge of keeping our country safe opposed to this reauthorization.BAIER: Meantime, the House speaker is meeting with the former president at Mar-a-Lago tomorrow. Here is Speaker Johnson talking about that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What are you going to talk to the president about? Do you think you can help us get something on Ukraine or also on the FISA bill?REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: We have a lot of things to discuss, talk to him frequently. So I look forward to seeing him in person.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE, (R-GA): Right now, he does not have my support. And I'm watching what happens with FISA and Ukraine.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES, (D-NY) HOUSE MINORITY LEADER: There are a reasonable number of Democrats who would not want to see the speaker fall as a result of doing the right thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: "Politico" writes it this way, "Why Trump is Johnson's best friend right now. House Republicans have sought to convince former President Trump to either endorse Johnson's version of Ukraine assistance or stay out of the debate all together. If Trump publicly opposes Ukraine aid and Johnson still moves forward, that would almost certainly prompt Marjorie Taylor Greene to trigger the motion to vacate."Talked earlier, Leslie, to Congressman Cole, the new House Appropriations Committee Chairman, how difficult it is to govern with a very slim majority.LESLIE MARSHALL, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Oh, yes, it is. And it doesn't matter if you are wearing red or blue. Listen, here's the problem that Speaker Johnson has. He has to decide, is he going to be the leader of his party or is Donald Trump going to be the leader of the party. I mean, he is the GOP nominee. He is the former president. He is not the current president. And Johnson is the current speaker.I don't think, honestly, Marjorie Taylor Greene has the votes, honestly, to do that. But you do see not only the GOP within the House but the GOP party in disarray and in dysfunction. And it really comes off badly not only for the party but more specifically for Johnson because he doesn't look like he can lead. There have been more than half-a-dozen attempts for standard procedural votes that would be along party lines normally that would pass in the past even with slim majorities, and he hasn't been able to do it. We are seeing problems, as you just mentioned, with FISA. I would agree with a lot of what Trey said there. And certainly, seeing problems with Ukraine.The United States of America and our representatives elected, left and right, we have to decide, do we stand for freedom, as we say, that we are the beacon of freedom throughout the world, and support Ukraine who we are being told by top Pentagon officials would lose this war without our assistance, or do we want to be cheerleaders for Russia taking a steamroller to Ukraine? That is really what Johnson is dealing with in addition, in the bigger picture outside of politics.BAIER: Right. There is concern, Kimberley, on the right about Ukraine funding and how long that lasts and what's the end result. There's concern on the left about Israel funding and weapons being used by Israel against Gaza. The event tomorrow, Speaker Johnson, "USA Today," "Speaker Johnson and former President Trump promote a bill to prevent non-citizens from voting. Johnson will hold a joint press conference with Trump on Friday at the former president's Mar-a-Lago residence where a top House Republican will tout the legislation to elevate the issue of non-citizens voting in federal elections according to a person familiar with the planning." That's the framing of the event. However, just the image of the two together will send a signal. The question is how much the former president steps out in support of Speaker Johnson and where that goes for him.KIMBERLEY STRASSEL, "WALL STREET JOURNAL": Yes. And the signal is very important here. I think that what this really means, Bret, is that the Trump team, and I think it's been a little slow to get to this understanding, is beginning to realize that having a House caucus, by the way, the only branch of government Republicans run at the moment, look like it's in perpetual and continual disarray, unable to lead or get anything done, is not exactly a great advertisement when you are headed into a presidential election arguing that you should be given the White House as well and the Senate.And so there's this key thing coming up. This is, I think, a message from Trump potentially, at least quietly, to some of these critics of Johnson to give him some breathing room. We'll see whether or not he goes further than that and makes public comments or starts making some behind-the-scene calls. But I think this is an attempt to try to get the conservative caucus back on track of getting a few things done.BAIER: Yes. Chaos is a tough sell.Trey, meantime, the U.S. central commander, the commander of U.S. Central Command, over in Israel today ahead of what is believes to be a direct threat from Iran to possibly strike Israel, the State Department is saying that's not a good idea. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: Escalation is not in Iran's interest, it's not in the region's interest, and it's not in the world's interest. We are obviously very concerned about the threat of an Iranian attack. We made that clear from the president on down, but I don't want to put any kind of timeframe on it. We were hoping, of course, to avoid such an attack in the first place.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Yes. I mean, strong letter to follow. We didn't hear really strong words from President Biden on this issue.GOWDY: Well, I mean, the strongest words we've heard from President Biden, quite frankly, have been towards Israel, not towards Iran, which I find utterly stunning. The United States gets two decades to go after people that hurt us. Israel gets about six months to go after a group that puts kids in ovens. If Biden wants to talk tough, talk tough to Iran, the Houthis, Hezbollah. Quit talking tough to Netanyahu, whom I'm convinced -- look, the U.S. has also killed innocent civilians. Remember that drone strike in Afghanistan after we lost 13 soldiers. That was a car full of kids. There is a difference between doing it accidently and doing it intentionally. Hamas does it on purpose. Good people like Israel and the U.S. do it accidentally.BAIER: Leslie, I only have a few seconds here but, politically, this is all hurting president Biden, is it not?MARSHALL: Look, this is difficult, but I think that he has been strong with Iran. He has made it clear that we will support Israel, their right to exist. Iran doesn't have the capability to take on Israel, certainly not the United States. Hezbollah, however, does. And that is an issue. And also an issue is the potential famine that we see coming in Gaza -- 33,000 people killed, the majority women and children. That's not a car full of kids. And I think the president is right to rebuke Israel. The people of Israel are getting back at Netanyahu, and the United States per opinion polls is changing their opinion on this situation in the Middle East as well.BAIER: We'll follow it from all sides. Panel, thanks.Finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAL RIPKEN JR., FORMER BASEBALL PLAYER: The reaction you get from the kids when you introduce the STEM curriculum in these classrooms, it's almost like teaching baseball for the first time to a kid and him having success. They love it. They explore it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: That's baseball Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr. A foundation named after his father along with ex-alum (ph) foundation held a ribbon-cutting ceremony at Baltimore County Middle School for the launch of their newest STEM center. The center will provide resources to kids to excel in coding and engineering. The 500th STEM center opened by the Ripken Foundation the first of 81 new STEM centers to open up in six cities. That's great news.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, as China's Navy grows, the Pentagon says the U.S. is falling behind in submarine production. What's the plan to keep pace?That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Thanks for having us in your home. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" starts now.