(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thanks to Shannon Bream, Todd Piro, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dream Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHIEF CORRESPONDENT: Good evening. I'm Jonathan Hunt in for Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, the Battle of the Flags, the Palestinian flag has flown on so many college campuses this week. But today, administrators at George Washington University ordered the unfurling of a large American flag directly above a sea of pro-Palestinian protesters. You see it right there, flying high behind the defaced statue of George Washington. And earlier this week, the NYPD tore down a Palestinian flag and raised the stars and stripes once again on the City University of New York's campus.And these UNC frat brothers defended the flag amid pro-Palestinian protests on their campus. More on that later. Those of course are just snapshots of the campus chaos that has gripped so many colleges this week. Buildings have been destroyed, campuses have been trashed, learning has certainly been lost and graduation ceremonies have been cancelled. While many protesters argue, a powerful point has been made.Certainly, some universities will never be the same. We've got Fox Team coverage with Marianne Rafferty here in Los Angeles. But first, let's go to Alexis McAdams on the ground in New York City. Alexis, this has been a long week for New York colleges and frankly for you. How does it look out there tonight?ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Jonathan. Yes. A long week here in New York City for those police who have been on the scene, really trying to keep control of those crowds. Tonight, things have been pretty calm out here just compared to the last few days. We thought with pretty good weather on a Friday night, that wasn't going to be the case. But earlier today, police did conduct those sweeps at college campuses right here in Manhattan.Take a look here on your screen. On the left there is NYU, police moving in there around 6 a.m. That was a rough wake up call for protesters there starting to clear out their Gaza Solidarity encampment at 6:00 in the morning and then moving over to the liberal arts college called the New School. Protests were very chaotic last night in that area. The NYPD says the schools called them for help yet again.This afternoon, faculty members at NYU were out picketing, Jonathan, saying they are against the disciplinary action these schools are giving the student protesters. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JACOB REMES, NYU PROFESSOR: You cannot be call yourself a university if you arrest your faculty, if you arrest your students for a peaceful protest. Universities must be spaces of free exchange of ideas, of free speech of protest.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: OK. But not all of those protests at these universities have been peaceful. We saw that right here in New York City, NYU and at Columbia where the NYPD had to go into Hamilton Hall where they barricaded that area with furniture. One concern is outside agitators at these groups. The NYPD says they believe other outside groups are coming in, even bringing weapons and trying to cause trouble. We've seen it on the ground almost every night. Jonathan?HUNT: Great work, Alexis, this week. Thank you, Alexis McAdams. Here in Los Angeles, there's been a stark contrast in how on-campus protests are two of the top colleges in California, if not in the country, UCLA and USC have been handled by their respective administrations. Marianne Rafferty is here in L.A. taking a closer look at that story tonight. Good evening, Marianne.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, indeed, we are, Jonathan. Well, the USC president Carol Folt feeling the heat over her handling of the protests that rocked the campus over the last two weeks with dozens of faculty calling for her to step down. After canceling graduation and angering parents, Folt met with leaders of the pro-Palestinian movement for talks several times in the hopes of working out a deal to end the chaos, which did not happen.Instead, Folt and her team called in the LAPD, resulting in 93 arrests. In an interview with the L.A. Times on Monday, Folt said, "I believe that all along the way, we've made the right choice." And at UCLA, more than 200 protesters were arrested on Thursday morning, a day after counter protesters targeted the pro-Palestinian encampment there. Students and professors were among those taken to jail, including one professor that released a statement on why she canceled class."The police destroyed my backpack with our class text in it, as well as my apartment keys with a large knife and did not return it to me. It's not possible to have class." When asked by Fox News, if he wants professors and students who were arrested Thursday to be prosecuted or suspended, Governor Gavin Newsom providing the same response he posted to X on Wednesday, in part, "the law is clear, the right to free speech does not extend to inciting violence, vandalism, or lawlessness, saying those involved should be held accountable, including through criminal prosecution, suspension, or expulsion."And after that night of violence at UCLA, classes have been canceled and an investigation is underway into the response to the mayhem. Jonathan?HUNT: Marianne, thank you so much. We're fortunate to have with us now to discuss the latest developments in this ongoing on-campus unrest. USC Professor Jody Armour who is actually directly involved in the discussions between students and the USC administration. Professor, great to have you here. Thank you for coming in this Friday evening. I'll get to USC in a moment. But first of all, I have to ask you about those extraordinary scenes we saw play out both Tuesday night with the clashes between the protesters and counter protesters at UCLA and then the police clearing out those protesters. What did you make of that?JODY ARMOUR, USC PROFESSOR: Yes. We often talk about or think about outside agitators as people who are among the protesters themselves. This time we saw outside agitators in the form of pro-Israel agitators who came and imposed the hecklers veto, if you will. The violence was a way of saying, if we don't like what you're going to say, we can, as bystanders, ramp up the response in such a way that the university will come in and veto whatever expression --(CROSSTALK)HUNT: It did seem like it was an expression of real frustration by that pro-Israeli group.ARMOUR: Absolutely.HUNT: The administration and law enforcement wasn't doing enough in their view.ARMOUR: In their view, they weren't. But the police are supposed to make sure violence doesn't break out and violence broke out.HUNT: It was -- we were live all night with that. And it was extraordinary to me that for three hours, I saw all of this violence, did not see a single police officer. It just seemed extraordinary.ARMOUR: That was jaw-dropping. And they could have intervened and quelled that very easily. And one can only wonder, came back the next night and used that as a reason and then disband everything. So, you know, you -- it's hot -- it's just a head scratcher.HUNT: All right. To USC now where you are and you are involved directly in these negotiations between President Folt and the students. The major graduation ceremony has been canceled. The protesters are still there, a group of them in Alumni Park. And after the initial response by the LAPD, President Folt seems to have backed off of that and allowing the group to stay. It's a big contrast because for the moment, at least, it seems peaceful on the USC.ARMOUR: Yes. It makes you wonder what was the original justification then for bringing in the LAPD. It was over safety concerns. But it doesn't seem like it's been especially unsafe since the time that they retook Alumni Park. There have been no outbreaks in violence. So, I was there the first day when they were starting. There were, you know, meditations and yoga sessions here at 8:00. Over their poetry reading.So, one has to wonder if it was necessary to bring in LAPD versus the President herself coming out, sitting down and saying, let's have a conversation. Let's see if we can find some common ground before bringing in the group.HUNT: So where are we now? Because graduation ceremonies, although the big one isn't taking place, there's something like 20 schools that will have smaller graduation ceremonies beginning on Wednesday. It's a ticking clock. Is there going to be more action?ARMOUR: Yes. It is a ticking clock. We have a 20 plus satellite graduation that may happen. Alumni Park is going to be the site of perhaps three to four of them. So, the administration would definitely like to have that space for those graduations. These students who are occupying it want some of their demands met before they're going to move. We've got to see if there's going to be any way to reach some kind of middle ground before Wednesday.HUNT: And we're seeing, watching some of the video you gave us just there of the talks that were going on Thursday, I believe it was or Wednesday. We have not crossed a line, you believe, between free speech and violence and the expression of violence at USC. We seem to be on an edge on every one of these campuses.ARMOUR: Yes. At this point, we haven't. And the real violence, the students, from their perspective anyway, in my conversation with the president was when the LAPD arrived and started, you know, handling students in what they view heavy handed way. A number of those students are Jewish voice for peace. Some of my, you know, the people were saying we want to make the campus safer for Jewish students.Many of the Jewish students were among the protesters who were arrested. And they're saying, I don't feel safe here with the LAPD laying hands on me while I'm trying to protest.HUNT: Ten seconds, does President Folt have your support?ARMOUR: As long as she can, in good faith, make -- reach some common ground with the -- with the protesters, absolutely. But she has to make that effort to reach that common ground.HUNT: Professor, it's been a pleasure having you. Thank you so much for coming in this Friday evening.Turning now to the law enforcement perspective on all this. We're joined by retired NYPD Inspector and Fox News Contributor Paul Mauro. Paul, you and I spent many hours together this week watching. I think, with minds that were boggled to coin a phrase, the lack of law enforcement response on the campus of UCLA to begin with. Professor Armour was just talking about that. Do you think they got it right, ultimately?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think they got it right at UCLA after much delay because when they went in they got it done without great injury despite the fact that the encampment at UCLA was heavily fortified. You and I saw those plywood barriers that was zip tied together. I thought it was actually going to be a lot rougher than it was. But it goes to what you and I were talking about that night.If you call the police in and allow them to do their jobs, they're going to get it done. UCLA became what USC did not. That was a very anodyne depiction of what went on at USC. There are agitators all over these campuses. Professional agitators. Let's remember that all you hear here is things like from the river to the sea which is the eradication the state of Israel. Hamas is embedded in that.I don't hear anybody decrying Hamas. And I have to say that the u s c's instance by acting early you didn't get what you got at UCLA, as a result your and mine -- mines were in boggled relative to USC.HUNT: Yes. And what about the at the NYPD action that we saw earlier in the week at Columbia, Paul? That seemed to be a textbook operation planned in the way that the L.A. response at UCLA didn't seem to be planned well enough or quickly enough. The NYPD operation seem to me really textbook although in a different context on a campus where they could effectively lock it down rather than a public university.MAURO: Difference was leadership. The NYPD had planned it out. They knew at some point they were going to have to go in especially after these characters took the building. And, you know, the NYPD has done this kind of thing as I said, it's part of the institutional memory. There was leadership there in L.A. And at UCLA there just seem to be no leadership because you had three different agencies and who is it that would have been the umbrella over all three?Well, you had a county agency, a state agency in the city agency. Who sits over all those the? The governor. Ad where was the governor? Where was Gavin Newson? The mayor was MIA as well. You needed somebody to hold a press conference, reassure the public tell everybody this thing is going to be handled, we're putting together attack plan, make sure that you tell the protesters you have a deadline, get out otherwise we're moving in with the police and that's it.Instead, they let it go on, it grew, it grew, it grew and you and I saw the results.HUNT: Paul, it's been great being with you all week. I hope you and everybody else has a peaceful weekend. Paul Mauro, thank you so much.For more perspective tonight, let's bring in a couple of students who've experienced the campus chaos up close. USC grad student Mark Rayant along with UCLA student and campus reform correspondent Justin Choi. Let's get to UCLA first. What do you make of what happened this week?JUSTIN CHOI, UCLA STUDENT: So yes. The police came yesterday and not everyone's gone. But the last couple of days, it's been very horrific especially the violence. I was there at the protest on Wednesday night around 11:30 Pacific time. And the first thing I heard when I got there was that is from Israel, get the Zionist out, intifada. I heard all the stuff going in. And so the fireworks going in and (INAUDIBLE) saw people don't water balls at each other and the cones. And so, a lot of violence has been present during these protests.HUNT: And you, does it make you angry at the administration there, does it make you angry at the protesters? Does it make you angry at the lack of law enforcement response initially? Who do you blame for this?CHOI: I blame both honestly. The protesters what they did was they take over (INAUDIBLE) and they graffiti large parts of the building which is unacceptable. But also, the chancellor should then something as well. UCLA officials were very slow and response I believe and, you know, their number one priority should be protecting students but they fail to do so. And I guess it's an open campus but we have random people coming in as well. So - -HUNT: Mark, USC president fault has said that that is her north star as she put it, protecting the safety of students. Is she doing a good enough job?MARK RAYANT, USC GRADUATE STUDENT: I think up until now I would say absolutely not and that's just based on what's been going on campus even today. As I was taking my graduate photos for the upcoming ceremony I was actually followed and harassed by some agitators on campus in and around the encampment. And to be honest I think that they should be taking more steps to enforce the campus policies that these people are openly breaking. They should -(CROSSTALK)HUNT: And what -- so as a student there, graduation - the main graduation ceremony has been canceled, the smaller ceremonies will still take place. So, there was -- the professor was just saying there could be a flashpoint before then. How do you react to the idea that the big graduation ceremony, the big one will not be happening?RAYANT: It's a disgrace to be honest, it's a disgrace. I mean, my first graduation ceremony was supposed to take place during COVID. And now --(CROSSTALK)HUNT: You are the class of 2020 from high school.RAYANT: Along -- me along with all of my peers now have that celebration ripped away from them. This choice occasion that we've all worked very hard for. And I think the university has a responsibility to safeguard our students. And there's one thing that I want to add as well.HUNT: Sure.RAYANT: USC has instituted a policy of containment for this issue which has not been successful. I watch students hop USC's fences today and the only people who are really impacted by that policy are the students who are now unable to get to their classes, unable to study in the libraries for their exams, unable to take their finals. I mean, it takes me three times more time than it usually does just to get onto campus because of the way they've locked it down.HUNT: And so, Justin, just to wrap it up real quick, has the -- has violence trumped free speech here? What -- how do you see that?CHOI: I think a little bit, yes. Everyone does have it right to free speech, but when we have people screaming intifada and get the Zionist out, I think that kind of reaches the, you know, the line. And --HUNT: OK.CHOI: Yes.HUNT: Justin and Mark, great to have you both here. And Mark, I hope you get to enjoy a real graduation. It is -- it is a tragedy for the class of 2020 who had high school graduation ripped from them by COVID to see ceremonies canceled. Thank you both for being here.RAYANT: Thank you.HUNT: For more -- some more insight into these protests, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT host Trace Gallagher caught up with a special guest earlier today. Take it away, Trace.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRACE GALLAGHER, ANCHOR, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT: Joining us now, former education secretary, former drug czar Bill Bennett. Bill, it's great to have you on the show as always. What do you think about what's happening across the country? These anti-Israel protests that we see popping up and dropping down on campuses here and there? Your thoughts on that, Bill?BILL BENNETT, FORMER U.S. EDUCATION SECRETARY: It's terrible. And of course, it's some of our most elite campuses and colleges. There's been a lot of focus on outside agitators. And indeed, there are many of them, maybe half in some places. But there's also what I call the inside agitators, Trace. That's the faculty who are egging on the outside agitators, egging on the students, criticizing the police, now calling on the university to account for having called the police.This just tells you what a mess a lot of our universities are. And to the degree that's exposing sunlight here, that's a good thing.GALLAGHER: Yes. And you say and you've heard that a lot of comparisons between these protests, the protest of Vietnam in 1968, is there a comparison in your estimation, Bill?BENNETT: It's worse now. I mean, we've gotten worse. Look, I didn't favor the protests against the war in '68. But I had friends who did, who felt strongly about the war, some went to Canada, you know, I was a principal position at least. But, you know, it was an arguable position. It's not an arguable position to say that Jews should be eliminated. I mean, what kind of nonsense is that? Crazy. This is just insanity.And then our president wants to invite Palestinian students to come to the U.S. and study. 92 percent I think, was the number of Palestinians voted for Hamas. Does he really want to import Hamas students into our universities anymore that we've already got on these campuses?GALLAGHER: Yes. And Bill, you know, it troubles me because you wonder in all of this, where is the civil rights division of the DOJ? I mean, these are anti-Semitic protests in many cases across the country. If these were KKK protests that have been shut down in 30 minutes and these things have lingered and lingered, and where is the DOJ?BENNETT: Yes, well, absolutely. And where's the Department of Education? I heard just before we went on that there's apparently some investigation by the Department of Education of Emory in Georgia, Trace because Muslim students are complaining. Well, you know, I don't know what that's about. It may have merit, but goodness gracious, this other thing is screaming for it.You know, a lot of these students too have to be accountable. They are -- if the faculty is the inside agitators, the students are the inside agitatable. You know, a lot of them have been groomed from middle school through high school to believe that this is a terrible country and shame on them for picking up on this. I can't stand that picture of George Washington drape to that flag, Hamas flag. Somebody should just go over there and rip it off.GALLAGHER: Yes. But you had to love the picture of those University of North Carolina students raising the American flag and bringing down the Palestinian flag, Bill.BENNETT: My wife's alma mater. Yes, absolutely. Yes, good for them. Yes.GALLAGHER: Yes. And lastly, Bill, I just want to touch on you. You touched on this briefly, but it seems like the president who spoke for the first time yesterday about this whole thing is trying to do both sides. He's trying to placate everybody in this -- in this thing.BENNETT: Yes. And he won't. You saw that chair at the University of Alabama where they were yelling from both sides, post Palestinian side plus the pro-Israeli side what they thought about Biden. And it was the same vulgar cheer. One quick note, I would say to you as a fan of the SEC as I am. Did you notice how many Hamas encampments at SEC schools? None. Except for the University of Texas where they got rid of it very quickly.So, it's not a national problem. In some ways it's located here and there and too many places but not everywhere.HUNT: Yes, roll tide, Bill Bennett, always great to have you on the show. Thank you for your time, sir.BENNETT: Thank you. Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: Thank you, Trace. Thank you, Bill Bennett. Up next. Courtroom witnesses describe it as the most riveting testimony yet in the New York criminal trial of the former president. Former Trump aide and confidant Hope Hicks compelled to testify. Then truly compelling on the stand. We'll have a live report from New York City.And later in The Nightcap. It's going to be quite a rager. A group of frat brothers who defended the American flag at the University of North Carolina getting rich quick. Thanks to a GoFundMe account set up to pay tribute. Let us know what you would do with all that money. X and Instagram @FoxNewsNight. We'll read the best responses in The Nightcap.Auburn, Alabama. Take a look at that. Home to Auburn University. And finally, Waterford, Connecticut. Did you know the Frisbee was invented in Connecticut? You learn something every night when you watch FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. If you can't join us live, don't forget to set your DVR and watch us any time. We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HUNT: Dramatic testimony today in the -- what is, of course, the first ever criminal trial of a former president from ex-Trump insider Hope Hicks. Nate Foy has those details tonight live from outside New York State Supreme Court. Quite a day in court, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Oh, it certainly was, Jonathan. Today we got new insight into former president Donald Trump's mindset in the days leading up to the 2016 presidential election when women came forward and stories went public of alleged affairs that Trump denies. His former adviser, Hope Hicks, testified that Trump was very much concerned about his family, that he didn't want anything embarrassing coming out during the campaign that would hurt his family, that he very much wanted to make his family proud of him.And that he was concerned specifically with his wife, former First Lady Melania Trump, instructing Hicks to make sure that newspapers were not delivered to their residents so that you might see articles detailing the allegations. Here's Trump speaking after a busy day in court.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I was -- I was very interested in what took place today. I'm not allowed to comment on any of that as you know, I'm under a gag order which is very unprecedented.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Jonathan, at the beginning of her cross-examination today, Hicks became emotional on the witness stand, and before that, prosecutor and former top DOJ official Matthew Colangelo questioned Hicks. He asked her about meeting former American media CEO David Pecker. Hicks said she remembers seeing Pecker at Trump Tower, but doesn't recall participating in a meeting where Packer promised to help the Trump campaign.Hicks also said Trump's former lawyer, Michael Cohen, injected himself into campaign activities. Hicks claimed that Cohen liked to call himself Mr. Fix It, but said he only fixed things after breaking them first. Today, Trump disputed evidence of a recorded conversation with Cohen discussing the Stormy Daniels payment. Trump posted on Truth Social "the tape played yesterday and discussed today while good for my case was cut off at the end in the early stages of something very positive that I was in the midst of saying, why was it cut off?"Now, on top of that, Jonathan, Trump paid $9,000 for a fine, for nine separate gag order violations. He said while entering the courtroom today that his lawyers are going to challenge the gag order because they believe that it's unconstitutional, the trial will resume at 9:30 Monday morning with a new witness on the stand. We'll send it back to you.HUNT: Nate, thank you for being here, late on this Friday night in New York. Nate Foy, thank you very much, indeed.For more on this, let's bring in Criminal Defense Attorney and Former Prosecutor David Gelman. David, what did you make of Hope Hicks as a witness, either for prosecution or how much you benefited the defense here?DAVID GELMAN, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY AND FORMER PROSECUTOR: Well, I'll tell you one thing, the prosecution, I think they're having a very strong drink tonight because nothing that came out of the testimony from Ms. Hicks had anything to do with the matter and it didn't affect President Trump whatsoever. When you are a prosecutor, your job is to make sure that your witnesses are doing the right thing and that you prep them the right way.I don't think they ever looked at her, let alone talk to her until today, because what she said had no bearing on: one, the allegations against the president, and two, anything to do with the actions that they are accusing him of. So, I believe that today was not a very good day for the prosecution.HUNT: There's been a lot of talk over whether former President Donald Trump will testify himself. The judge made it clear that the gag order doesn't prevent him from testifying. He can do that, sort of in a sense daring former President Trump to do so. Here's a mention, the former president made of that after court today. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No, it won't stop me from testifying. The gag order is not to testify. The gag order stops me from talking about people and responding when they say things about me. We have people saying things about me and I'm not allowed to respond. So, this judge is taking away my constitutional right.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: So, you're the president's attorney, the former president's attorney, let's say. Do you put him on the stand?GELMAN: You know, right now I think, Jonathan, it's too early to tell. You've got to really let the prosecution go through their motions, if you will, and have the rest of their witnesses testify. And now, right now, if I was the president's attorney, he wouldn't testify, or at least I would say don't testify. But because right now, nothing has really phased him. It's like a boxing match. He hasn't been punched. So, right now, no, but that could change.HUNT: And then, David, obviously, Michael Cohen is going to take the stand. I think one thing we learned from Hope Hicks today is that nobody likes him. How difficult a witness for the prosecution is he going to be in terms of making the jury believe him, which to some extent means making them like him?GELMAN: Yes, Jonathan, you're exactly correct. In fact, Hope Hicks said that he really only has one interest and that is Michael Cohen, and that is a theme that has gone on so far with this trial. Every witness who testifying regarding Michael Cohen doesn't have anything good to say about him. So, the prosecutors, I think they may be second-guessing themselves of anything regarding Michael Cohen being a witness because, frankly, he's not going to do very well.HUNT: David, great to have you with us tonight. David Gelman, thank you so much.Up next, Republican lawmakers are not happy with what they've been seeing at some of the country's most elite universities. And now, some are threatening consequences for the campus chaos.And still ahead, no one is safe from this spring spaniel, not even a statue. And a local beekeeper saves the day and the ball game in Arizona. The day's best viral videos coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That statement was put out by your attorney saying this week that you were not the target of an FBI investigation after your home was raided by officers in January. Are you involved at all in any ongoing investigation, sir?REP. HENRY CUELLAR (D-TX): Well, look, you know, I have deep respect for law enforcement. I got three brothers who are peace officers. I have deep respect for law enforcement. We're going to cooperate. We saw what the attorney said and we're going to follow that advice.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: That was a non-answer. Tonight, we got the answer. Texas Democratic Congressman Henry Cuellar and his wife have been indicted on conspiracy and bribery charges for allegedly accepting $600,000 in bribes from an Azerbaijan-controlled energy company and a bank in Mexico. In exchange, Cuellar allegedly agreed to advance the interests of the country and the bank.The couple denies the charges and earlier surrendered to authorities, before being released on $100,000 bond each. For more on this, let's bring in political analyst, Tezlyn Figaro; and California GOP delegate, Roxanne Hoge. Great to have you both here. And Tezlyn, I want to come to you first, but first of all I want to just point out what the DOJ said about this.This is a quote from their statement: "The bribe payments were allegedly laundered pursuant to sham consulting contracts through a series of front companies and middlemen into shell companies owned by Imelda Cuellar, who performed little to no legitimate work under the contracts." The whole situation, not good for the Cuellars, obviously, not good for Democrats either, Tezlyn.TEZLYN FIGARO, POLITICAL ANALYST: No, it's not. I mean, again, what's good for the goose is good for the gander. So, anytime you have Democrats who have called out Republicans for fraud and bribery, those things are going to come back home as well. So, it looks like there's a problem on the left.So, when you mix that in with everything else that's going on in the current political environment, no it does not look good. So, we'll continue to see how the facts lay out in the case and see how it affects this very election that is, that is clearly not a clear path for Democrats are Republicans.HUNT: And Roxanne, to the Cuellar statement here, he said: "I want to be clear that both my wife and I are innocent. The actions I took in congress were consistent with the actions of many of my colleagues and in the interest of the American people." It seems to me that that is kind of a veiled threat, come after me, you're all doing it.ROXANNE HOGE, CALIFORNIA GOP DELEGATE: Well, and he's right. I mean, the truth is that everyone seems to go to Washington, D.C. and come back filthy, stinking rich. So --HUNT: Surprise, surprise.HOGE: Yes, it's not a shocker. And Tezlyn's right. It's happening on both sides of the aisle.HUNT: So, what do we do about it? Just, is it cases like this that have to be pursued?HOGE: Yes, I mean, but those cases should be pursued and those ethics rules should apply to them as well. You'll notice that they make all sorts of rules for the rest of us to follow that exempt members of Congress.HUNT: Yes.HOGE: Yes, I think they might want to check into that insider trading stuff.HUNT: All right, Roxanne and Teslin, stand by. I want to come back to you for talks on the campus chaos. But first of all, there may be consequences for some of the universities that have been the site of anti-Israel protests. And our senior congressional correspondent, Chad Pergram, has the details tonight. Good evening, Chad.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Jonathan, Republican lawmakers believe the federal government is slow to probe possible civil rights violations on campus. The GOP demands action.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you think right now that this administration is upholding Title VI?MIGUEL CARDONA, EDUCATION SECRETARY: We are with the resources that we have. We're here to request additional investigators. You know in 2009 -- the number of cases has tripled since 2009 and we have 58 less people in.PERGRAM: Miguel Cardona asked for an additional $22 million in this spending cycle to hire more investigators and open up additional probes. Expect that to be a flashpoint, especially after Republicans aimed to trim funding for the Department of Education.REP. JERRY NADLER (D-NY): The Republicans tried to cut it by 25 percent, the F.Y. 24 budget, and the result was flat funding.PERGRAM: The GOP also wants to slash funding for universities which members believe fail to protect Jewish students.SEN. SHELLEY MOORE CAPITO (R-WV): If you're going to break the law and violate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act, you're going to have your federal funds removed.PERGRAM: Universities receive more money from the federal government than from any other source. That's why the GOP is ready to curb funds bound for higher ed, as lawmakers prep spending bills for the fall.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): And so, we're taking a look at how to condition that money on how they handle their campuses in situations like this.PERGRAM: Democrats are torn about the demonstrations ravaging college campuses. They're mindful of First Amendment rights and concern over human rights.REP. BOBBY SCOTT (D-VA): Students are students and you're going to have demonstrations and that's just part of being a college student.PERGRAM: But there's a schism among Democrats over the Middle East and that divide threatens to shred the Democrats coalition ahead of the election. Jonathan.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: Tezlyn, what about that, that all of this is fracturing the Democratic coalition? Do you believe that is a serious problem for President Biden and on down the ticket?FIGARO: Yes, absolutely, a serious problem. Again, President Biden is going to be forced to have to pick a side are set aside, is what I say. When you look at Michigan and one over one hundred thousand folks went to the polls to say we don't, we don't want to deal with you Joe Biden because of this war -- that's critical. We know that it's just about four or five states and we're making the decision on who will be the president of the United States and Michigan is one.And so, they are asking him to move forward with a ceasefire. And then, you still have other folks in the Democrat Party that are, that are saying that, no, you know, this is, you know, an opportunity for people who support Israel to be able to also have their say. Students should certainly be safe while they're on campus.So, it's really putting President Biden and the Democrat Party in a very sticky situation that will absolutely affect them at the polls, not just with that, but even when you talk about colleges with removing student loan debt. So, right now, college students are just not pleased with the left because they're just not getting very clear direction.HUNT: And Roxanne, you hear a Democrat there saying students are students. Do you believe, though, that the Republican side is right that this has to be investigated that they cross the line?HOGE: Well, I'm a little bit cynical today, forgive me, but the strongly worded memo world that, that congress lives in is not how you get things done. And the truth is, that the approach that saying they're taking in California with our Senator Brian Jones and James Gallagher of the Assembly, let's defund actual students. If you participate in this stuff, if you stop kids from attending class, and it's not that colleges aren't made to be safe spaces, but they are meant to be educational spaces. And if you can't get to class, then you've, I'm sorry, you've blown up the whole thing.HUNT: And Tezlyn, final word to you. Would you agree that some of these protests very clearly crossed the line from free speech into something much worse?FIGARO: Well, I mean, anytime you have people who are in fear of their life or people that are being harmed or things that go beyond just, you know, strong words, of course it should be investigated. Of course it should be safe, you know, for any student, you know, to be able to go to college or have a difference of opinion. It is important that colleges and young folks continue to, you know, make their voice heard.But yes, when it's a problem and people feel that they are unsafe, it should be corrected. And so, it looks like, you know, that's what's moving forward. But what I want to say is this is becoming more about campaigning more so than it is about the students, unfortunately. It's about, you know, what does this look like for Democrats, and if President Biden, and Democrats are going to take a hard stand, are they more concerned about how it affects them and their election.And so, that's what I'm looking at to see what is the principle, what are the values that they're really standing on or is it just, we just want to play it safe and play both sides and not really get a strong answer because we want to get, we want to get people to the polls and that's not going to work either. You're going to have to pick a side.HUNT: In such a critical election year, everything becomes about campaigns and politics. Tezlyn and Roxanne, thank you so much for being here. Pleasure to talk to you both this evening.First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", take a look at this very persistent spaniel named P.J., who was attempting to coerce a statue of Harry Potter actor Richard Harris into playing a game of fetch with him. As you can see, the pop was very confused as to why the statue wasn't taking up on his offer. P.J.'s owner said that the 9-year-old Spaniel is obsessed with playing and will constantly find any leaf, pebble or twig to drop at a stranger's feet in the hopes they'll play a round of fetch with him. Sadly, I don't think even P.J.'s cuteness will convince a statue to move.And on another baseball field this week, one beekeeper got to throw the ceremonial first pitch at the Dodgers vs. Diamondbacks game after he saved the day when a colony of bees took over the field. The beekeeper, Matt Hilton, was 45 minutes away when he got the call and rushed over to Chase Field Stadium to take care of the buzzing situation. And as Hilton contained the bees, the crowd cheered wildly, and "Holding Out for a Hero" blasted through the stadium.If you have a viral video to share, hit us up @FoxNewsNight on social media.More than $500,000 has been raised for a group of North Carolina fraternity brothers who defended the stars and stripes from pro-Palestinian protesters. So, what should the students do with all that money? What would you do if you were them? Let us know, X and Instagram, @FoxNewsNight, we'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HUNT: We are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Marianne Rafferty, Roxanne Hoge, David Gelman and Paul Mauro. Tonight, when frat boys make news, it's usually for doing dumb things, but a group of patriotic frat brothers at the University of North Carolina is being applauded for protecting the stars and stripes from pro-Palestinian protesters this week. They raised about $500,000 or more on a GoFundMe page. So, what should they do with that $500,000? Paul, you're known for your rages. What say you?MAURO: A group of frat brothers and $500,000, what could go wrong? All I would say is what not to do. No A.C., no Vegas, fellas, all right? Let's remember, you know, you have a long life ahead of you.HUNT: Indeed. David, what would you do with that 500-grand?GELMAN: Have the rager, just like old school, the movie, Vince Vaughn -- get a big celebrity, have a big party that the university would never forget. They'll be epic.HUNT: All right. Roxanne.HOGE: I'm from a teach a man to fish school, so have the rager and then put in escrow for the next decade of ragers.HUNT: Marianne.RAFFERTY: Give it to their moms, all of it. Give it to their parents.HUNT: You know we had one comment on social media that I really liked. Mike Howell said, "10K for the rager, 490,000 in legal fees for said rager."Hey, here's a thought. How about they give it all to charities for traumatized children on both sides of the war? Hate to end on a serious note, but I think that would be nice.Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Jonathan Hunt in Los Angeles. You'll all be relieved to know Trace Gallagher will be back on Monday. Good night, everybody.