TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: John, Sandra, thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Trace Gallagher in for Martha MacCallum, and this is THE STORY. Patrick Hendry, head of the Police Benevolent Association, speaking after the suspect in the fatal shooting of NYPD officer Jonathan Diller was in court. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PATRICK HENDRY, HEAD OF THE POLICE BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION: This has to end, and they have to end now. I'm going to turn it over now to the president of the Detectives Association, Paul DiGiacomo.PAUL DIGIACOMO, PRESIDENT, DETECTIVES ASSOCIATION: Thank you, Pat. This individual, Liddy Jones, has got an extensive criminal history, an extensive criminal record, and there is no excuse, none whatsoever, for this individual to have been out of jail during the time of this homicide of our police officer, Diller. Our criminal justice system needs to work more efficiently -- it's not working now.This bail reform laws that Albany has enacted has catered to the criminal element and not to the victims of crime. And because of those bail reform laws, we have a dead cop on our hands now. And it's getting more and more dangerous out there. There are more and more guns out there, and there are more and more recidivists out there that are going to take the chance and try and hurt more cops out on the street. This system is broke. Our legislature has to wake up, fix what's broke, or more people are going to die.HENDRY: Questions?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do you make of some of his statements that he made prior to arrest?HENDRY: What statements? I'm sorry?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That he made prior to arrest.HENDRY: That he wasn't part of this?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, that he, he kills people.HENDRY: That's, this is a vicious career criminal who has the mentality to kill a New York City police officer. He's a dangerous individual, should have never been on the streets.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you know if the other suspect is still in the hospital? And if there's a fatal back injury?HENDRY: He's still in the hospital. He is remanded as of right now. The next court case, I believe, is May 7th, and that's what we know at this moment.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And what (INAUDIBLE) right now to decrease of recidivism index --HENDRY: Well, listen, he had an illegal firearm. He should have been remanded. He should have never been allowed back on the streets. He had a criminal extensive record. What else does a judge need to see? The judges are using not the right discretion. They can use discretion and keep these violent criminals behind bars. The judges in these cases need to do their jobs. They're making excuses. They need to stop making excuses.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He had $75,000 bail set in the (INAUDIBLE) case. The two judges in New York State, do they really now have the right, or the ability to detain somebody for a public interest crime?HENDRY: Yes, they should be using their discretion, they should be holding these violent criminals, they should be remanding them, they should not be back on the streets.All right, thank you everyone. Thank you everyone. Thank you everyone.This is one step towards the road to justice for our hero brother and his family. I thank you. I know his family thanks you. And we thank you for what you do every single day, risking your lives to keep everybody in this city safe. Thank you so much.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, there you have it. The Police Benevolent Association, the union for the police officers in New York, addressing the police officers there at the end, but holding a news conference because one of the suspects in the death of police officer Jonathan Diller was arraigned just a short time ago. Not the man accused of pulling the trigger, the other one, the driver of the car, the other person accused of actually pulling the trigger, Guy Rivera, 34 years old, remains in the hospital as the police were noting right there, but you can see kind of a big gathering of NYPD.The news conference was held because they are saying, calling on the governor and calling on state lawmakers in New York that enough is enough and the laws need to change and they need to take away the power that criminals have to just commit crimes and be back out on the street days later. Meantime, breaking right now, we are also monitoring a situation at an FBI office in Atlanta. The agency says a man rammed the employee entrance with his car and then tried to enter the facility. Madison Scarpino has been reporting live on this for the past several minutes. Madison, what else are we learning about this?MADISON SCARPINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, we know that this happened just afternoon. As you said, someone rammed into the employee entrance of the FBI field office. Here in Atlanta, FBI also confirms that the suspect, who they said he, so it is a man, tried to then enter the facility. Thankfully, no one was injured and the suspect is being arrested by the DeKalb County Police. Now, the FBI has 56 field offices nationwide. This is one of them.It's where they carry out investigations, assess local and regional crime threats. And this location here in Atlanta, it's a well-known one for FBI employees. They lead some complex investigations. But just looking at the video that we have coming in right now, you can see it on your screen, this is happening as we speak. The bomb squad was on site, so we don't know if they are potentially looking for some sort of explosives inside of the car. That is not confirmed. Perhaps maybe just for precautionary measures, but we are working to get as much information as possible as we can on this case. But again, happened just after noon. You're looking at what is going on right now and we'll bring you all of the developments that we get, Trace.GALLAGHER: And we'll get back to you as the news warrants. Madison, thank you. Let's bring in retired FBI Special Agent, Chris Swecker. He joins us live by phone. We continue looking here at the live pictures from WAGA in Atlanta. Chris, thank you for coming on short notice. When you see this car ramming into the gate and then the barricade beyond the gate what's your first assessment of what you're seeing there?CHRIS SWECKER (RET.), FBI SPECIAL AGENT: Well, let's start with the premise that the Atlanta FBI field office is one of those standalone offices meaning that it's not in an office building somewhere and it is a very secure facility. So, we used to locate FBI offices in office buildings. Now, after 9-11, they've gone to their own facilities, their own premises. It's about the dumbest thing you can possibly try to do. And this, to me, reflects a very unsophisticated attacker here. Whatever their motive was, I think we'll find out pretty quickly. But this is not a real bright thing to do.GALLAGHER: But it's interesting, Chris, when you see, because clearly whoever this attacker is or was and going in through the fence you know that beyond the fence there's the barricade. So, the odds of getting in are slim to none, so clearly, the intent was to go beyond that. Clearly was the intent what happened is that this person actually tried to go into the actual facility itself and that's where you wonder what, what the nefarious intent was and what the plan might have been, is that fair?SWECKER: Yes, that's fair. I mean, you can get -- he may have been able to get by on foot and get to an entrance, but still can't get into the entrance. They're all secured by, by coded access and these are armed. I mean, these are very heavy doors. So, these FBI field officers are very secure. Then we had, during my tenure, we lost an FBI agent when someone did this, but it was at a police, it was at a task force located in a police department. These FBI field offices these days are extremely secure.GALLAGHER: Yes, well it looks like it. It really does, it looks like it. We are waiting for more information to come in. Chris Swecker, thank you for coming on, we appreciate it. And we will keep updating if any information comes in, any information from the bomb squad that is on the scene. We think that is standard operating procedure, but we will bring you the details as they become available to the story.Meantime, President Biden hitting back at critics for celebrating transgender day of visibility on Easter Sunday. This is what he posted on social media yesterday. Hours after this happy Easter message, Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, calling the move "outrageous, abhorrent." At the White House Easter Egg Roll earlier, the President called Johnson uninformed. Dave Rubin standing by, but first to the White House correspondent Peter Doocy. He's live for us on the North Lawn. Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Trace, this was the very first question in today's press briefing asked by the Associated Press. And officials at this, at today's briefing were insisting that Transgender Day of Visibility always happens on March 31st, Easter does not.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: For folks who understand the calendar and how it works, Easter falls on different Sundays, right? Every year. And this year it happened to coincide with Transgender Visibility Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Away from cameras today, President Biden was asked, Speaker Johnson called it outrageous that Easter Sunday was Transgender Day of Visibility. What do you say to Speaker Johnson? The President said he's thoroughly uninformed. Another question, uninformed how? The President said, I didn't do that. He did though, the White House's main X account did commemorate Transgender Day of Visibility and Easter. For some reason the Spanish language X account ignored Transgender Day of Visibility. But conservative Republicans look at all this and they say they're upset.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARSHA BLACKBURN (R-TN): I think everyone should be insulted by this. The intentional nature of this. Easter is a religious holiday. It is such a sacred day where we all meet at the cross.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: This is not an issue that really registers at all with people who are making up their minds about who to vote for in November. The economy does and President Biden said today in remarks on the Today Show he thinks the U.S. has the best economy in the world but that's going to be a problem for him too because two because the latest Fox poll gives trump a 15-point edge. They're still, it seems like White House officials would much rather go back to talking about things like that and things like this. Trace.GALLAGHER: Peter Doocy live for us at the White House. Peter, thank you. Let's bring in Dave Rubin, host of "The Rubin Report." Dave, great to have you on the show. I mean, this Trans Day of Visibility goes back 15 years. It's been on March 31st acknowledge fifteen years. I mean, they've been celebrating Easter for 2024 years. This is one of those things where the critics are saying, listen, couldn't you have just acknowledged Easter and then waited for Trans Day? It's not like it's the only day that celebrates transgender people.DAVE RUBIN, "THE RUBIN REPORT" HOST: Right, well, we do have June, which apparently is LGBTQI2 Spirit Month. I mean, couldn't they have just given them a day within June? I accept that they had Trans Day of Visibility on March 31st, but you also have to know that they knew that one day Easter was going to fall on March 31st. So, this was originally done by the Obama administration, I think probably intentionally, and as my friend Lisa Boothe pointed out on Fox, I think yesterday morning, they are basically trying to replace God with government.There is nothing that they won't do to insult virtually any person of faith. It sort of is what it is. You need only look at the tweets from government officials with their long essays about Trans Day of Visibility versus very short messages as it relates to Easter. So, most people see what's going on here, and it's not one of these things that we have to be absolutely outraged by other than acknowledge it see what's going on and vote accordingly.GALLAGHER: It's not just the acknowledgement here because the White House statement said the following here, David, is quoting here, "Sadly, it's unsurprising politicians are seeking to divide and weaken our country with cruel hateful and dishonest rhetoric. President Biden will never abuse his faith for political purposes or for profit." But as the White House is kind of dismissing these Christians as being hateful because they spoke up, because they're concerned about Easter having to share time with the Trans Day of Visibility, now they're suddenly hateful?RUBIN: No, it's so duplicitous that it's really incredible. We live in a time of a lot of incredible stuff. The idea that people who don't want the trans visibility day to fall on Easter somehow are the cruel or hateful ones. You know what might be considered cruel or hateful, Trace? It might be the genital mutilation of children or chemical castration of children or pumping their bodies full of hormones that are not congruent with their gender. That might be considered cruel and hateful. Maybe taking kids away from their parents as they want to do in California if they don't affirm, "affirm their gender identity". That would be cruel and hateful. Not trying to disconnect this day from the holiest day of the year for Christians.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. And we should just point out we have Trans Day of Remembrance, we have Trans Awareness Week, we have International Day Against Transphobia, we have International Pronouns Day and the list goes on and on and on, and all Christians are saying I've got fifteen seconds to wrap us up, Dave. All Christians are saying is couldn't we have put the focus; couldn't we have put the emphasis on the Easter?RUBIN: Trace, perhaps they could have put Trans Visibility Day today, which is also April Fool's Day.GALLAGHER: Yes, Dave Rubin, great to see you. Thank you, Sir. Meantime, Israel on high alert after reportedly carries out a targeted assassination of top Iranian military leader in Syria. Trey Yingst standing by on the breaking news and more coming up next on THE STORY.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, reports this hour of a deadly Israeli airstrike on Syria's capital of Damascus. State media now reporting there are several dead. And sources tell Reuters, the strike killed a key senior Iranian military commander.Foreign correspondent Trey Yingst is live for us in Tel Aviv with more on this. Trey.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good afternoon.We are learning more about that rare daytime strike in Damascus, Syria that killed top Iranian general, Mohammad Zahedi. Zahedi is the man responsible for weapons shipments from Iran to Syria, and places like Southern Lebanon.We also understand according to reports that other IRGC members were killed in the explosion. Syria's foreign minister reacting to all of this today, saying this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAISAL MEKDAD, FOREIGN MINISTER, SYRIA (through translator): We strongly condemn this criminal act carried out by the Zionist enemy, which led to the death of some innocent civilians who are passing by this street.So, again, we emphasize our position beside our brothers in the Iranian embassy and the Islamic Republic of Iran, and we ensure that Syria and the Islamic Republic don't forget their enemies.(END VIDEO CLIP)YINGST: It's critical to look at the location here. This strike took place in a building just next to the Iranian embassy in the capital of Syria. This has raised questions about the IRGC activities in Syria, and questions about what the response will be from Iran.There have already been a number of threats thrown out today by the regime in Tehran, with Iran's ambassador to Syria, saying the response will be swift, direct, and harsh. Remember, there is been an ongoing conflict for the past 178 days between Israel and Iranian proxies. Trace?GALLAGHER: Trey Yingst, back to you as the news warrant. Trey, thank you. Let's bring in Itay Milner, spokesperson for the Israeli consulate in New York. Itay, thank you for coming on.The state department has concerns about Israel going after the Iranian military. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: Before I came out, here, we are in conversations with partners in the region, gathering more information, but at this point, don't have confirmation, either of the target or the responsible party.As a general principle, of course, we are worried about escalation, we are worried about anything that would cause the conflict to expand or widen in any way.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So, the state department clearly worried about escalation. In your viewpoint, Itay, should they be more concerned and more, you know, involved with Israel being able to defend itself.ITAY MILNER, SPOKESMAN, ISRAELI CONSULATE IN NEW YORK: So, without going through the specifics of this incident, which I don't know who is responsible to it yet, I think that we are already in the stage of a larger conflict in the Middle East. We are being bombarded daily by Hezbollah in Lebanon, which is an Iranian proxy.Just last night, a drone infiltrated the city Eilat from Iraq -- from a pro-Iran militia. And we are being targeted for by the Houthis in Yemen, which is also an Iranian proxy, almost every day.So, I think we are already there. And the Iranians are -- they are behind everything that is going on in the Middle East right now. Every place that there is a conflict, they are there. And they cannot hide behind their proxies.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, you talk about the commander -- the Iranian commander who was killed, Mohammad Zahedi. And the question becomes that some say he could be the top commander, the biggest commander killed, that since Qasem Soleimani was killed several years ago. And you wonder what Iran's response might be to this Itay.Are you concerned about Hezbollah ramping things up about the Houthis -- ramping things up. Or Iran proper actually going after Israeli assets?MILNER: I think the concern right now is the Iranians will go after our diplomatic missions. And now, we are taking all the measures to keep security. That is true to all over the world. The Iranians attacked our foreign consulates and embassies around the world before -- in Argentina, in Azerbaijan, in Thailand, and in other places. So, that's certainly something that we are taking in mind.And, of course, the conflict in the Middle East. We are now almost at the brink of a -- of a -- of a total war, and we are trying to prevent it from happening.GALLAGHER: Yes. Lastly, I just want to play some sound. The protesters in Israel say they are not going after Benjamin Netanyahu. But some of them really believe that he needs to work harder to get these hostages released. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONEN NEUTRA, FATHER OF HOSTAGE HELD BY HAMAS: The demonstrations in Israel or the rallies are not against Netanyahu, but in favor of a deal. And if Netanyahu cannot provide a deal, then he has to go.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, clearly understandable, Itay, that they want their families, their loved ones released.MILNER: Everybody wants him to release. That's the thing that every Israeli is going to sleep with and waking up in the morning. We all want to see them coming back. We also don't want to see Hamas getting reorganized again. And it's a very delicate balance that you -- we have to do. I can assure you that all efforts to bring them back are being taken and I hope that we will see them back soon.GALLAGHER: Yes. Itay Milner, thank you for your time. We appreciate it, sir.Well, the White House levels blame at Republicans when asked about the illegal asylum seekers who took part in the border stampede now released on their own recognizance. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: And breaking today, a Texas judge granting an attorney's request to keep 37 migrants in jail, believed to be among the hundreds reportedly facing charges related to the storming of the border fence last month in El Paso.The chief correspondent Jonathan Hunt is live with us here in Los Angeles with the latest on this. Jonathan.JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF CORRESPONDENT: Trace, this chaos on the border now seems to have become chaos in the courtrooms, as it relates to those several 100 migrants you see in those pictures there, on March 21st, storming the razor wire barrier that had been put up by the National Guard there.They were trying to get to Border Patrol agents so that they could hand themselves in and effectively seek asylum. So, couple a hundred of them, we believe in total were arrested yesterday, Easter Sunday, a magistrate judge ordered that dozens of them should be released on their own recognizance. This was during a bond hearing, because he said, the D.A. wasn't ready to proceed with the cases.We don't know where those several dozen are now. They may have indeed been released. They may actually be in ICE custody. We don't know it at this point.But then, today, we had a similar hearing for dozens more of those migrants and in this case, the public defender waived the right to ask for release, because she said she wants them to stay in jail because she can contact them there. If they get handed over to ICE, she will not be able to contact them.So, complete chaos in the courts, it seems at the moment as regards that large group of migrants who rushed the razor wire fence.Now, Karine Jean-Pierre at the White House was asked about this situation today, she didn't actually directly address the legal situation, she did say this. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: As the event unfolded, the Border Patrol was able to act quickly and get the situation under control and apprehend the migrants. And we were grateful that the Border Patrol was able to do their job.This President a couple months ago work with the Senate in a bipartisan fashion to get a negotiation done. Because they didn't move forward with this proposal because of the last president and because they -- they put politics in ahead of the American people, we are seeing chaos.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: So whether you blame congress as Karine Jean-Pierre did there or you blame the White House or in this situation? You blame perhaps the courts nobody's going to argue with Karine Jean-Pierre when she says it is chaos on the border. It is chaos.GALLAGHER: It is chaos. It's chaos in Texas. It's chaos in California where they're just walking away and the judge is saying you just go, go and walk wherever you want and go back to Mexico, walk in California.Jonathan, thank you.HUNT: Sure.GALLAGHER: Let's bring in Rodney Scott, former Border Patrol Chief under Presidents Trump and Biden. In 2021, he says he was essentially forced out of the position by the Biden administration. He is now a Senior distinguished fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation.Rodney, great to have you on here kind of the conversation Jonathan and I were just having here. There is chaos now on the border and in the courtrooms along the borderRODNEY SCOTT, FORMER U.S. BORDER PATROL CHIEF: Yeah, everything about this administration's border security strategy and immigration policy if you want to call it that, is chaos. This administration walked away from 27 years of bipartisan border security strategy based on deterring crime, preventing crime before it happened. And they chose to step back with a catcher's mitt and just simply react to crime, even though we all warned them that this would happen.And this is the chaos that ensues just the massive numbers, and then chaos kills people whether it's right here, the potential clash with Texas and everything that could have happened or the migrants in route or the cartels just bringing fentanyl across everything about this administration is chaos and her -- her assertion that that Senate bill would have solved this problem is just not true.GALLAGHER: We know that Rodney. That's the whole point is we have gone over this. So we have people down to the border every single day. We have litigated this. We know that the President could stop this tomorrow if he so chose to do so, but they don't. They want to continue to blame Republicans for this and it's simply not true.SCOTT: Yeah, not only is it not true now we have the secretary going to foreign nations and talking about their strategy and basically pushing this whole Senate bill. But again, you know, you'll never hear them talking about protecting America or actually securing the border, all they ever talk about is expediting the processing of individuals. It results in catch and release and then that encourages even more and more people to come, the cartel uses them as cover, so they can bring in other criminal threats and narcotics. And like you just said, it's Groundhog Day, we keep talking about this over and over again.GALLAGHER: Yeah.SCOTT: But this administration doesn't care about facts or evidence, it's all about, you know, their political talking points.GALLAGHER: Yeah, I want to play this sound from the "New York Post" reporter who actually posted the riot video. Here's what she had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIE TAER, NEW YORK POST TEXAS REPORTER: Add myself and James Breeden and our photographer, up and down there recording this. I'm not sure what would have happened in this case. The individuals who have been charged here were caught on video. We all saw what happened. I saw with my own eyes . And then, you know, of course they're released on their own recognizance, which means they're saying -- the judge is saying that these people aren't a flight risk.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And the bottom line here Rodney is, is they just don't have the resources down on the border to handle this not even -- not in the courtrooms, not along the border, nowhere. And when you mix in the "gotaways" with the walkaways you have -- you have people just moving into the country that we have no idea what their intent is or who they are.SCOTT: 100% agree and now you have a judge in California basically alluding to the fact that Border Patrol should be feeding and giving shelter to these people while they're waiting to be arrested. And I do want people to look at that video that's playing on the screen closely. You know what you don't see, Border Patrol agents. Because they're in processing what they caught yesterday and they're transporting, those are all national guard guys there. If the State of Texas hadn't stepped up, those people would already be in Chicago.GALLAGHER: Yeah, that's exactly right. Rodney Scott, great to have you on the show as always. Thank you.Well, back now to the breaking news we brought you at the top of the hour involving this vehicle that rammed an FBI office in Chamblee, Georgia. Sources giving Fox News information about the condition of the suspect after he crashed into the entrance of that office. And then tried to enter the facility.Back now to Madison Scarpino, she's been watching this live all day long. Madison, what else do we know?SCARPINO: Well Trace, yeah, according to senior law enforcement sources to Fox News that suspect is in a local hospital being evaluated for possible injuries. They are unidentified at this moment. No name is being released. FBI agents are continuing to inspect the car, has matt's outfits and more. People were walking into there with those on, some big gas masks. And so they were really just waiting for an all-clear from the scene and then they're going to tow the car.But an FBI source does say that the suspect was trying to follow employees into this gate. It was an employee entrance that they rammed into. And just to recap everything, it all started around noon when officials tell us that driver slammed into that employee entrance. It was stopped by a security blockade, you can see on the video it clearly worked, the car is wrecked. The airbags went off and the FBI says that the driver again did try to go into this facility. Fortunately officials say that person was not successful. Nobody was injured. And local authorities did arrest the man, but we do know again that he is in a local hospital.It's been several hours since this all happened but it seems to be that there are still some armored vehicles at the scene as of this moment. But again at one point someone did approach the car with a lot of those hazardous gear. We did ask the bomb squad if this was standard procedure or if they had a reason to believe that there might be a bigger threat, but we are still waiting an answer when it comes to that.And as for the building it's in Chamblee, Georgia. It's just outside of Atlanta if you're from the area, it's just off of I-85 north, near the DeKalb County Peachtree Airport. It's one of 56 field offices in the nation. But again, the situation is still very much so developing. We're tracking everything and we'll keep you updated, Trace.GALLAGHER: Madison Scarpino live for us, again, in Atlanta. Madison, thank you.Meantime Karl Rove, Jason Chaffetz, and Patrick Murphy on President Biden's failure to win over voters on big issues like immigration and the economy. They are next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Another prison sentence for convicted murderer Alex Murdaugh, this time on federal financial charges. The disgraced South Carolina attorney sentenced to 40 years for stealing millions from clients. Murdaugh telling the judge today, quoting, "I am filled with sorrow, I am filled with remorse."In November, he was sentenced to 27 years at the state level for similar crimes. That's on top of two life sentences for the murders of his wife Maggie and his son Paul back in 2021.Well, when asked to name President Biden's biggest accomplishment, many voters, nearly 40%, hard-pressed to come up with pretty much anything. In the same "Fox" poll, a majority also say they're worse off financially compared to four years ago.Let's bring in Karl Rove, former White House Deputy Chief of Staff. Jason Chaffetz, former Utah Congressman, both are Fox News contributors. Also with us, Patrick Murphy, former Democrat Congressman from Pennsylvania and former Undersecretary of the Army. Thank you all for coming on.Karl, to you first, when 38% of the voters can't think of anything that you've done and your second biggest accomplishment is that you're not Trump. It's not really, I mean, you're not really ringing all the bells.KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, no, President Biden's job approval rating, I think, is just under 40%, near two earlier points where it was lower, but no president has ever been reelected who had approval ratings as poor as President Biden has today.GALLAGHER: Yeah, it really is. And James Carville, Jason Chaffetz, says that Biden's numbers have gotten a smidge better. Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: I do think that the polling has gotten a little bit better. But we're not going to replicate the 2020 coalition. President Biden could win the election, but in terms of identifying which party, in terms of building as you go forward, the male detachment in the United States is a significant problem, particularly among what we would call non-white males.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yeah, I mean, he's right, Jason. When you look at the non-white males that he's talking about, oh, the polls are not beneficial to Democrats.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, the economy is upside down. They keep telling us. The fundamental problem I think Biden has is he's lied to us over the last three years. He said that Bidenomics works and that inflation is down. It's not down. Life is more expensive.They told us for three-plus years that the border was safe and secure. It's not. You just have to watch the stories and you see that it's not true.And then he tells us that everything's going to be OK overseas and that he supports Israel, but his actions say otherwise. So he has a credibility problem and a communications problem because he doesn't have the cognitive capability or the energy to go out and match a Donald Trump and tell a story that's believable to the American people.GALLAGHER: Yeah, it's interesting when you talk about credibility, Patrick Murphy, because the whole point here is that you have, as we showed in an earlier poll, you have 76% of the population that are either worse off today or they're the same today. At least that's the way they feel. But you have President Biden, here he is, saying the economy could not be better.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) U.S. PRESIDENT: We have the best economy in the world. We've got to make it better. I think we're going to find out that what happened is a consequence of the crisis we had in health is going to have a lasting effect. And we've just got to get people to move again. We're ready. I mean, I think the country's ready to come together in a way. I mean that sincerely. I'm truly optimistic.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I don't know, Patrick. Outside the door, gas is back to $6 a gallon, over $6 a gallon. People are not feeling this.PATRICK MURPHY, (D) FORMER PA CONGRESSMAN: Trace, I love you. I know that's not an April Fool's joke. I just got gas this morning. It was $3.40 here in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. So -- and it's not -- maybe in California or somewhere like that. But, yeah, where we lived, you know, I would say it's not the case. And I think the average in America is actually about $3.24 right now. But in Bucks County, it was $3.40.So -- but regardless, I do think, the American people, I will admit, have been put through the wringer. We went through COVID. It was the worst healthcare disaster in decades. We lost a million Americans to COVID. And then we had inflation all across the world. Because why? There's war in Europe when Russia illegally invaded Ukraine. There's war in the Middle East with the Hamas terrorist attack. So there's a lot we have to do.But for the folks on this panel to say inflation, which was up at 7%, that now it's down at 2.4%, that hasn't gone down, it's crazy. Yes, it's been more expensive to buy eggs. And we've got to do a better job than that. But to say it's not trending in the right direction is I think an April Fool's joke that is absolutely not funny.GALLAGHER: I don't know, Karl, the April Fool's joke thing here. But I can tell you this, that Ro Khanna said this, he was mentioning -- Ro Khanna says these things about the economy and the war in the Middle East. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RO KHANNA (D-CA): I think once the war comes to an end under the president's leadership, his numbers will improve, just like his numbers have bounced back on the economy.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, we've already talked about the economy numbers. What about when this war is over, Karl? Do you see Biden's numbers coming back?ROVE: No, I don't, because the President has lost the confidence in the American people when it comes to things international. His numbers began to decline precipitously across the board following the withdrawal from Afghanistan and the death of 13 American military in a suicide bombing. And he's shown, you know, he's been right on Ukraine, in my opinion, but slow walking it, and too slow, and not strong enough.And now on Israel, he initially was strong on Israel, and now he's waffling again for politics reasons. That's what's undermining him. The sense that the President does things, not because the right thing to do, but because they're the political thing to do.And we're seeing that play out in his attempt now to force Bibi Netanyahu, the elected governor -- elected president of that, leader of that state, of that nation, he's trying to force him out of office by unleashing Chuck Schumer and administration figures to say, Bibi Netanyahu's doing the wrong thing. This is reprehensible because it's all about politics, and in this case, about 200,000 Arab American voters in a critical battleground state, namely Michigan.GALLAGHER: Yeah, and Jason, look, we talk to people all the time, we talk to people all the time, Jason Chaffetz, very quickly and then we'll move on, because they say that, listen, moderate Democrats, the more that Biden goes to the left, the more these moderate Democrats and these Jewish Americans are upset.CHAFFETZ: Yeah, he's lurched to the radical left, he's out there to appease these progressives. And the average Democrat of years ago, they don't know where to go. They don't know where to go because he doesn't relate to them. He just -- his message rings hollow and the promise of Joe Biden was to bring the country together, and he's done exactly the opposite. He's divided us more than ever.GALLAGHER: Patrick, final thoughts.MURPHY: My final thoughts are, the only people slow-walking Ukraine is the Speaker of the House, the Republican Speaker of the House. If there's a bill passed, they want to pass this, he won't even put up for a vote.Number two, when you have a Republican congressman, Tim Walberg, who Jason and I both served with, say we should turn the people in Gaza and the Palestinians, the fact that we should make it Hiroshima and Nagasaki, make it a parking lot, that's horrible. That is not -- the people are protesting because there's people that are dying there, we need to make sure we take out the terrorist organization Hamas and make sure we bring them to justice, who kidnapped and killed innocent Israeli people.GALLAGHER: Yeah. If they stop today, if they stop the war today, Hamas would again, every expert says, take over Gaza, and then maybe take over the West Bank, and then you've got two sides facing you.Karl Rove, Jason Chaffetz, Patrick Murphy, thank you all.We are awaiting a possible update from officials in Chamblee, Georgia, where a man rammed the entrance of an FBI facility with his car and tried to enter that facility. Nobody was injured. We will bring you that live when we get it.Plus, President Biden's climate dream to make trucks go green. Shark Tank investor Kevin O'Leary is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back now to the story breaking involving this vehicle that rammed an FBI office in Chamblee, Georgia. Here's correspondent Madison Scarpino. She's live again for us in Atlanta. Madison.SCARPINO: Hi, Trace. We just wanted to give you a quick update from the FBI. They can now confirm to us that the suspect was taken to Grady Medical Hospital in the heart of Atlanta for a mental evaluation.But again, they say he will be arrested. The car was actually just towed away from the facility just a short time ago. We were told that the FBI was first making sure there was nothing dangerous inside the car, so it must have been all clear. But we're here monitoring all the developments. Wanted to give you that update, and we'll keep you updated on everything else we learn, Trace.GALLAGHER: And we'll get back to you as the news comes in, Madison. Thank you.Meantime, President Biden's ambitious push to put electric vehicles on the road extending to big trucks. The EPA now rolling out new standards to force more semi-trucks, buses and other heavy-duty vehicles to be emission- free in the next eight years. Environmental groups are cheering the move, but critics say the decision will inevitably drive up the cost of goods.In moments, Shark Tank star Kevin O'Leary. But first to Fox Business Correspondent Grady Trimble. He's live for us at the White House. Grady.GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Trace. This new EPA rule aims to cut pollution from commercial vehicles in the same way that the EPA wants to limit tailpipe emissions from passenger vehicles. As you noted, the environmental groups, they like it. The Sierra Club says this, "It's crucial that truck manufacturers get into the fast lane with zero emission trucks that deliver -- to deliver the climate, health and economic benefits we deserve."This particular rule will apply to semi-trucks, city buses, box trucks and garbage trucks starting with model year 2027 and getting progressively stricter through 2032. Practically what it means is yes, a lot more electric semi-trucks and buses on the road by then. But the groups representing the trucking industry and the bus industry say the new rules are unrealistic and expensive and will hit smaller businesses hardest.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS SPEAR, AMERICAN TRUCKING ASSOCIATIONS PRESIDENT & CEO: These are the businesses that can't afford trucks that are going to be three times as expensive, assuming they can get these electric trucks. They're not going to have a place to plug in. They're not going to have the power flowing through the infrastructure to charge. They're going to be out of business.(END VIDEO CLIP)TRIMBLE: The trucking industry points to these numbers from the Clean Freight Coalition. They say going all electric in their industry will cost about $1 trillion and that's just for charging infrastructure and grid upgrades. It doesn't even take into account the trucks themselves. As you also noted Trace, as transportation prices go up, so do prices for everything that we buy and that's what they say will happen here. Trace?GALLAGHER: Grady Trimble live for us in the White House. Grady, thank you. A little bit of breaking news. The FBI presser is right now. Watch.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're looking at both state and federal charges. There are no injuries. Agents at Bomb Techs are checking the vehicle as a precaution as part of our standard operating procedures. We don't have any further information at this time as it is an ongoing investigation. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can we ask (OFF MIC)?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah. So earlier we heard that he was actually trying to follow an employee into the gate after that employee opened the gates, and then the gateway came back and he actually rammed the gate.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That is correct, yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (OFF MIC).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He tried to following and tried getting into the gate, but our security precautions prevented him from getting in.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So the gate's closed, then he tried ramming it?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't confirm that, no. I'm not sure.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He did ram it?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes sir, yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because I saw the (OFF MIC).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't -- I can't say that at this point. We haven't done our investigation yet.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No knowledge for motives?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I -- not at the time, no.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's no evidence thus far that this was some kind of terrorist attack?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't answer that, at that point, No.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, do we have type of training for situations like this?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We do. We actually trained for this type situation. We recently did have training to prevent this, that we had done before, yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Does this happened before?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not -- not something like this, not to my knowledge.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The suspect (OFF MIC).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not that I can -- I can say at this time, I don't know.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (OFF MIC).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Absolutely, any type of situation like this we always go and we do like a hot wash, we should -- we go sit down we talk about the situation, absolutely.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (OFF MIC).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't say that at this point, still an ongoing investigation.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right, thank you guys.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right, thank you so much. Thank you.GALLAGHER: Yeah, let's bring in, by the way, Kevin O'Leary. The FBI has no information on this guy, but he has been taken to a mental health hospital. Let's bring in Kevin O'Leary, Chairman of O'Leary Ventures and Shark Tank Investor. We're trying to get this time in.Kevin, I want your thoughts on the whole concept of pushing these EVs, knowing it's going to rise costs for a lot of items across the country?KEVIN O'LEARY, O'LEARY VENTURES CHAIRMAN: Unfortunately, everybody knows this mandates timing is impossible. We talk about this quite a bit in the sector of the economy, where 500 to 500 employees, small businesses that use a lot of transportation services for consumer goods and services. There's no way this is going to work on that schedule. It probably takes seven to ten years longer. So the batteries don't exist for this. These trucks that are designed now can't even go past 200 miles. That's not the definition of a long-haul transport. That a short haul of transport, won't work.The grid is woefully underserved. There is not enough charging stations. None of this going work. And I don' want to be a pessimist on it. It's just not realistic. And so what's going to have to happen is you see this mandate fall off, its targets over the next 36 months. It's going to have be adjusted.Otherwise you basically bankrupt where 62% of jobs are created in America, small business. You can't wipe out small businesses in America with a lofty mandate that doesn't have even the technology to make it happen. It's -- we don't the tech.GALLAGHER: Yeah.O'LEARY: So, let's everybody wake up and smell the lithium batteries for a while. They don't work yet.GALLAGHER: Yeah, Kevin O 'Leary great to have you on. We apologize about the abridged interview. But thank you for that.And that is the story of Monday, April 1st, 2024. As always, the story goes on. I'll see you again tonight, "Fox News @ Night, 8 o'clock in the West, 11 o'clock on the East. Thank you for joining us. "Your World with Neil Cavuto" starts right now.