LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I know some of the girls are filing a lawsuit. You decided you wanted to handle it your own way.Thank you all, Emmy, AJ and Josie. Thanks so much.All right, that's it for us tonight. What a sock-o show. Thank you for being with us.Follow me on social media remember it is America now and forever and Jesse, he takes it from here.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: The mostly peaceful Arab Spring break is spreading.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm leading by a lot in every swing state and leading in the general election. I think the public has figured it out, because the poll numbers are the highest they have ever been.WATTERS: The judge threatens to throw Trump in jail as his poll numbers pop.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: First degree attempted murder, three counts of aggravated assault. One count aggravated criminal damage. I've read the whole Bible when I was in that cell.WATTERS: The "Get It Together" series continues with a soldier from the Latin Kings.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is my life, my story so I have to tell it.WATTERS: Plus --(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A monkey.WATTERS: Fox News Alert: The Arab Spring break has officially turned violent. Columbia University over the last 24 hours has gone from a terrorist tent city to a frenzied invasion and occupation.After the Ivy League school failed to enforce its 2:00 PM deadline yesterday, the caliphate spread into Hamilton Hall.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(PROTESTERS chanting "Intifada.")UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Long live the intifada.PROTESTERS: Long live the Intifada.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: From the river to the sea.PROTESTERS: From the river to the sea.PROTESTERS: Columbia you will see.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Palestine is almost free.PROTESTERS: Palestine is almost free.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You guys are the ones dragging people away.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is assault. This is assault.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're shoving me.(PROTESTERS chanting "Free, free Palestine.")(PROTESTERS chanting)(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Joe Biden is silent after a black bloc anarchist and keffiyeh-clad crusaders, January sixed themselves into university buildings, screaming "Intifada."Overnight janitors were held hostage by the mob and Jewish students feel the tremors of Germany in the 30s. Some students feel like it's just another Tuesday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE JONES, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: How do you feel about them taking over the building right now?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that their cause is a just cause.JONES: Do you feel like it was right to hold three of the janitor workers hostage inside of the building?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that's a really false narrative.JONES: That's what the janitors are saying that they weren't allowed to leave.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that that's a really false narrative.JONES: How do you feel about some of the Jewish students saying that they don't feel safe here on campus?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that this is also a really false narrative that is being promoted.JONES: Do you think October 7th and the attack that happened is a false news? Do you believe that some of the women were raped?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My colleague just came back. One moment.JONES: So this is what happened --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you get out of my face, please?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Columbia students are living in another world, but that's about to change because the NYPD held a press conference just hours ago stating that outside agitators known to police for their criminal activity, unaffiliated with Columbia are directing the violent escalation at the school.Police detailed their tactics.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DEPUTY COMMISSIONER REBECCA WEINER, INTELLIGENCE AND COUNTERTERRORISM, POLICE DEPARTMENT: We see individuals in black bloc attire, scaling buildings breaking into windows, barricades being made out of furniture or being dragged from the lawn into Hamilton Hall.Cameras that have been destroyed and there's only one reason to destroy a camera. It's certainly not something anyone is taught to do in school.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The NYPD releasing images from last night's siege. The police have to be invited on campus to make arrests because Columbia is private property.The press conference was designed to force the hand of the university president, all they need is a phone call. Police warning that the terrorists' takeovers will spread.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WEINER: This is an escalation that while it began last night at Columbia, we do expect it to continue beyond one building on one campus, but to other protests to other universities, potentially to other cities.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The Columbia caliphate says it is not going anywhere. The only problem is, they are hungry. So the geniuses built a little pulley system They wanted Italian, but they couldn't really figure out how to hoist a pizza box to the second floor so they just packed sandwiches in a crate instead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This looks delicious.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So it's officially a standoff. Columbia is threatening to expel the Keffiyeh Antifa, but the Keffiyeh Antifa are demanding humanitarian aid.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you want students to die of dehydration and starvation or get severely ill even if they disagree with you? If the answer is no, then you should allow basic -- I mean, it's crazy to say because we're on an Ivy League campus, but this is like basic humanitarian aid we're asking for like could people please have a glass of water?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Just like Hamas, they attack you then demand you feed them. They're literally asking to be catered to while they threaten to burn down the school.And the belly shirt on the Palestinian guy in the background, fierce, not going to lie.The woman you just heard from wrote her dissertation on fantasies of limitless energy in the transatlantic romantic imagination, specifically Karl Marx's metabolic rift, exploring the imagination and poetry as interpreted through a Marxian lens.Columbia has Bud Lighted their brand. I didn't think you could make Brown look normal, but you did. Who would have thought scrapping the SATs, injecting DEI, CRT, affirmative action, and thousands of foreign exchange students would have created America's first Sharia law school. Well done.Just like Black Lives Matter, it is spreading across the country because liberal leaders won't enforce their own laws.Libraries are being stormed in Virginia and innocent Jewish bystanders at UCLA are being chased down by women wielding tasers.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: At George Washington University, Arab Spring Breakers desecrated a statue of George Washington. Spray painting "Genocidal War Monger University."College campuses look like CHOP in Seattle. Terror teepees pockmark the quads. And if you're a Jewish student, they check your papers and ban your entry.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You guys want to prevent Jewish students from entering, fine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got a couple of Jewish students. Are you Zionist?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Of course, I am Zionist.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, we don't allow Zionists in a Palestinian protest.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're going this way. You guys have closed the entrance. We are UCLA students. I have my ID right here. I'm being blocked off, not by the security, but by you two, you three. Oh, look, they're making the border wall. I'm going this way. Excuse me.This is what they do. Everybody look at this. Look at this. I'm a UCLA student. I deserve to go here. We pay tuition. This is our school and they're not letting me walk in.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: In the 1930s, Nazis barred Jews from stepping foot inside the University of Vienna. In 2024, Jews can't walk freely at universities in California. Protesters reportedly chanting "Go back to the gas chamber." None of this bothers the squad. AOC says the police are the problem.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): What we're seeing here is just a history. We have a history in this country of student activism and student protest. To see a university call police enforcement in on the very students that whose safety they are in charge of I think is extremely alarming.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: "Morning Joe" who knows what defund the police did to Democrats are terrified this is Joe Biden's January 6.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKA BRZEZINSKI, MSNBC HOST: We've all been sitting and watching this going what the hell is going on? What are these universities doing? Why aren't they doing something? And I'll echo the horror that this does look like January 6. What a terrible example for our students.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden who can't stop talking about January 6 is hiding under his desk. Michael Moore says if Biden doesn't get it together, Trump is president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL MOORE, FILMMAKER: I'd like to speak to one particular individual and that is President Biden. His chance of not being re-elected, I think at this point is so great.We're going to lose the election. We're going to lose Michigan if we don't turn this around. If President Biden doesn't turn this around, that is going to do more to put Trump back in the White House and I refuse to have Donald Trump back in the White House.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Before his show trial this morning, Trump put the chaos squarely on Joe's shoulders.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The Biden protests that are going on are horrible, it is all caused by him, because he doesn't know how to speak. He can't put two sentences together. He's going to get out and make a statement because the colleges are being overrun in this country.The antisemitism and all of the problems going on, they're being overrun. I've never seen anything like that.He said he ran because of Charlottesville. Well, if the people that know Charlottesville, when you extend the statement, it's a big hoax what was, what they say was said, and they understand that, and Charlottesville is peanuts compared to what you're looking at now.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Twenty-year-old college students have shown more backbone than the commander-in-chief.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Over the last couple of weeks, we have witnessed pro- Hamas protesters setting up encampments all over the country, while they cower behind their masks and hide who they are. We stand tall and proudly in voice our message to the world, Israel is not going anywhere. The Jewish people are not going anywhere.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Adam Boehler is a former Taliban negotiator and he joins me now. So it looks like the NYPD, Adam, has deployed a special unit up to Columbia. They are staging outside, it looks like the quad a little bit, probably waiting for the phone call from the university president to make a move here.How would you handle this situation?ADAM BOEHLER, FORMER TALIBAN NEGOTIATOR: I think you have to let the boys in blue do their job. They do when they're called and I think the situation that we're in in the first place, you mentioned in your monologue, Jesse, we're here because of a policy of appeasement.University kids wouldn't be in this situation if we weren't afraid to act just like we are in foreign policy.WATTERS: Last, I think what -- less than 24 hours ago, you had a deadline. At two o'clock they were supposed to skedaddle or face consequences. No consequences, so they bum rush the building and now are holding it hostage.BOEHLER: We've all raised children and university kids are doing what university kids do. They do stupid things. Our job as university officials, our job as adults is to be the adults in the room and set boundaries. When you don't do that, the kids take things over.WATTERS: And when you were negotiating with the Taliban, do you see any similarities?BOEHLER: A hundred percent. You called it a caliphate in Columbia. This is how caliphates happen.When we negotiated with the Taliban, we always knew that we had strength and we had action behind us. When you have no action, you have what happened in Afghanistan, things fall apart. Things get taken over like this.You've got to back things up with words -- with action. When it's all words and all appeasement, this is what you get. When it's all words and it is all appeasement, you end up with an empowered Hamas, and this is what's happening right now in Columbia.WATTERS: Now it looks like probably several dozen NYPD officers in tactical gear, helmets, riot masks. It looks like they may be even entering the official campus right now.This would have been a lot easier if this was cleaned up in the quad. They had tents, you could come at them from any direction. This is going to be a lot trickier now because they're going to have to go into a building.What is that going to look like? And what kind of challenges will that present?BOEHLER: You're highlighting the exact difference. Look at what happened in Texas. They avoided this situation. It can get messy now. And now they have no choice to call in NYPD in a situation where they're under leveraged, where it's lose-lose, because you're going to see people against American students.They should have stepped forward in the first place, just like they did in Florida, just like they did in Texas. You've got to avoid it before it gets to this point. And again, making the analogy to foreign policy. You've got to avoid a situation in Russia before Putin attacks. You've got to act with action and that's how they could have avoided the situation because it might get dicey right now.WATTERS: It's going to get more than dicey. There's going to be thousands of cameras, iPhones, all pointed at every interaction that you're going to see and it's going to be exploited.If you have men in blue go in and the door is barricaded. You know you're not going through the window. There's probably two doors and you have professional criminal agitators as you heard the NYPD person say. These are people known to law enforcement. They've studied and trained in how to conduct de-arrest tactics. How gnarly could it get?BOEHLER: I think the pictures are going to look gnarly, but I also trust our police forces. I trust the NYPD. They are well-trained, and their job is going to be to subdue folks, people that remain threats and do it with the appropriate amount of force to make arrests here.I do trust our police officers and I believe they'll do their job.WATTERS: We're now hearing from CBS, a report that the Biden White House wants to bring in thousands of refugees from Gaza. Thousands of refugees from Gaza, Palestinians that if you look at the polling, prove they hate America, that they support the 9/11 attacks, that they support the October 7th attacks and Joe Biden wants him here.What is that going to look like?BOEHLER: The president should spend more of his effort, getting our hostages home and ending this situation in the first place. There are Americans there and now we're going to import people?There's a reason why Egypt, which is right next to an Arab country does not accept Palestinian refugees right now. We need to end this situation and the way you end the situation is you end the hostage standoff and you do that through strength.It is not talking about hosting refugees, it is ending this through strength, and that is what the administration should be doing and that is what our administration would do.WATTERS: All right, Adam Boehler, thank you so much.BOEHLER: Thank you. Thanks for having me.WATTERS: Let's now bring in former FBI Special Agent Jonathan Gilliam.Jonathan, you've been looking at these pictures. What should we expect? This looks like it's building into something.JONATHAN GILLIAM, FORMER FBI SPECIAL AGENT: Well, this is a strategic response group. It's their riot police, I guess you could call them with the NYPD.Well, they have to be very careful here because your previous guest is excellent in describing the similarities here and you yourself with the caliphate. And one thing that you have to remember, Hamas is an Iran propaganda machine and proxy warrior group, and that is what these people are kind of going off of.And what they do is, they will use the propaganda, the pictures of these police coming in and making this look worse than it is when they just try to push them out. They're going to use this propaganda and this is where the NYPD has to be very careful right now, because they can make this not just worse there, but all over the world.These are happening in France, these same leftists and all the universities around the country. This is where the game gets dicey.WATTERS: Could you have used campus police to clear out the terror tent city on the quad before you even had to get to this level?GILLIAM: They could have used campus police to shut the university down before they got there. That's the problem, and NYPD and all the law enforcement agencies around the country need to realize what they're dealing with.I think it's very interesting that you brought up that Joe Biden wants to bring these people here and put them in the vicinity of this type of a protest because what that ends up being, even if 10 percent of those people end up joining these groups, that's a force multiplier.And people need to realize that you can look at the tents at all of these different protests around the country. It's the same tents. These people don't own tents. They had those bought for them.There are professionals that are running these types of protests, and these professionals are in league with Hamas, which is Iran, and this is what we need to realize. Any force multiplier that they get is going to be a problem.WATTERS: We're just hearing that a considerable amount of students at Columbia undergrad and postgrad are foreign-born students. These are foreign exchange students or these are people that have come from other countries to go to school at Columbia, thousands of them. Do you believe that they are playing a factor in this uprising?GILLIAM: Well, I mean, if the professors are playing a role in it, so are the different students themselves from different locations.You have to understand, Jesse, and you know this and most of people watching this realize that these universities are basically grooming and training centers for people. They are groomed -- students are groomed to believe the nonsense that these professional indoctrination experts put out.And so whether it is professors or students coming here from other locations, what you're seeing are trained individuals using what Saul Alinsky called the useful idiots, and in this case, those who are mediocre at best in their critical thinking are joining in on this process along with people who jump in on every type of social protest, whether it be abortion, whether it be animal rights liberation, the full spectrum of these people are here.WATTERS: Yes. Well, they're not that smart because they can't bring a pizza box to the second floor. Jonathan Gilliam, thank you so much for joining JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.We're going to continue to follow the Keffiyeh Antifa up at Columbia.Plus, a former Latin King.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: We are watching a live NYPD standoff with pro-Hamas protesters at Columbia. Let's go to Alexis McAdams -- Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Jesse.Well, I'm going to walk you a little bit closer here to the scene so you can see what we're seeing here right outside of Columbia University. We're going to move our camera up all the way.This is the police presence here right in front of Colombia. So they haven't blocked off for several blocks here and they have been moving more and more police in. They are in riot gear. But this is what they've done pretty much every time they've increased their presence here outside of Colombia.We also just saw a few buses pass by, NYPD buses, which was how they brought those students last time once they were suspended right into police headquarters. So you can kind of see that area here.We've also heard some announcements coming kind of over the speaker here. I've checked in with some NYPD sources who tell me they're still just gathering here and have that ongoing police presence, but they haven't been given the call according to sources to move into Columbia University.We know that there has been growing calls for the president, right, of Columbia, Jesse, to step down. People think she is not handling this crisis very well. Why? Because look around.I mean, this isn't even on the campus. This is outside the campus, so then the NYPD has to move in to really try to take care of things and we haven't seen any be arrested just yet.But this comes after that night of chaos just last night, right? Those students taking over Hamilton Hall there. They are still inside. They ordered in some pizzas, some food today. So they seem like they're comfortable here, as are the protesters who continue to gather every single night here outside Columbia.We've been trying to check in with some protesters. We'll try again.Is there anything you would want to tell the university in terms of you know, trying to, do you think that these students should be suspended? Should they be kicked off campus?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Absolutely not. I mean, there's so much history that we've seen in our United States Revolution. These people, these kids, whether young, old, or whatever the case may be, they deserve to be here. Without a protest, none of us would be here.MCADAMS: What about with, you know, the way that the campus was damaged last night? You know, they smashed the windows at Hamilton Hall they took over there.That's breaking not just campus policy, right, but that's, you know, violating the law.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, that's totally fine. I mean, what Israel is doing and what the United States is doing is so much more than just worth broken glass.We will always be able to repair that glass, but the fact that there's thirty, forty thousand lives that will never ever, ever be taken back again.MCADAMS: Yes. So what will you guys do when the police come right in here, and you know, end up maybe handcuffing people and arresting them?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We will do what we always have done, we'll get arrested, just like the criminals in the subway. They are always right back out in 24 hours.MCADAMS: Twenty-four hours in New York City. That's right. That's about -- that's about correct. So that's kind of some of sentiment that we're hearing here on campus.But we have seen the police move in. We've seen an increased presence, but according to sources, Jesse, no call just yet from Minouche Shafik, so I'll keep you posted.WATTERS: All right, Alexis, thank you so much.You've got Day 9 of the Trump trial in the case where they won't tell us what the crime is and the judge is threatening to throw the Republican nominee in jail for exercising his freedom of speech.You know what? Actually, we're going to go back now to Alexis.Alexis, what's happening now?MCADAMS: Yes, so I'm going to show you here, these NYPD officers just pulled up. So this is kind of a look here. They have their riot gear, and they're walking in.We're talking dozens of police, okay. So this shows you the NYPD is not messing around at this point. They're sick and tired of these students kind of taking over the university. And if the university is going to allow it, it doesn't mean the police department has to because things have been getting a little bit out of hand here and a little bit out-of-control.So they are trying to step in, even though you know, their faces are covered here, and they don't want to talk to the media, but the cops are going to go in and do what they do best, try to get everything under control.We've talked to, you know, the Chief of Patrol several times, who said that they're not going to do this in New York City. They are going to send in the NYPD, the city's best guys and try to get this under control. They're going to block things off here as best as they can. Because they don't want things to get out of hand.You saw what happened there with the breaking of the glass, right, inside and them taking over at that specific part of campus. They don't want it to get out of hand on the streets or have any more students saying they don't feel safe.I talked to kids earlier, Jesse, that said they called 911 last night for the NYPD asking them to come in and help. But they couldn't really do much because the university didn't give them a call yet.So with all of this increased police presence, it might have been the truth that they got that call right now.What do you think about what's going on here?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that this is what needs to happen. That is not what needs to happen.MCADAMS: What are you going to do when they start arresting students?WATTERS: All right, it looks like we lost the protester.Alexis, stay safe. Great job.Let's bring in Bill Stanton, former NYPD officer.Bill, it does look like they're about to do something. You just saw them cordon off the street, and I believe we saw some men in riot gear, police horses.What do you think the right move is here? Just to wait for the call from the Columbia president?BILL STANTON, FORMER NEW YORK POLICE DEPARTMENT OFFICER: Well, what we're seeing is a lot of political pressure, both local and national; politics within the police department, and with the prosecutor's office.What the right move should be, in my opinion, is to get them out of that building, place them under arrest for trespassing, and nullify the situation because as you said, like making a comparison to a petulant child, they will keep pushing and taking until they are stopped, and they don't see anything stopping them in the near future.As that interview in the street, you heard that gentleman say, we're going to get out in 24 hours anyway. So this is, you know, we're reaping what we're sowing in law and order right now and it is a sad state of affairs, in my opinion.WATTERS: You're saying it is now being politicized. You're saying politicians could be calling the Columbia president. Possible Democrats. We know "Morning Joe" thinks this is absolutely terrible for the Biden campaign. Do you think she's under pressure from politicians to call the NYPD in tonight?STANTON: Absolutely. I think the president of the college wants to take the onus off her and make the boys and women in blue the bad guys and then when they get arrested, we'll see tomorrow morning dollars to doughnuts, we will see them marching out waving their flags with no criminal record and will only perpetuate more bad behavior.WATTERS: So the NYPD announced that there are known agitators, the criminal element that have nothing to do with Columbia University directing these students into how to take the buildings and how to resist arrest. Is that the NYPD kind of forcing the Columbia president's hand to say listen, this is directed from the outside. We know who these people are, you either do the right thing or this is going to get ugly, fast.STANTON: Absolutely. This has been pushed to this ultimate conclusion. So all the potential violence, the buildup that you're seeing is being used as a propaganda tool across the country to be reemployed at colleges across the country. They're planting a mind virus in these college students. They're very malleable.And this has happened between the professors and outside agitators that are coordinating this, in my opinion.WATTERS: Yes, the NYPD officer, the female said that this wasn't going to stop here. And she said it, not in any uncertain terms, she predicted this is going to spread in New York City. It's going to spread to other colleges in New York City and it is going to spread across the country.Does she have access to intelligence that tells her this is only just getting started?STANTON: Well, there are various -- now, my guess is the Joint Terrorist Task Force, the NYPD Intel Division, they are looking into this, and they are not revealing everything they know, but this is not happening organically.There is, in my opinion, communications all over the country. This is a coordinated effort and it is akin to rolling a snowball down the hill. And once you get it to a certain velocity, it takes a life of its own, and that's what we're seeing here.WATTERS: That's right. That's why they should have cleaned it up when they were on the quad.Bill, thanks so much.All right, let's talk to Katie Cherkasky. She's a former federal prosecutor.What do you think is happening right now between the president of the university, the chief of police, and possibly the Feds?KATIE CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, at this point, I think that it's ridiculous that they've even had to have this much of a discussion. The law enforcement should have been in there a long time ago, and started arresting these people.But of course, because of the pushback from the universities, it's now at this place where some sort of negotiation is yet again having to be reached.WATTERS: Do you believe that there is an actual terrorist angle, an overseas terrorist angle through Iran, through Hamas, as some of the other guests were speculating?CHERKASKY: I think that there's going to be a wide range of individuals that are involved in this, but there's no doubt that there's a conspiracy, even at the local levels here that these people can be charged with, even with the trespassing, with the property destruction and things of that sort. That's just local law enforcement even.WATTERS: So you have the local law enforcement, and if you follow the money, too, if you see where the tents, they look like $300.00 REI tents, all the same green, I guess that's the color of Hamas, and they're all purchased, and do you think that would be able to put a case together? The money?CHERKASKY: Well, there' absolutely coordinated effort, I think people started pointing out that the tents that popped up, even originally, were all orchestrated. So there's going to be a significant push here to dig through the differences between the cases and the individuals who are involved, but I would not be surprised if this is orchestrated at very high levels at this point.WATTERS: the federal prosecution, if it ever goes to that level or even the local prosecution, how big of a role does politics play? We know that Joe Biden has to be gentle when it comes to the Muslim factor. It's a very important factor in Michigan, it's a very important youth factor. Does that play a role in the prosecutorial mindset with these types of individuals?CHERKASKY: Well, this is going to largely come down to some sort of First Amendment interpretation, which is highly ironic given Donald Trump's situation where there's First Amendment issues all over the place, but these people are claiming they have the First Amendment right to protest. Whether they've crossed that line into hate speech and into unlawful acts is where these cases are all going to turn.WATTERS: Right. Well, hate speech would probably be more of a campus free speech code violation, but you're looking at destruction of property. There was a hostage allegation, they wouldn't let a janitor leave for hours. What other local beeps are we talking about here?CHERKASKY: Well, sure. There's the false imprisonment. There's the property destruction, the trespassing -- all of these things are locally enforceable, certainly. So even if there's people that are just kind of following along. Now, they're going to defend it and say the university certainly appeased them for quite some time and there's going to be significant challenges on constitutional grounds because they say they have the right to do this.But that's really going to be up to those prosecutors ultimately, federally or locally.WATTERS: It looks like more of the riot police are now coming back into the area which we have the camera and walling this whole area off, dozens and dozens and dozens of riot police out there. A special unit is now coming in.I think we have Alexis back. Alexis McAdams on the ground. What's changed in the last few minutes?MCADAMS: Hey, Jesse.Well, we've seen hundreds of NYPD officers moving in. We saw NYPD buses rather and the top brass here from the department is now on scene. I just checked in with some police sources who say they're going to end up moving into the campus here, maybe 30 minutes or less.They didn't tell me if they got that call right from the Minouche Shafik, but you can kind of fill in the blanks there.So I'm going to walk you a little bit closer just to kind of show you what we're seeing here. So this is the area that the police are entering. They moved the barricades and they let those officers go through.So it's blocked off for quite a ways from campus. We are at like 114th right now. They have to go up a little bit. Last time, they went in with their crews, they went into the encampment. This time, it's a little different, right, because it's not just about the tents that are set up and have been set up for days even though they were given that deadline here. You can kind of see what's going on.But it's also about now going into Hamilton Hall, so the police officers are going to have to have a little bit of a different plan. But I want you to zoom in here to a little bit, Vic, you can see they have those ties, you know, those are those flex cuffs that we talked about. That's what they use to take these protesters into custody here because last time they ended up arresting dozens of them.So they're going to have another busy night here on the Upper West Side. We're going to walk you this way, Jesse, a little bit toward the area with the crowds and the crews here just to try and check in with some of these protesters as well as we get a little bit closer.Talk to some people here.What are you guys going to do when the cops come in and make any arrests? You guys have a plan or anything or? Okay, so no plans. No plan from them. Probably not a good idea.And then coming over here, we'll see if anyone wants to talk to us. What do you think about the cops moving in right now?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sorry.MCADAMS: What do you think about the cops moving in? They might move into camp?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is supposed to be a democracy. I am visiting from Europe. This is supposed to be the land of the free. This is not freedom. This is not democracy.MCADAMS: What do you think about what's going on at camp?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Shame. Shame.MCADAMS: Okay.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It is disgraceful. What's happening here is happening in Atlanta. It is cop city. We are militarizing the police. We all need to be concerned but this needs to be protected.Students should be able to demonstrate and practice their rights.MCADAMS: What about students that you know are paying $100,000.00 to go to class. Should they be allowed to get to the library?I think -- the parents, people are wondering why can't, you know their kids get into class? They can't get into classrooms, so -- I got that.Okay, they have the right to demonstrate, but you can't get to the library, I guess.So we are going to move you this way, just a little bit here and show you what's going on. But yes, it's been a busy night out here. The cops are kind of used to it at this point, as I guess we are to here at Columbia because you see it ebb and flow.We also saw a lot of NYU students, Jesse, moving in here just a short time ago. They wanted to join the Gaza Solidarity Encampment, too.What else to do? I guess at around 8:40 on the nighttime, so we're going to show you in this way a little bit and you can kind of see the officers there in riot gear as well, and our other camera too has some more shots of the cops coming in. So we'll walk back this way.But yes, the NYPD when I checked in with them, they said you know, they're just kind of getting some of their main guys out here now. They're prepared. They're ready to go in. But it's private property, so we'll have to see what happens -- Jesse.WATTERS: Alexis, are most of these people you're talking to actual Columbia students? Or are they just outsiders?MCADAMS: No, the ones that we just checked in with we're not Columbia students. We will show you the police here -- they are outsiders to, like that one guy said he's visiting from Europe, but why not come I guess to see the show?But yes, not a lot of them are students. And that's one of the concerns from the NYPD that they have these outside actors. And then the cops have to deal with this too. Like we heard it from the mayor of New York City just the other week, he said, you know, the cops come in, they're being called in to help, get things under control and then they get called horrible names, told that they're members of the KKK, and they're yelling "shame" at the police officers like this is their fault out here.WATTERS: Alexis, if you could put a percentage on it. If you could say, you know, what percentage of the undergraduate class at Columbia supports this type of uprising? And then what percentage just kind of wants to go to school, get graduation, take their finals and get on with their summer?MCADAMS: Yes. I think it depends on who you talk to. I mean, we've talked with a lot of Jewish students today out there that said their parents aren't very happy, You know, dishing out a hundred grand to go to NYU, or coming to Columbia University, saying that they thought they're going to come for a good education and then they can't even get to the library, get around class.Some of the people think, you know, this is what they want to do when they're on campus. They don't want to get into the library or study for finals. They want to set up the Gaza Solidarity Encampment.So it depends on who you check in with out here to see what's going on. But yes, it is not a lot of like out here, it not a lot of students, because you have to show your IDs to kind of get in.WATTERS: Right.MCADAMS: But when we were in campus for the past several days, you know, a lot of the people just want the president to step down -- Jesse.WATTERS: All right, Alexis, thanks so much.Let's now bring in former FBI agent Nicole Parker.Nicole, so it looks like they're cordoning off the outside so the outside agitators can't join and they'll just probably, if the call has been made, move through, take down the tent city first, and then go into Hamilton Hall.NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That would be my guess. You know, this is very unfortunate, Jesse that we have even gotten to this point. This is a direct result of failed leadership at Columbia University, those that had such a need to side with the woke progressive movement in our country, and they refuse to take a stand.I would like to read, as a former FBI Special Agent, we continue to talk about what are the Feds doing in this and that is an important thing to discuss right now, because I sure hope that the FBI is as interested in this as they were in the January 6 investigations. Because in my opinion, what you're seeing on your screen is not a right to protest.This is a strong demonstration of those that has experienced terroristic threats. Jewish students cannot even attend their school in peace. I will read straight from DOJ's website. This is Title VI of Civil Rights Act of 1964, and you tell me if you think that this fits here: No person in the United States shall on the grounds of race, color or national origin, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity receiving federal financial assistance. Okay?I know Columbia is receiving federal financial assistance. You tell me, does that fit the definition? Are these individuals being discriminated against, against the grounds of religion? If they are, then the Feds better be involved in this right now.WATTERS: So these are Civil Rights violations, Title VI violations, and the federal government has to immediately step in as they would if Black students were being targeted like this, or gay students or any female students or any religious minority, any ethnic minority for some reason, they're very hands off with this.Chris Wray just gave an interview last week and says -- he said we don't monitor protest movements. Do you actually believe that he has no idea what's going on here?WATTERS: No, I think he actually knows exactly what's going on here and I understand that many times, the federal FBI agents, you know, and Christopher Wray is not out publicly speaking about what the FBI is doing behind closed doors. But what I can tell you is that they've been extremely vocal, and in the public eye discussing what happened on January 6th.I can tell you that if they do not get control of this right now, it will continue to spiral, and this is not what our country needs. You take note what happened in Texas. I'm a native Texan.The University of Texas, they went in there and said, enough is enough. Governor Abbott said, we will not tolerate this. Other places, University of Florida, I believe, had nine arrests yesterday, they come in and say this will not be tolerated.Well, it's tolerated in New York, and you even heard one of the protesters or witnesses say, You know what, I have no problem with this. I'll get arrested and I'll be released later tomorrow, you know, within 24 hours, and that is what is wrong with our country right now.These soft-on -crime policies do not work and now, you've crossed the line and these are terroristic threats. You have Iranian leadership praising what these protesters in the United States are doing. This has got to stop.And again, people do have their First Amendment rights. This crossed the line of First Amendment rights a long time ago and it cannot be tolerated.WATTERS: It sure did. It sure did. University of Florida saying this isn't a daycare center.Nicole, thank you so much.Let's now bring in Outkick.com host, Tomi Lahren.Tomi, Joe Biden pretty quiet. What's going on at the White House?TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Joe is probably already asleep, let's be honest, Jesse, but he shouldn't be up and he should actually be at least addressing the press, if not addressing the nation on this because this is a very real issue that's impacting cities and states all across the country.And then you've got his press secretary looking in her binder for a response and all she can muster the intelligence to say is that she's going to let the university handle it. Well, the universities are not handling it, as we're seeing here.This is also a lose-lose situation for NYPD because, Jesse, we all know NYPD is going to go in there. They're going to attempt to do their job. They're going to be demonized and painted the villain, and then these pro- Hamas pro-Palestinian protests will also turn into defund the police BLM protests. And we know that while these perpetrators are going to get out in 24 hours, they're probably going to get settlements like they did in 2020, due to "police brutality."So this is what it's like, America. If you choose to live in a blue city and a blue state run by Democrats, this is the glorious picture you have to live with.WATTERS: Yes, thanks, Tomi. And it looks like we have some of the top brass now moving in, in a more show of force. Let's go back to Alexis McAdams who is on the ground.Alexis, we continue to see more and more reinforcements hit the streets.MCADAMS: That's right. You can watch them move in right now. They're going to move right through here, Jesse, ride in through these cars and we're going to stop here and let these officers move through. But they're coming in in riot gear. They have their batons out, and they're ready to take action.I mean, this has been going on, right, for several days and they've been waiting here for the call from the university. I checked in with some top police sources who now are here on the ground with the NYPD. They're going to head into that campus momentarily, so that's why they've got those zip ties, those flex cuffs, you name it.They are bringing in extra crews who are used to dealing with this, right? I mean, New York City deals with protests all the time, so they know the drill. And unfortunately for these protesters, a lot of them are going to end up getting arrested.But I think when you hear from somebody how many times right over the several days that they don't, you know, if you get out of here, you get suspended or get expelled, if that doesn't work, really, what will? So, I don't think that they really care if they're going to get arrested, you get hit with a disorderly conduct charge and then we saw just the other day, they get out pretty quickly here.So we'll have to see how things play out -- Jesse.WATTERS: All right, thank you so much, Alexis.Let's now bring in former US Army Special Forces, Jim Hanson. Jim, the NYPD put out some images earlier in this afternoon, at a press conference showed what looked like Antifa archivists, all black diving through windows. And they said they're known criminals throughout the department. What does that tell you?JIM HANSON, ARMY SPECIAL FORCES VETERAN: This has had outside agitation all over it from the very start, Jesse. We already know, there's a ton of foreign funding behind this. There are groups coming in from all across the United States, the usual suspects are all in effect, and I think it's time to get serious about this.The issue that really should come into play, a lot of the groups organizing this have chapters in multiple states, and are doing this on multiple campuses, that makes them open to a potential RICO prosecution, and I think it's time for somebody to bring one.WATTERS: Well, we just heard that a massive Civil Rights violation is already in play, just based off, you cannot religiously discriminate against people in this country or target people just based off of their ethnicity or their religious affiliation. That's clearly already happened for about a week at the University of Columbia and this is just months after the president of Columbia told Congress at a hearing under oath, that if you yell anything, like kill the Jews, or I don't know, kill Israelis, then that violates the harassment policy, and they'd crack down immediately, but they didn't crack down.HANSON: They had no intention of cracking down because they support these people. You know, that's part of the problem. Another area, because as you pointed out, they're being intimidated, Jewish and Israeli origin students are being intimidated and physically stopped, in some cases, from public participation, even in places where they've paid tuition to be.That brings into play another crazy old law that might be applicable, the Anti-Klan Act, which prohibits doing exactly that. So I think it's time for both the cops to get in and do the right thing and physically remove these agitators and these terrorists sympathizers, and then for the Justice Department of some good state to go ahead and bring the kinds of charges that will stop this thing in the future.WATTERS: Well, that looks like it's going to happen tonight because the University of Columbia just issued a shelter-in-place order for that whole wing of the campus.That tells me the call has been made. They are positioning NYPD forces to prevent outsiders from gaining access to the campus and they are just going to methodically go in, dismantle the tents, and then remove the people that have been occupying illegally this building. What kind of tactics would law enforcement use in a situation like this?HANSON: They have a ton of non-violent ways to deal with protesters like this, and they'll use all of them up until the protesters go ahead and push them over the line. You know, they will use shields, they will use locked arms, they'll push them out as much as they can, they'll try to separate the worst elements from them. But in the end, their job is to get them out of there.And what's likely to happen, unfortunately, is NYPD will be smeared for doing the right thing, doing what the taxpayers deserve, and the regular normal students at Columbia deserve in the same way that these protesters have smeared Israel for a genocide that's not happening in Gaza.It's a horrible propaganda ploy, and people need to see through it to what it is. It is support for terrorism against our best democratic ally in the region, and I think the students there need to go ahead and be held accountable along with the outside activists.WATTERS: Yes, because this isn't like the Vietnam era. You know, they were protesting to stop a war. They were saying, "Make love not war." This is a different situation.This is a situation where the protest movement has sided with an enemy, has sided with a terrorist organization, which has been designated a terrorist organization by the United States, and are saying that we don't want Jewish people in our movement on campus. They want the destruction of the state of Israel. That's completely different than a traditional anti-war protest.Let's go back to Alexis McAdams who is now on the ground following another slew of NYPD officers come in.Go ahead -- Alexis.MCADAMS: Hey, Jesse, yes, you can see all those officers rocking in. This is going to be an imminent issue here. This is -- they're going to enter this campus any minute, I'm told by NYPD officials here on the ground, so you can kind of take a look here and see what's going on.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Fuck you, fascist.MCADAMS: And I am making a lot of friends out here. So you can kind of see over here some of the protesters as well, mixed in with the police, but they're moving in quickly and this is just the strategic rather response group that's moving in here.They've got those zip ties, they're ready for action here on the ground. I just talked to an NYPD source trying to figure out exactly, Jessie, you know, are they going to move into that Hamilton Hall where they took over those students and are ordering in pizzas and getting all comfortable supposedly until graduation? Or are they going to move into that pro-Gaza solidarity encampment that President Minouche Shafik said yesterday had to be gone by two o'clock. They aren't sure exactly just yet.But they did get the call from President Minouche Shafik here at Columbia University telling them they wanted the NYPD's help at this point. So it took a little bit, right? I mean, they came here the other day, arrested dozens of student protesters. They got booked on disorderly conduct charges and trespassing.And now they are being called in yet again. So the school tried to handle it and it didn't work.WATTERS: Well, they could have handled it yesterday at the deadline, because that's what deadlines are for.MCADAMS: That's right.WATTERS: Alexis, how many officers do you see there, if you could give us your best guess?MCADAMS: Well, there are several hundred, according to NYPD top brass that they're moving in. So in this specific area, these are some of the members of the strategic response team and then pushed further in right near those main campus gates, where we are usually live from are several hundred more.So how many will go into that campus exactly? We're not sure just yet. We're working to get more information. But I mean, this is crazy, just out here in front of the gates. I mean, there's so much action just out here because people started seeing those buses roll up and people know what those buses mean. That's how they booked them and brought them downtown last time.So we will kind of check in with people out here as well? What do you think about the NYPD moving in?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You know, I think they're doing their jobs and I thought Minouche Shafik for calling them in. They wouldn't be here if she hadn't called them. I think they are working class people doing their jobs. I think this is going to go down in history as a shame on Columbia, and shame on other universities that are not handling it this way. I hold her responsible for this.MCADAMS: What about having those kids going to Hamilton Hall breaking and entering last night? I mean, they're going to get expelled. They're going to hit with possible criminal charges. What do you think about some of that behavior?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You know, there was an op-ed in "The New York Times" last week, whose title was "The protests don't have to be perfect to be right." And they mentioned some slogans from Vietnam protests that we look back and we say, oh, I don't know about that right now. But that's not what we think of.When we look back at those protests, we look back at the sort of great national shame of what we did at Vietnam and I think this moment will go down similarly.MCADAMS: Should Minouche Shafik step down?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Absolutely. She should have stepped down a long time ago. They should have fired her.MCADAMS: A lot of the other things that we're hearing out here too on the ground, Jesse had been people saying that they're not so happy with President Joe Biden. They were chanting "Genocide Joe has got to go" also calling out New York City's mayor.So I will keep walking this way a little bit and see who else we can kind of check in with here on the ground who wants to talk to us?Surprisingly, people are talking a little bit. Let's see. What do you think about that NYPD moving in?Wrong way to handle it?What do you guys think about the NYPD moving in?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Sorry.MCADAMS: Let's see. See if any wants to talk. Do you think the president needs to do more? The president of the university?Do you think President Joe Biden should help? Okay.Try another one. Do you think the president -- okay, so nobody wants to talk to me over here. But yes, a lot of people were not so happy with how things have been handled here. So we'll see what happens when NYPD moves into that campus.WATTERS: Well, I wouldn't take it personally, Alexis. I think you're doing a fantastic job, and please stay safe, Keep us posted.Let's now bring in former FBI Special Agent Stuart Kaplan.So Stuart, we are we're hearing this is about to unfold within a matter of minutes. What do you expect to say?STUART KAPLAN, FORMER FBI AGENT: Well, first of all, I'm very concerned for the safety of the men and women of the New York City Police Department. This is an incident that should have been dealt with several weeks ago. The New York City Police Department would have had an opportunity to set up controlled areas or control zones using barricades to be able to control those movements that put the New York City Police Department in a tactical advantage.Coming in tonight puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. I'm very concerned for the safety of the men and women in blue. They really don't know what they're walking into. And, you know, unfortunately, Jesse, the reality is, you have you know, a percentage of people that are trying to exercise their First Amendment right to protest, and then you have those agitators or those protesters that are hell bent on creating chaos.And unfortunately, for the men and women in blue, they want to go home at the end of their shifts, and they're not going to have time to be able to sort through who is who's a good person and who is a bad person. And unfortunately, I think you're going to see the worst play out tonight and that's a very unfortunate situation on both sides.WATTERS: Yes, it is unfortunate, and it could have been prevented if this had been taken a lot earlier.KAPLAN: Yes, everybody knew that this was a pot that was simmering on the stove that was eventually going to boil over, and the fact quite frankly, that I don't see the president herself of the university there, in solidarity with the men and women of the New York City Police Department using an amplifier type of system or a bullhorn trying to reason and tell the people look, this is for real, there are real consequences that are going to befall you. We're asking you to disperse.She doesn't have the character or the backbone. And quite frankly, I guarantee you, there are people in high ranking positions in the New York City Police Department who would rather turn their back on the university and leave it in place to fester over because she solely is responsible for allowing this thing to end up in what's going to be a disaster for this university and for the children that attend this college.WATTERS: Yes, thanks, Stuart. It's not just going to be a disaster for the university, it is going to be a disaster for the country, because this is going to be exploited all over the world in the Muslim world and it is going to play exactly the way Hamas and Iran want it to.And they're going to make the NYPD look like a bunch of brutes., and sadly, there's going to be a lot of people on the left in this country, they are going to pile on the NYPD who were put in an impossible situation.You mentioned that they're going in at a tactical disadvantage. It's nighttime. This crowd control has just been set up. We don't know who's inside there. There hasn't been the type of intelligence work and intelligence gathering conducted earlier in the day.This is all being done on the fly, and now tempers are boiling and you don't even know if this crowd control system they have in place is going to hold. They could go in and then people on the street could just pour past the NYPD barricades and God knows what's going to happen.So God bless the men in blue. It didn't have to be like this if we had just enforced the deadlines from 2:00 PM yesterday, we would have been just fine.Sean Hannity continues our coverage right now.