LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Raymond, thank you.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Always.INGRAHAM: All right, that's it for us tonight. Follow me on social media. Yes, rose-gate continues. Thank you for watching. Remember, it is America now and forever and I can't wait to see what Jesse and the gang say about the latest on campus.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: American universities radicalized.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We're going to throw out Bidenomics and we're going to replace it with MAGAnomics.WATTERS: Trump hits the battlegrounds, but another challenger looms. RFK, Jr. joins PRIMETIME.ANDY "REBIRTH" PELLERANO, FORMER LATIN KING GANG MEMBER: The fast money, the women, promiscuity, the social stature, the respect in the street. If we would have to go to war, we would go to war.WATTERS: The "Get It Together" series continues with a soldier from the Latin Kings.PELLERANO: They thought I was dead, so they felt like they didn't have to kill me, so they just threw my body in the hallway.WATTERS: Plus --("BILLY MADISON" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If peeing your pants is cool, consider me Miles Davis.WATTERS: Fox News Alert: Arab Spring Breaks graduating into another Summer of Love. The campus caliphate spreading. Riot police were on the scene at Fordham University in New York. Thousands of Keffiyeh Antifa has occupied Foley Square downtown after the NYPD last night moved them out of their Mecca at Columbia.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: After police busted up the occupation of Hamilton Hall, the movement headed to New York's University of New York where you couldn't really tell if you were in Midtown or the Mideast.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(PROTESTERS chanting "NYPD, KKK, IOF, they're all the same.")(PROTESTERS chanting "pigs.")UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is the New York City Police Department. You have been warned as per city college to leave the campus. If you refuse to leave, you may be placed under arrest.(PROTESTERS shouting)(PROTESTERS chanting "Free, free Palestine.")(PROTESTERS chanting "Disclose, divest, we will not stop, we will not rest.")(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: West Bank, West Village -- same thing.American universities have been radicalized, 70 grand for a degree from Sharia law school? No thanks. That's consumer fraud.Hundreds of arrests last night. Mayor Eric Adams said Arab Spring Break has been taken over.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: There is a movement to radicalize young people and I'm not going to wait until it's done, and all of a sudden acknowledge the existence of it. This is a global problem that young people are being influenced by those who are professionals at radicalizing our children and I'm not going to allow that to happen as the mayor of the City of New York.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Arab Spring Break is awash with Soros money, anarchists, Antifa, sinister faculty and foreign influence. Liberation zones have popped up across 25 universities. It's coast-to-coast. Mostly peaceful riots erupted at UCLA last night.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Reports of Jews being beaten, chants of "Go back to the gas chambers." Yesterday, Jews were chased with tasers. Jewish students having their IDs checked and banned from moving freely on campus.These aren't your typical anti-war college protesters, and just like Hamas, after they attack, they ask you to give them stuff. Keffiyeh Antifa at UCLA is requesting administrators send in pallets of humanitarian aid. You ready?Vegan dishes, and they must be hot and they must be gluten free. But specifically, no bagels. I wonder why. Canopies to prevent sunburn. Lotion, but no sunscreen. Sunscreen has harmful chemicals. They want gloves for small hands and inhalers. Gas masks, ropes, and zip ties, helmets, shields, and wood.It seems like they're demanding weaponry. That's like the Palestinians asking for gluten free MREs and rifles. And if you don't meet their demands, this happens.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Shame. Shame. Shame. Shame. Shame. Shame.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Free Palestine from Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Boo. Boo. Shame. Shame.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Lovely woman. When college students protested the Vietnam War, you knew exactly what they wanted, not to get drafted and to end the war. But what do these protesters want besides canopies and lotion? They want to fight on the side of Hamas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We stand with the Palestinian resistance and their heroic and brave action on October 7th. And they said, long live October 7th and we say today, long live October 7th.Hamas is not a terrorist organization. Islamic Jihad is not a terrorist organization. The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine is not a terrorist organization. Hezbollah is not a terrorist organization. They are resistance fighters. These are our heroes.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: You hear that? Now after 9/11, if you threw on a Keffiyeh and screamed that you stand with bin Laden, you're under arrest. Why is this any different? Hamas is a terrorist organization that butchers civilians and holds Americans hostage. If they're your heroes, that's treason.And if you're targeting Jews in America, like the Klan targeted Blacks, where's the Justice Department? Merrick Garland doesn't have anything better to do?Biden expanded Title IX for trans people, but he won't protect Jews. If a trans man waltzes into a lady's locker room and you say no, sir, you can't come in here; Biden sues you, but you can block a Jew from going to class and tell him to get comfy in the oven? Where's the president?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Can you explain his silence this week?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president has not been silent on this issue when it comes to hate speech, antisemitism.DOOCY: Yes, he has.JEAN-PIERRE: He started -- wait, he started -- he launched the first ever antisemitism -- strategy to counter antisemitism, something that no other president did. No other president did.DOOCY: A school building on an Ivy League campus got taken over.JEAN-PIERRE: And we called that out and we said that is not peacefully protesting.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Wait. Whoa. whoa, whoa. What's the Biden antisemitism strategy? Because it doesn't work and no one has ever heard of it.The left prefers mob rule over the rule of law. They use street justice to get social justice. When they can't persuade you, they just intimidate you.The Occupy Movement got everybody hating the wealthy, so Obama could raise taxes. The George Floyd riots bullied local governments to defund the police. This is another anti-White, anti-cop, anti-capitalism, anti- American movement with a different mask on, same end game -- terrorize you, shake you down for power and play the victim.Most of these radicals just want a scrap and burn it all down. Biden is already giving in. Over the last 24 hours, he is signaling he'll import thousands of Palestinian refugees from Gaza. Pay off protester student loans and reclassify cannabis to the same level as Tylenol with codeine.He was going to ban menthol cigarettes, but he shelved it. It doesn't take a detective to know why. Bribes and bailouts, that's the Biden campaign and his base knows it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: What will you guys do when the police come right in here and you know, end up maybe handcuffing people and arresting them?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We'll do what we've always done. We'll get arrested, just like the criminals in the subway, they're always right back out in 24 hours.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Marxists are beating up Jews, breaking into buildings and raising foreign flags. While Biden says Republicans are America's top threat, Biden hasn't even made a phone call to the president of Columbia.Hillary is a professor at Columbia. She hasn't said a word. Obama graduated from Columbia. Where is he?This country needs to get it together.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Every college president, I say remove the encampments immediately, vanquish the radicals, and take back our campuses for all of the normal students who want a safe place from which to learn.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Former member of Antifa, Gabriel Nadales joins me now.So Gabriel, you're looking at some of these black clad anarchists burrow into these windows and kind of take the leadership role of this movement. How does this work?GABRIEL NADALES, FORMER ANTIFA MEMBER: Well, let me tell you about what this movement is. This movement is just part of a bigger conversation when it comes to fall of activism. And as we know, they have a long history in America of violence, whether it be destroying buildings or attacking other people.But one thing that we need to consider is the fact that a lot of these people aren't even students. I mean, from my time in the Antifa movement, I can tell you that a lot of my friends, they used to beg for money to pay for gas in order to go to another city. I even had a friend who used to train hop to get around the country.A lot of these people are willing to work on a shoestring budget in order to get to these protests. And in fact, we saw at Ohio, they arrested about 40 people and less than half of them were actually students. It's a component that we need to talk about that a lot of times, these are our professional activists that are trying to instigate chaos on our universities.WATTERS: So when you were an Antifa, you're telling me that these people were poor, and they would just act like parasites. They would glom on to whatever action that was happening in the street and they would try to capitalize on it. And it didn't really matter what the action was, they just wanted chaos and destruction.NADALES: Particularly, the way a lot of these ideologies work, they always see themselves as being on the side of the oppressed against the oppressor. This is just another example of that.When we had the George Floyd riots, you had Black people that were the oppressed and the oppressors were the police, the government. Here, it is the same thing. They're saying that the Palestinians are the oppressed and against the oppressor.But what ends up happening when they put this false dichotomy of good versus evil is that they start justifying their criminal actions in order to get their point across.And look, At Our America where I am the national director, we believe in freedom of speech, but the First Amendment does not protect you, your right to destroy buildings and/or assault other people. That should just be straight out of the gate not permitted anywhere. Unfortunately, a lot of school officials, they're just allowing it.At UCLA, we've been seeing that they have told the police not to go and arrest those criminal actors and that's an incredible problem.WATTERS: When you were a member of Antifa, the money train. I know a lot of it comes from Soros. When you look at this movement right now, it doesn't cost a lot of money, but there is a stream flowing in. What do you see?NADALES: What I can tell you is this, a lot of the times from my personal experience is that there was a lot of people who actually were not necessarily getting paid. But what we do see is that the support that they do get often comes from a lot of people who are giving in donations.When I was part of the Occupy Protests in 2011, I remember that people would just come up and they would drop pizzas, bottles of water, sodas, all of these different things.And then you also have a lot of different local businesses that they don't realize what they're supporting, because they'll support -- they'll give tents, they'll give food, they'll give all of these supplies, and then within a couple of weeks, they have been vandalizing the riots. That's exactly what we saw in the 2020 riots and many businesses in Portland and Minneapolis, they had to close because they supported these types of protesters.WATTERS: All right, thanks for the insight, Gabe. We appreciate it.Let's now check in with Alexis McAdams who is live on the ground at NYU.What's going on there, Alexis?MCADAMS: Hey, Jesse.Well, this is a little bit different than yesterday. There are some police here on standby, but we haven't seen really any police in riot gear moving in here. This is near the campus of NYU here, you can move into the crowd just a little bit and see what we're seeing on the ground.They have, you know, people chanting here and people calling for their university to divest from Israel. They also have some signs that say "Stand with Palestine, end the occupation now." And this was also an area that we were in just the other day where we saw that they were doing some training on what to do in case the police did show up or there were any injuries. This is where that was just the other day.But most of the action usually isn't too far from here, also on the campus of NYU, where we've seen some people also preparing to move in those encampments. So it all started right over at Columbia University, but that's not the case anymore.This has moved across the country here and across New York City. This is again a look here at what we're seeing on the ground. We're going to try to check in with some protesters as well.What do you think about the police arriving here? And watching you guys?Nobody. Nobody wants to talk yet. Okay, let's see.What do you guys think about the NYPD kind of being around at this point? Are you worried at all?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (INAUDIBLE).MCADAMS: Are you worried at all?Okay, so that's all we have right now, Jesse, but we'll continue to check back with you throughout the night.WATTERS: . person that I've ever seen at a protest. Keep up the good work.RFK Jr. and the Swamy on the Don.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Go home to your mom.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Every Wednesday, President Trump gets a day off from defending himself in court for a crime Democrats can't name. He used today's recess to hit two swing states where voters don't seem to care about the case.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am unmoved. The trial seems to be more of a kangaroo court, and I don't -- I don't take it seriously and I think very few people do.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not too glaring to me that it would stop me from voting for him or anything like that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump having a little fun when he's not freezing in court, debuting a new WWE style entrance. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the next president of the United States, President Donald J. Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It's exactly the same entrance as Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: When you coming down to storm Delaware?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hi, Mr. President.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The Biden campaign knows it needs help.Like crazy stage parents, they're recruiting the best help money can buy so Joe can shine. Biden hired Steven Spielberg to choreograph his convention, because they need a better script. Although, it's not like Joe can read it anyway. Right now, it's a comedy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: You think Biden can bend down like that? I don't think so.But isn't it nice to have a president who doesn't need a teleprompter? Not that he can read it anyway, he can't read it.Now think of I read my teleprompter and I'm going well, let's say, you go, because of the weakness in the economy, I'd like to apologize -- pause. Pause. What was that?That's unbelievable. Pause.You know, I was watching it. I said, that was weird.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And there's always one heckler in the crowd.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Where did he come from? All right.Thank you. Go home to mom. Right? Go home to your mom.Say hello to mother. Oh, she's going to be angry, because she's watching right now on television. She's watching on television. She is saying that's my son.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: After Wisconsin, Trump did another rally in Michigan, where he went heavy on policy and laid out his plans for a second term.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: On day one of my new administration, I will seal the border, stop the invasion, and send Joe Biden's illegal aliens back home where they belong.They want to allow men to play in women's sports. On my first day back in the Oval Office, I promise you, it will end immediately.I will deliver a Trump middle class tax cut the likes of which you've never seen before.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And then he wrapped the bloodbath hoax right around Joe's neck.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We're putting tariffs on foreign cars. We're bringing the car industry back to Michigan. The Biden electric vehicle mandate will be an economic bloodbath. You know, they like to use that word bloodbath now.When I said it, it was perfectly stated, they make it sound bad, but it will be an economic bloodbath. Crooked Joe will rip out your auto jobs and send them immediately to China.That's why this November, the people of Michigan are going to tell Crooked Joe Biden, Biden you're fired. Get out of here.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Former 2024 presidential candidate, Vivek Ramaswamy joins me now.Vivek, I mean, it couldn't be more clearer. I think Joe Biden has hired Steven Spielberg. How's that going to work out?VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, I don't think it's going to work out particularly well for Joe Biden.Jesse, I still think it is not out of the question that Joe Biden is not even going to be the nominee. The Democrats have been consistently one step ahead and so my message to the Republican Party is, as good as the current poll numbers look, as bad as the current US president, President Biden looks, and it's pretty bad, complacency is not an option.We have to offer our own vision and stand for it, irrespective of the tricks that the other side plays. This can't just be a 50.1 election. It's got to be a decisive landslide. And you know what? A landslide minus some shenanigans is still going to be a victory.So that's where my focus is. I think that's where our party's focus needs to be. And you know what? It's good that President Trump is able to have some fun along the way. I think that gives us a competitive advantage as well.WATTERS: What kind of policies would you put front and center to have the most broad appeal throughout the country?RAMASWAMY: So look, I think it's a tale of two mass deportations. The first mass deportation is anybody who is in this country illegally has to be returned to their country of origin and we will seal that southern border.So whether you're on the south side of Chicago or in the inner city of New York City or Philadelphia, America First includes all Americans, not these illegal aliens. That's the first mass deportation.And the second mass deportation is three million federal bureaucrats out of Washington, DC so that we can actually really drain the swamp, gut the administrative state and stimulate this economy.A tale of two mass deportations, that's how we get this country back. And Democrats and Republicans and libertarians alike can get behind both of those.WATTERS: Real quick, what about prices? Prices are crazy, rates are way too high.RAMASWAMY: Yes, well, prices have gone up, rates have been hiked to keep up with those prices, but wages have remained flat. So you want to fight the national debt while stimulating the economy, Jesse, here's how you do it. Drill, frack, burn coal, embrace nuclear energy, start getting the energy resources and stop paying people more money to stay at home instead of to go to work. That's how you get this economy back. That's how we win this election.WATTERS: Yes, I am sick of seeing empty buildings. I like a little more action around lunchtime.Vivek Ramaswamy, thanks as always.RFK, Jr. is here.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Every day, RFK, Jr. becomes more of a player in November. He just got on the ballot in California and he's about to get on in New York. So what do the people say?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: RFK, Jr. is running as an Independent, not a Republican, not a Democrat. Does that intrigue you?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that would intrigue everyone at this point.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You've got to pick a side, man. You've got to pick a side.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Time will tell. But we just don't want the wrong person in the wrong chair.BELISARIO: Who's the wrong person in the chair?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden. He is. He is too sick. He is always sick.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: We'll have more from Johnny tomorrow.Kennedy is polling around 10 percent nationally and needs 15 percent, they say to qualify for the debate. Imagine that. Biden, Trump, and Kennedy live for 90 minutes. They don't need a moderator. They need a medic.In the latest battleground polls, RFK pulls more Biden votes than he is pulling from Trump. Emerson has Trump winning all seven with or without RFK in, and Trump and Biden are both taking the gloves off.Trump says he's a left wing plant. Biden says, a vote for RFK, Jr. is a spoiler for a dictator. But RFK says Biden is the spoiler, because Joe has no shot of beating Trump.Today, RFK, Jr. dared Biden to sign a pledge. Whoever has worse numbers against Trump in October drops out. RFK, Jr. says he's the strongest candidate one-on-one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: What we all want in this election is that for Americans not feel that they have to vote out of fear. That they feel that they can vote that hope, and that is only going to happen if there's a two-way race between me and President Trump or me and President Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. is an independent presidential candidate.Before we get to the politics, there is a lot of craziness going on. Scary stuff on college campus. The president has been hiding. What's going on?KENNEDY: I don't know. I mean, it's very, very alarming. It's puzzling because it's happening on the private campuses, and they actually have a lot more leeway for controlling this.I'm all for peaceful protests, for freedom of speech. You can't threaten people, you can't intimidate people, you can't trespass. You can't prevent students from going to their class, you can't break private property. Those are law enforcement issues.The private campuses can easily address this, they can end this. The state schools have already done it, almost all of them. Oh, and they have a lot less leeway because they're subject to the First Amendment. The private campuses are not. First Amendment doesn't function on the private campus.You know, all the private campuses want to have open debate, but you know, if people are being racist, if they're being antisemitic and I have heard the shouts from these crowds and they are appalling.WATTERS: Yes, they are just absolutely disgusting. Some of the tactics also are pretty disgusting. We're hearing that the Biden legal team is throttling you guys by the throat. What's the truth?KENNEDY: You mean my campaign?WATTERS: Yes, I heard they are brutal.KENNEDY: I mean, we released a poll today. We did, Jesse, the biggest poll that's ever been done and at least in this presidential campaign, a typical poll has 2,000 people in it. We did a poll of 26,000 people. The poll has a value of about $200,000.00 to $500,000.00.We did every state. What that poll shows, if I go head-to-head with Biden, I win 39 states, he wins 11. If I go head-to-head with President Trump, I win. If I am in a three-way race, I lose because people are voting out of fear, because they think the other guy, you know, a vote for me is going to put somebody they hate in office. But if I go head-to-head with either of them, I win.WATTERS: So if one of these guys drops out or doesn't run, Joe Biden --KENNEDY: Then, I will be president.WATTERS: Donald Trump -- RFK, Jr. will be president.KENNEDY: That's right.WATTERS: According to your polling.KENNEDY: Yes, but you know, and all the polls that have done a two-way race have shown the same thing. I would challenge anybody -- our poll has virtually zero margin of error.Anybody who does that poll will end up with the same results. I beat Biden in a landslide and I beat President Trump narrowly in the Electoral College. Oh, and that's really what you want to look at the Electoral College, but I win them. I beat them both in the general electorate and in the Electoral College.WATTERS: Are you going to get on the debate stage with these two guys? And if you do, what's the strategy?KENNEDY: Well, there's no compulsory debate. President Trump has challenged President Biden to debate, which I think is a good thing. The debates are scheduled. There are three debates that are scheduled beginning on September 18th.I should have a spot in those debates, because my polling up till now has beat those metrics. But you know, you don't know because neither of them, the laws allows them to not debate. It has never been done before.But --WATTERS: How would you do it? I mean, you've got one guy over here. You've got another guy over here and you're -- what are you going to say? You're going to be like, hey, hey, it's my turn.KENNEDY: I'm going to -- I'm going to say what were the two of you doing when you ran up $34 trillion debt? You two, alone, ran up half of it. We are now paying more than our Defense budget to service that that. Within five years, we'll be paying 50 cents out of every tax dollar to service the debt. And, you know, that's one issue.And then they both you know, President Trump said he was going to end the wars. President Biden loves every war that he sees, but President Trump last week gave a bear hug to Biden and to Speaker Johnson, approved $61 billion to Ukraine.There's all these really existential issues that neither of them can really deal with, and one of those, Jesse is the polarization. You know, we are in a more toxic polarization and division than any time since the American Civil War and President Biden can't solve it, President Trump can't solve it.If either of them get elected, it's just going to get worse because both of them feed on it. Both of them are telling all of us to hate the other guy, and we need to have some common ground in America.WATTERS: Well, you're saying you're going to unify the country. Now, some dirty stuff is coming out. They are saying you were against voter ID, RFK, Jr. You said voter ID was racist. Is that true?KENNEDY: Maybe. You know, look, I had a lot of positions. I went through an evolution like many people in this country. And you know, I said things years ago, I had positions years ago that I look back on and say that was not -- there was nothing good about that.I think we -- you know, listen, what I've said on the voter ID issue is that I'm going to issue voter passports -- passport IDs to every American who can't afford them, that will end that issue.WATTERS: Okay, because you have to have voter ID to have a clean election. You've got to have that.KENNEDY: And by the way, Al Sharpton and Andrew Yang and other civil rights leaders have said that if I issue that ID, they will stop their objection to demanding voter ID at the voting polls.WATTERS: All right. Al Sharpton, Happy DEI Thursday, tomorrow.RFK, Jr., thanks for joining us.KENNEDY: Thanks for having me, Jesse.WATTERS: The Latin King soldier joins PRIMETIME.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: In my book "Get It Together," people from all walks of life opened up to me. They shared their life stories, their deepest secrets, but just because we finished the book doesn't mean the "Get It Together" series is over.Today, we're talking to a retired soldier for the Latin Kings.Meet Andy Pellerano. He saw things no person should ever have to witness, an active participant in drug trafficking, robbery, extortion, and things we can't even mention on national television. He did whatever he had to do to survive in the underworld.So how did he go from a prison king to an evangelical minister? Andy "Rebirth" Pellerano joins us now.Andy, how'd you get started in the gang life?PELLERANO: Oh, so how long do we have on this show? Because it's a long story. But to sum it up, I was just -- just the wrong influences, listening to the wrong voices, just gravitating to the wrong things and being out there.WATTERS: Did you get initiated?PELLERANO: Yes, I was I was around 14 to 15 years old and I let five grown men jumped me so I could be their friend is how I like to put it. So what would I have to do to keep that friendship? And it led to first degree attempted murder, three counts of aggravated assault, one count aggravated criminal damage. It was gang related. I was 16. I'm aged 17, I was charged as an adult.WATTERS: What was your name in the game?PELLERANO: Well, I went to Paco. They used to call me Paco -- when I got basically got out of the gang, when I went to prison, I started -- we started Outlaw King Blood Nation where we join the Latin Kings with the Bloods and I was holding the flag in that prison. I was the president and they called me Paco.And ironically, it was Paco, the Pope of the streets.WATTERS: Paco, the Pope of the streets. And was there something that happened when you were in prison that made you think, man, did I go down the wrong path?PELLERANO: It was my kids. Watching my kids grow up in pictures, watching my kids, you know, not being able to come visit me because I'm in maximum security.But this one time, it is etched in my heart. I'm fully restrained. I have the belt with the handcuffs with shackles and my little girl, Haley. She was almost two years old when I first got incarcerated, by this time, she was about six years old. She's about five or six years old because I had -- yes, she was about five years old.So I go and visit. I'm holding my beautiful little girl. And she starts asking me all of these questions. He started -- she grabs my handcuffs and she said, "Daddy, Daddy, what is this?" And as you know, it's brand new handcuffs, so I'm doing, I'm moving it. And I said, "Oh, baby. Oh, that's my bracelets. You want to see daddy shining over here." And she looks at me. She said, "Well, what is this?" And she grabs my shackles.And I started making the shackles jump like a jump rope. I said, "Oh, that's my jump rope." She looks at me again and she says, "You look stuck. You look stuck." And then she asked me again. She's like, "Daddy, what is this?" I said, "Handcuffs." She said, "Daddy, what is this?" I said. "Shackles."She said, "Why they got you like this, Daddy?" I said, "Because Daddy was being bad and this is daddy's punishment." And she looks at me and she says, "Well, but Daddy promised me you're not going to be bad anymore because I need you home with me, Daddy. I need you home with me, Daddy." It killed me.But I'm looking at her and then she starts asking me questions. She was like, well, daddy -- because she's mixed. So she said "Daddy, what color are you? What color is mom? What color am I?"It killed me because my daughter didn't know her identity because her father wasn't in her life, and that's what I looked at going on in the society today. People do not know their identity because they're not in their father's life.WATTERS: And you struggled with addiction, too. Did God help you recover from that as well?PELLERANO: Oh, yes. And that's really how I ended up getting sentenced to the church. I overdosed on heroin for the third time. The first time I overdosed on heroin when I was in the KALEO (ph) Project, and they threw my body in the hallway, because they thought -- and they should have killed me because all the games I was playing, but they thought I was dead. So they felt like they didn't have to kill me, so they just threw my body in the hallway.And I know now it was God that brought me back, but fast forward to the third time. I woke up in a hospital bed. The police officer was in front of me. I was trying to act like I'm sleeping like playing possum. I'm looking because I knew I had more drugs on me. And I'm looking I'm not cuffed to the bed, but I have IVs hanging out my arm.So the minute the police officer left to help some of the nurses with another guy that came in real belligerent that was intoxicated, as soon as I seen him move, I jumped up. I ripped the IVs on my arm, and I broke out running.I made it through one door, but the other door they have to buzz you out and it brings me to the scripture that God will close doors no man can open, and open doors that no man can close. And I thank God for that closed door because I needed to get caught.WATTERS: All right, you've gotten it together. Congratulations. If you could tell America one word for them to focus on. What would it be?PELLERANO: Jesus. Jesus.And in Jesus, the Bible says in the beginning was the Word. The Word was with God and the Word was God. This is my life, my story. So I have to tell it, I have to share it. And if God could do this in my life, what could he do in your life?WATTERS: I'm inspired. Pellerano, thank you so much for joining JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME, and thank God you got it together.PELLERANO: Glory to God., Glory to God.WATTERS: Time for Watters' Cooler. Let's bring in Fox Business correspondent Madison Alworth. Glory to God.MADISON ALWORTH, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: That was -- I'm actually crying., That was a roller coaster of an interview, beautiful.WATTERS: Oh quit --ALWORTH: And then he was a gangster even after overdosing, but he's really turned it around. That was amazing, Jesse.WATTERS: He's gotten it together.All right, first up --ALWORTH: I am going to get it together now.WATTERS: Women are setting expectations for men higher and higher these days. So guys, if you want a woman to say "I do," you got to know how to protect her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, this is 2024, we need to start thinking long term. Can this man get you through an apocalypse? Will he be the leader of your survival tribe? Because if not, you need to bounce. You need to go. Is he a two-word team on the natural selection scale?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Is this true? Is this how you think of us?ALWORTH: No, definitely not. What does she know that we don't know? Why do we need survival tribes like -- and also that kind of sounds like a cult? Is she in a cult? Does she need help?WATTERS: She just sees what's happening at Columbia and she might wonder what's next?ALWORTH: I mean, okay, fair. The world is a little topsy turvy, but I think also, survival today a little different than yesterday. We don't need any hunting.You know, I think we need people that can do tech organization, stuff like that.WATTERS: Okay.ALWORTH: I think she -- yes.WATTERS: Okay, you think she might be overdoing it. All right, maybe you're a little different than she is.ALWORTH: A little cult-y.WATTERS: Behind the scenes of PRIMETIME, my producers are asking the hard hitting questions like, how many days can you keep leftovers? One of my producers says he kept leftover pizza in the fridge for a month and he ate it.ALWORTH: No.WATTERS: Scott Sanders.ALWORTH: That's not true.WATTERS: It's true. And that's why we're doing it on PRIMETIME.ALWORTH: I feel like this is just us shaming Scott, because Scott, you should not pizza a month. There is no debate here, Jesse.A month is -- three weeks or two weeks is way too long.WATTERS: So he said he kept it in tin foil in the fridge and that was fine.ALWORTH: I mean, I guess if you don't see molds, but like it's pizza, also. You can get $1.50 slice in New York City. Are you not paying him enough, Jesse?WATTERS: Oh, how much are we paying Sanders? Double it. So the man doesn't get salmonella.ALWORTH: Yes.WATTERS: All right, back in school if you had an accident. It was humiliating.("BILLY MADISON" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)KYLE, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Hey, look, everybody. Billy peed his pants.(CHILDREN say oh.)BILLY MADISON, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Of course, I peed my pants. Everybody my age pees their pants. It's the coolest.KYLE: Really?MADISON: Yes. You ain't cool, unless you pee your pants.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But now it is cool. Just like Billy Madison, a fashion brand selling $600.00 jeans that make you look like you had an accident.ALWORTH: I have no words. I think it's a bit of like emperor's new clothing. Like you say oh, it is the coolest robes or these are the coolest jeans. You sell it for six hundred, they'll buy it, but it doesn't mean you should.WATTERS: $600.00 baby. Right there.ALWORTH: You can DIY it. You can DIY it for free.WATTERS: That's disgusting. Not as disgusting as Sanders but that's close.Madison, thank you very much.ALWORTH: anytime.WATTERS: Our movement continues. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: A violent storm devastated a stretch of the main coastline of Pemaquid Peninsula in Maine. This is a very special area for me. It is where I spent some time in the summers for many, many years and they're now trying to rebuild and any help that you can show would be greatly appreciated.For more information go to RockTheHarbor.org. RockTheHarbor.org right there. Thank you so much.Let's do some text messages.Linda from Alabaster, Alabama: Some of those college protesters look like they're in their 40s. How many years have they been in school?Carol from Seminole, Florida: Trump is heckling the heckler. Biden could never.Biden hides from them.Sally from Michigan: That interview with the former Latin King was amazing. I was in tears.God bless and Madison was crying.Mark from Pearl River, New York: If a former Latin King can get it together, so can we.That's all for tonight. DVR the show and always remember, I'm Watters and this is my world.