JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So, he expects his name to be right under the names of Trump and Biden. So, if you're interested in literally anybody else, vote for this guy.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," RFK Jr. at 8:00.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Oh, all right. Well, Jessica, next time. I promise.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes.PERINO: All right, that's it for us, everyone. Have a great night. Hey, Bret!BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Dana, literally anybody else has a shot.PERINO: The candidate.BAIER: All right, thank you.PERINO: That's awesome.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, a split screen in New York today as the current and former president are both in the state for very different reasons. Today, the former president attended the wake of New York Police officer Jonathan Diller who was killed during a traffic stop in Queens earlier this week. President Trump criticizing the current administration's policies calling for law and order. President Biden is also in New York today for a previously scheduled fundraiser with former presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama.We have Fox team coverage tonight. White House Correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has additional details on the President's high-profile fundraising event, but we begin with Correspondent Bryan Llenas on Long Island as family and friends honor officer Diller. Good evening, Bryan.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. A line of mourners wrapped around the funeral home this afternoon to pay their respects to officer Jonathan Diller. Former President Trump was in attendance as he seeks to contrast his presidential campaign with the current policies of President Joe Biden.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What happened is such a sad, sad event. It's such a horrible thing and it's happening all too often.LLENAS (voiceover): on Long Island, New York, Former President Trump attended the wake for fallen NYPD Officer Jonathan Diller who was shot and killed Monday during a traffic stop. Police say the shooter had 21 prior arrests. Trump says the law needs to be toughened up.TRUMP: We have to stop it. We have to get back to law and order. We have to do a lot of things differently because this is not working.LLENAS (voiceover): The former president met with officer Diller's wife, Stephanie, and 1-year-old son, Ryan.TRUMP: They're devastated. They've got a tough road. It's going to be a very tough road.LLENAS (voiceover): Trump was invited to attend today's wake by Republican Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman. The president of the NYPD sergeants union warning New York City Council politicians who he says "detest cops" don't show up.VINCENT VALLELONG, PRESIDENT, SERGEANTS BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION: The city council who seems to believe that criminals in today's day and age should be considered to be the victims of crimes.LLENAS (voiceover): Trump made no mention today of President Biden who tonight is holding a campaign fundraiser just 30 miles away in New York City with former presidents Obama and Clinton. Meantime, tributes pour in for officer Diller. A memorial grows outside his police precinct as blue ribbons and American flags line the streets of his hometown of Massapequa Park where nearly a thousand people attended a vigil last night to honor a family man and hero.JOSEPH LIENHOP, BROTHER-IN-LAW OF JONATHAN DILLER: He was born to be a cop. He was born to be a hero, OK. He was born to be a hero, he died being a hero. He died doing what he loved.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): Visitation hours continue again tonight at 700 p.m. The wake continues tomorrow. The funeral is on Saturday. As for officer Diller's suspected killer, he was charged today with first-degree murder and attempted murder. Prosecutors say he tried to shoot and kill officer Diller's partner but his gun jammed. Bret?BAIER: Bryan, thank you.As mentioned, President Biden is hosting a star-studded event at Radio City Music Hall tonight that his campaign says will break fundraising records. Former presidents and celebrities will be in attendance but so are demonstrators. Pro-Palestinian groups expected to protest outside of tonight's event. White House Correspondent Jacqui Heinrich reports tonight live from the North Lawn.Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The Biden Campaign is already touting what it calls the most successful fundraiser in American history. A sold out event with 5,000 attendees further bolstering Biden's more than three-to-one advantage over Trump's cash on hand.But while Team Biden wants dollars to signal momentum, the numbers crunch doesn't work out so well in the polls.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voiceover): Former President Barack Obama hitching a ride on Air Force One with his former V.P. to meet Bill Clinton for a conversation moderated by Stephen Colbert with a star-studded lineup including performances by Lizzo, Queen Latifa, and more.ROBERT GIBBS, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Two really good communicators, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, both talking about what Joe Biden has been able to do.HEINRICH (voiceover): For 100 grand, donors can get their picture with the three presidents snapped by famed photographer Annie Leibovitz. Half a million buys access to an exclusive reception. Biden's team framing the $25 million hall as a show of enthusiasm, but his other numbers are not so good.Outside Radio City Music Hall, protesters calling to flood Manhattan against Genocide Joe, as new Fox polls show 10% more registered voters now side with Palestinians compared to right after Hamas' terror attack. Liberals, Democrats, voters under 35, and women all shifting their views in double digits.The White House says it's rescheduling a meeting Israel canceled after the U.S. allowed the U.N. to adopt a resolution demanding an immediate ceasefire in Gaza without a conditional hostage release.HEINRICH: The U.S. has blocked previous votes from going through that looked exactly like this. So, what caused the shift and what is the President's reason for allowing this to go through? It is a change.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: No, it is not. It is not a policy change. We've been very clear.HEINRICH: It's a messaging change.JEAN-PIERRE: No, I disagree. I disagree. This is not about politics. It's not. The President does not lead his national security or things that are the right thing to do --HEINRICH (voiceover): Voters polled by Fox trust Trump to do better on foreign policy by 11 points. Today, the former president spent his day with the family of a slain police officer.MARK PENN, FORMER CLINTON ADVISER: When crime is one of your biggest issues, it seems to me to be a much, much better campaign day rather than playing up an enormous kind of fundraiser.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): The White House rejected the comparison saying President Biden has stood with law enforcement his entire career and continued to fund police programs whereas violent crime surged under the Trump Administration, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui, President Biden did receive an invitation from House Republicans tonight. What about that?HEINRICH: Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer invited the president to what he called an opportunity to account for the millions in foreign funds that allegedly flowed to him, his family, or their business associates. But the spokesman for the White House Counsel's Office laughed it off writing in part, "LOL. Comer knows 20-plus witnesses have testified that POTUS did nothing wrong. This is a sad stunt at the end of a dead impeachment. Call it a day, pal."Bret?BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live on the North Lawn. Jacqui, thanks.While the former President is on Long Island, his attorneys appeared for a court hearing in Georgia as part of his election interference case there. The fate of that trial and a potential trial start are now in the hands of a judge. Correspondent Jonathan Serrie is in Atlanta with that tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): The future of the Georgia criminal case against former President Trump and his associates remains uncertain as the judge weighs today's arguments on whether Mr. Trump's alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 election were protected by the First Amendment.STEVE SADOW, TRUMP ATTORNEY: There is nothing alleged factually against President Trump that is not political speech.SERRIE (voiceover): Trump's team is asking the judge to dismiss the indictment. Prosecutors want the trial to start August 5th.DONALD WAKEFORD, SENIOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY, FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA: He's not being prosecuted for lying. He's been prosecuted for lying to the government, a state -- an act which is illegal because it does harm to the government.SERRIE (voiceover): It was the first hearing in the Georgia case since March 15 when special prosecutor Nathan Wade resigned to allow District Attorney Fani Willis to continue prosecuting it. Judge Scott McAfee had ruled both prosecutors could not try the case together after the defense alleged a conflict of interest because of Willis' past romantic involvement with Wade. The defense is expected to appeal.ASHLEIGH MERCHANT, MICHAEL ROMAN ATTORNEY: We're going to be arguing that his decision actually should have gone farther and it should have actually disqualified her because he gave us all the factual findings we need, we just now need a court to say that's too much, that's enough, she's got to be disqualified.SERRIE (voiceover): Willis also on the defense against House Republicans investigating her use of federal funds. In a letter to House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan, Willis writes I categorically reject the assertion that this office is deficient in responding to the Committee's subpoena. The D.A. also warns Jordan, nothing that you do will derail the efforts of my staff and I to bring the election interference prosecution to trial.(END VIDEOTAPE)SERRIE (on camera): In other Georgia news separate from this case, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that another Georgia judge has fined the state Republican Party's first vice chairman, Brian Pritchard, $5,000 for illegally voting nine times while serving probation for a felony check forgery sentence. Pritchard was an outspoken denier of the 2020 election result. Bret?BAIER: Interesting. Jonathan Serrie in Atlanta. Jonathan, thank you.Former President Trump speaks with Brian Kilmeade on "FOX AND FRIENDS" tomorrow at 6:00 a.m. Eastern. Check that out.We are awaiting an update from Maryland Governor Wes Moore on the Baltimore bridge collapse. We'll monitor that press conference for any news. In the meantime, the U.S. Coast Guard says the cargo ship that crashed into the support pillar had undergone engine maintenance at port just before the collision. And authorities are now learning more from that recorder found on board.Correspondent Griff Jenkins is on the Baltimore Harbor again with the latest tonight. Good evening, Griff.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The very first crane arrived floating on a barge about an hour ago we can show you. That crane sits in the very area where they were doing recovery operations yesterday as we watched the Army Corps of Engineers is leading the effort to clear the channel and reopen the port which is expected to take weeks if not months.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GOV. WES MOORE (D-MD): This work is not going to take days. This work is not going to take weeks. We have a very long road ahead of us.JENKINS (voiceover): Governor West Moore is requesting $60 million in initial emergency relief funding from the Biden Administration to begin salvage operations, and he notes additional funds will be needed. The U.S. Navy is sending barges with cranes and support vessels to assist the Army Corps of Engineers as they try to reopen the channel to America's ninth busiest port.PETE BUTTIGIEG, U.S. TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: Between $100 and $200 million of value that comes through that port every day, and about $2 million in wages that are at stake every day.JENKINS (voiceover): According to ship tracker Marine Traffic, more than 10 vessels have had to reroute to other ports and Carnival Cruise Line was forced to move its Baltimore operations to Norfolk, Virginia.JENNIFER HOMENDY, CHAIR, NTSB: Some of the hazmat containers were breached.JENKINS (voiceover): NTSB Chair Jennifer Homendy says the Dali has 56 containers on board with hazardous material. Plans to move it can begin until the debris is clear and power is restored. As the investigation gets underway, we're also learning the ship was involved in a 2016 accident. Footage shows the ship hitting a berth while exiting the port in Antwerp, Belgium. The cause of the accident was unknown.(END VIDEOTAPE)JENKINS (on camera): And this afternoon at the Baltimore Orioles opening day game, there were three Transit Authority police officers honored for their swift actions in closing that bridge likely saving countless lives. Bret?BAIER: Griff Jenkins live just outside the bridge there. Griff, thanks.Stocks mixed today as investors await a key inflation gauge. The Dow was up 47. The S&P 500 gained six. The Nasdaq fell 20.Up next, the U.S. Navy is calling on Congress to pass stalled Defense spending. We'll take a look at the military's wish list and the price tag that goes along with that.First here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. WFXT in Boston, a team search for a Marine from Massachusetts who was swept away in high surf at a beach in Puerto Rico. Officials said the 26-year-old was visiting the island with his family.Fox 32 in Chicago where a 22-year-old man has been charged with four counts of first-degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder after allegedly going on a stabbing spree across a northern Illinois city. Rockford Police found victims at multiple locations. Three people remain hospitalized tonight, four have been released. Officers say the attacker had no clear motive.And this is a live look outside Globe Life Field in Arlington, Texas from Fox 4. Our affiliate there, one of the big stories there tonight, it is as Griff mentioned opening day for Major League Baseball. World Series Champion Texas Rangers will face the Chicago Cubs in tonight's game. Before the first pitch, the Rangers will be presented with the Commissioner's Trophy.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Russia has vetoed a United Nations resolution that ends sanctions monitoring over North Korea's nuclear program. Sanctions will remain in place but the resolution would have extended a mandate to allow a U.N. committee to study the restrictions. The mandate has been renewed for 14 years. The West is accusing Moscow of shielding its weapons purchases from North Korea to use in its war against Ukraine.Russian President Vladimir Putin says the possibility of launching an attack on a NATO member is nonsense, but at the same time, he warns Western air bases housing us made F-16 fighter jets could be a legitimate target for Kremlin forces. Ukraine is awaiting the delivery of F-16s, which are expected to help Ukrainian forces hit back against Russia's air dominance.The United States Navy is asking lawmakers for more than $2 billion in funding after Congress failed to pass a defense spending bill. Nearly six months later, officials warned, short-term spending deals are hamstringing certain military operations. The request comes as China bolsters its sea fleet and ramps up its aggression in the region.Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin shows us tonight from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): For the second time this month, Chinese warships encircled a Philippine supply boat using water cannons to blast the vessel in the South China Sea. The outgoing head of the U.S. military in the Pacific warned Congress, China's military is getting more aggressive.ADM. JOHN AQUILINO, U.S. INDO-PACIFIC COMMAND: Things are trending in the wrong direction, they are continuing to develop their military machine despite an economy that has significant problems. Their actions are becoming much more belligerent.GRIFFIN (voiceover): With tensions rising in the South China and Red Seas, the Navy's top leaders have presented Congress with a $2.2 billion wish list, 13 items they say are needed due to Congress's repeated delays, continuing resolutions to defense funding bill since October, and to the House Republicans blocking the supplemental bill to fund Ukraine, Taiwan and Israel's defense needs.SABRINA SINGH, PENTAGON DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY: Essentially, operating under C.R. is like operating with one arm tied behind your back, you're just not able to do it effectively.GRIFFIN (voiceover): The wish list includes $92.9 million to buy more missiles for the Navy's depleted fifth fleet, which has faced more than 100 Houthi attacks since October.GEN. MICHAEL KURILLA, U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND: If the supplemental has passed. I will tell you that also resupplies the weapons that I have fired in the Red Sea, but a lot of that goes to the industrial base.GRIFFIN (voiceover): With an eye on global adversaries, the Navy also wants $50 million to buy for long-range submarine launch torpedoes designed to sink deep-diving nuclear submarines and aircraft carriers.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): The Navy also wants $403 million for the U.S. submarine industrial base, something Republican lawmakers put into the stalled Ukraine funding bill, Bret.BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thanks.Up next, a live report from New Mexico's southern border. Why officials there warned they face a unique challenge compared to other border states. We'll take you there.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. China says the U.S. should abide by the One China principle and stop interfering in the South China Sea. Beijing's defense ministry says it opposes U.S. arms sales to Taiwan. That comes as a congressional delegation visits the self-governed island pledging continued U.S. support.Pope Francis delivered a lengthy mass to Rome-based priests on this Holy Thursday. He blessed the oils for their Easter church services and later traveled to Rome's main women's prison to wash the feet of inmates there. The 87-year-old appeared in good health after recent health issues.And this is a live look at London. One of the big stories there tonight. Transit officials say hot dogs must remain above ground. London's underground network has asked a comedian to change his stand up show advertisement which features a hot dog due to a ban on junk food advertising in the underground. The poster for Ed Gamble's show Hot Diggity Dog initially featured the comedian with a half-eaten hot dog. The newly approved poster now shows a cucumber instead. A lot about nutrition in the underground.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: As the federal government expands its use of artificial intelligence, the White House is now saying it will require agencies to adopt "concrete safeguards" to protect American's rights. The agencies are asked to include disclosures to the public that show when and how artificial intelligence is being used. The administration says the protections must be in place by December 1st.Disgraced FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried has been sentenced to 25 years in prison. The 32-year-old was convicted in November of fraud and conspiracy related to his digital currency exchange platform.Prosecutors argued Bankman-Fried misappropriated funds to gain influence in the industry, costing his customers more than $10 billion. Customers still trying to get that money back. Bankman-Fried delivered a statement today saying he was sorry.Illinois crime policies are facing fierce criticism tonight after a tragic incident left an 11-year-old boy dead. Police say that boy was protecting his pregnant mother from a suspect who had been released on parole the day before. And Illinois parole official has since resigned for recommending that man's release.Correspondent Alexis McAdams is in Chicago tonight.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Jayden Perkins's smile could light up the room. The 11-year-old Chicago boy was a talented dancer and a singer who recently celebrated a scholarship to a local dance school.JAYDEN PERKINS: When I received my scholarship from Gus I was like, oh my God, seriously I always wanted to go here.MCADAMS (voiceover): Jaden was killed earlier this month. Police say he was stabbed to death while trying to protect his pregnant mom from her violent ex-boyfriend Chris Eddie Brand. Brand had just been released on parole. He was out for less than 24 hours before investigators say he murdered the child and badly injured his mom. Neighbors say they heard screams coming from the apartment, wondering why Brand was ever allowed back out on the streets in the first place.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He was. Something should have been done beforehand. This is no excuse.MCADAMS: Brand had just served roughly half of his 16-year prison sentence for home invasion but was rearrested last month for threatening Perkins mom. Chicago's top cop says this tragedy should have been prevented.SUPERINTENDENT LARRY SNELLING, CHICAGO POLICE DEPARTMENT: This is someone who should not have been on the street.MCADAMS: The now deadly decision to let Crosetti Brand back out onto the streets was made by A prison review board who recommended he should be released. That board was handpicked by Illinois's Democratic governor. Governor J.B. Pritzker now admitting that the suspect's case was not given the careful consideration need before he was set free. And earlier this week, both the chair and a member of that parole board resigned. Cook county States Attorney Kim Foxx calling for investigation.KIM FOXX, COOK COUNTY STATE'S ATTORNEY: This is horrific, and we need to do an evaluation, particularly in this case.(END VIDEO TAPE)MCADAMS: And his family and friends, Bret, continue to mourn the death of this 11-year-old innocent boy here in Chicago. The governor here in Illinois, J.B. Pritzker, calling for review of the board's policies, specifically when it comes to domestic violence. But the family still wants to know why this guy was ever out on the streets in the first place, Bret.BAIER: Alexis McAdams in Chicago. Alexis, thanks.The Republican controlled House of Representatives is expected to send two impeachment articles for Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas to the Senate on April 10th. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer says senators will be sworn in as jurors the following day. House Speaker Mike Johnson is calling for a full public trial. Senator Schumer called the impeachment vote a sham.The Senate must technically hold a vote for the articles. But it could proceed with portions of the trial, dismiss the articles, table them, or send them to a committee.Border agents in New Mexico warn the situation in their state is dire and very different from that of neighboring Texas. Rather than turning themselves into Border Patrol like in other states, migrants crossing into New Mexico are purposefully avoiding agents all together. Senior correspondent Casey Stegall shows us tonight from Sunland Park.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CASEY STEGALL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: A tale of two border states. The Texas installed razor wire ends where Sunland Park, New Mexico, begins. And officials say here they are experiencing a different side of the migrant crisis.DANNY MEDRANO, SUNLAND PARK, NEW MEXICO, FIRE CHIEF: What we are seeing in New Mexico on this side of the border, they don't want to get caught.STEGALL: Illegal crossings disrupting everyday life. On Wednesday morning six migrants caught near a middle school. The search forced a lockdown, and the school's superintendent says it's the second time it's happened in the past week.TRAVIS DEMPSEY, GADSDEN, NEW MEXICO, INDEPENDENT SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENT: It is concerning, and it does at some level disrupt our educational process.STEGALL: The local fire department is feeling the strain on resources, responding to migrant rescues and body recoveries. The Sundland Park fire chief tells FOX that illegal crossings take a toll on his team and the community.MEDRANO: They will hide in backyards, toolsheds, trashcans, up against building. The vast majority, I'm sure, are good people and looking for a better life. But, again, we have seen the statistics. We know that there are bad actors in those groups.STEGALL: Those bad actors often make their way far beyond border states. New numbers from ICE show 216 criminal migrants were apprehended during a two-week operation this month nationwide.RUSSELL HOTT, ICE ENFORCEMENT AND REMOVAL: Many arrested had additional serious criminal convictions, including burglary, arson, assault, kidnapping, extortion, sexual assault, and forgery.STEGALL: And investigators say 104 of those arrested had previously been removed from the U.S. but illegally entered again, an alarming number for people living and working on the frontlines.MEDRANO: I'm not going to say we are overwhelmed, but it's taxing on the community.(END VIDEO TAPE)STEGALL (on camera): And officials say the bad problems will only get worse when the summer heat arrives which will translate into more calls migrant medical emergencies. Bret?BAIER: Casey Stegall along the border in New Mexico. Casey, thanks.As record number of migrants pour into the U.S., many U.S. citizens are moving out. The number of U.S. expats in European countries is now on the rise. Correspondent Alex Hogan explains why increasing number of Americans are leaving the U.S. behind.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Americans are moving to Europe in growing numbers.ELISE SLOTTE, WOW GUIDE ALGARVE: It's the largest group coming that wants to relocate for a better life.HOGAN: Relocation specialists say Americans right now are pointing to the same two problems.SLOTTE: Safety reaches and for quality reasons.BRIAN CRIDER, AMERICAN LIVING IN PORTUGAL: Our Boston Market had a mass shooting. The local pizza place that I went to on a regular basis had a mass shooting.HOGAN: Brian and Janis say they left their home in Washington, D.C. for a more affordable and safer life in Portugal.CRIDER: I don't fear for my life here.HOGAN: Politics back home also came into play.JANIS MUSSELMAN, AMERICAN LIVING IN PORTUGAL: There's nobody good to vote for. There's nobody who is going to help the country.HOGAN: According to Euro Stat, the number of U.S. citizens moving to the European union first spiked after the 2016 election. Relocation companies tell FOX that that trend really kicked off in 2020.PATRICIA CASABURI, GLOBAL CITIZEN SOLUTIONS: We anticipate with this coming election that it becomes even more relevant for people to act on it.HOGAN: People like Wesley Tan who moved from L.A. to Poland.WESLEY TAN, AMERICAN LIVING IN POLAND: Having the flexibility to be able to leave and move to another country if you want is very powerful.HOGAN: In 2022 the number of U.S. citizens relocating within the European Union climbed by 28 percent. The majority of Americans are moving to France, then Spain, Germany, the Netherlands, and then Italy. But some smaller countries are making big waves for what they can offer. And 79- year-old Linda Koran from Santa Fey, New Mexico, will move to Portugal at the start of April in hope of a California-like retirement without the west coast price tag.LINDA KORAN, NEW MEXICO RETIREE: The climate is marvelous and the sea is even more marvelous. And so if you add all of that together, it's a great decision as far as I'm concerned.(END VIDEO TAPE)HOGAN: So it the grass truly greener? All of these Americans tell us they do not regret it but warn to not underestimate the red tape of moving and the culture shock. Bret?BAIER: Alex Hogan in London. Alex, thanks.Up next, the panel on presidential politics as former President Trump and President Biden both travel to New York for different reasons. We'll bring you that.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARL ROVE, FORMER GEORGE W. BUSH SENIOR ADVISER: You need money to run a campaign. This could help the Democratic campaign identify target voters and get them out to vote.ROBERT GIBBS, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I think it's going to be a really terrific and special moment for the campaign and for the country to see.VIVEK RAMASWAMY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's not Joe Biden we need to worry about. It's the machine underneath him propping him up.That's what I take away from the Obama and Clinton machine involvement.MARK PENN, FORMER CLINTON ADVISER: It's not exactly a good campaign look, particularly if former President Trump is over seeing the wife of a slain policeman at the same time.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, that is what's happening today. It was a split screen moment. Here's how "Politico" writes it, "Biden's NYC money bomb. President Joe Biden heads to the big apple tonight for a star-studded fundraising event with former Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton and late show host Stephen Colbert. The campaign says Biden will break fundraising records, bringing in $25 million for the one night only event. Today's NYC split screen, former President Trump will attend the wake of a slain NYPD officer as he goes after Biden over crime."Brian Kilmeade interviewed the former president. He will show that on FOX & FRIENDS tomorrow. Here's a piece.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I think that politically he can't support the police. I think he is also making a mistake. But I think politically, his base won't let him support the police. And I support the police, I would say at the highest level of any president by far, maybe double or triple. And they knew that. That's by when I walked into that funeral parlor, it was like love.They want to shy away from it. They didn't even call the family.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The former president will be on FOX & FRIENDS with Brian Kilmeade there aboard Trump Force One, it appears.Let's bring in our panel, Trey Gowdy, former Congressman from South Carolina, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, and Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio.Trey, obviously, the president is going to raise at love money. This was a fundraiser on the books. But, to Mark Penn's point, the split screen is not a great look.TREY GOWDY, FORMER SOUTH CAROLINA REPRESENTATIVE: No, it's awful. And you can do both. We have had slain police officers in my state. Tim Scott was the very first one to call him. Sometimes he went and visited. You can actually do both. I know you need to raise money. It's hard to reschedule two former presidents. But you ought to take time while you are in New York to go express your sympathy. You don't just have to be pro-law enforcement. Be pro-human being and say we are sorry for your loss. He can do both, and my advice to him would be to do both.BAIER: Yes. Juan, Karine Jean-Pierre saying that the hearts go out to the officer's family and the broader NYPD family. And then they go on to point out how they believe the Biden-Harris administration has supported police officers. Should he have done more?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: I think he will do more. But, I mean, in the moment, if he was trying to contrast himself with former President Trump, yes, he would have succeeded in trying to somewhat thwart Trump's effort to make this somehow a crimewave to be blamed on Biden in the country is all going to hell, and American carnage. It's all picking up on that theme which has been a staple of Trump's rally speeches.But the big news to me, just looking at the politics of it, Bret, is that money, money is a big advantage in American politics. You can go and campaign in places, in some places in red or purple states, and force your opponent to have to spend money there as well. I'm thinking of Ohio, for example, where right now Trump would be favored but, again, if you see Biden spending money, I think Trump will have to do something.And meanwhile, I don't think Trump could get former presidents on the Republican side to go campaign with him. Not George W. Bush, not Dick Cheney, maybe even not Mike Pence. Trump is off selling bibles and sneakers.BAIER: Guy, thoughts?GUY BENSON, POLITICAL EDITOR, TOWNHALL.COM: Well, the White House can say that their hearts go out to this family, but the president did not go out to the wake. He is busy rubbing elbows with Stephen Colbert and Lizzo, who I guess has been uncanceled. I missed that memo, but that's interesting. They will raise a lot of money. They are the big money in politics party now. The Democrats have been for years.But I think Donald Trump made it a point to get to that wake, not just to signal his support for law enforcement, but to highlight some of the policy failures, yes, that led to this horrible shooting. This was a gunman, allegedly, who had been arrested 21 prior times. And now he has been arrested a 22nd time after apparently murdering a young family man, an NYPD officer. And the juxtaposition of Trump being there, miles away from this big glitzy event for Joe Biden, which will be very beneficial to their campaign moneywise, no doubt about that. I think the images, though, and the message sent is quite powerful as well.BAIER: Guy, staying with you, on your radio show today you had former secretary of state, former CIA director Mike Pompeo. All this talk and we had the candidate casino of V.P. potential picks. His name does come up. Take a listen to this little segment from your show.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENSON: Who is Donald Trump going to select as his running mate for this upcoming election in November? Let's just say that phone call came in for you to get vetted or at least entertain that type of question. Would you be open to it?MIKE POMPEO, FORMER U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: If I got a chance to serve and the president wanted me to serve and I thought I could make a difference, I'm almost certain that I would say yes to a request like that. If I thought I could literally help the president be successful in whatever role that might be, I would be pretty inclined to go try and be part of the team.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It was an interesting answer. I don't think I have heard him answer something like that. Guy?BENSON: Yes, he also got into substance on policy and all of that elsewhere in the interview. I asked him that political question at the very end. Of course, it's getting some attention. But if you think about Pompeo and his resume, right, he was secretary of state, CIA director, member of Congress, West Point guy. He is a very solid, stable, sort of calming presence. There's a case to be made absolutely for Mike Pompeo, depending on what Trump would value on a ticket. And I think at the very least he merits serious consideration. And based on that answer, he would at least be willing to take that call and step up if the request came in.BAIER: Trey, it doesn't seem like there is a decision in the offing here, that this might be playing out all the way up to July, maybe, if we had to guess with the former president's plan.GOWDY: I think this highlights the danger of artificial intelligence. There's no way in the world that that was really Mike Pompeo's voice. I'm in law firm with Mike.(LAUGHTER)GOWDY: Who would give up, who would give up having teleconferences with me and John Ratcliffe to be the vice president of the United States? So, I think the whole thing is fake.I don't know who he is going to pick. The last I heard he said he didn't really need a vice president. Who enjoys going to funerals for a living? I don't know who it is going to be. But if it's Pompeo, I will be disappointed, and I will be a lot poorer.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: That's good. Panel, stand by. I want to mention we were monitoring that news conference with Maryland Governor Wes Moore. He just said that President Biden approved his $60 million emergency aid request for the recovery efforts and the rebuilding, as you look like there. We're, again, monitoring it for news. Nothing besides that request getting through. We will continue to look at that.Up next, the panel on the border crisis, the criticism of President Biden's efforts to address it specifically, and, later, animals on the hunt for some Easter eggs? We'll see.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CROWD: Free, free, Palestine! Free, free, free, Palestine!BAIER: You're looking like outside Radio City Music Hall. Some pro- Palestinian protesters. They call them "Abandon Biden" protesters, and the group formed a protest, President Biden's reluctance, they say, to call for a cease-fire in Gaza. They say they will be out and about as this fundraiser gets underway at Radio City Music Hall with the former presidents and Stephen Colbert.We're back with our panel now, turning topics to the topic of immigration and how much it still is very, very prevalent in politics not only for border states but around the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ART DEL CUETO, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: We're seen as a weak administration right now, and this administration continues to not do anything. They are catering to what the people are coming across. They are putting Americans last.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We should be where the majority of Americans are. They want us to deal with what's happening at the border, and they want us to fix this immigration system.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: If you look at our latest FOX News poll of Biden administration failures, when asked about that, immigration tops that list at 31 percent. Again, failures for the administration. The administration pushing back on that.Guy, this is a sore issue. You heard it in the president's State of the Union address. But it's not going away, and it seems to only be increasing.BENSON: Yes, because the president has the opportunity to, with the stroke of a pen, undo unilaterally a number of bad decisions he made on day one, basically, of his presidency. Yes, he would love Congress to act and we can debate those pieces of legislation until we are blue in the face, but he has the opportunity to make this much better immediately, and he's simply refusing to do it.So the deflection from the White House, I think, isn't going to really sell with a lot of the people. And what we are seeing, Bret, especially last month in February, the worst February ever on record for border apprehensions, a lot of those folks are now moving. The cartels are shifting them westward to Democratic governors, New Mexico, Arizona, California, as Texas is stepping up their enforcement to the chagrin of the administration, producing lawsuits with the state of Texas. So it's a mess and there is really one person primarily responsible.BAIER: Juan, you hear that, and that is true, and Republicans definitely have talking point. But you look at our poll about who is to blame for the situation on the southern border. And it does seem like the administration and the president's efforts to point that bill is having some effect. Biden at 74 percent, Congress at 82 percent, despite everything that Guy just said.WILLIAMS: Well, he is the incumbent. He's the guy behind the big desk, and so people are going to hold him responsible. I do think that he has dulled the issue somewhat by saying hey, we had a bipartisan bill endorsed by Border Patrol, Chamber of Commerce, and others on the conservative side, and Republicans rejected it at Trump's insistence.But I think that Biden has to do something, because as the FOX poll showed, this is a real issue for voters. They want some action. And they don't want to finger pointing and blaming. A lot of the action, unfortunately, is taking place in courts just this week. The Fifth Circuit put a hold on what Texas was doing. But that doesn't come across as a win for Biden so much as just more noise, I think, to American voters.BAIER: Speaking of courts, I want to turn topics real quick, Trey, and that is the judge in Georgia now considering this case whether to kick out Fani Willis again, whether the case down in Georgia, the election interference case goes forward. Here is Fani Willis from the weekend. Just listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I guess my greatest crime is I had a relationship with a man. But that's not something that I find embarrassing in any way. And I know that I have not done anything that's illegal.All while that was going on, we were writing responsive briefs. We were still doing the case in the way that it needed to be done. I don't feel like we have been slowed down at all. I do think that there are efforts to slow down this train, but the train is coming.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Trey, you think the train is coming?GOWDY: If she is not embarrassed, then she is just not easily embarrassed, Bret. Any D.A. would be embarrassed at the mere thought of possibly being kicked off of a case.I think if the train comes, it's going to come after November, and it may even come after the new president is inaugurated, whether it's Biden or Trump. So, she is not first in line. New York is. This case is on appeal. The judge is considering the First Amendment arguments on another part of the case. So if she is happy with the way things are going in Georgia, then she needs to go become a defense attorney and not a prosecutor.BAIER: All right, panel, thanks a lot.Finally tonight, a special day. Greg Gutfeld has animals are great. Well, we have animals at a German zoo on the hunt this week for Easter eggs. The zoo staff scattering colorful eggs throughout the animals' habitat. Inside many of the eggs, special treats -- nuts, berries, fruits. The bears, for example -- I'm fond of those -- for example, they set out to find eggs with shell made from flowers and water. And they had a good time hunting for those eggs. We try to compete with Greg here sometimes.Tomorrow is the one-year anniversary of Russian imprisonment of Evan Gershkovich. We're going to talk with "The Wall Street Journal" editor in chief Emma Tucker.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and unafraid.