SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity" tonight.We begin with a FOX News alert. At this hour, we are monitoring a very tense scene on the ground in New York City where police now appear poised to finally take back Columbia University's campus after what has been weeks of far-left violence, harassment, anarchy and insurrection. We're going to take you there live on the ground with Alexis McAdams in just a moment.Plus, a full report from Sara Carter. She's been covering this from the beginning.Also tonight that is breaking, a damning new report from the Washington swamp, the Biden administration is now planning to develop what is an a -- welcome untold number of Palestinian refugees into the U.S. to be resettled permanently in a neighborhood near you.Now, keep in mind no neighboring country in the Middle East is willing to host any Palestinian refugees. Now, one question, why is that? Keep in mind, the people of Gaza have long been subject to anti-Jewish and anti- American indoctrination, starting at a very, very early age.Now just look at these disgusting antisemitic cartoons that children in Gaza are watching. They target young children. They indoctrinate them. They brainwash them.And just take a look at this, this is what they watch on TV growing up. On October 7th, scores of Gaza residents celebrated, even participated in the brutal terrorist attack against Israel and on September 11th, 2001, you might recall, crowds of Palestinians taking to the streets to celebrate the horrific attack. And now, Biden wants to import this potential hate and vital to a city or town near you? How do you possibly ever in any way vet people that are from Gaza and whether or not they've been radicalized or not? Your feckless president would be once again putting our country at risk, just like the 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants, many from our top geopolitical foes, that being China and Russia and Iran and Syria and Egypt and Afghanistan. What? All for a few votes from a radical base?Look at your screen tonight, this is live at Columbia University in New York City where Joe Biden's summer of love is now officially underway. After failing to enforce their own rules for the past three weeks, Columbia has been seized by a group of hate-filled far-left agitators who are now terrorizing the campus. All Jewish students have been told to stay away because it's not safe.And today, all building were locked down as school officials warned students and visitors to steer clear of the university, following last night's night of violence.Now, we had hammer wielding rioters stacked out in Islamic garb and face coverings, smashing their way into a main academic building, chanting for the total destruction of Israel. We heard from the river to the sea, the annihilation of Israel over and over again.Now, these criminals then proceeded to vandalize the building, and unfurl a giant banner with the word intifada written in blood red. As a reminder if you don't know, the term intifada, that represents a violent holy war against the Jewish people.Meanwhile as the chaos unfolded, three facility workers were held against their will until early this morning after one janitor was finally allowed to leave, he reportedly said, quote, they held me hostage. Now, today, the rioters occupying Hamilton Hall at Columbia demanded food, water and other, quote, humanitarian assistance. One individual had this exchange with "FOX & Friends" host, our buddy Lawrence Jones.Here's LJ.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE JONES, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: How do you feel about them taking over the building right now?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that their cause is a just cause and I hope that the administration really hears their demands. I think they're just demands.JONES: Do you feel like it was right to hold three of the janitor workers hostage with inside of the building?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that's a really false narrative.JONES: That's what they the janitors are saying that they weren't allowed to leave.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that that's a really false narrative.JONES: Even if the janitors are saying that you're saying that that's not true?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that it's a really false narrative that the students took anyone hostage.JONES: How do you feel about some of the Jewish students saying that they don't feel safe here on campus?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that this is also a really false narrative that's being promoted.JONES: Do you think October 7th and the attack that happened as a false narrative? Do you believe that some of the women were raped?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My colleague just came back.JONES: So, this is what happened?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you get out of my face please?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Yeah, don't worry, you'll probably be paying through Joe Biden student loan forgiveness program for that girl's education. She's been educated out of any common sense she might have been born with, and denying simple undeniable truths.We have violent threats, vandalism, antisemitism, praise for Hamas, praise for the barbaric terrorist attack on October 7th, the worst in Israel's history.This is not a peaceful anti-war protest. It is a bigoted pro-terrorism riot just a short distance away from ground zero and God forbid you use the wrong pronoun, at a lot of universities like Columbia or commit some other kind of micro aggression.But calls for an entire country's annihilation, a Holocaust in our time, support for what was rape and torture and murder and hostage taking carried out by Hamas because, quote, resistance is justified by any means necessary -- well, apparently, that's okay, all okay at Columbia.The school's president has done little to quell this riot for weeks, allowing these so-called protesters pretty much to do whatever they want. The inmates tonight at Columbia are running the asylum. And as for Joe Biden, he's in Delaware, hiding from the public.Americans are getting physically blocked from attending class, all because of their Jewish faith or political beliefs, and Joe Biden is nowhere to be found. Your gutless president Joe instead has his own State Department officially attacking the state of Israel for daring to fight back against the barbaric terrorist that attacked Israel, while Joe's been pressuring Israel to abandon their plans to win their war against radical Islamic terrorists and defeat the people that attack them. Here in the U.S., bigots, racist, terrorist sympathizers roam the corridors of dozens of American universities, calling for intifada and Joe Biden doesn't seem to care. He wants their vote.At VCU in Richmond, Virginia, police were pelted with giant water bottles and other projectiles and don't worry, they'll be calling it mostly peaceful any day now and Kamala Harris will tweet out a bail fund I'm sure for anybody arrested. And Joe Biden, he remains silent, he wants their votes. At the University of Washington, one Jewish student told the local news, quote, it is very visceral, very visceral feeling in me when someone tells me to go back to the gas chambers and Joe Biden says nothing?At UCLA, a suspected, quote, Zionist wearing a Star of David necklace forced off the sidewalk by racist students. The pro-Palestinian rioters said that Zionist Jews are not allowed to use a sidewalk at their own school and Joe Biden cowers in fear, your gutless president pathetically afraid to do anything that might cost him a few votes from his radical base. He was shocked and scared to death after what happened in Michigan and what happened in Michigan is, oh, let's see over 100,000 uncommitted Democratic presidential primary voters, 18.9 percent of the Democratic Party base in that state, that's swing state, over 50,000 people uncommitted in Wisconsin, over 40,000 uncommitted in Pennsylvania.And even, by the way Joe Biden's afraid to use his Justice Department to enforce the civil rights act and ensure that no American is ever blocked from going to the school on the basis of religion or race.Now this is moral cowardice that we have never seen before. Old Joe talked a big game on the campaign trail about Charlottesville, but as president, when it really matters, your frail, your weak, your cognitive -- cognitively struggling commander-in-chief is completely missing an action today.Now, let's take you to the ground at Columbia with our very own Alexis McAdams. She's been talking to some of the student protesters tonight.Alexis, what's going on there? And we'd love to hear from some of those protesters.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWSD CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Sean. So I'm going to show you what's going on right now. I'm going to flip the camera around. Things are escalating out here as the NYPD is moving in, now bringing in their buses here. This is exactly what happened last time when they made those arrests, right of those students.I was told by an NYPD source that they are bringing in those officers to make arrest of those students for trespassing and disorderly conduct charges. It comes kind of sounds similar, right? Well, that's because it just happened the other day.There's been a lot of chaos out here in just the past 24 hours in counting. You can see the NYPD here just trying to move in and they're doing their best out here but they're really not very welcome here in this crowd. So we're doing our best to move around and kind of see if they're going to be able to get in, you can kind of see this opening here. I'm going to have my photographer, Sean, move in, can see him moving in.This has been -- they rolled up I'd say in the past hour, but there had to be a lot of playing into this. So I was told by an NYPD source that they did get that call from President Minouche Shafik, right, so that's what they've been waiting for here. They had to get a call because it's private property. So I'm going to see what some of these people think about these arrests.Let's see we can talk to.What do you think about the arrest?Stay with us. We're just going to kind of move into the crowd.What do you think about the NYPD moving in making arrests?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's crazy. It's just crazy.MCADAMS: What about what the students are doing though breaking glass? Is it -- do you think that's wrong?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean, it's an escalation because of what's going on in Palestine, just the amount of craziness that going on there. So it's a rightful expression of anger.MCADAMS: A hundred thousand dollars though to go here right to school and these kids can't even get to the library or class. Why are you out here tonight?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean, I'm out here to support Palestine and what's going on there. So that's why I'm here.MCADAMS: What about when people call for the death of Jews?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I haven't heard that anywhere here.MCADAMS: What if you did hear it, what would you say to those fellow protesters?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Obviously, obviously, that's something we criticize and nothing we support, sorry.MCADAMS: Thanks for talking to us.What do you think about the NYPD move in?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's insane. We have a right to protest. We have a right. Look at that, that's crazy.MCADAMS: Why are you out here tonight?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Because we have a right to stand up for Palestine and they're taking that away from us. Free speech, where's that going?MCADAMS: What do you think about the students though that have gone in and taken over that Hamilton Hall and broke the glass and caused some, you know, some issues there? What do you think about that?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: About causing issues there?MCADAMS: They broke the glass. There was a custodian who couldn't get out. I mean, do you think that's okay, kids can't even get to class?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think there's a lot worse things going on than kids not going to class, 40,000 people dead, kids, I think -- I don't think it - - it's justified. What we're doing is justified.MCADAMS: What are you going to do when they make the arrest? What are you going to do if you get arrested?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What am I going to do? I can't really do much.MCADAMS: You're going to go with the police if they make?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If they start arresting? Guess so.MCADAMS: That's probably what's going to happen possibly.I mean, look what's going on right here, right? So we're going to move you in a little bit closer, Sean, and show you what's going on. This is happening, imminent departure for the NYPD we're told to move right onto that campus.Are they going to move into Hamilton hall where those students completely took over ordering pizza in saying, hey, we're not going anywhere even though we're going to get expelled, that didn't cut it? Or they going to move into the Gaza solidarity encampment that's been set up for days. President Minouche Shafik saying, hey, if you guys don't get out of here, you're going to be expelled, suspended, I don't think they're really afraid of that, they think there was a lot of empty threats from president Minouche Shafik.So they're not crazy about her out here at Columbia. They're not crazy about president Joe Biden at this point.What do you think about President Biden how he's handling things?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Sorry?MCADAMS: Do you think he's handling things okay?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't want to be interviewed.MCADAMS: How do you think the president -- how do you think the president of the United States Joe Biden's handling what's going on right now?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's worthless piece of shit. He's been a Zionist from day one. He's been obsessed with financing (ph) the Zionist state his entire career.MCADAMS: Did you vote for Biden last time? Will you vote for him again?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Never again. I never vote for a Democrat in my life. They've shown themselves to be complicit in every war machine genocide that's ever existed. They may pretend to be an opposition party but they are not.MCADAMS: We're going to move in here, and you can kind of see some of the police moving in as well. The protesters are actually trying to kind of block the area, they're saying don't let any more police in, and these cops out here are just trying to do their job at this point.They were called in, according to police sources by Columbia's president saying, hey, we really can't handle this anymore. Why couldn't they handle it? Well, she gave a 2:00 p.m. deadline yesterday, that didn't work. So why would they move out, right? They said they didn't even get in trouble.So, now, they're going to supposedly be expelled and possibly arrested, which might be more of the threat. You can see the officers just kind of moving in here and they are in riot gear at this point. So that's kind of the latest out here on the ground, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Alexis, we'll be checking back in, in just a few moments. Thank you stay right there.Now also joining us, Sara Carter. She has been covering protests around the country at Columbia and everywhere else in between.Sarah, what's happening on your end and you're watching this all unfold tonight. One of the sad things that we are watching here is that whatever arrests might be made tonight, remember, arrests were made early on, and those arrests resulted in what? They were released within a few hours, no bail, and then ultimately the charges were completely expunged and dropped immediately.But meanwhile, Donald Trump is on trial for, let's see, by the same D.A. in Manhattan over an 8-year-old bookkeeping error, and meanwhile, you've got people violently taking over, you know, university halls and talking about intifada, and killing the Jews and death to Israel and death to America, nothing happens in that case. Wow, pretty amazing comparison.SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, it sure is, Sean. And I got to tell you, federal, state and local law enforcement officials across the country were very concerned about that and they -- this is what they said. You know, when there's no consequences, when people break the law and there's no consequences, it escalates.And that's what we're seeing right now in Columbia and we're watching it happen. That's the reason why three janitors felt that they were being and were being held hostage by these students. It's the reason why the president finally had to cave in and say we've got to release, you know, we've got to allow the NYPD to come in. We've got to release these janitors. We've got to stop this before it escalates further.I got to tell you, across the country, at other campuses and this is about more than half a dozen campuses are seeing encampments, they are also concerned. There's concern that violence is going to escalate. There's groups out there called the Palestine solidarity committee and other groups that are asking for tomorrow across the country for people to go out in numbers and protest.And the concern is, is that it won't just be students it will be outside agitators that are going to come in and they're going to exploit that situation and they're going to cause violence and they're going to cause it to spill over much like what we saw in Texas, what we're seeing right now inside New York City. And you know, I was there last week and I was talking to Jewish students, Jewish faculty members, community members that said they were concerned about their own life.I spoke to Jewish students across the country that have been told, you know, go to the gas chamber, go back to Germany, get back to Poland. I can't even believe what I'm actually hearing and these Jewish students are bravely standing up to these antisemitic Jew haters and they're putting their own lives on the line by doing so they say.But they say they will not remain silent. I think that is a big message that we are hearing across the country and it is the reason why if local law enforcement state and federal doesn't get a hold of this, it's why they're concerned that this could spill over. And you brought it up in your monologue, you were right on target when you were talking about there is an importation of hate. There is hate amongst these groups.It's not just about protest. It's about the hatred, antisemitic hatred and the threat against the Jewish people. At Columbia University, you're watching it right now, the NYPD has to be extraordinarily nervous as they come into this situation, they're not only dealing with students, remember, they're dealing with outside agitators and anomalies as well, people within the group that could be there for nefarious purposes and this is something that they are keeping a lookout for. I can tell you this, certainly the federal government, the FBI is keeping an eye out for that, anybody on the outside an agitator that's going to escalate this further -- Sean.HANNITY: All right. Sara, stand by. We'll get back to you throughout the evening tonight.Let's go back to Columbia. You're watching the scene the NYPD after last night's midnight raid and takeover of Hamilton Hall.Our own Alexis McAdams is down on the ground. She's watching up close all of this unfold as the NYPD has now moved in.Do we have any word at all, Alexis, about whether or not the school president, that they needed to ask for NYPD help? Obviously, somebody did? Have we got any confirmation who did? Was it the president that has been very slow to act of the university?MCADAMS: Hey, Sean, well, I checked in with some top NYPD sources who were out here on the ground who told me they did get a call from the administration, including Columbia's President Minouche Shafik. As she tried to handle the situation, right, she tried to do a crackdown saying get out here, by 2:00, well, it's been a lot past that yesterday, right?So I'm going to show you kind of what's going on right now. This is just the line of police out here right near Columbia. Everywhere you look, you see police and you see protesters mixed in okay and these are some students and also some outsiders here. We haven't seen any violence just yet but over in the other area, they were yelling things at the NYPD officers who were called in to do their job right.So that's kind of what they're used to dealing with out here. You wouldn't think so at an Ivy League school, but that's not the case. So we're going to walk you a little bit closer here. This area is kind of closed down. So it's not super busy, right, in the middle of the intersection. But hey, if you come a little closer, you can see they've got their tactical gear in this area set up with some drone cameras that they're going to end up using, and then they've got some officers over here as well.So this is just the scene here at Columbia University, and they've got those zip ties, we know they're going to end up making arrests. At this point, how many, we're not sure but what they were hit with last time, Sean, it was more than 100 students at Columbia alone just the other week. They were hit with disorderly conduct and trespassing charges.But from the time they boarded those buses, went downtown, they were out pretty quickly, and then they were back out supporting Palestine, according to them. They are very revved up tonight and more so revved up every time they see those cops move in, yelling at them that they shouldn't be here, that they should be ashamed and that they're on the wrong side of history.So when we ask them too how do you think President Joe Biden is handling what has become chaos and crisis here in the Upper West Side in New York and at campuses across the country, they say they're not happy with him either and say they wouldn't vote for him after they've seen how he's handled what's going on in Gaza -- Sean.HANNITY: All right. Alexis McAdams, stay there. We'll be going back to you throughout the night tonight as this is now unfolding right before your eyes. The NYPD has been called into the campus of Columbia University.Remember when they previously were called in, there were a number of students that were arrested. Those students were released, the charges immediately dropped thereafter, no consequences at all whatsoever for their actions.Here with more on tonight's breaking news, Texas Senator Ted Cruz is with us.Senator, I -- in my lifetime when I started in radio and TV, I never thought I would be seeing you know repulsive, virulent antisemitism in the halls of Congress, at college universities, all across the continent of Europe, in the continent of Australia. I never thought I'd hear gas the Jews, F the Jews, I never thought I'd hear over and over from the river to the sea. I never thought right here death to America and death to Israel and all of this has happened.All of these cops will put their ass on the line tonight and end up arresting kids that are willing to throw bottles and rocks at them at some point because that's happened in the past, wouldn't surprise me if it happens again, and all of them will be released and likely none of them will be charged and they'll all be let out probably within an hour or two. How pathetic is that?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Look, Sean, it is utterly disgraceful, it is heartbreaking to watch what is happening. This is America. This is not Poland pre-World War II. This is not Europe on Kristallnacht. This is America in 2024, and this is a result of the sickness that has taken over our universities.This is a result of cultural Marxism that has infiltrated and seized control of the faculty and the administration. These are violent protesters that are threatening the lives and the safety of Jewish students.Let me ask you something, Sean, where is Joe Biden tonight? Where is the attorney general tonight? Where is the FBI tonight? Where is the governor of New York tonight?I think back to Dwight D. Eisenhower when you saw racist Democrats in the 1950s blocking the integration of public schools and President Eisenhower stood up and sent in the National Guard. Why will Joe Biden not do so?And you said in your opening monologue exactly right, because the people threatening the lives and safety of Jewish students, Joe Biden wants their vote. Tragically, today's Democrat Party, it's not just the radicals. It is Joe Biden.By the way, where's Chuck Schumer and where's Hakeem Jeffries, the leading Democrat in the Senate, the leading Democrat in the House are both New Yorkers and yet they are utterly silent at the fact that Jewish students are being terrorized today in Manhattan. It is disgraceful and I'll tell you what the president of Columbia should do, I'll tell you what the mayor of New York City should do, they should say anyone engaged in violent protesting, anyone threatening the lives of a fellow student, they will be arrested, they will be prosecuted, they will be expelled and if they are not from the United States of America, they will be deported.And you don't have a single Democrat with the courage to say that.HANNITY: You know, Senator, if I can ask you to stand by, we want to come back to you in a minute. We'd appreciate it if you're able to stay with us for a little while tonight. I want to go first to the Speaker of the House Mike Johnson. He has been now to Columbia and he is calling on Joe Biden, the self-proclaimed healer of souls to put his money where his mouth is and go visit Columbia University, so is Joe going to come out of hiding and actually address the chaos that is going on here?Anyway, the Speaker of the House Mike Johnson is with us.Mr. Speaker, I give you a lot of credit. You took the time in the middle of a very hostile crowd, you went to Columbia, you spoke to the students, you didn't get the warmest reception but you still went there and you took a stand and now you see what is unfolding here, now you see they're taking over buildings. Now you see the NYPD coming in.But here's the reality of life in New York, my former state, is that these kids will be arrested and they will be released within an hour or two, and their records will immediately be expunged. And meanwhile across town, an 8-year-old case where the statute of limitations have passed about a bookkeeping error, you know, they they'll use -- well, look at this, this is the police now. It looks like they're going into Hamilton Hall which is the building that the students literally took over late last night around midnight, but this -- this is a very dangerous operation.They don't know what's on the other side and how radical some of these students might be. We know that there're also outside agitators in there, but you're seeing NYPD now looking to take back the hall that was taken over last night by these protesters.As you look at this, Mr. Speaker, based on your experience of having been there, what is your reaction to all of this tonight? Because to me, all of it was preventable.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA), SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: One hundred percent preventable, Sean, none of this should have happened. We met with President Shafik in her office at her conference table a week ago, almost -- it was last Wednesday and we told her to get control of this situation. If she could not do so, she needed to resign.The first responsibility of a university administrator obviously is to protect the safety and security of their students and she was unwilling or unable to do it. None of this needed to happen. We need college administrators, university officials to step up right now and stop the madness, and we also need to your point and to Ted's point, we need every elected official and certainly beginning with the president of the United States to speak right now with moral clarity, to call this out for exactly what it is.That's what we've done in the House. The speaker of the House, our colleagues were speaking with clarity to say this is wrong, this is not protected free speech at all. They are inciting violence. They are threatening violently -- their fellow classmates. Jewish students are not able to attend classes.And by the way, this is preparing for finals week. This is a serious time for these kids. They have been run off the campus where they are paying tuition and they have a right to be, and these kids who are out of control like this need to be dealt with like the common criminals that they are.HANNITY: You know, we're watching this now unfold. What we're witnessing here, Mr. Speaker is an extremely dangerous police operation. They're now trying to get into the building.I believe that has to be Hamilton Hall that was taken over by students last night, and you can see they're outside one of the windows to the building they have no idea what they're facing on the other side of this.And again, I go back to the reality is that none of these students will end up getting punished, maybe the worst case scenario based on what the President of Columbia has said, maybe a suspension. On a lot of these college campuses, Mr. Speaker, you know, God forbid you use the wrong pro - - well, the police now have entered the building as you can see.One officer is in, a second officer now is climbing through the window. Others are standing by, they're following in suit. What is going to go on inside that building is is you know anybody's -- it could be up to anybody's imagination, what danger they may face on the other side, nobody knows.What we do know is, is that any students that end up getting arrested there probably are not going to be punished in New York, an extraordinarily dangerous situation.And my last question, Mr. Speaker, where is the president of our country tonight? Where is he?JOHNSON: He's MIA as usual, Sean. He's afraid to speak to the issue. We announced today a whole of the House initiative. We're going to use all of our committees of jurisdiction. We are going to investigate these universities. They're getting a lot of federal funding. They have very generous tax benefits as nonprofits and they're allowing student visas from foreign students I think to be abused.I think we have a role to play. We're going to continue to do our job in the Congress, in the House, that the House Republicans are on this like white on rice, and that's what the American people demand and deserve. This is out of control. It never had to happen and we need officials with some backbone to stand up and say what is wrong is wrong.And until they do that, we're going to have more of this mayhem all around the country I'm afraid.HANNITY: Speaker, I'm afraid -- I do give you a lot of credit. You went there right into the heart of all of this, but anyway, thank you, Speaker Johnson. We appreciate your time.We're watching now the police, it -- I believe that's Hamilton Hall. I'm looking for confirmation for my team that's on the ground. They seem to be indicating that in fact it is. This is the building that was taken over by students last night.Joining us now, former NYPD inspector, FOX News contributor Paul Mauro.Paul, your background as an officer, tell us what we're now watching. We're watching the police, they've been called in. The university has requested them because it's a private university.Okay, this looks like the building that was taken over by these radical students. One by one, they're climbing through what looks like a window or a door, I can't tell based on that picture, but they're now entering the building. They have no idea what they're facing on the other side. What do you expect -- what are they train to expect on the other side?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, this is the NYPD version of SWAT. It's called ESU, Emergency Services Unit, and they are prepared for just about anything. They are the cops that the cops call when things are very, very hairy.And so, they're ready. This will have been planned out. Of course, they don't know exactly what's going on in that building. But one of the ways that you can kind of tell in police operations is the vehicles.So when that enormous vehicle that looked like a dinosaur came rolling into the scene, it became apparent pretty quickly that this is going to be a heavy deployment of likely dozens of ESU officers. These are the guys who boom the doors on heavy narcotics jobs on hostage negotiation jobs, things like that. They're tactically trained. They're tactically armed. They have the shields. They got all the gear here.And all I would say, look, let's be frank, I doubt many of the people in that building are FOX News watchers but all I would say is, if you're one of the people in that building, do yourself and everyone a favor and give up. You do not want to tangle with these guys.HANNITY: You don't.All right. Let's talk about -- we know that there are a lot of students in there. We know of reports directly from people, janitors, et cetera, that said that they were held hostage till early this morning.We know that there other agitators. We know that there are extremists among this group. I would argue that the police have to be ready for any possible scenario in this. They're going in one by one. We now have confirmed that is Hamilton Hall. That's the hall that was taken over by these radicals last night.So my question is as they go in there one by one, do they start and they go room by room? They have no knowledge or idea whether or not these students are armed. We -- they have no idea whether or not they will resist. They have no idea whether or not there'll be a confrontation on the other side of it, a very dangerous operation for people that you and I both know are going to probably be released in about two hours because of New York's idiotic no bail law.MAURO: Everything you say is exactly right. This is a confluence of all of the bad policy decisions that have been made in New York and across the country over the last years. You have the no bail situation coming in.You have this class of students who believe their educated but many of them don't even know what they're doing there. They're useful idiots for the professional agitators for whom this is a career path. This is what they do. They sue the police department, they get grants from foundations. This is their livelihood.Most of these students couldn't find Gaza on a map of Gaza, but they're there screaming wild-eyed and ready to fight with the police over something they have no cognizance of. You saw the interview that Lawrence Jones did with that one student, all she could keep repeating was that's not the narrative, that's not the narrative. You can see how uninformed they are.And let's remind ourselves of something else, Sean, and this is the scary part among other things. These are supposed to be the creme the creme of our students. These are theoretically our future congressmen, senators, leaders, faculty members. These are the people that are going to teach the next generation.So what are we going to be in for as this generation graduates and takes the big jobs? This is what we're in for going forward. We're going to see at the DNC this summer. And I think one of the reasons, by the way, that the school probably pulled the trigger and this is a bit of a tell as well, tomorrow is May Day. That's the communist Fourth of July, and this goes to your point about professional agitators.A lot of these -- a lot of crossover here with very progressive groups, communist groups, socialist groups and many of them can get quite violent. And I think the school probably said, you know, there's a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow. I happen to know that and so they probably said let's get this thing out of the way before tomorrow kicks off cu tomorrow could be quite ugly as well.HANNITY: All right. Paul Mauro, stay with us. We'll get back to you throughout the night as well.If you're just joining us, police now have finally made it into not only on the campus of Columbia University, they have gotten into Hamilton Hall. We're watching that live as officers one by one now enter the hall in an attempt to take back the hall that was taken over by radical students last night.We bring back Texas Senator Ted Cruz. He's been watching the events unfold right before our eyes.You know, Senator, I know that you went to an Ivy League school. You went to Harvard. Alan Dershowitz doesn't agree with you politically, said you were one of his best students. So this is supposed to be, you know, one of the finest institutions in America, parents would kill to have their kids go there.Here's my question, where is their moral clarity, Senator? We all watch the horror of what happened. They're climbing in, the police one by one, climbing in a window.Where's the moral clarity? What part of 12,000 Israelis that were murdered on October 7th are they not understanding? What part of burning people and beheading people and raping women and taking innocent men, women and children hostage, what part of this are they not understanding?If you -- if you extrapolate out the population of Israel, you compare it to the U.S., it would be the equivalent of 40,000 Americans that are killed in a single day in America and 8,000 taken hostage and taken off U.S. soil. That's the level of terror that Israel experienced on October 7th.How did all of these students become so radicalized? Why won't our president stand with Israel, I'm not saying to send troops, I'm not even saying to give them a dime, but just stand against their right to self- determination and survival against those people that are trying to wipe them off the map because that is their stated policy, it's in their charter.CRUZ: Look, our universities particular, our elite universities are utterly corrupted. They're profoundly anti-Israel. They hate Israel. But understand, they don't just hate Israel, they hate Jews. They embrace antisemitism because the cultural Marxist defines a Jew as an oppressor and defines a Palestinian as a victim and for the cultural Marxists once you do that you support the violent revolution of the so-called victims against the so-called oppressors. It's not just Israel and Jews they hate, they hate America.You mentioned my alma mater Harvard. It was really sad to see in the last couple of days when they pulled down the American flag and they erected instead the Palestinian flag to see Harvard students cheering on.We saw the same thing happen at Yale with Yale students cheering when the American flag hit the ground. We saw at where I went to college, Princeton, we saw students there waving the flag of Hezbollah.These are the same people that cheered on the Nazis in World War II, and it is a profound radical leftist agenda. But one of the points a minute ago, you were just talking to Paul from the NYPD he made the point about outside agitators.Understand, many of the people you're seeing in New York right now are not even Columbia students. I can tell you in Austin, at the University of Texas, there were 77 people arrested yesterday. Texas stood in and stood up strong to this.Of those 77, 46 of them were not UT students. More than half of them and as you know, I do a podcast every week called "Verdict with Ted Cruz," Monday, Wednesday and Friday, my latest podcast follows the money. It asks, who's paying for this? Who's paying for the matching tents of all these occupiers?And the answer is, number one, George Soros, and number two, the Rockefeller Bothers Fund. They are paying roughly $8,000 for student organizers and activists, that's for about eight hours a week to cause this kind of dissent. This is money in massive quantities that are being spent by the radical left to undermine and tear down America.And what we need, Sean, we need leaders and university administrators to say if you do this, you are expelled. If you're a student, game over, it's done. We need Democrats, why is Joe Biden terrified of these radicals? You know, just a few days ago, Joe Biden stood next to AOC while AOC saluted the protesters at Columbia and NYU, and he stood there with a goofy grin.It's not just the Squad. It is the so-called mainstream of the Democrat Party and it's because they're terrified of the radicals in their own base that are antisemites and sadly are leftists who hate America.HANNITY: You know, it really is an amazing and all these cops are risking their lives tonight and they have no idea as they climb into Hamilton Hall one by one tonight, they have no idea what is on the other side there.CRUZ: Those cops are American heroes.HANNITY: Yeah. Senator Cruz, we really appreciate you staying with us late tonight. Thank you in this breaking news night.All right. At this hour we are monitoring as you can see a very, very dangerous and serious situation it is unfolding at Columbia University, where NYPD officers in full riot gear are now facing off against far-left agitators that have barricaded themselves in Hamilton Hall since midnight last night, after unfurling a banner that reads intifada.Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz joins us now with more, as well as former Trump senior advisor Stephen Miller is with us.You know, professor, you and I have talked at length about the repulsive and virulent antisemitism that has emerged in the halls of Congress, on university campuses, all over the continent of Europe even as far away as Australia where we heard chants of gas the Jews, F the Jews. You listen to these students when they are interviewed, half of them don't even seem to understand a single thing about what's going on in the Middle East nor do they understand what happened on October 7th. Let's get your thoughts first on what's unfolding before your eyes tonight.ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: We can do something about this. Let's assume you're right that they dismiss all the charges, we can sue them. We can sue them under the Civil Rights Act. This is a conspiracy, an interstate conspiracy involving Students for Justice in Palestine funded by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, funded by other organizations, and we can sue them.And I want to volunteer right here and now to sue pro bono on behalf of Jewish students who have been harassed and who have been threatened. We have a motto: harass, threaten a Jew, we sue you.And I think we can't count on the police. We can't count on New York City to do the right thing. So let's bring them to court.Let's sue the organization. Let's sue the students who are in the building. Let's sue anybody who are asked to pushed a Jew or anyone else. Let's take it into our own hands. It's not enough to count on the police. The police can do the job of clearing out the building, but the D.A. is then going to drop the charges.You can't drop a charge if we bring a civil lawsuit. So I urge other lawyers in New York, Jews, gentile, any lawyer, join me pro bono in bringing a lawsuit against everybody involved in hurting Jews.HANNITY: Professor, I'm going to get back to you.Let us go back to Alexis, she's standing by tonight with the very latest on the ground.What's happening, Alexis?MCADAMS: Well, I just want to show you here before we get kicked off, we're going to flip around. These are the protesters who just got on those buses here. They just took them out of Hamilton Hall and this is kind of the latest here on the ground right outside of Columbia. So I don't know exactly how many students were in those buses that have pulled in so far -- they're kind of moving us back here so just hang with us, Sean.But there were -- a lot of them that came out in zip ties, okay, and they put them on those buses. They're going to bring them downtown. They're going to get hit according to sources with probably disorderly conduct charges and trespassing.But they didn't get out of that Hamilton Hall for hours, okay? So -- we're going to move you down here.But that's what happened. The NYPD went into Hamilton Hall. They gave them several chances to get out.In terms of barricades or what it looked like inside of Hamilton Hall, we don't know just yet, but they brought them out and then when we looked into the bus. They were screaming and yelling, you know, "free Palestine," so they continue it even though they're already in handcuffs on those buses.So we're going to get pushed over here a little bit too, give you a look at kind of the media setup here, but this is what the NYPD has going on right now.So in terms of what charges they'll face, we'll have to continue to wait to see because we do know that they had damaged a lot of that property inside of Hamilton Hall.HANNITY: Yeah, Alexis, I'm not sure you can hear me. If you can hear me, I hope you can, if anything, we just watched the police go in one by one in the window on the side of Hamilton Hall, and you're saying already that the students are being taken out and put -- being put into those buses which would tell me that at least there's not any kind of violent confrontation at least initially that we're learning inside of that building or else I doubt they would have gotten out of there so quickly. Is that a fair assumption?MCADAMS: Yeah. I mean, they did their best to move in pretty quickly. They got that call only a short time ago from the president Minouche Shafik here who's also getting calls to resign and step down because people think she didn't handle this chaos well. So they moved in with those zip ties, they brought in you know a special team of people with the NYPD to kind of handle this situation.And then in terms of going in, right, like you said to go into those windows it's because they wouldn't come out and they you know had they were up on the roof as we saw today where they were ordering their dinner orders, that were getting delivered and pulled up with ropes so they didn't know exactly how many protesters were inside, we don't even know at this time right if they have all those protesters cuffed and on those buses. There were several buses and they weren't full just yet. They had police on some of those that were still going to move into campus.And it's not just for Hamilton Hall, right, Sean. It's also for that Gaza solidarity encampment. They want that out of here at Columbia for several reasons, including they're supposed to get ready for commencements, graduation rites any day. So they've had enough of it here.But the police had to come in. They had to wait for that call and wait for that call from the university. Jewish students and their families to pay all this money to send them here, didn't feel safe. They kept asking, when are they going to call in the NYPD. Well tonight was the night.Yeah. Well, Alexis, again as you have been asking these students, they really can't give you a good reason why it is that, in fact, they're there.We go back to Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz, along with former Trump senior advisor Stephen Miller.Professor, I apologize for interrupting you. I don't want to be premature in making this proclamation or statement, but the fact that we within minutes watching the police go in one by one into Hamilton Hall through the window and so quickly they're able to escort these students out and bring them onto the bus tells me, hopefully, I pray that there not there's not a lot of physical resistance inside of that building. That would be good for both sides.DERSHOWITZ: I agree with that, but they' have already caused harm. They've already been tortfeasors. They've already engaged in a conspiracy to deny students, particularly Jewish students their right to attend classes and we can sue them for money, for money.We can take away their scholarship. We can take away their money. We have to remember, this is not Germany 1933. Hurt a Jew, we sue you, and you will have to account for that.We'll bring you in front of the court. We'll do depositions. We'll find out where the funding comes from. We will do things that the city may not want to do or the district attorney may not want to do. We have to be the ones to take advantage of the law and make sure we can bring these lawsuits, consistent with the First Amendment, consistent with due process. But what they have done is a conspiracy to deny people's civil rights, and that's subject to civil lawsuit and we will bring them.HANNITY: Professor, stay there. We'll come back to you throughout the night tonight.Also, let us go to Stephen Miller.Stephen, get your take. You can now see images of it what looks like the police escorting the students that had taken over Hamilton Hall onto the buses that they brought onto the campus of Columbia University.Your reaction to all of this, Stephen Miller?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, first, what you're seeing unfold on your screens tonight is a testament to the skill and courage and ability of NYPD's tactical response units. It really is extraordinary to see the efficiency so far with which this operation is played out.Let's be very clear in saying that this is all because of Joe Biden. He and his party fanned the flames of antisemitism and Jew hatred that brought us to this point and the Department of Justice under Joe Biden's control has refused to pursue the civil rights charges that Alan just mentioned.Alan is completely right. It is a federal civil rights violation to deprive students of their ability to have free access to these campuses. The Department of Justice could have stopped this thing from ever spiraling out of control if they had simply pursued those charges in the prior weeks and days.All of this, Sean, all of it is because Joe Biden has made a cynical ploy to try to pursue a handful of Islamist voters in Michigan he's letting all of our campuses descend into tyranny and anarchy. It is one of the sickest things I've ever seen a president do, Sean.HANNITY: All right. I appreciate you stay right there, Stephen. We'll get back to you later.We go back to Paul Mauro, and a former NYPD and Nicole Parker with us.Paul, I want you to comment on my observation, the fact that when you were on with us maybe 15 minutes ago, we were watching the police going into Hamilton hall one by one through a window and the fact that students are coming out so quickly tells me that in fact they're not experiencing a lot of resistance in that building, at least that we know of, that would be a best case scenario. We can't say definitively, but that has to be an assumption, no?MAURO: Yes, it is, and you know, it is a hopeful sign. One of the things I would mention however is, I really hope that they're going to charge here and this is going to come town to the Manhattan district attorney's office, Alvin Bragg, that they charge to the fullest extent, because the charges that have been announced so far for the students that were in the building are criminal mischief and burglary, burglary being a felony.There's a felony version of criminal mischief. That means you did damage to property. They should be charging that, but also if the reporting is accurate and they held three custodians against their will, you have at the least unlawful imprisonment, maybe even kidnapping, depending on how it was done.Throw the book at these kids, because it's going to be the only thing they understand and I'm going to make a prediction that the people in the building are not students.HANNITY: Paul, if I may, you're right. Throw the book at them. But the book in New York is, they're going to be released within an hour a couple of hours, and if it -- if what happened the last time repeats itself, any charges will be expunged immediately. That's what's going to happen, nothing.MAURO: And you know what, Sean? That's why what we are where we are now. They -- if they had done what they did in Zuccotti Park during Occupy Wall Street, when they finally cleared, it is they got everybody out of there and then the police watched Zuccotti, set up their own court to make sure that they didn't reoccupy and they were told, if you come back in, you're going to be immediately rearrested with as heavy charges as we can put on you, and that thing petered out.That's what needed to happen. Now the PD knows how to do this. They have the institutional knowledge. They would have done the same thing here when the kids came back, they said, you're not coming back on this lawn, and if you do you're getting hit with heavy your charges which by the way would have been justified. They didn't do it and that's why we have this.HANNITY: All right. Stay right there, Paul Mauro. We'll get back to you. We'll get back to Nicole as well.Former President Donald Trump, the 45th president of the U.S., who was in New York City today, is watching this unfold before his very eyes. Mr. President, thank you for joining us. First of all, how heartbreaking is it? This is a city that I know you once loved. And a lot of buildings are named after you in this city. And watching this happen at an Ivy League institution, as a former New Yorker myself, is heartbreaking. Watching these police put their lives at risk is extraordinarily dangerous for them. Hopefully, this can end peacefully, but these students were allowed to enter this hall last night because no action was taken previously. What is your reaction to the news unfolding? DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, it's just such a sad thing to see, Sean. When you look at this, it's not even -- even believable. If you go back a year or go back three or four or five years ago, this would not even be possible to think about. Nobody would be thinking this could happen. You look at the antisemitism, the hatred of Israel by so many people. You go back 10 years, I mean, Israel was protected by Congress. And now Congress is just doing numbers that are unbelievable with, I think, a very, very small group of people within Congress. And it's got to stop. But we have to go back to the roots. We have to protect. We have to stop the antisemitism that's just pervading our country right now. And Biden has to do something. Biden is supposed to be the voice of our country. And it's certainly not much of a voice. It's a voice that nobody's heard. And, look, I don't think he's -- I don't think he's able to do it. I don't think he's got what it takes to do it, but he's got to. He's got to strengthen up and he's got to be heard. HANNITY: Well, look I never thought, Mr. President, in my lifetime that I'd hear antisemitism in the halls of Congress. I mean, I never thought we'd be witnessing and hearing chants of "Death to America, Death to Israel" on college campus after college campus after college campus. I never thought we'd see this in our lifetime. I thought never again meant never again, but never again seems to be unfolding before our eyes, "From the river to the sea," "Death to America," "Death to Israel," calls for intifada. This is a frightening time for our country. And in a state like New York that has changed dramatically from the state that we grew up in, now these students that will be arrested, they will be released within hours, probably the charges dropped, and there will be no consequences, which will only embolden them. Your thoughts. TRUMP: Well, I really think you have a lot of paid agitators, professional agitators in here, too, and I see it all over. And when you see signs and they're all identical, that means they're being paid by a source. These aren't hand-painted signs where people would go to their basement and paint something because they really believed it. These are all signs that are identical. They're made by the same printer. And when you see that, that means there's somebody atop that's paying or a group that's paying, and they're doing great disservice to the world, but they're doing great to disservice to our country. But when you look at New York, in a state like this, but look at other cities. It's not a lot different. It's, frankly, worse in some places than it is right now in New York. And I think the New York's finest, New York City's finest, have been incredible. The way they have been -- it's not over yet, but the way they walked in and the way they climbed through that window, they were not afraid of anything. And it looks like they have got it maybe clamped down. But it should never have gotten to this, and they should have done it a lot sooner than before they took over the building, because it would have been a lot easier if they were in tents, rather than a building, and tremendous damage done too. HANNITY: Look... TRUMP: When you look at that building, that's a landmark, and it's really been damaged badly by these people. HANNITY: You know, when you go back to October 7, Mr. President, the world witnessed the worst terrorist attack in Israel's history. Probably, there had been no president more supportive of Israel, I would argue, than you. But let's talk about October 7. You had Israelis murdered. You had people burnt alive. You had beheadings. You had kidnappings. You have rape. I have witnessed a 48-minute tape that I wish the entire country can see. And what I'm trying to understand here is, America right now doesn't seem to have moral clarity. And that is, this should be a 99-1 percent issue, where people understand that the state of Israel had the worst terror attack in their history. The -- it would have been the equivalent of losing 40,000 Americans in a day, having 8,000 Americans taken hostage. They are fighting for their very survival. And, meanwhile, they're being pressured over and over again for cease-fires and to stand down, and even our own State Department going against the efforts of the IDF to protect the people of Israel. I'm having a hard time understanding. Why don't members of Congress, why aren't these students, why aren't political figures understanding that there is good and evil here, and radical Islamic terrorism is the evil part of this? TRUMP: Well, I'm watching Jewish politicians abandon Israel. And I have seen it and you have seen it. Where is Schumer? Why isn't Schumer speaking up? He was always out there in front. Because he's looking at votes, I guess. And I guess he's looking at maybe more votes than represent Israel, but that has nothing to do with it. You have to stop this war on terrorists. Israel's war on terrorists -- October 7 was beyond violent. It was things done to people that nobody had ever seen before, to babies. And a lot of people, people that are out there protesting, they deny October 7 ever happened. October 7 did happen. And it was horrible and violent and disgraceful. And it's got to be stopped. You can't have a thing like that. And when you have people out there protesting and they're denying that October 7 ever took place, they're either brainwashed. In a certain way, I really believe they are brainwashed, because you look at some of the comments. They say none of this stuff happened. And we want Israel back. The fact is, you have to get Israel back where it belongs, because what's happening in Israel right now is really not sustainable either. We have to let Israel complete their war on terror. It's a horrible thing, but they have to do it, and they have to do it fast, and we have to get back to order. And people have to respect law and order in this country. They don't respect it anymore. The United States worldwide is not respected anymore. And we have to gain back that respect from other countries quickly. HANNITY: You know, you said something, and it's something I think most conservatives agree with, and I would hope, I wish that most Americans would agree, that if a country is attacked and their citizens are murdered and taken hostage and raped, that they do have a right to defend themselves. And what I'm hearing you say tonight is, Israel should have the right to win the war, but you're saying win it and win it quickly. It's sort of reminiscent of how you dealt with ISIS, in my mind. TRUMP: Well, we knocked out ISIS in record time. We had it out in three to four weeks. People said it was going to take four years. You have to get the job done. It's a horrible job to do, but they have to respond. When they do -- when there's an attack, a sneak attack like on October 7 that's so violent and such hatred, you have to clean it out. You have to clean out the cancer, and you have to let them do their job. And, frankly, it has to be done fast, because this is not sustainable for anybody. The job has to be done. It has to be done fast. The United States has to get courage, and the United States has to speak up. Nobody knows where the U.S. stands right now. I think Biden is not on the side of Israel. And he's making a tremendous mistake. You have to clean up the terror that we witnessed on October 7. HANNITY: Yes. And I guess the one thing is, is, I feel bad for Israel, because, at a time where you think that America, they're -- they're our number one ally. They were with us after 9/11/01. We lost 2,977 Americans that day. They lost the equivalent of 40,000 Americans in a single day. And you would think that you put politics aside and you support their victory in the war on terror, President -- and that would mean Prime Minister Netanyahu's victory in the war on terror. And you're saying you support that and hope that they do it quickly? TRUMP: Well, I'm the one that designated, in a sense, by moving the embassy back to Jerusalem. Jerusalem becomes the capital. That was -- a lot of presidents said they were going to do that. They didn't do it, and did a lot more than that. I mean, we did things that nobody thought were doable, including ending the horrible Iran nuclear deal, which was so dangerous. HANNITY: Yes. TRUMP: And, unfortunately, the Biden administration didn't do anything with it. That deal could have been made in one week, literally, if they knew what they were doing. HANNITY: Yes. TRUMP: And you have a big problem. You have that everlasting problem of Iran looking over Israel, soon to have -- and, remember this, soon to have nuclear weapons. You can't let Iran have nuclear weapons. But the bottom line is, they have to be able to finish the job. You have to let them finish the job. You have to support them. But they have to do it quickly. and you can't let scenes like this -- the head of Colombia should be ashamed of herself. The job that she's done, she should no longer be there. She should be absolutely ashamed... HANNITY: Yes. TRUMP: ... because she let this take place, Sean. HANNITY: Mr. President, thank you for being with us.