JOE MACHI, COMEDIAN: "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" is next. I'm Joe Machi. On behalf of Greg Gutfeld, I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, it is now Passover. Commemorating the Jews liberation from slavery in Egypt. But while Jewish families celebrate the FBI now on high alert for potential threats to the Jewish community. And here's why. As we look live at some pro-Hamas, anti-Semitic protesters in New York City. These types of protests have been underway, as you know, for several days. And just a short time ago, police in riot gear stormed a protest at NYU with protesters yelling free, free Palestine and comparing the NYPD to the KKK.Six months after the deadliest attack on Jewish people since the Holocaust, the Jewish community remains under attack and far-left politicians refuse to call it out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): It is especially important that we remember the power of young people shaping this country today of all days. As we one -- once again witnessed the leadership of those peaceful student- led protests on campus is like Columbia, Yale, Berkeley and many others.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Representative Casio Cortez in New York, you know, I learned a long time ago. Listen to that lady.I condemn anti-Semitic protests. I also condemn those who don't understand what's going on with the Palestinians.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm allowed to walk this is a public space. I'm trying to walk around. You can walk through us. Don't get in my way.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Go back to Poland. Go back to Poland.GALLAGHER: And we could keep playing that video on and on. Ashley Strohmier is live with more on what appears to be a growing movement. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. Mass arrests now taking place at multiple college campuses where pro-Palestinian protesters continue to cause disruptions and Jewish students say they do not feel safe. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is the New York City Police Department. You have been warned by New York University to be in these areas. Please leave the plaza now or you will be arrested for trespass.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: NYPD, KKK, IOF you're all the same.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: So, this is what was happening just moments ago. Officials at New York University asked the NYPD to help disperse a large group of demonstrators who were calling on the school to divest from Israel and publicly support a ceasefire in Gaza. Police reportedly arrested nearly 50 people at Yale University after they refused to clear out an encampment there. A Jewish student claims she was stabbed in the eye with a Palestinian flag as protesters formed a human blockade around her and her orthodox Jewish friend.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (INAUDIBLE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't get in my way.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Tents have popped up on other college campuses including U.C. Berkeley and the University of Michigan and they have returned to the Columbia University lawn despite last week's arrest. The turmoil there remains front and center of the debate with Columbia University President Minouche Shafik calling for a reset and announcing that all classes would be virtual on Monday.Shafik wrote in an early morning statement, "I know that there is much debate about whether or not we should use the police on campus better adherence to our rules and effective enforcement mechanisms would abbreviate the need for relying on anyone else to keep our community safe."And Trace, the Harvard Crimson is reporting tonight that the college ordered the Harvard Undergraduate Palestine Solidarity Committee to cease all organizational activities for the remainder of the spring 2024 term or risk expulsion. They also restricted access to Harvard Yard in anticipation of the protest, Trace.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense department prides itself on the ABCs of logic, but is utterly confused by the AOCs of logic. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez says the protests at Columbia University are peaceful. It's an odd statement considering Columbia is so concerned about safety, it is mandating remote learning. A rabbi at Columbia told students to go home because, "the school cannot guarantee your safety."Propped in Common Sense to wonder why students need the safety guarantee during peaceful protests. And a Jewish professor at Columbia who tried to lead a pro-Jewish rally is now banned from campus. Again, Columbia is citing safety, which brings common sense back to the AOCs of logic. We are now being told the anti-Semitic protesters who are threatening safety are allowed to stay and keep protesting, but those whose safety is being threatened need to leave.Common Sense read the Constitution, but doesn't remember the part about removing the freedoms of those being targeted and protecting the freedoms of those doing the targeting luckily. President Biden cleared this up saying he condemns anti-Semitic protests and condemns those who don't know what's going on with Palestine. In other words, stop bashing the Jews, but start sympathizing with Palestine. Got it? Why not? It's as easy as AOC.And with that, let's bring in a sophomore student at Cal Berkeley, Bears for Israel Vice President Sharon Knafelman and the host of Stakelbeck Tonight, Middle East analyst Erick Stakelbeck. Thank you both for coming on. I want to play a little sound or go to you first, Sharon, because I want to hear what's happening up at Berkeley and what you're experiencing. But here's some sound of some college students around the country. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Engaging in genocide, violating the rights of the Palestinians.PROTESTERS: Free, free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Free, free, free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Palestine will be free.PROTESTERS: Palestine will be free.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What's happening, Sharon at Berkeley, and are you concerned for the safety of your fellow students?SHARON KNAFELMAN, VICE PRESIDENT, BEARS FOR ISRAEL: Well, I think today America has a choice to make. You will either allow the fostering of an environment on our campuses that's akin to Nazi Germany in the late 1930s or it will reflect that it's learned from history and will never allow it to repeat itself again. I think what's most upsetting is the apathy we're being seen. We're seeing from our administrations across America's most prestigious universities.Now more than ever, as Jewish students are being targeted were being physically assaulted. I witnessed my friend getting spat at, called a dirty Jew. I saw a girl get violently strangled at one of our events, this past February that we held on campus to the point where they shattered the windows of that hall. I think the United States has a decision to make about whether or not it's going to be on the right side of history. And first and foremost, that starts at our most elite prestigious institutions here.GALLAGHER: Yes. And I think you're exactly right. Erick Stacklebeck to you because you talk about some of the politicians propagating this. I want to play some more sound because it's instructive of Alexandria Acasio-Cortez praising the Columbia protesters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OCASIO-CORTEZ: It is especially important that we remember the power of young people shaping this country today of all days as we one -- once again witnessed the leadership of those peaceful student-led protests on campus, it's like Columbia, Yale, Berkeley and many others.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Do you think, Erick that she's trying to stir things up or just doesn't really get it?ERICK STAKELBECK, MIDDLE EAST ANALYST: I think she's trying to stir things up and whether she knows or not, Trace, she is an accessory to evil. I don't say that lightly. What we're seeing unfold on these college campuses is pure evil. There's really no gray areas here. And listening to Sharon, my blood is boiling. It's 2024. We are seeing scenes reminiscent of 1933, Germany. That is not an exaggeration.In terms of being peaceful, what? Peaceful like the protests, the largely peaceful protests of July, 2020, August, 2020? I don't think so. Does anyone doubt that if these pro-Hamas, that's what they are, pro-Hamas, terrorist sympathizers, were able to get their hands on a Jewish student, they would do bodily harm. And by the way, Trace, it starts with the Jewish people, it never ends with the Jewish people.Look, they were also burning American flags at some of these protests in New York City. And as a Christian, I won't remain silent on this. I'm going to make my voice heard and millions of Christians around the world will now unlike sadly in the 1930s.GALLAGHER: I think that's right. Here's a Columbia student and I wonder if you agree with her, watch her, Sharon and I'll get your take.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELISHA BAKER, COLUMBIA STUDENT: We've been calling this out for six months now. We know that these are anti-Semites using anti-Semitic rhetoric.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Since the October 7th attack.BAKER: Since the October 7th attack. Since the first set of protests on October 12th. And now we see what happens when you don't shut down anti- Semitic rhetoric and you allow these people to feel entitled.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, Elisha is right. He -- they feel entitled. What do you think, Sharon?KNAFELMAN: Well, I think we need to ask, who is sponsoring these organizations? who's allowing student organizations such as SJP to feel so comfortable to be able to hold our campuses hostage to their violent anti- Semitic, anti-American rhetoric. And to go so far as to spread this ideology across the United States. And I think as Erick mentioned, this is a symptom of something greater.GALLAGHER: Yes. It really is.KNAFELMAN: I think what's happening is that our American values, our morals as a country are being attacked and infiltrated with yet pro-Hamas, pro- terrorist sympathizers. And if university such as U.C. Berkeley and Columbia don't act now, we are going to be in great trouble.GALLAGHER: Yes. I got to go, Erick, but I just need ten seconds for you to wrap us up here.STAKELBECK: We need to shine a light in this darkness, Trace. It's not peaceful protesters when they were cheering the Iranian attack on Israel last week and let's call it for what it is. We don't have to accept this. Not in 2024.GALLAGHER: Yes. Erick Stakelbeck, Sharon Knafelman, thank you both for coming on. We appreciate your time. Meantime, that we are now in Passover, a major Jewish holiday that continues for seven days in Israel, eight days here in the United States. And the FBI is on high alert monitoring potential threats to Jewish communities here in America. Matt Finn is live with that part of the story. Matt, good evening good.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. I spoke with the FBI bureau here in Los Angeles tonight and they're asking anyone as always to contact the FBI with any threats made against the Jewish community. And here is audio of FBI Director Christopher Wray speaking to a group of a nationwide security officials going into detail about the threat against the Jewish population right now we.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: We at the bureau remain particularly concerned that lone actors could target large gatherings, high profile events or symbolic or religious locations for violence. Particularly concerned course as we look to the start of Passover on Monday evening.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: And the FBI Director says threats against the Jewish community were already above normal before the October seventh attacks. Now the number of FBI hate crimes has tripled since that heinous day. And one report says and anti-defamation league (INAUDIBLE) shows there were 5200 reported anti- Semitic incidents between October 7th and December 31st alone.Tonight the FBI here in Los Angeles tells me the FBI's teamed up with local police across the country in an anti-terror task force. And the FBI giving us this statement tonight. "Crimes fueled by anti-Semitic hate. Cannot be tolerated and the FBI is committed to preventing these crimes including acts of terror or violations of civil liberties. Members of faith-based community should not have to be worried about being targeted with the threat of violence where they live where they work or where they pray."And Trace, you and I were able to watch the raw video of the October 7th attacks. Unspeakable crimes to think there are more calls for violence is just unfathomable.GALLAGHER: And I think if more people saw that video, Matt, it would change some perspectives dramatically. Matt Finn, thank you. Let's bring in former FBI special agent, Fox News Contributor Nicole Parker. Nicole, it's great to have you on the show. The FBI Director Christopher Wray said this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WRAY: We at the bureau remain particularly concerned that lone actors could target large gatherings, high-profile events or symbolic or religious locations for violence. Particularly a concern of course as we look to the start of Passover on Monday evening.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: If you are a Jewish-American, you have got to see what's going on college campuses, you've got to be concerned, Nicole. What do you think about this?NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: myself as a former FBI special agent I am looking at what is occurring and it is absolutely abhorrent. We're in the year of 2024 and this should not be happening in the United States of America. Christopher Wray is correct. We need to be on high alert. With the start of Passover going through the 38th. Everyone needs to be aware, be vigilant but the fact that the hate crimes against Jews has just gone up exponentially.This is not OK and what I find very alarming, Trace, is that these are college campuses and universities that I don't even want to know how much money they have spent but they have spent tremendous amounts of money on their DEI programs, their diversity equity and inclusion. Where's that now? I see very little tolerance and love and respect for one another on these campuses.And for anyone to say that that is a peaceful protest, the last time I looked up the definition of peaceful, it did not match what I am seeing on my television screen. And thank goodness for NYPD and law enforcement to step in and to say enough is enough. But you know what, unfortunately these students are being released. They have, you know, their misdemeanor charges, they're being released and they have no respect for law enforcement and I find that absolutely disgusting.GALLAGHER: I was amazed at just the number -- I want to put this up on the screen. This is from the anti-defamation league and I thought it was kind of fascinating the fact that these have skyrocket here. There's a bunch of words on the screen but you just have to pay attention to the 8873 anti- Semitic cases of assault harassment and vandalism. It is just growing and growing and they started tracking this back in 1979, Nicole, and it's the worst it's ever been.PARKER: And I find that extremely alarming. And again, I was a witness to the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York City and to see students on college campuses that are siding with foreign terrorist organization groups is alarming. I never thought I would see this in my lifetime not in the United States and these people that complain about America and they're burning American flags, that is absolutely inappropriate and unacceptable.There are people losing their lives to protect and defend this country. And for people that do not like it you do not need to live here. Quite frankly I'm just going to be blunt. You don't need to be here. We are -- we are doing the best we can to protect our country. The other thing I find alarming are the number of masks that I've seen. People that are wearing masks at these protests, I'm not saying everybody is but I have seen a very large number of them and as a former FBI agent during COVID when masks became normalized that is a way for people to cover their faces to not be identified by law enforcement.If you have no shame in what they're doing and they had no shame why are you trying to disguise your appearance? You know what, they know that what they're doing is not right, it is not appropriate and we cannot let this take over our country. We need to unite and stand together.GALLAGHER: Very good point. Nicole Parker, great to see you as always. Thank you. Meantime, opening statements today in the criminal trial of former President Trump who's accused of falsifying business records to cover up a payment to Stormy Daniels in the run up to the 2016 presidential election.Nate Foy live with the latest. He's in New York City tonight. Nate good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Trace. During opening statements prosecutors claim that former President Donald Trump engaged in a criminal conspiracy and cover up leading up to the 2016 presidential election. Trump maintains that he's an innocent man and he said tonight the Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg should never have brought this case and he's again criticizing Bragg on Truth Social posting, "Wow. D.A. Alvin Bragg is an election denier. The exact same thing they said about me but I was right. DJT." Here's Trump earlier calling this trial election interference.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: It's a case as to bookkeeping, which is a very minor thing in terms of the law. This is a Biden witch hunt to keep me off the campaign trail. So far it's not working because my poll number is higher than they've been because the public understands that it's a witch hunt.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trace, during opening statements prosecutor Matthew Colangelo argued that Trump conspired with his former lawyer Michael Cohen and the state's first witness David Pecker to suppress damaging stories about Trump's personal life. Pecker will continue his testimony tomorrow morning. Prosecutors say he participated in a so-called catch-and-kill scheme by paying for the rights to stories about Trump but never publishing them.Cohen paid adult film actress Stormy Daniels $130,000 to suppress her story about an affair that Trump denies. The D.A.'s office claims Trump fraudulently misrepresented, reimbursement payments to Cohen as legal expenses but Trump attorney Todd Blanche said those payments were in fact legitimate legal expenses. He also said Cohen is "obsessed with Trump" and reminded the jury about Cohen's history of lying under oath.Blanche also noted that Trump paid Cohen $420,000. That's over three times more than the 130,000 Cohen paid Daniels. Blanche claims that that discrepancy is proof that the payments were not a reimbursement. Now before Pecker's testimony continues tomorrow morning Trace, Judge Juan Merchan will rule on if former President Donald Trump violated the court's gag order with several social media posts.And if so, what the punishment will be court will end early again tomorrow because of the Passover holiday. We'll send it back to you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Nate Foy, live for us in New York. Nate, thank you. Let's bring in former chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Fox News contributor Jason Chaffetz. Jason, great to have you on. I mean, I'm looking at this stuff. We talked to our legal analyst. They still haven't pointed out a big crime, a felony crime that this is tagged to. It just seems like there's no remedy for what is -- it's just -- it's a mockery. Your thoughts.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It is a clown show. They can't even articulate what the charges are. Supposedly, it's a federal campaign finance violation but this is not a federal court. And so, it is absurd that they're doing this. I think -- I think Trump's legal team makes some really good points that when you pay somebody 400 plus thousand dollars as your attorney and they're trying to claim that that was simply a reimbursement but that doesn't coincide with the other number, it is.And why is this coming up now, Trace? This is years and years after. Oh, it's just a coincidence that it's you know five months before an election.GALLAGHER: Yes. And the crazy thing you say you're exactly right. There's no federal election charges. It's not a federal court and then there are no charges in federal court. So, they're tying to this who are crying that there was no charges on it. It just sounds crazy. Jonathan Turley said this about weaponizing the legal system.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Earlier was pretty damaging to see the split screen between Trump and different courtrooms. This is even more effective when the other side of the screen shows Biden campaigning in key states like Pennsylvania while he's held in this courtroom. It really brings home, something that bothers a lot of Americans, including people who don't particularly like Trump, that this is the weaponization of the criminal legal system.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Infuriates a lot of Americans, Jason.CHAFFETZ: Yes. It's law fair. They're taking this candidate. And for the judge to try to put a gag order on a presidential candidate, I mean, that is absurd. He has every right under the First Amendment to be able to defend himself, to talk about things, and for him to try to put a gag order on the former president of the United States, I think we'll see at the end of the day that this was so fundamentally totally wrong.But the Democrats don't care. I mean, Hillary Clinton did some things that were pretty bad in terms of campaign finance. Nobody set a peep. And then this comes along. Are you kidding me? Nobody can really articulate what is fundamentally wrong here, except that they're tying this guy up in court rather than letting him campaign.GALLAGHER: Nobody has showed me exactly where the crime is. Maybe they will as the trial goes on. Jason Chaffetz, always great to see you. Thank you.Meantime, coming up, we are monitoring anti-Israel protest tonight in New York City. Tensions escalating as they march onto police plaza at the NYPD headquarters. And later, what a brand-new poll reveals about young voters in the 2024 election. Gen Z, Millennials, you'll see where they're gravitating toward.And in The Nightcap, we're asking the question that's sure to stir up family vacations. You prefer the beach or the pool when staying at a resort? Let us know, X and Instagram, will be -- read the best responses coming up in The Nightcap.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, breaking now. Anti-Israel protests that began on the campuses of Columbia and NYU today then moving through the streets of New York City until demonstrators as you look live here at New York City reached NYPD headquarters at one police plaza tonight. They have been going and moving for hours. We expect to see them back on campuses tomorrow. We expect these to grow and as they grow the concerns over violence also grow.We are now officially in Passover. That is a concern for the FBI and many other local police departments around the country. We will keep you posted on the anti-Semitic pro-Palestine protests around the country.Hours from now voters in Pennsylvania will begin heading to the polls for their presidential primary. This as a new poll shows that enthusiasm for November's election has hit a 20-year low. The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live with brand new details on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. And what some are calling a prelude to the general election in November on Tuesday the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is expected to once again offer just a bit of a glimpse of what is motivating voters this election cycle. And perhaps a better idea of what each party in respective standard bearer has in mind when it comes to convincing voters that they have precisely the right recipe for a brighter future for our country in 2024 and beyond.However, there are major concerns tonight that Democrats in general and the president in particular are facing. We're talking about blustery political headwinds in particular in Pennsylvania with respect to inflation, frustration among younger voters and anti-Israel protests all weighing on party support. Indeed, a brand-new NBC News survey finds that inflation and immigration are the most important issues for voters, but there are certainly others.And former President Trump continues to lead President Biden when it comes to voters in pressure of who has the necessary mental and physical health to be president as you see a big march in there for Mr. Trump. Meanwhile, the number of voters who have a high interest in the race hit a 20-year low again according to that latest NBC News survey. And while Democrats play defense, Republicans are trying to win over Latina voters in particular, which is the fastest growing demographic in their state.And they're also making inroads in urban communities in particular among some black voters. And for what it's worth, Mr. Trump trades leads Mr. Biden by two points with RFK Jr. out of the race, but he actually trails him by two with RFK Jr. in the race, something to keep an eye on. And of course, we'll have live coverage tomorrow night, but for now, back to you.GALLAGHER: We will, indeed. Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in Axiom Strategies, Erin Perrine, and the Director of the Independent Women's Law Center, May Mailman. Thank you both for coming on. May, to you first, congratulations about the new child. We missed you on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. It is worth one more look, May, at Alexandria Ocasio- Cortez and Joe Biden put together, and I'll let you comment, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (R-NY): We once again witness the leadership of those peaceful student-led protests on campus, just like Columbia, Yale, Berkeley, and many others.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I learned a long time ago, listen to that lady.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Biden either wasn't listening or doesn't care. May, what's your take on this mess?MAY MAILMAN, DIRECTOR OF THE INDEPENDENT WOMEN'S LAW CENTER: This is politically extremely stupid. So, Joe Biden won the election in part because he said he was the normal one. He was going to restore us to normalcy, the adults are back in charge.And now, all he's trying to do is be an insane leftist and say, I need to listen more to the far-left flank of the Democratic Party who doesn't realize that calling for the deaths of Jewish people in an organized fashion on college campuses is a bad thing. So, AOC sat there and applauded what's going on, on college campuses right now. This is, this is not going to be a winning strategy for Joe Biden.GALLAGHER: And then Joe Biden applauded her, you're exactly right. NBC poll compared now to September of 2020. Here's the categories, handling a crisis, Trump up four. Strong record as president, Trump plus seven. Competent and effective, Trump plus nine. Necessary mental, physical health, Trump plus 19. Dealing with inflation and cost of living, Trump plus 22. Erin, those are big jumps.ERIN PERRINE, AXIOM STRATEGIES: Those are big jumps and they're reflective not only of the failures of Joe Biden and the continued poor policy decisions that Democrats are making, whether it's fueling inflation, whether it's the border crisis, whether it is continuing to see this hateful anti-Semitic actions across universities in the United States.People are looking back at the Trump term and saying, my paycheck went further, gas was more affordable, it was easier to save, I felt that there was a better chance of tomorrow than today. That look back that people have now of the Trump years, that's going to be a problem with Joe Biden. You couple that with the base issues that Joe Biden remains persistent, where in the primaries you have seen that Democrat voters are saying, we don't want Joe Biden, they're looking at RFK.These are compounding issues for Joe Biden when it goes into November. Trump getting these big leads now. April is a forever in politics to November, but it shows strength and momentum that Trump could be building.GALLAGHER: Yes, the Marist Poll of Gen Z and Millennial voters, if we can put this on the screen, Biden at 48, Trump 52 was taken last week. Interesting to me, May, that you see these Gen Z, Millennial voters kind of gravitating toward the former president. What do you make of that?MAILMAN: So, a lot of this has to do with economic problems right now. Young people feel as though Joe Biden promised them free college and didn't fully deliver on that promise, they can't afford rent, they're still living with their parents, that the economic problems that are leading the rest of America to favor Trump over Biden happen to young people too.That said, I want to be a little bit cautious here because a recent Harvard poll showed that Trump's support among young people is the lowest that they've seen in the history of their polling. So, maybe young people don't actually know what they want, shockingly, but they're certainly up for grabs, and, and that's a different than in 2020.GALLAGHER: Gavin Newsom, meantime, warns that there is too much attention being focused on the former president. Look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): We're focusing on him, I do worry, electorally, that he has a slight advantage. And so, I'm a little concerned about the overindulgence.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, when you put him in court every day, you know, the cameras are on him, he's going to get some attention, Erin.PERRINE: That's absolutely correct. And MSNBC loves breathless coverage of the Trump trial and all things Trump. So, for Gavin Newsom to go on that network in particular to say that people are fawning or covering too much of Donald Trump is very funny, in fact.But Donald Trump has made media outlets a lot of money over the years, especially with the way that he's been able to drive news. That's not going to change -- it's a former president of the United States. So, while Gavin Newsom thinks that people can ignore Donald Trump, that's just never been the reality. So, he can put that out as a wish and a prayer, but it's never going to happen and it's really funny to hear it from him on MSNBC.GALLAGHER: Erin Perrine, May Mailman -- May, when your daughter is not sleeping, you just come right back on and we'll put you on television. Thank you both for coming on we appreciate it.Coming up, anti-Israel protesters marching through the streets of New York City right now. We are monitoring this looking live at New York City 11:35 in the Big Apple. And it's not just college campuses dealing with anti- Israel protest, they're even being encouraged at the high school level. Ready for this? In fact, Washington State public school students are planning to walk out to support Palestine tomorrow during Passover.Plus, one man takes his chances wrangling an eight-foot gator in Florida. And one viral pup decides to give us his own take on Taylor Swift's new music video. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next, but first live look at Buffalo, New York where buffalo wings, believe it or not, were invented. We are coming right back. A walkout in Washington. High school kids, pro- Palestine.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Continuing coverage now, the protesters down in New York City. This is one police plaza. We just saw during the break a police officer walk some person across the street. It appears they were releasing that person because whoever that was, he walked over, the crowd was clapping and chanting, and the person walked over and started smoking a cigarette.So, we assume that person has been released. The protest continued tonight in New York City. We are watching it live. The camera keeps moving around which is great. That's live television. But there are still a number of people out there and police are clearly taking some people into custody for at least a short amount of time.Passover goes for the next seven, eight days and we will see these things ramp up throughout Passover and we will keep it covered and we will keep you informed on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.Meantime in Washington state, there's a call for students in high school and college to walk out tomorrow to support Palestine. Let's bring in the man who knows the Pacific Northwest better than anyone, KTTH Seattle Talk Radio host Jason Rantz along with Oklahoma State Superintendent Ryan Walters. Thank you both for coming on.King-5 Seattle says the following here, Jason, "A student walkout is planned for Tuesday at colleges and schools across our area in protest of the Israeli war in Gaza. It's something that has members of our area's Jewish community concerned." I mean, I hate to state the obvious, but you think?JASON RANTZ, KTTH RADIO HOST: Yes, no kidding. And I've talked to so many parents, Jewish parents, who've got kids in various school districts, and it's not just in Seattle. This is across the state. And what they've been telling me is that their Jewish students, their kids, are being taunted. You're seeing vandalism with swastikas. This is 2024, and yet here is where we are, from the D.E. and I crowd, from the crowd that talks about inclusivity, the crowd that talks about how we have to be accepting of absolutely everything and everyone except of course Jews.And these students who are espousing all of this hate, they're taught this. They're taught it by radical educators inside of the classroom, and they're taught by progressive parents who seem to make no distinction between Hamas and innocent Palestinians. It is so outrageous, and the fact that this is getting more traction is concerning.GALLAGHER: Yes, and the same students who talk about needing a safe space are willing to go out and say from the river to the sea. Superintendent to you, Oklahoma students are walking out tomorrow they come to tell you, and it's the first day of Passover, and they're all going to walk out in pro- Palestine protest. What would you say?RYAN WALTERS, OKLAHOMA STATE SUPERINTENDENT: Well, I would say that's not going to happen here in Oklahoma. We will not allow it. It is very clear that the teachers' unions are taking their orders from Joe Biden. I mean, we have never had a more pro-terrorist, anti-Semitic, anti-American president than Joe Biden. And it's very clear. The teachers' unions are there to indoctrinate kids, to turn them against our country, turn them against Jews.And that's what you're seeing here. And the reality is, is the unions have been the very loyal foot soldiers for Joe Biden to focus on indoctrinating our kids. And now, you see a rampant at college campuses. Joe Biden has allowed the Jews in Israel to not be safe. And now we have our Jewish friends here in the United States not being safe on college campuses or K- 12 schools. We have to take a stand here to protect Jews in our country.GALLAGHER: You talk about taking a stand. Jason Rantz, today on X, you compared Columbia University to Seattle's autonomous zone that we saw during the racial justice stuff a couple of years ago. You wrote, "There's a new autonomous zone, this time at Columbia U. It's fueled by hatred of Jews. The longer the university allows it to stand, the more difficult it will be to dismantle, the more hate it will foment."RANTZ: They are following almost the exact same script, where you have one massive protest that leads to a bunch of arrests and then they want to make the point that you're not going to be able to keep down, and I'm willing to bet that those politicians in charge are cowards, and so they do it again, and they see what they can get away with until they get to a point where it starts to spread, it gets bigger, and there was a sign today about the People's University.Well, if you'll recall, a very famous photo of the Autonomous Zone here said Seattle, instead of police department, people's department. It's the same organizers at the end of the day. These are anti-capitalists who are now using this to, you know, push forward their ideological claims as far as capitalism is concerned. They're using Judaism and they're using Palestinians for that purpose. But at the end of the day, we know precisely what it is they're about, which is why they're following that exact same script.GALLAGHER: And to you, Superintendent, lastly, because we talk about the college campuses, I mean, they're going crazy. The Daily Wire writes this about UCLA. In the latest edition of UCLA's Queer Student Magazine featuring so-called freaks, students at the prestigious university cry for the acceptance of furies and other fringe sexual preferences and identities into the larger LGBTQ community. The colleges are embracing this radical liberal ideology, which gets us into this whole trouble with all the protesters across the country.WALTERS: Well, that's exactly right. We have to crack down on this radical ideology on college campuses. We have got to get back to the business of learning and academics. And what we're fostering now is anti-American hate that is meant to tear this country apart. We've got to go back to understanding about American greatness, what makes this country great.Our college campuses have been fomenting terrorism and anti-Semitism. It is time for that to stop and get back to the business of teaching about American history and teaching kids ready to be able to get a job. That's what we really need is kids to be prepared for the workforce.GALLAGHER: Yes. Superintendent Ryan Walters, Jason Rantz, thank you both.First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", watch this Florida man capture an eight-foot alligator that was disturbing the peace in downtown Jacksonville. The man who caught the gator is an MMA fighter. His name is Mike Dregich, and you can see he didn't have any tools or weapons on him, but he was able to wrangle the gator with just his bare hands. Dregich said this is one of his wildest catches yet.Taylor Swift just released a music video for the lead single of her new album, "The Tortured Poets Department". And that video inspired one viral dog to create his own version of the music video with another puppy pal.And if you have a viral video to share like that, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.Coming up, would you rather take a dip in the pool or a swim in the ocean? Was it Bill Murray that said the pool or the pond? The beach or the pool? On your vacation, the "NIGHTCAP" is next and I can't wait to hear what you guys are thinking about this. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Erin Perrine, Jason Rantz, Jason Chaffetz. Tonight's topic, fun in the sun. We are asking the question that's sure to heat up family vacations this summer. Do you prefer the beach or the pool when staying at a resort? Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: You know, I'm glad you brought this up because I have beef with people who go to the beach and want to sit at the pool because you have this beautiful beach. Go to the beach!GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean, that's a fair question. Matt Finn, beach, pool?FINN: Actually, I think the perfect combination is if you have a beach house, right, that's a ton of water, that also has a pool, and you can go back and forth.GALLAGHER: That's an expensive beach house, Matt Finn.FINN: Right.GALLAGHER: Jason Rantz, but you're at a resort, right? So, Jason Rantz, pool, pool in the pond, as Bill Murray would say.RANTZ: I'm going to be the awkward one either way, because I'll be dressed basically like this. It's not going to look very pretty. And so, I'll go for either. I suppose I would go for the pool just because I don't want to get sand everywhere, but I feel like better people watching on the beach.GALLAGHER: Nice. Kevin Corke.CORKE: Beach all the way. Pool, you can keep it. I mean, unless you have really small kids and they need like the shallow wind -- yes, beach for me.GALLAGHER: Yes. Erin Perrine.PERRINE: Yes, this one actually doesn't matter that much to me. I am a fair-skinned Irish-American girl, so anywhere that has an umbrella that I can sit under so I don't sunburn immediately, if that's the beach or the pool, I'll be there.GALLAGHER: Yes, Jason Chaffetz.CHAFFETZ: If it has a slide, I'm totally like a little 8-year-old kid. I am all about doing the slide. I like scoot over kids. I'm going down that slide. I love it. So, yes, I like the beach, but the slide, I prefer that better.GALLAGHER: I'm surprised that nobody asked, so which is closer to the bar, the beach or the pool? Because, you know, it's important, some of these things. Do you prefer the beach or the pool? Beach, 65 percent. Instagram, 66 percent. Almost a dead heat.Deanna Bell, "Like to be at the beach, but prefer to swim in the pool.Vince Alibrando, "Pool. No mess, close to the bar." There you go, Vince.RazzleDazzle, "The beach, of course, especially if tropical. Pools are a dime a dozen unless they have a swim-up bar, then it's the pool."Debbie Hoover, "The pool. I view the beach ocean as the shark's house."And Kim McWhirt, "Something about waves, sounds, and sand. Good for the soul."And Regina says, "Enjoy lounging in the beach and looking at the pool."Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher, we'll see you back here tomorrow.