(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTER: Free, free Palestine!PROTESTERS: Free, free Palestine!PROTESTER: Free, free, free Palestine!PROTESTERS: Free, free, free Palestine!(End VT) CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: FOX on top of anti-Israel protest on a tear. Growing calls for a crackdown on this crisis spreading through college campuses across the country, from this scene at New York University last night showing chaos breaking out until police stepped in, to the scene today, with scores of tents, plywood barricades and police protection as student staged a walkout.It's why Senate Minority Whip John Thune is telling the Biden administration to take action. We will speak with him in just a moment.Welcome, everyone. I'm Charles Payne, in for Neil Cavuto, and this is "Your World."We go first to Steve Harrigan, who is on the ground at New York University with the very latest -- Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Charles, the crowd here not going anywhere.They're in about their fourth hour of protest. The main chant that we're hearing now is "Free, free Palestine," the numbers approaching 1500 people at one point and really basically shutting down on-campus learning in many places.Columbia has said they're going to have a hybrid education for the time being, basically telling students to stay home. What that means is, you're paying $66,000 for tuition basically for Zoom calls. Here at NYU overnight, there were more than 100 people over arrested. I say people and not students because it's not clear how many of those arrested were actually students some of their ages in the high 20s, low 30s, obviously not college undergraduates.As far as critics go, some of these slogans are really distasteful, unsettling and really create a fear for safety, especially the one "We are all Hamas," Hamas, of course, a terrorist organization that killed 1,200 people in Israel on October 7.And the critics of this movement say it really shows an ignorance of history.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL BENNETT, FORMER U.S. EDUCATION SECRETARY: They need to maintain the order and to assert their authority and say this is a university. We do not do this here. You people are ignorant. Go to the library if you're students that are old here and read about what happened in the Holocaust.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN: So, it started at Columbia University, spread to elite universities in the Northeast. It's moved out to California now at Berkeley and even some high schools as well.And it's hard for administrators to really figure out what to do. Even when they brought in the police, as at Columbia, cleared the tents, those tents have reemerged just days later -- Charles, back to you.PAYNE: Steve Harrigan at New York University.Steve, thank you.Now, a group of top Republican senators are calling on the Biden administration to protect Jewish students, this across America's campuses, sending a letter to Attorney General Merrick Garland and Education Secretary Miguel Cardona today.Senate Minority Whip and South Dakota Republican John Thune is one of them. The senator joins us now.Welcome, sir.SEN. JOHN THUNE (R-SD): Hey, Charles.PAYNE: What exactly are you asking from the administration?THUNE: Well, for them to take action.This is -- you can't make this stuff up, Charles. What's happening on these college campuses obviously has been fomenting for a long time. This is decades in the making, but these are violations of federal law. You can't have this kind of rioting and violent acts against or harassment or discrimination against Jewish groups on these campuses.You can't have school officials who aren't protecting these students. Those are all violations of federal law. And the universities don't seem able or capable of addressing this. And so we're asking the Biden administration, the Department of Education, to take action and the Justice Department to take action.And one thing they could do, the Department of Education could do very quickly is take away funds from schools that aren't following the law.PAYNE: Senator, I read also where your colleague Senator Cotton mentioned the Insurrection Act. Is that something that's applicable here?THUNE: Well, I think that any of these federal statutes -- and I believe it is. And, by the way, I give Tim -- Tom Cotton a lot of credit for initiating this, because clearly something had to be done.These universities, as I said, are incapable of addressing what is a crisis on their campuses and something that continues to just escalate and get further and further out of control. The universities need to be allowing the NYPD in there, the National Guard, just getting control of these campuses.And if you have got people there who are violating laws, they ought to be charged that way. And if you have got students who are here, foreigners who are here on visas, those visas ought to be taken away and they ought to be deported. I mean, there just isn't any room for this kind of behavior.Look, the stuff that we're looking at in this country today looks like 1930s Germany, and there absolutely is no excuse for it. It needs to be addressed. The administration needs to take those steps to address it.PAYNE: And I want to pick up on that point, because it feels, obviously, the longer this goes on without any sort of major figure in power saying, stop now or, let's say, don't, for lack of a better word, the more it's going to embolden others to join.We have heard just Steve Harrigan talking about high schools joining and more colleges joining. But it feels like President Biden's has twisted himself up into a political knot here on who to side with. And now it feels like both sides, all sides of the argument, or this crisis, rather, feel left out.THUNE: Right.And he should be siding with law enforcement. He should be siding with enforcing the law. This shouldn't be a difficult call for him. I realize the politics in the Democrat Party right now is such that there's a lot of political pressure on him to tolerate this sort of thing, but it will -- if you see things like this happen, it will beget more of the same.You pointed out what's happening in other campuses around the country, you will see more of this. The way to stop this is to stop it in its tracks, and that means to take control of the situation and stamp out this kind of behavior. You can't have discrimination, you can't have harassment, you can't have violence on these college campuses directed at Jews.That is a violation of federal law, and what Tom Cotton and now 25 other Republicans have made clear in this letter both to the Justice Department and the Department of Education is take steps to address and fix this, or we're going to get a lot more of it.PAYNE: Senator, before I let you go, can you update us on the foreign aid vote and also what's going to become of the border?THUNE: Right.Well, the border needs to be fixed. And this administration has turned a deaf ear and a blind eye to that. That's going to probably take a change in administrations, honestly, but once that happens, that will get back in -- we will get back operational control of the southern border.But addressing the national security interest that America has around the world is what's at stake in the supplemental appropriation bill the Senate is now considering. It will pass later this evening. It will be with a big bipartisan vote.And I think it's important the message that we send to countries around the world like China, Russia, Iran, all of whom are cooperating together now, that the United States is active and is going to defend its national security interests both here at home and other places around the world, where we have allies, where our national interests are at stake.PAYNE: Senator John Thune, thank you very much. Always appreciate it.THUNE: Thanks, Charles. Good to be with you.PAYNE: So, why is this crucial -- why is it so crucial that America continues to back Israel in the face of these growing protests here in our own country?FOX News senior strategic analyst retired Four-Star General Jack Keane joins us now.General Keane, again, it's -- to Senator Thune's point, the longer the administration sits this out, the more it seems to embolden this powder keg and the more it seems to embolden the thought and ideas out there that say that Israel is in the wrong on this. What are your thoughts?GEN. JACK KEANE (RET.), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Yes.Well, I certainly agree with everything the senator just said. I mean, this is rapidly, in my view, becoming a stain on our national honor here, and we have got to get control of this situation, certainly restore order on these campuses, expel students who are violating law and remove foreign students, certainly, who are also violating law and deport them.I mean, we don't tolerate that kind of behavior in the United States. And I think one of the things -- and you made a very valid point here -- that's really quite disturbing is that the administration's policies of walking away from supporting the war aims of the Netanyahu administration, that is to go into Rafah and to complete the destruction of Hamas' military effectiveness and their political control, and by using that pressure get to the negotiating table over hostage release, they have walked away from those war aims and are no longer supporting them.And, as such, that kind of rhetoric is actually encouraging these demonstrations, because Hamas and Iran, who are behind a lot of this in terms of encouraging it, they're actually saying they want more of it, because in the minds of the leaders behind this movement, they're succeeding.They're putting pressure on the administration to curb Israel's military behavior. And that is what they want. And it is actually happening right before our eyes. I mean, it is absolutely -- I have never seen anything quite like it for an ally as close as Israel is to us to have this kind of shameful behavior.And as a result of it, we have got demonstrations showing up and growing in the United States in support of the very enemy that is espousing to destroy the state of Israel and kill as many Jews as they can.PAYNE: You know, General Keane, I sat in this seat in early October, right after the barbaric invasion and brutal massacre, and it was pretty clear what the only role, the only game plan that Hamas had was to become a sympathetic group to the world.They used churches -- not churches, but religious facilities, they used hospital, they used whatever they can, and they have put so many civilians in harm's way. And yet the pendulum has worked. This has worked. How surprised are you that this is working, at least with the media, many media outlets on university campuses, even though it was well-telegraphed that this was the goal in the first place?And we know who's really responsible for those deaths.KEANE: Well, it's working.But, unfortunately, this administration has helped facilitate its working, because they joined that very public side that opposes Israel's military objectives. I mean, for our viewers to understand once again, there's not a single bomb shelter, there's not a single tunnel complex among the 300 miles of tunnel complexes, much of which are reinforced by concrete, none of it is available to the people of Gaza.They want those casualties. We have to have moral clarity about who is actually responsible for these casualties. You're going to watch right before our eyes Israel move a million people away from Rafah to a safer place, food, water and medical care, so they can conduct a military operation against a chosen enemy that's hiding inside those tunnel complexes.PAYNE: Yes.KEANE: That's unprecedented in warfare. And they get no credit for it. Actually, people are opposing them for this, to include the administration.It's appalling to see this. And I don't think the Biden administration is connecting their opinions and their rhetoric and the growing demonstrations that have taken place, and they're encouraging and facilitating it.PAYNE: Yes, it's a real shame.General Jack Keane, thank you very much.Now, folks, to the Trump trial, as the judge hears heated arguments over whether the former president violated that gag order. So, what happens now?To FOX's Nate Foy, who's in the thick of it -- Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Charles, you will hear from former President Donald Trump, who's not happy with that gag order, but prosecutors also revealed the second crime that he's accused of committing, the one missing from Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg's indictment.We will tell you what it is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: An unconstitutional gag order by a highly conflicted judge that should recuse himself, very simple.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: Former President Donald Trump accusing the judge at his New York trial of taking his rights away, as a gag order takes center stage.We're waiting news now from the judge.To Nate Foy outside the courthouse on what we can expect -- Nate.FOY: Hey, Charles.The state's first witness, former American Media CEO and president David Pecker, testified about his efforts, along with former President Trump's old lawyer Michael Cohen, to suppress damaging stories about Trump leading up to the 2016 presidential election and publishing negative stories about Trump's opponents.But after court today, Trump said this entire trial is helping his current political opponent, President Joe Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Keeping me in a courtroom that's freezing, by the way, in a courtroom all day long, while he's out campaigning, that's probably an advantage, because he can't campaign. Nobody knows what he's doing. He can't put two sentences together. But he's out campaigning.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Charles, Pecker testified that he made a secret agreement in 2015 to alert Trump's former lawyer Cohen of negative stories about Trump, while Cohen would then work to kill those stories.Pecker answered questions about suppressed stories from former Playboy model Karen McDougal and a false story from a Trump Tower doorman. While leaving court, Trump criticized the court's gag order, which the DA's office claims he's violated at least 10 times.Judge Juan Merchan reserved his decision whether or not Trump did in fact violate the gag order. The DA's office is asking for a $1,000 fine per violation.Prosecutor Joshua Steinglass also revealed the second crime Trump is accused of, the one missing from Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg's indictment. It reads in part -- quote -- "Any two or more persons who conspire to promote or prevent the election of any person to a public office by unlawful means and which conspiracy is acted upon by one or more of the parties thereto shall be guilty of a misdemeanor."So the argument from the DA's office is that Trump falsified internal business records to aid a conspiracy to win the 2016 presidential election. Court will continue Thursday morning -- Charles.PAYNE: Nate, thank you very much.So what do my next guests make of today's development?Well, let's ask former federal prosecutor Katie Cherkasky, along with former Deputy Assistant Attorney General Tom Dupree.Tom, let me start with you.Katie, let me start with you.(LAUGHTER)PAYNE: Katie, can you hear me? Tom?KATIE CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: I can hear you.PAYNE: OK.So what do you make of these developments, Katie?CHERKASKY: Well, what I would say is most shocking and bizarre is that the DA's office did reveal that this second crime, the felony escalator that Trump essentially falsified business records in order to conceal another offense, is just simply another expired misdemeanor offense.So that was quite shocking and interesting development just on the legal side of things. In terms of Pecker's testimony, we still have not heard the key words that the prosecutor's office needs to hear, which is that Donald Trump specifically said that he wanted this story suppressed for the purposes of his campaign.That's the crux of the issue here. They haven't gotten that out of this particular witness yet. So, certainly, I think the case is just as weak as we had all kind of imagined it to be.PAYNE: Yes, Tom, that second misdemeanor that Katie just talked about, it sounded so convoluted and so confusing, maybe on purpose.It feels like, at this point, they're trying to baffle everyone with a little bit of you know what because it just feels like the merits on the surface just aren't up to snuff.TOM DUPREE, FORMER JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL: Yes.And, Charles, look, if you're a prosecutor, you don't want to be in the business of baffling a jury. A prosecutor's tool of trade is common sense. They need to boil this case down and make it something that the jury can understand.And if their game plan is to bombard the jury with legal complexities about the intricacies of New York election law, that's going to be a really difficult case for them to prove.The other thing, Charles, that caught my eye in today's proceedings with the gag order hearing this morning, there was a real fiery exchange between the judge and the Trump defense lawyer about whether former President Trump had violated the gag order.The judge hasn't ruled yet, but I think this is an issue, honestly, that is going to be percolating throughout the trial. Trump and gag orders just don't mix. The president wants to speak his mind. The judge doesn't want him to speak his mind.PAYNE: Right.DUPREE: So I don't know how this issue is going to get resolved, but it ain't going away.PAYNE: And, Katie, what makes it even more complicated is a lot of this is focused on social truth -- TRUTH Social, rather. So it's a social media Web site. Whether you post something or repost something, does it violate a gag order? Apparently, DA Bragg wants $1,000 fine for every violation, in fact, asking for eight posts to be removed.What do you make of it? Because this is, to Tom's point -- President Trump is saying he has a right to speak and a right to defend himself.CHERKASKY: Well, certainly he does have a right to speak. He has a right to campaign.The purpose of a gag order should be to protect a case generally from having information released publicly. But when the gag order doesn't apply to any of the other witnesses who are going out and speaking openly, Michael Cohen, namely, about all of these issues and their positions and impressions of President Trump's credibility, I think he does have a right to respond to that.So this gag order is unconstitutional. Unfortunately, for President Trump, right now, Judge Merchan is the arbiter of what the violations entail.PAYNE: Right.CHERKASKY: So the appellate issues are stacking up, needless to say.PAYNE: Although, Tom, the request for $1,000 fine for each violation, it maybe seems a little trivial in all of this. What about the unconstitutional part that President Trump keeps bringing up?Where do you come down on that?DUPREE: Yes, look -- yes, look, I think that the judge, frankly, is going a bit too far in terms of restricting speech.In addition to gagging former President Trump, he's also prevented reporters from reporting on things that they are seeing and hearing in the courtroom, which seems to me to be a classic First Amendment violation. Look, I get that the judge needs to protect the integrity of the trial. And he's right. He has a duty and an obligation to do it.But he has to do that consistent with the First Amendment.PAYNE: Right.CHERKASKY: And I think where this judge has been drawing the line so far has actually been to restrict the exercise of protected First Amendment rights.PAYNE: Yes.For some, it feels like maybe the finger's on the scale a little bit too heavy. We will see.Donald -- thank you both very much. Appreciate it.Meanwhile, folks, Donald Trump using some of his hallway mic time to blast these anti-Israel protests and the college chaos that we have seen this week.Karl Rove on why that's significant coming up.But, first, new signs inflation is still sticking it to the U.S. consumer, as one major snack company reports is earning. So what does it mean for your wallet? We're on it.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Tesla missing its quarterly earnings and sales estimates, this coming, of course, as the E.V. maker saying they're laying off 6,000 workers in Texas and California.But get this, folks. The stock is up 6 percent in after-hours trading.We're back in 60.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: All right, here's more proof inflation is still a problem.Pepsico, you know the name behind Cheetos and Doritos, reporting in the last quarter they had to hike prices overall 5 percent, this as the company also says that inflation is improving from recent highs, at least the rate of it, but lower-income U.S. consumers are still stretched.So what does my next guess make of all of this? Joining me now, Strategic Wealth Partners CEO Mark Tepper.Mark, of course, we won't even talk about the air in the bags, right?(LAUGHTER)MARK TEPPER, STRATEGIC WEALTH PARTNERS: Yes, the shrinkflation.PAYNE: The air -- yes, shrinkflation and airflation, right? Some bags are the same size, but they just have more air in the product.TEPPER: Without a doubt, yes.PAYNE: Especially Doritos.But the audience knows this, right? I mean, we have these conversations. The audience knows because they're the ones who are dealing with this all the time.TEPPER: Yes.And, I mean, when you look at what's happening with the Doritos, the Cheetos, the Pepsi Colas of the world, consumers, obviously, they're buying less volume, albeit at slightly higher prices, so that's why the revenues are up a little bit, but consumers are trading down right now.And we have talked about this before, Charles, whereby the Target shopper becomes a Walmart shopper.PAYNE: Right.TEPPER: But, specifically, inside the stores, there's a trade-down effect happening too. And rather than getting that bag of Doritos, consumers are now making decisions to maybe get the private label Kroger brand nacho chips, right?PAYNE: Right.TEPPER: So they're trading down there as well.PAYNE: And I think the really problematic issue here is, commodity prices have gone through the roof.TEPPER: Oh, yes.PAYNE: This is not something regular folks look at all the time, but cocoa prices are through the roof, coffee prices are through the roof. I mean, regular food prices are through the roof, and the makers of this stuff have to pass some of that on.And so when you hear Biden, for instance, blaming food companies for the fact that, listen, there's some problem -- there's some structural problems that are making this happen.TEPPER: Cocoa is up 160 percent year to date. That's crazy, right?PAYNE: Right.TEPPER: At the same point in time, you have got people saying inflation's over. It's not over. I mean, in fact, it's actually reaccelerating right now.But you look at the impact of inflation, specifically on lower-income individuals, Middle America, Darden last quarter, they mentioned that, in Olive Garden, traffic was down significantly from families making under $75,000 a year.So inflation, as we know, it's a regressive tax.PAYNE: Right, and, ironically, up for families making $125,000.TEPPER: Yes.PAYNE: So to your point, everyone's training down.I want to -- and, by the way, what really bothers me is all these experts out there on Wall Street that says everything's OK, because they take all the consumers and take the aggregate, rich folks and poor folks...TEPPER: Yes.PAYNE: ... and say, we're doing OK.I got to ask you about this Tesla thing. Now, I didn't get a chance to -- I don't know if they had the conference call or not. The stock has been hammered.TEPPER: Oh, yes.PAYNE: The stock has been absolutely crushed. So, knee-jerk bounce, I'm not surprised, but what do you think they have to do to really get back on track?TEPPER: I have heard they're going to pivot and start focusing on robo- taxis? I'm sure you have heard the same thing.But, I mean, you look at GM's report this morning, a beaten race from GM. What are they doing well with? Pickup trucks.PAYNE: Right.TEPPER: Gas-powered pickup trucks, specifically the heavy-duty ones that may take diesel. So they're doing very well there.And you contrast that with what's happening at Tesla. Demand for E.V.s is waning. There's no secret about that. Everyone's been talking about that. We can see it plain as day. So, look, I don't have a solution for them. I mean, maybe robo-taxis is the way to go, but it just -- that seems incredibly disruptive for someone to place a big bet on that.PAYNE: Yes, and at this particular time.And to your point, listen, it's -- when E.V. makers finally said to President Biden, we can't do it, we have to slow down...TEPPER: Yes.PAYNE: ... their stock prices have gone up. Their performance has gone up because Americans like pickup trucks.TEPPER: Right.PAYNE: They like pickup trucks.TEPPER: You have one, right?PAYNE: Yes, that's right. I got a hell of a pickup truck.(LAUGHTER)PAYNE: All right, Mark, great seeing you, my man. Appreciate it.TEPPER: Thanks, buddy.PAYNE: So, if all of this has you worried, folks, about getting into the stock market, you cannot miss my special tomorrow on FOX Business. It's called "Making Money." It's "The Unbreakable Investor Town Hall," quiz show edition.Listen, everyone's in the market. It's time for you to get in and, if you get in, to do it right. I want to show you tomorrow how you can become an unbreakable investor. Please tune in. It's going to be an amazing show at 2:00 p.m.Coming up here: As anti-Israel protests grip campus life, are voters playing -- paying attention? We could be getting the first size from Pennsylvania in a very interesting election there tonight. We will explain.And President Joe Biden making abortion rights the focus of Florida today, as former President Trump blasts his handling of these campus protests we're seeing every day. How will all of these issues play out in November? Karl Rove is coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTER: From the river to the sea!PROTESTERS: From the river to the sea!PROTESTER: Palestine will be free!PROTESTERS: Palestine will be free!(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: As anti-Israel protests rock college campuses around the country, the Democrat divide over Israel-Hamas war is front and center in a Pennsylvania congressional race.Bryan Llenas is in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, where voting in the battleground state's primary is now begun. It's now under way.Bryan, tell us about this.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Charles, good afternoon.Well, Pennsylvania's 12th Congressional District in Pittsburgh will actually serve as an early test, one of the first tests, in fact, for how an anti-Israel progressive Democrat will fare among voters amid these growing antisemitic protests on college campuses.Incumbent and Squad member Democratic representative Summer Lee is facing a primary challenge from local -- a local Democratic counsel woman who says Lee is too extreme. Lee has been under fire for being among the first to call for a Gaza cease-fire. She's opposed House resolutions condemning antisemitism and Hamas, and she voted against aid for Israel.Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez campaigned for Lee this weekend. Lee is also supported by Israel supporter Senator John Fetterman, top Democratic leadership, and Pennsylvania's Democratic Senator Bob Casey, who is running for reelection in November, though Casey has tried to distance himself from Lee recently.Over the weekend, anti-Israel protesters interrupted a Casey campaign event. Today, we're hearing a very low turnout in today's primary across Pennsylvania, as the presidential and Senate races are a foregone conclusion here. We did speak to voters, however, who told us this about why they're motivated to show up today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: What is the most important issue to you right now that's driven you out to vote today?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The border.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is the inflation.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Everything, every single thing is more expensive than it was under Biden and his administration.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The border and also all this antisemitism and the riots in the streets. It's just out of control.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I just don't like the idea of voting noncommitted. We should be committed to Israel.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Where is everyone? Everybody's so mad and angry today, but are they here to vote and say their piece? No. So I'm here doing my part.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: The pro-Palestinian uncommitted campaign is hoping for over 40,000 voters to write in uncommitted here in Pennsylvania to protest President Biden -- Charles.PAYNE: Bryan, thank you very much.Harvard's student newspaper reporting the university has suspended a pro- Palestinian group and closed Harvard Yard for the rest of the week.My next guest says leadership across all ends need to do more. 2024 New Voices founder and Harvard grad Samantha Ettus joins us now.And, by the way, we did reach out to Harvard University for a statement. We are right now waiting to hear back.Samantha, tell us, what you would like to hear and who would you like to hear it from?SAMANTHA ETTUS, FOUNDER, 2024 NEW VOICES: Well, we're at a pivotal point right now in history. We haven't seen this kind of hate and violence and rhetoric on campuses for tens of years.Like, this is unprecedented. And what we're seeing is that faculty and students are being seduced by a terrorist group. Students for Justice in Palestine, also known as SJP, has invaded our college campuses and we have been completely unprepared.And it's time for leadership not just to talk, but they must take action before it gets worse.PAYNE: You know, here's the quandary, though.Many may say that those -- these universities were fertile ground for such an invasion and that these leaders maybe seduce this sort of invasion. Maybe they welcome it.ETTUS: Well, it's a great point Charles.I think what we have seen happen is, there's so many progressive values on our campuses and that became fertile ground for terrorists to invade. So what we have seen is that, in over 200 campuses, there are active SJP groups. They are funded by terrorists, and we need to get them off of our college campuses.We need to expel students that are involved and we need to move on so that our students can actually go to universities and learn and feel safe. This is no longer about Jewish students. This is about upholding Western values. Every parent in America should care and want to do something about what's going on.PAYNE: You know, this whole thing -- you brought up funding. You see these tents. They are all pretty expensive type of thing you get from one of these high-end camping outlets.They take them away, they bring them back. The next day, they get new ones. It just feels very organized. And there's some well-heeled money behind this, it feels. And you have to wonder where that's coming from.ETTUS: Well, it's a great point. They're not just well-organized.They're dangerous and they're abundant. And they're so well-funded, as you said. I mean, look how beautiful these encampments are. The pictures you showed earlier of Columbia University, I mean, this is something out of a catalog.But, unfortunately, what's behind it is tremendous hate. And these groups have ties to Hamas, to Al Qaeda. These are terrorist-funded groups. And, unfortunately, this has been going on for years before October 7. October 7 is what woke us up to it.PAYNE: Yes.ETTUS: So now it's time for us to take action.PAYNE: You know, it's interesting. I don't know if you can teach courage, but college used to be the place you can go and it can bring it out of you, right?You were encouraged to actually go out there. And now we need the very people who -- to set an example, to your point.Samantha, thank you very much. Appreciate it.ETTUS: Thank you.PAYNE: All right, folks, the Senate is set to take up foreign aid, but aid for the border crisis here at home, that's still stalled.Hillary Vaughn with the White House may be eying now -- Hillary.HILLARY VAUGHN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Charles, while the Senate is starting this voting process on the national security supplemental with money for Ukraine, Israel and Taiwan, no money for the U.S. border.The president reportedly might consider taking executive action. I will have the details on what coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: We are awaiting Senate votes on foreign aid for Israel, Ukraine and Taiwan, but the national Border Patrol union lamenting that there's nothing for our border security. What's the White House response?Hillary Vaughn is there with the latest -- Hillary.VAUGHN: Hi, Charles.Well, the White House response is, they wanted money for the border too. President Biden originally requested $14 billion for the border as part of the national security supplemental he requested, but Republicans rejected it.They wanted policy changes. And, ultimately, Democrats and Republicans in Congress could not agree to a package that would get enough votes to pass, so nothing on the border today as the Senate moves forward on this package that has money for Israel, Ukraine and Taiwan.Some Republicans are annoyed that their party didn't stick together to demand a border bill first. Others say it's time to move on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): There's no border security. I hate that, but we tried and failed, but we -- now is the time to have Ukraine.SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): The reality is that we don't have a secure border. And people here in Washington are way more concerned about the sovereignty of Ukraine's border than they are our own.(END VIDEO CLIP)VAUGHN: But, according to The Wall Street Journal, the president might be thinking of ditching Congress and doing it himself when it comes to immigration reforms.According to the report, officials inside the White House and at DHS told the journal that one of those proposals on the table could be granting legal status to mixed-status families, U.S. citizens who have a spouse that's an illegal immigrant, giving them work permits and deportation protection, this perk as a way to help immigration advocates stomach a larger illegal immigration crackdown that could come from Biden.According to The Wall Street Journal, officials say the White House has discussed timing it before the election as a sort of one-two punch following an executive order that would likely upset immigration advocates.The White House not announcing anything or confirming the report, telling us in a statement: "The administration remains committed to building an immigration system that is fairer and more humane. As we have said before, the administration is constantly evaluating possible policy changes."So we will wait and see what happens, but it seems that the president might be tired of holding his breath that something on the border and immigration will happen in Congress -- Charles.PAYNE: Meanwhile, Hillary, President Biden is taking some heat for his response to this major anti-Israel, all these demonstrations across college campuses, saying yesterday that he condemns antisemitic protests, as well as those who he says -- quote -- "don't understand what's going on with Palestinians" or Palestine.What is the White House saying about that today?VAUGHN: Well, Charles, today, the White House is reminding everyone that the president decided to run for president four years ago in light of the rally in Charleston, Virginia, where there were those chants of white supremacy and antisemitism.And, today, they say he is just as committed to rooting out antisemitism wherever it pops up, even on our college campuses. White House Deputy Press Secretary Andrew Bates telling reporters today, what is happening at these anti-Israel protests is wrong.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)ANDREW BATES, DEPUTY WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Calls for violence and physical intimidation targeting Jewish students and the Jewish community are blatantly antisemitic, unconscionable and dangerous, and they have no place on any college campus.Echoing the rhetoric of terrorist organizations, especially in the wake of the worst massacre committed against the Jewish people since the Holocaust, is despicable.(END AUDIO CLIP)VAUGHN: ... Charles, also says the Department of Education will be taking an active role in investigating any antisemitism on college campuses.Education Secretary Miguel Cardona saying in a statement out today -- quote -- "Antisemitic hate on college campuses is unacceptable. I'm deeply concerned by what is happening at Columbia University. We won't tolerate hate or harassment that targets students because of who they are or who they are perceived to be."But while the White House has been very forceful at condemning these antisemitic rants on college campuses, the president himself has not given a formal speech condemning it. He also has not taken to social media himself to post about it.And the one time he did mention it on camera, it was in response to a question from FOX -- Charles.PAYNE: We're looking for a more full-throated pushback. Thank you very much, Hillary.And as anti-Israel protests boil across elite universities, President Biden now focusing his campaign on abortion today.What Karl Rove makes of it and how former President Trump is handling it is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: President Joe Biden campaigning in Florida today making abortion rights the focus, this as he's facing heat on the handling of the Israel- Hamas war and those growing anti-Israel protests.Want to go to FOX's Mark Meredith. He's in Tampa, Florida, with the very latest -- Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Charles, good evening to you.President Biden's visit down to Florida was brief, but he's hoping his message will resonate with voters between now and November, the campaign trying to make abortion a top-line issue, especially in this state, which is about to impose a six-week ban on the procedure.And President Biden says too many Floridians are being put in a dangerous situation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Criminalizing reproductive health care for -- before women even know whether they're pregnant, I mean, this is bizarre. I can put -- you can put a doctor in prison if he takes care of a patient.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: The Biden/Harris campaign is spending a lot of time, energy and money trying to make the abortion issue front and center in swing states.Polling shows it is a top five issue, but that the economy ranks higher in terms of voters' concerns. Former President Trump, who calls Florida home, says he believes the abortion issue should be decided on the state level. He's yet to say how he would vote on a ballot initiative in Florida which would essentially expand abortion access.But we did hear today from Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, who blasted Biden's visit.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): ... is, Floridians are not buying what Joe Biden is selling. And, in November, we're going to play an instrumental role in sending him back to Delaware, where he belongs.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: One of the big questions, of course, will Democrats turn out in greater numbers this election with abortion being on the ballot?Republicans say they don't think that's going to be the case, but the president's visit today, Charles, was all about trying to get that voter turnout -- Charles.PAYNE: Mark, thank you very much.So, let's get the read on all of this from Karl Rove, FOX News contributor, former White House deputy chief of staff -- Karl.KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Good afternoon, Charles.PAYNE: Good afternoon.They're trying -- in, Florida, they're trying abortion, obviously, particularly -- it helped a lot, I think, in the midterms, certainly. But of all the things out there, though, is this going to be enough? Because it feels like there's so many issues that this White House has been caught offsides with it seems like they don't have an answer for.ROVE: Yes.Look, no, it's not enough to save the Democrats. The inflation issue, the illegal immigration issue, the cost of government, all of these things are going to be bigger and more important than I think abortion is going to be.But it is both a challenge and an opportunity for Republicans. My view is that it's not enough simply to say, we're going to leave it up to the state. I think people do want to know, if you're going to leave it up to the states, what would you do if you were either voting in a referendum or if you were a member of the legislature?And Republicans are on solid ground, I think, if they say something along the lines of, if I were doing this at a state level, I think that 15 or 16 weeks is a reasonable period to allow a woman to seek an abortion. And after that point, there ought to be three exceptions, rape, incest, life, and the mother. I believe that parents ought to be involved in the decisions of their teenage daughters.And we should not have abortions in the second and third trimester because that's a very morally dangerous thing for us to be engaged in.PAYNE: Right.ROVE: And I think, if they did that, they -- whether you agreed with them or not, they would have a position that would be defensible and sound reasonable to the vast majority of people who might be inclined to vote for a Republican for president.PAYNE: Karl, earlier today, outside of court, former President Trump has had some comments that -- on these anti-Israel protests that are happening all over these college campuses. Let's take a listen. I want to get your thoughts.ROVE: Mm-hmm.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: What's going on at the college level, at the colleges, the Columbia, NYU and others, is a disgrace. And it's a -- it's really on Biden. He has the wrong signal. He's got the wrong tone. He's got the wrong words. He doesn't know who he's backing. And it's a mess.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: Karl, he doesn't know who he's backing because it feels like he wants to back both.ROVE: Yes.No, President Biden's statement yesterday was mystifying. If we need -- if this is a moment where we needed moral clarity, where was the president of the United States? I thought it was very smart of the former president to go into the courtroom today, not talking about the case that he is in court about, but instead talking about the big issues that Americans are thinking and talking about as they see it played out on their television.And this is a point at which we ought to, as a country, say, we will not accept antisemitism on our great institutions of higher education. And the idea that you could go onto a college campus and break the rules and set up these encampments and protest the acts of Israel and engage in antisemitic behavior towards Jewish students is unacceptable on our campuses.And the police have every right to come in and remove you. And the students have every likelihood of being suspended from school if they continue to engage in this kind of activity. No, and we need moral clarity. We don't need, on the one hand, this and, on the other hand, that, as President Biden gave us yesterday.PAYNE: Yes. It's not working. And it's actually, in my opinion, probably making things worse.Karl, it's always great to talk with you. Thank you very much, my friend.And, by the way, folks, that's it for us right now. But, remember tomorrow, FOX Business, I have got a very special town hall. It's called "Making Money: Unbreakable Investor." You have to be in the stock market, bottom line. You must be in there. And I will tell you why tomorrow. Check me out.Now here's "The Five."