SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS HOST: For the group about a book that everyone reads and the one rule of the club, no questions permitted about why any of these members are in jail, just a discussion. Tomorrow on Special Report, our second installment in toxic towns looks at nuclear waste in Missouri. Thanks for watching. I'm Shannon Bream. The Ingraham Angle is up next. That's it from Washington.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle. Thank you so much for joining us. Losing control. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, the Democrat establishment, I think they always assume that they could control the crazies on the Left without our help. But what if that's not true?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't touch them. Don't touch them. Don't touch them. Don't touch them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Knock it off. Knock it off.NICK WATT, CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: One of the protesters was arrested and put into that squad car you see right there. The car was then surrounded by protesters demanding let him go. Let him go. Let him go. It appears that they might actually be letting him go. There was pushing and shoving, cursing, swearing, a great deal of anger and then this arrest.AMELIA KIMBALL, ASSOCIATE MANAGING DIRECTOR, THE DAILY TEXAN: Right now, a physical clash between students and police.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The pro-Hamas movement is catching on at college campuses coast- to-coast. It's moving faster than STDs. This is a new generation of activists who consider George Floyd a hero and most of them think America is just downright racist. And now they're feeling emboldened because as social liberals and Left-wing radicals, they believe they're always going to have cover from the liberals who are running our colleges and universities.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What we have this encampment that has shown solidarity with each other, with other colleges, with the Palestinian people. And that is something that the administration cannot take away from us. The way they've been treating us is as if we were strangers in our own campus, as if they hadn't been teaching us what we're applying here in this encampment.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I love the mask. Last night, Columbia University gave the upper hand to protesters who were given a deadline to disband, remove the tents, but then the administration buckled.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That deadline came and went. Hours later, a university spokesperson said they made enough progress to where they feel they can push back that deadline by 48 hours.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: 48 hours. Now some of these activists are ignorantly just supporting Hamas, most of them don't even know what Hamas is. But some are vicious antisemites and others are just bored and I think they're desperate to maybe find a girlfriend, boyfriend or just meaning in their lives.Students who work hard to be in school, most of them can't afford to be involved with this nonsense. They can't afford to skip classes or not study for exams and scream from the river to the sea on camera. This angry campus occupation is filled with entitled kids poorly raised who live in a natural state of entitlement and sloth. Who needs classwork. Mommy and daddy will still flip me the keys to the Beamer. And they know that college officials are ideologically joined at the hip with them. So, punishment not going to be coming anytime soon.After all, remember, it was Obama himself, who encouraged young people to be community organizers. That was one of his final speeches that he gave as president, and they know they have campus and city law enforcement in a box.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: These moments sometimes of law enforcement moving in actually create sometimes a moment of escalation.JULIETTE KAYYEM, CNN SENIOR NATIONAL SECURITY ANALYST: We cannot put police officers especially non-university police officers, as we've seen in some of these jurisdictions, just out there fully armed, terrifying students. We don't have to treat the protesters as enemies, we don't want to get to DEFCON one in an hour.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The truth is just as Dr. Frankenstein's monster eventually came for him. The Democrats creation these hateful pro-Hamas activists will also come for them, a new type of monster. Not only are they threatening to disrupt the Democratic National Convention in Chicago, they're putting Biden's reelection in danger by convincing a lot of middle America that the Democrat Party is dominated by anti-American and antisemitic extremists.We did have riots in 1968 and remember, Nixon won the election. So, this is where the rubber meets the road. Up until now the Democrats thought that these activists were helping them as they did in 2020 by kind of intimidating Republicans, bringing all that excitement and passion to campaigning.But now, Democrats have lost control of the situation with these kids raging out of control, shouting their support for Hamas, stopping normal life on campus for everyone else and this is setting up a potential nightmare scenario for Joe Biden and his party. What will they do if all these students or others like them march into Chicago on August 19th.Two or three nights of riots are going to sink Biden, like it's sunk Hubert Humphrey in 1968. My prediction is the Biden campaign will do everything it can to convince this movement, that they're only helping elect Trump. So put the brakes on the protest stuff. If it's left to Governor JB Pritzker, and that dopey Chicago Mayor, Brandon Johnson to stop these kids with the major police and National Guard presents, well, they'll do it.But this could end up just like 1968 all over again. Remember those scenes? Well, the upshot here is that the politicians like Biden, Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, they should never have gone along with these radicals and Mao, their slogans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Systemic racism is a stain on our nation's soul.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): President Trump, you are not a dictator. And America will not permit you to be one. We will not permit you to be one.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): They have placed our democracy in jeopardy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, from time-to-time, it's easy to conclude that they actually believed what they were saying. But you know, we're really looking at this. Do you really think that the guy who served as vice president to Barack Obama for eight years, really in his heart of heart believes that the country is systemically racist? Probably not. And Chuck Schumer doesn't believe that Donald Trump is never going to hold another election if he's president, it's ridiculous, they just say it.So, the more we look at this, and more we see it was all an act. It was performance art, to attract the energy and the enthusiasm of these young radicals, all to stop the populace and Donald Trump. But those suburban mothers who thought Biden was going to return us to normalcy, that's what they promised. They see all this unfolding, chaos everywhere. We look from the trans movement, hurting all those young girls and women in sports to the border that mess to college campuses now.And those suburban women are still going to think that Trump is the problem. It would be sweet justice if -- after all this, it blew up in their faces in November and helped elect Donald Trump. And that's the Angle.All right. Joining us now, Cornell Law Professor William Jacobson, founder of The Equal Protection Project, he dealt with this hostility from his own school because he dared to ask questions about the BLM movement. Professor, President Shafik of Columbia said that the university designate certain areas for protest in order to guarantee free speech for the students, but to avoid disruption to other students like we're seeing with these encampments. So, why is the administration negotiating with the people that are violating its own rules?WILLIAM JACOBSON, CORNELL LAW PROFESSOR: I think that's a great question. And I think that's one of the reasons she probably should be stepping down, that this is a toxic situation with toxic ideologies. These are essentially anti-American, anti-Western, anti-capitalist ideology similar to Occupy Wall Street from a decade ago mixed in with Islamist pro-terror groups and mixed in with praise for Hamas and other terrorist groups.This is not really something that we've seen before and I've been covering these movements for over a decade, it's worse now.INGRAHAM: Well, CNN thinks that the police are perhaps the catalysts for the protests themselves and may make things worse. Watch(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LULU GARCIA-NAVARRO, CNN CONTRIBUTOR: The action of bringing police into a group of people who are already feeling that they are sort of representative of the oppressed, who are inspired by what happened with George Floyd in 2020 and seeing what is happening in Gaza, that that has only really acted as a catalyst here. And so, I wonder at the wisdom of bringing in the armed police.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, Professor Jacobsen, apparently, they're supposed to just let these hundreds of tents without any sanitation, without any concern for the students who are actually trying to get a real education, just let them stay up until they get tired.JACOBSON: Yes, well, this is obviously very highly organized. This is not spontaneous. There's a group that's organizing these around the country. If you look at a lot of the encampments, the tents are identical. Somebody bought them, somebody put in an order for these. These are not just students showing up, and that's really what's going on here. It is no mistake. It is no coincidence that today on X, formerly Twitter, the supreme Ayatollah in Iran, praise the students and criticize the U.S. cracking down on the student protests This is not what it appears to be. This is a much more serious situation.INGRAHAM: This is infecting our country now and this is what the Liberals wanted, and this is what they got. Professor, thank you so much. Now to the so-called peaceful protests at the University of Southern California, USC.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: Joining me now from campus is USC alum Jared Zelman. Jared, you're an alum, do you feel safe as a Jewish American on campus?JARED ZELMAN, USC ALUMNUS: Unfortunately, Laura, I don't feel safe. Not anymore. This is one of the holiest weeks to Jews across the world, it's the week of Passover. And I don't know, anybody who's wearing a yarmulke. Or comfortable wearing the star David out at all this week.INGRAHAM: Well, Jared, this antisemitic sentiment, it's been building across the country, and including at USC, the valedictorian speech was even canceled because of it. So, what happened there.ZELMAN: So, the valedictorian was espousing antisemitic and entirely anti- Israeli opinions online and in-person. Her Instagram bio, called for the dissolution of Israel, there are over 200 people eligible for this role, USC selected her, instead of standing down, calling her off and changing the speaker, they suggested that the problem was those in our community that were going to make her feel unsafe. So now they've canceled all speakers.INGRAHAM: I mean, this is what happens. So, these so-called liberals who are actually very illiberal because they're disrupting what's going on for just students who want to go to class. They're obviously having their education at the very least interrupted or made more traumatic by this. They don't seem to care about that at all. They want to get the Instagram video, they want to get stuff for their reels, and they wanted them to blame the campus security officers who were knocked on their back during all of this.ZELMAN: It's scary, it's frightening. And the issue is, it may not affect everybody in our country. But these people are young, and they're going to age. And at some point, they're going to make up an extremely influential segment of America's people, and we are all going to suffer the consequences.INGRAHAM: Jared, we're watching this very closely at USC, which is a beautiful campus, and this is an absolute disgusting disgrace what's happening. Thank you. So, what's really going on inside the heads of these protesters?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you're so proud of what you're doing, why do you cover your face?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The U.S. government did 9/11.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: With a little help from Israel.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Israel was behind 9/11?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm sure they were involved.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did Hamas stay in charge of Palestine?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Shut up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Which is your favorite terrorist group? Which one should run Palestine?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Go to hell.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Free, free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why don't we free Palestine from the terrorists?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Free, free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't touch my microphone, the best and safest way in your opinion to deal with Hamas?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To dissolve the Israel State.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now the man you just saw Adam Guillette, President of Accuracy in Media. Adam, were you surprised to learn that these Ivy League pretend you know, pro-Hamas activists weren't the brightest lights in the bulb drawer?ADAM GUILLETTE, PRESIDENT, ACCURACY IN MEDIA: No, they're Ivy League radicals and Ivy League fools and I've been encountering them across the country. They're no brighter at Berkeley Law. They're just equally antisemitic. They're no brighter at Harvard, just equally antisemitic. You see the same sort of radical across the country and it really comes from the DEI teachings, they learn DEI rather than anything of intellectual weight.INGRAHAM: Well, my previous guest said that a lot of these -- a lot of these protests are astroturf protests. These are highly organized, perhaps centrally organized down to the that tents and you know, I guess perhaps, who's helping fund some of this activity. Do you have any knowledge about that? Or do you doubt that supposition?GUILLETTE: You know, I really think you have several different groups. There are the true blue antisemites, many of whom are foreign students. Then there are the typical progressive DEI radicals increasingly at Columbia, I see these off-campus agitators who consistently sneak onto campus. Imagine paying $70,000 a year for tuition. You don't feel safe on campus, you're told to go home and leave.Meanwhile, these off-campus folks with my own two eyes, I watched them sneaking onto campus every day. These are adults, these are radicals, these are people looking for the next protest to find in the ruining the education for these children.INGRAHAM: Now, Adam, Columbia's President Shafik wants everyone to know that she takes antisemitism very seriously and testified to that effect. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MINOUCHE SHAFIK, PRESIDENT, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY: And we condemn the antisemitism that is so pervasive today. Antisemitism has no place on our campus, and I am personally committed to doing everything I can to confront it directly.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Adam, do you believe her?GUILLETTE: Yes, she -- it's unbelievable. I was at that hearing. And it was really ironic when she explained to Congress that she tries to make it so that protests are away from the classroom, so that students can listen and study and learn. It was hard for me to hear her at that time, because at that exact moment, her students were outside the room screaming and shouting and demanding to be let in. These are entitled children who've gotten away with far too much for far too long and she's entirely incapable of solving the problem, she should resign.INGRAHAM: Well, Adam, quickly, a lot of people say who cares? These are elite universities who are overendowed and graduate underperforming students. So why should we care about it?GUILLETTE: Well, these are the people who are going to be running our country in a few years. And this is literally what corporate America is going to look like in 10 years. We need to stop this problem now before it infects even more of our culture.INGRAHAM: That's why they have the masks on. I love how they all have masks and scarves around their faces. They don't want anyone to really know who they are. Adam, thank you.Alvin Bragg, perhaps realizing his case against Trump, maybe a dead dog. So now they have to reinvent themselves. Jonathan Turley is here next to explain it. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: As court resumes tomorrow, let's remember how the Never Trump legal types initially reacted to Bragg's hush money indictment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The entire point of an indictment is to tell the defendant here's what you're charged with, because he said federal campaign election law. But this is New York state, so he said state election law. But this is a campaign for president which is a federal office, I have real questions about this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's disappointment. It's hard to imagine convincing a jury that they should get there.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: One source said to me, this is Donald Trump, you don't bring a knife to a gunfight.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I had hope that there would be more.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But their April 2023 disappointment even disbelief over the weakness of this case has now become excitement, even anticipation, their old concerns magically melting away. Joining me now, Jonathan Turley, George Washington University Law Professor, Fox News Contributor. Professor, I love going back and watching these old clips because now they're kind of in with the -- in with the Bragg attempt to bootstrap some conspiracy references into his -- into their opening statements and now campaign finance violations, what the heck is going on here with this evolving spin?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I don't know because this case is quickly becoming incomprehensible. I mean, they -- the newest theory that they gave just as the trial was starting is that we have another dead misdemeanor, and the misdemeanor is that Trump conspired by promoting his own election unlawfully, but they don't explain really where the unlawful part is.They also don't explain how denoting this as a legal expense later affected the 2016 election. It just doesn't seem to matter to anyone in that courtroom that this is utter nonsense, and that this is not a campaign violation in terms of contributions.The federal government did not believe there was grounds to charge anything in this case. Many experts reject that, that whole concept. And so, what we're watching here is something that I've never seen the likes of. I mean, the judge is allowing this farce to unfold in his courtroom. And everyone just seems to be treating this. Like they're actually trying a known crime. When you have people still debating, not just on this network, what the crime was that Trump was trying to conceal. It's something that's out of a Fellini movie, it's just crazy.INGRAHAM: Professor, what would you say? Let's say you were doing a seminar, like a criminal defense seminar for third year law students. And they were actually trying to convince you that this was a fact -- this was a state crime, rising to the level of a felony with these facts. I don't -- wouldn't want to see what you graded this theory on if they had to write a paper trying to argue this.TURLEY: Well, I remember I had a professor in law school who would always say, that's an interesting argument, but it doesn't pass the red face test. You have to be able to make that argument in court and not get a red face. And this is one of those things I tell the students, you're trying too hard that is the gravitational pool of who the defendant is, is warping your judgment. And at some point, you have to decide what is more important. Go ahead.INGRAHAM: It's -- yes, at some point, it becomes an indictment. Both of the press of these legal minds who actually have a lot of experience in court. So, they're indicting themselves by letting their -- they despise Trump, so they want this to kind of fit into the box that Alvin Bragg has constructed, and it doesn't work.But Jonathan, I want to move on to what's happening tomorrow at the Supreme Court. I wish I was there. I was desperate to be there to see the oral arguments in the Trump case involving presidential immunity. Your quick take?TURLEY: Well, this is a real cliff case, because there's cliffs on both sides. And these justices don't want to go over them. Everyone's talking about how extreme and sweeping Trump's arguments are. Well, the lower court decision was pretty sweeping as well. Both are cliffs. You know, either you leave a president who has no protection for statements made in the presidency, or you create a president who has no accountability for even the most egregious crimes, there is a good chance the court is going to try to find a third option and more nuanced approach.If that happens, it will have an immediate practical benefit, because if it gets returned to the district court, I don't see how she could possibly hold the trial before the election.INGRAHAM: Wow. Jonathan, can't wait to see what happens. Thank you so much as always. All right. The corporate media pretends that they're nothing like the National Enquirer, well, we have evidence proving otherwise. Plus, an update from the ground at the anti-Israel mob central. Don't go away.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Anti-Israel, pro-Hamas mobs spreading to other colleges across the United States. Fox News national correspondent Alexis McAdams joins us with an update from NYU. Alexis, you're back at NYU. What's the latest?ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Laura. Well, there is some situation kind of happening right now. We'll show you what's going on here with campus security. There's some people here on the sidewalk and some issues going on with people.UNKNOWN: Hey, will you stop harassing me for no reason.MCADAMS: Yeah, for sure. So then, that's kind of what's going on here inside of campus. But I want to show you here what's happening at NYU. I'm going to step off camera and show you what's happening here with some of these boards they put up around campus because things got so out of control just the other day and there has been some violence happening at the campus.So, take a look here at this video. Protesters at NYU, Laura, were throwing bottles and even a chair at police officers as they tried to clear the New York City campus this week. That chair was thrown so hard it badly dented an NYPD officer's helmet here in the area. OK, you can see that chair being thrown and that was a riot helmet that was smashed in.So, imagine if this cop didn't have that on, right? This comes after numerous warnings from police. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This is the New York City Police Department. You have been warned by New York University to leave the area. Please leave the plaza now or you will be arrested for trespass.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: The NYPD video shows that protester also chasing police at NYU on Monday night. Sources telling us the crowd grew angry and violent after they cuffed a protester demanding they release that person immediately. So, the police had to get into the building for safety reasons.NYPD's Tom Brass tells me the language they heard from these students, not just here at NYU, but at Columbia, has been vile.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The language from the students towards our cops was reprehensible, disgusting. We will not have any Seattle-type encampments on the streets of New York City. I can guarantee you that. That would end rather quickly.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So today, on campus, protesters who were wearing masks, tried to block our crew from passing by on the public sidewalk. They were trying to push the photographer's camera out of the way, demanding to know where he worked. These protests that were popping up on college campuses like wildfire, from Yale to the University of Texas where they're really not taking it so well. In Texas, arresting dozens of people as they moved in on horseback. So, they handle it a little bit differently there, right?Government officials say it's obvious these protests are being funded by outside groups. And they're not just pro-Palestinian protests, but many are anti-Israel. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Israel, go to hell.UNKNOWN: Israel, go to hell.UNKNOWN: It is right to rebel.UNKNOWN: It is right to rebel.UNKNOWN: Israel, go to hell.UNKNOWN: Israel, go to hell.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So, you can see here there are some officers in front of NYU, as people that are walking by get pretty heated. I want to walk you this way too, really quick, and see just what some people wrote on one of these walls.So, a girl just jumped up here with a mask on and wrote, who does your wall protect? Free Palestine. And a few more messages saying this is NYU's wall of shame. So, people aren't too happy out here, Laura, with what's going on. They want this campus to let them set up those Gaza encampments. We'll send it back to you.INGRAHAM: Alexis, imagine those kids just trying to study for finals and get that project done that maybe they're a little behind on. That's adding another challenge to the end-of-year drum on college campuses. Alexis, as always, thank you so much.Yeah, well, we just cut her off, but that's OK. Yeah, Trump is on trial, but as Professor Turley and I just discussed, every day in covering Trump, the press is really indicting itself. But they claim, of course, to be the ultimate arbiters of what real journalism is, and they want you to know it ain't the National Enquirer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I feel compelled to say this, but it's worth saying out loud. This is not how journalism works. Maybe that's true that it falls into that category, but that's not journalism.UNKNOWN: That is not journalism. In my world of legitimate journalism, people don't offer money like that generally.UNKNOWN: None of this is normal. Like, no aspect of what we are witnessing is normal. For all journalism students out there, checkbook journalism, not a thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, really? Was burying the Hunter Biden laptop story, was that how journalism works, sweetheart? What about pushing the Russia collusion hoax? Was that good journalism? They got everything wrong. They keep getting everything wrong. They totally misread Middle America. They don't care about them. They think they're awful people. Then they lecture us? This is real journalism. Get out of town.Joining me now, Chris Bedford, political columnist. And Byron York, Washington chief examiner, chief political correspondent, Fox News contributor.Chris, I love the pearl clutching about real reporters and real journalism. A little bit ironic, maybe?CHRIS BEDFORD, POLITICAL COLUMNIST: It's more than a little ironic. I mean, they've got a point that the National Enquirer's paying for stories doesn't fit the bill, but neither does anything that we've seen from a lot of their outlets for the last couple of years.I mean, one of my favorite courses that I took in a largely wasted degree, which was journalism, was ethics, and certain things that you're supposed to do and things that were very, very basic, like diagnosing someone as mentally ill when you're a news reporter. That's something you're not supposed to do. That was a lesson we learned in the 60's.It's something that CNN would do every single day to Donald Trump. Chasing down stories, trying to suppress stories. NPR coming out with some kind of big, convoluted reason for why they wouldn't cover an obviously true Biden laptop story. Ethics have gone out the window with these folks, so to hear the lectures is just hysterical.INGRAHAM: And, Byron, you've documented this, but their justification, and these are from people who actually are talented writers, if you just talk about writing, but their justification is Trump is really subhuman. He's a danger to our very existence. He's Hitler. He's Satan. So, that's how they try to get out of that ethics constraint.BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, you saw during the Trump presidency that so many in the media took a much more openly adversarial stance than they had ever taken before, even with previous Republican administrations that they gave a hard time to. So, there was that.And also, they lowered their standards of proof for stories involving Donald Trump. Think back to the Steele dossier, these sensational, unsubstantiated allegations about Trump and Russia. When it became clear that they could never be substantiated because they weren't true, some people in the press decided they should still discuss it because they had not been proven false, which is to take the journalistic standard and turn it on its head.So, a lot of things changed in journalism in the Trump years, and they were all for the worse.INGRAHAM: And Chris, what I think is quite hilarious, and you try to find humor wherever you can in this sad situation in which we live, but when you look at some of the polling, and it's just polling, you know, whatever, but Quinnipiac is very interesting because they've been trending against Biden. It's been building.So, the more they put this lens on the trial and distort what's really going on, the worse it's getting for Biden. And you look back in January, it was up six for Biden. February, up four for Biden. March, up three. And now in April, it is a tie.And I know a lot of people are thinking, how could it be a tie? But that trend in that poll, I am told by people who know more than I do, is significant. And that is also an indictment of the press. People are tuning them out.BEDFORD: It is. They don't have the power that they used to have. They don't have the ability to just declare to people who should be the president, who should be the candidate, who's good and who's bad.And to back it all up, when they don't have any real facts, when they're following this case in New York, which is just garbage, they've set up these group chats amongst themselves to try and come up with new ways to try and convince the American people. But they're much more like group therapy sessions than actual support groups.INGRAHAM: Yes. We'll have to send a therapy pet over to that group chat as soon as the news really starts turning. Chris and Byron, thank you so much.All right, speaking of the left's vitriol, it has a new target, but this just tells you how desperate they're getting. Yeah, I'm talking about Melania Trump, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: She's beautiful, she's smart, and she's married to Donald Trump. So, of course, the miscreants on the left hate her and will look for any excuse to criticize her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The heels are so high.UNKNOWN: Heels are always high.UNKNOWN: But it's not the most practical idea to wear those high heels for a skip down to Capitol Hill.UNKNOWN: The way she's allowing herself to be defined are on a strange choice of a jacket that she wore on a trip, that was in poor taste.UNKNOWN: Melania stood out in a tweed coat while everyone else was dressed in dark colors.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So pathetic. And now the New York Times is resurrecting this all and is dissecting the outfit that Melania Trump wore at a recent fundraiser, describing it as a covered up black Michael Kors pantsuit with a leather belt wrapped tightly twice around her waist.Now, Melania looked chic and confident, but fashion critic Vanessa Friedman found the hidden meaning behind it all. In the psychographic geography of dress, black, the color of seriousness, of doom, of downtown, of ninjas, of mourning, is not exactly what one might expect at a Palm Beach party. Black, one Palm Beach denizen said, is almost never seen locally.Yet, there she was in her much ballyhoo 2024 debut for her husband's campaign, one that she and her team knew would be keenly watched, in black. The import was either funereal or fighting ready, depending on your perspective. Either way, it wasn't neutral.But at a previous fundraiser, Melania had chosen a floral pink number and she wore polka dots back in 2022, so what's this all about?Joining me now, Monica Crowley, former Trump Assistant Treasury Secretary. Monica, full disclosure, I am also in Palm Beach and I'm wearing black. But whenever I see Melania Trump, I stay away from her because I don't want to be photographed with her because she's so pretty and beautiful and smart. I step aside.But the fashion writer -- Monica, the fashion writer ended this drivel with how Melania was looking as if she was getting ready to fight. The question is, against whom? Monica, what is wrong with these people, please?MONICA CROWLEY, FORMER TRUMP ASSISTANT TREASURY SECRETARY: You know, Laura, I am sitting in the Palm Beach area as well, and I almost chose a black dress to join you here tonight. Look, you know Sigmund Freud's old and very famous saying, sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Sometimes a chic, gorgeous black suit, is just a chic, gorgeous black suit.Mrs. Trump looks absolutely beautiful in anything. She's highly accomplished. She is fluent in five languages. And yet, they always have to try to find something to bludgeon her, because by extension, they're trying to hit her husband, of course.Look, Mrs. Trump is a real powerhouse in her own right. She's a literal supermodel, Laura. So, for them to be wasting precious column inches in the New York Times when the world is aflame and the country is hanging by a thread, thanks to Biden and the Democrats, tells you their level of desperation and their level of jealousy about Mrs. Trump as well.INGRAHAM: But Monica, hold on, hold your horses because it's -- you can't really compare Melania's fashion sensibility to Kamala's. You know, she's on the cover of Vogue. Kamala, really, you know, when she wears a pantsuit, it screams seriousness and poise and confidence. This is what she was back in 2021 when she donned the cover of the magazine.But, you know, they went on and on about Kamala this, Kamala that, which is fine. It's no problem. I think she looked good. But, I mean, but it shows you just how desperate they are and how sad. They're sad people. Monica, really quickly, close it out.CROWLEY: And how jealous, how jealous they are, Laura, of her stunning beauty, her accomplishments. She was an extraordinary first lady. She's going to be an extraordinary first lady again. So, of course --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: If she were a liberal, they would love her.CROWLEY: I had -- Recently, I had a major editor of a major women's fashion magazine tell me a couple of years ago that they were told to never put Melania Trump on the cover. Just simply because she is married to Donald Trump. A literal supermodel cannot be on the cover of Vogue.INGRAHAM: Biden's campaign fumbles and stumbles, and while Trump makes the most of his court lockdown. Arroyo, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen, where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, Trump has been stuck in New York thanks to this sham trial, but he has found a way to use the confinement, I think, to his advantage.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, Laura. Look, if the prosecutor's goal was to lock him down, Trump has outfoxed them. In between his courtroom visits, Trump has created these pop-up campaign events in Atlanta, and New York, in Harlem, reaching constituencies far beyond his usual base, and he's turned Trump Tower into really the U.N. on Fifth Avenue.Just last week, he hosted the Polish president at his home base in New York. And yesterday, Laura, the former Japanese prime minister visited him. Now, I mean, this is really a brilliant strategy, and it's hardly the lockdown Alvin Bragg and company were banking on.INGRAHAM: I like that. He's treating Trump Tower like the Oval Office. They're all coming to meet him. And the polls are going in his direction, too, as we saw with that interactive-polls today. The trend is against Biden, big time.ARROYO: Warning to the prosecutors. Remember with Joan of Arc, it wasn't until the fire that things got really interesting. Subjecting Trump to this is only heating things up. Biden is also on the trail. He spoke, or read, rather, to union workers in Washington today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Are you ready to choose freedom over democracy for democracy? Imagine what we can do next. Four more years. Pause.UNKNOWN: Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Four more years. Pause.INGRAHAM: He did not say pause.ARROYO: Laura, I mean, every moment is scripted. Every moment is a disaster. And he may have very well risked his entire election in that moment. It's the cascade of them every week, every day. The reinforcements that he said they can't read.INGRAHAM: Oh, no. If Trump said pause, it would be every late-night show. It would be every comedian, every tedious commentator on The View, oh, he said pause. But they treat it like he's talking, you know, at a dog charity event or something. Pause. W-A-S.All right. Biden hosted -- Raymond --ARROYO: -- got four more seconds. Go ahead.INGRAHAM: Well, Biden hosted a big abortion rally in Tampa, and he was, you know, messy as ever.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Pick him up on an election day. Call. Do you need a ride to the polls? Don't mess with the movement of America. Let's get it done.(INAUDIBLE)BIDEN: Besides, I used to drive an 18-wheeler.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, he never did that. He did not drive an 18-wheeler.INGRAHAM: Wait a second.ARROYO: Biden's been in politics for 30 years, Laura. And now he's a civil rights activist. He was at the top of his class. He got three degrees. He was raised in the Puerto Rican community. And now we have Trucker Biden. He's the Tom Ripley of politics.INGRAHAM: Well, wait a second. He also did that thing again where he turned and did that weird robotic thing, like that old Michael Jackson, the robot.ARROYO: The ghost handshake. Yeah.INGRAHAM: He's still waiting. He's still waiting for someone to show up. All right. One moment was actually gross, really gross during that abortion event, Raymond. Now, this is failed Florida candidate for governor, Nikki Fried. Watch Biden as she discusses abortion laws.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: And then we come back here to state of Florida where Ron DeSantis felt like he needed to run for president. And so, 15 weeks wasn't good enough. We had to go to six weeks.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, this is blasphemous and so insidious. I mean, to invoke the cross and Jesus Christ while we're talking about the extermination of innocent children. I mean, no matter where you fall on the abortion debate, to bring religion into it in this way, when you've got a Catholic there who's been defying his church for years, supporting abortion on demand when his church clearly says you can't do that as a Catholic in good standing. This is particularly odious, I have to say. And I was amazed.INGRAHAM: He is an ardent. He is an ardent practicing Catholic, Raymond, just like Nancy Pelosi. So just get off their backs.Thank you, Raymond. All right, that's it for us tonight. Tomorrow, I'm going to be on with Martha McCallum on The Story, so tune in for that. Around 3 o'clock Eastern. And make sure to follow me on social media. Of course, Facebook and Instagram and X. All the comings and goings of the Angle there.Thank you for watching. Remember, it is America, sometimes it doesn't seem so, but it's America now and forever. Jesse Watters, he takes it from here.