TYRUS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Tyrus Live Comedy Tour in states all over the country.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Where are you going to be on the 27th of September?TYRUS: I will be where I'm at. I'd be where I'd be and that's all you need to know. In cities everywhere.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: That's fantastic.TYRUS: Judge, do you have a bird call? You could do a bird call.PIRRO: No. An owl?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening, welcome to Washington. I'm Shannon Bream in for Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, as anti-Israel protests continue to spread to college campuses across the nation, the speaker of the House expressed his support to Jewish students at Columbia University. Officials there say they're making progress in conversations with protest leaders.Correspondent Steve Harrigan is on the Columbia campus for us tonight. Good evening, Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Shannon. The Speaker of the House warned the protesters here today that calling out the National Guard was a real possibility.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Neither Israel nor these Jewish students on this campus will ever stand alone.HARRIGAN (voice over): House Speaker Mike Johnson met with Jewish students at Columbia University, adding to the growing calls for university president Minouche Shafik to step down.JOHNSON: We just can't allow this kind of hatred and anti-Semitism to flourish on our campuses. And it must be stopped in its tracks.HARRIGAN (voice over): The clock is ticking as Tuesday's midnight deadline to dismantle the tents on campus came and went. The university says it's making progress and extended talks with the student negotiators for another 48 hours while being vague about what will happen if they don't comply.For now, students agreed to remove some tents, kick out nonstudents and eliminate hate speech.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Israel, go to hell.HARRIGAN (voice over): Some Jewish students and professors say the university's president is still not doing enough.SHAI DAVIDAI, COLUMBIA BUSINESS SCHOOL PROFESSOR: You know who the only people not on the negotiation table? The Jews. She's negotiating with Hamas supporters with Islamic Jihad supporters. HARRIGAN (voice over): Tensions are growing across the country, with clashes at the University of Texas and Austin, and the University of Southern California and more schools joining in.Fox News research shows that more than half of the nation's top 50 universities had protests in the past week. Students at Princeton are said to be planning an encampment like the one at Columbia violating school policy.And while some members of Congress support the protesters.REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): I am incredibly moved by your courage and bravery.HARRIGAN (voice over): Others want to revoke federal funding international student visas if their terms are violated.(END VIDEOTAPE)HARRIGAN (on camera): The speaker told the protesters that they were being endorsed by Hamas and that they should stop wasting their parent's money. The students responded with a chant. Mike, you suck. Shannon, back to you.BREAM: Well, we will talk about that and more with the panel coming up. Steve, thank you.Republicans are pressuring President Biden for some kind of action concerning these anti-Israel protests. At the same time, President Biden signs a foreign aid bill sending billions of dollars to Israel, Ukraine and Taiwan.Senior National Correspondent Rich Edson is at the White House tonight. Good evening, Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Shannon. Shortly after signing that bill at the White House, President Biden said it was a good day for the United States, for Europe and for world peace, as other events in the U.S. are also drawing international attention.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My commitment to Israel, I want to make clear again, is ironclad. The security of Israel is critical.EDSON (voice over): President Biden today signed a foreign aid bill including more than $26 billion in funding for Israel. As critics say he isn't doing enough to address campus protests spreading across the country with some lauding and parroting terrorist organizations.While the president made no mention today of those demonstrations, the White House says officials will forcefully call out anti-Semitism.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Protests must be peaceful. You know, students must be safe. When we see violent rhetoric, we have to call that out. When we see physical intimidation or grotesque anti-Semitic remarks, we have to speak that out.EDSON (voice over): Tomorrow, President Biden will be in the New York area with no campus visits on his scheduled. While at Columbia today, House Speaker Mike Johnson and several other Republicans pressed the administration to revoke federal funding for schools that failed to control threats towards Jewish students.Johnson suggested that if the anti-Semitic demonstrations continue, there couldn't be a role for the National Guard. And he said he'll tell the president that directly.JOHNSON: My intention is to call President Biden after we leave here and share with him what we have seen with our own two eyes and demand that he take action.EDSON (voice over): These protests are also gaining international attention, especially in Israel, where Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the anti-Semitism on college campuses in the United States, "horrific."BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Anti-Semitic mobs have taken over leading universities. It has to be condemned and condemned unequivocally. But that's not what happened. The response of several university presidents was shameful.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): Next month, President Biden is scheduled to speak at Morehouse College's commencement. Some faculty, students and alumni are calling on the historically black college to rescind that invitation over the president support of Israel. White House says that President Biden is looking forward to celebrating with graduates next month, Shannon.BREAM: All right, Rich Edson at the White House. Thank you, Rich.Tonight, U.S. Supreme Court justices are considering arguments heard today about whether state abortion restrictions can be invalidated by federal law, mandating emergency care which the Biden administration argues may include abortion.Correspondent David Spunt has details from outside the court.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Today's case originates in Idaho, but could have wide ranging implications for states with strict abortion laws.At issue now, whether Idaho's near total abortion ban is at odds with a federal law protecting patients in emergency situations, including pregnant women. The Biden administration sued Idaho arguing abortions may need to be performed when the woman's life and health are at stake. The justices divided with some questioning the federal government's power.JUSTICE SAMUEL ALITO, SUPREME COURT: How can you impose restrictions on what Idaho can criminalize, simply because hospitals in Idaho have chosen to participate in Medicare?SPUNT (voice over): But the court's liberal justices questioned the state's authority.JUSTICE ELENA KAGAN, SUPREME COURT: It's not all the state's way. Within these rare cases, there's a significant number where the woman is -- her life is not imperiled, but she's going to lose her reproductive organs. She's going to lose the ability to have children in the future. Unless an abortion takes place.SPUNT (voice over): Idaho's law only provides an abortion exception to save a woman's life. The Justice Department argues the 1986 law ensures patients get appropriate stabilizing treatment in emergency situations, including abortions if necessary.Today's arguments highlight a divisive social issue playing out on the campaign trail. The justices held separate arguments last month over nationwide access to the abortion drug mifepristone.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (on camera): Shannon, decisions in both cases will come from the Supreme Court by the end of June setting up an intense few months before the election, Shannon.BREAM: Well, and David of course, the court here's another very high stakes case tomorrow, the last one of this term. Tell us about it.SPUNT: It's a big one, it deals with former President Donald Trump and whether or not he should be immune from federal prosecution.The former president says he should be immune, he was charged by Special Counsel Jack Smith for allegedly trying to overturn the 2020 election results. He claims the alleged acts happened within his official role as president and he can't be charged.Special Counsel Smith says Trump's behavior continued into his post presidency. This trial originally was supposed to happen in March. It's been delayed because of the Supreme Court.And depending on what the Supreme Court does, we can have a trial later this summer, perhaps August, September, or if they rule in Trump's favor, we may not have one at all, Shannon.BREAM: All right, we will cover that trial start to finish tomorrow. David, thank you.SPUNT: Thank you.BREAM: All right, three Republicans joined all 29 of the Democrats in the Arizona House of Representatives to pass a measure to repeal the state's near total ban on abortions. That bill now goes to the State Senate.The ban is based on a 19th century law that was recently upheld by the state's Supreme Court and allows abortions only in cases when the mother's life is in danger.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): It's not every day, you can say you made the world truly a better place. But I think the Senate can say that tonight.JOHNSON: I know that history is going to judge this well. It was the right thing to do.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): It's not a whole lot of money for us, but it is very significant step for them.BIDEN: They don't always agree. But when it matters most, they stepped up and did the right thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Well, let's bring in Fox News Chief Political Analyst Brit Hume to talk about this now. New massive foreign aid package that has been signed and is on its way.Brit, good to see you tonight.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Thank you, Shannon.BREAM: OK. There are people in Washington who don't love the way that this was passed on both the House and Senate side. But it is a done deal. It now flows to numerous foreign aid policies and priorities for this administration.HUME: Well, that's true, Shannon, and yes, there's a lot of complaining about it, particularly among some Republicans in the House. But let's remember this, these measures passed the House and Senate with very strong bipartisan majorities, which ought to be something that I think people will look at and say, well, what do you know, it's an election year that these parties are each other's throats. And we have an outbreak of bipartisanship on major foreign -- on major foreign policy issue, the funding of support for Israel, Ukraine, and Taiwan. That's a very big deal.And let's remember this, Shannon, the hallmark of American foreign policy post World War II, all through the Cold War was continuity. Yes, there were disagreements here and there about whether we should do this or that.But over the long haul, it was a bipartisan consensus, that containing communism, and restraining its spread was the way to go. And in the end, that policy held and prevailed.I'm not going to start predicting that we're in the land of milk and honey now with the partisanship as heavy as it is. But this was a big moment. And I think it may have had the effect of enlarging the speaker Mike Johnson.There he was, you know, involved in this and getting the bills through the House with difficulty. And there he was again today at Columbia University, making a far stronger statement against the protests that have broken out in caused all these trouble with these campuses, far stronger statement than President Biden has made. So, something's happening here.BREAM: Well, Brit, as you mentioned, these measures to get through the House, it was greatly bipartisan. I mean, the votes were almost evenly split on some of these aid packages, but that's where the far left of the speaker's party is unhappy. Here's Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, who keeps you know jostling that sabre about possibly voting him out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Speaker Johnson refuses to use his power as speaker of the House, to do any type of negotiating to secure the southern border.He needs to do the right thing to resign and allow us to move forward in a controlled process. If he doesn't do so, he will be vacated.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: So, the far right of his party is making this argument. Does it cost him Brit, or do we as we hear -- are hearing some rumblings from inside Trump world that the former president wants this to calm down, cool it and to present a more united front?HUME: Well, remember, he stood side by side with Johnson down at Mar-a-Lago recently and suggested that he supports the Speaker now that you know, you can never count on that lasting any longer than Trump's mood.But at the moment, that's where it seems to be. And I would also add this, Democrats are glad that these measures passed the House.And they are to some extent, at least grateful to Mike Johnson for bringing about and there's at least a distinct possibility, if not, you know, I wouldn't bet on it necessarily. But there's at least a possibility that if Marjorie Taylor Greene and her little crew tried to oust him, that he will be saved, his speakership would be saved with the help of Democratic votes, it will have a distinct majority of Republican votes to keep him there.And what these -- what these Republicans who are complaining that he's working with Democrats are trying to do is counting on the Democrats to help them oust him.I think number of Democrats may not play ball with that. And he may not -- and if he survives this, I think he'll be strengthened, I think indeed he may already be strengthened.BREAM: Yes, I think you're right about the Democrats. We need them publicly and privately, frankly, have told me too, that they would vote to save him. So, we'll see how that plays out. Brit Hume, always great to have you.HUME: Thanks, Shannon.BREAM: All right. Stocks were mixed today. The Dow lost 43, the S&P 500 was up one, NASDAQ gained 16.Up next, an exclusive interview with Ukraine's president following the passage of that huge aid bill by Congress.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: I want to thank you for such significant support. A very important support to President Biden, to Congress, to Mike Johnson.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Hospital authorities in Gaza say an Israeli airstrike late Tuesday hit a house in the city of Rafah, killing at least, three people.Video shows mourners sitting by the bodies wrapped in bags before prayer rituals were performed by dozens of men.The strike happened as the Israeli military signals it plans an offensive on the city, where hundreds of thousands of people have taken refuge during the war.Israel says it does plan to evacuate civilians from Rafah during the anticipated offensive.Russia has vetoed a U.N. resolution sponsored by the U.S. and Japan, calling on all nations to prevent a dangerous nuclear arms race in outer space.The resolution calls on all countries not to develop or deploy nuclear arms or other weapons of mass destruction in space. Those weapons are banned under a 1967 international treaty that included the U.S. and Russia.Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy says he will work with whoever wins the November U.S. presidential election. He talks exclusively today with Fox News Senior foreign affairs correspondent Greg Palkot about the state of the war with Russia, and the new aid, just authorized by Congress.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT (voice over): As the war rages in Ukraine, the embattled people here were breathing a sigh of relief, after six months on hold, Congress and President Biden, OK'd a foreign aid bill that would deliver $61 billion to the Ukrainian military and its fight with Russia.PALKOT: Come. Good to see you.VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE (through translator): Good to see you.PALKOT (voice over): No one was more relieved than Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who spoke with Fox News soon after the Senate acted.ZELENSKYY: The moment when we waited for this, six-month decisions -- $61 billion, hopes to -- I'm thankful to people of America. What I wanted to say, I am thankful, not the first time, and I hope that you and the Americans will feel the result of their help. A result to save Ukraine and Ukrainians.PALKOT (voice over): The hitch now is getting the weaponry to the troops in Ukraine, who have been outgunned and who have lost ground to the Russians.The Pentagon says some could be sent soon from nearby Germany.ZELENSKYY: God bless, we will get it as quick as possible.PALKOT: Is that important that you get the weaponry, these air defense, the long-range missiles as fast as possible?ZELENSKYY: As fast as possible, otherwise, they will push us back. Our people know about it, and Americans have to know about it.PALKOT (voice over): Zelenskyy is not only fighting Russia, but also fighting for attention. He watched as the U.S. and other allies pitched in to defend Israel, fending off an attack from Iran.PALKOT: Do you wished all those planes were helping you here too?ZELENSKYY: We saw it. And that's why I think it's as -- if we want to be real allies, Ukraine and Western countries, they have to show the same on our territory.PALKOT: Zelenskyy also monitors American politics, not just Republican lawmakers raising questions, but a possible new president who could take a harder line on Ukraine.PALKOT: Would you be able to work with President Trump if he is elected? And is president next year?ZELENSKYY: Of course, we will. Of course, we will work with the United States anywhere, because it's our strategic partner and the leader lead on -- in the world.PALKOT (voice over): This, as the military and civilian casualties' mount.PALKOT: How do you help to keep the morale, the spirit of the country up during these very difficult times?ZELENSKYY: That is the most difficult question. For me. It's, you know, the question without real answer.PALKOT (voice over): In the end, though, with the war already two years and two months in, the question remains, whether Ukraine can beat Russian President Vladimir Putin and his quest for domination.PALKOT: Will you achieve victory?ZELENSKYY: We have to. We don't have alternative. I don't know the kind of this victory. I don't know the country today. I don't know how it will be. I'm not sure that everybody will be happy. But I know that we don't have any alternative. That's why we have to win, and we will.(END VIDEOTAPE)PALKOT (on camera): That's why we have to wins, Zelenskyy said, and we will. A very emotional Ukrainian president, determined, and a bit tired. It's been a long war. There is more ahead, Shannon.BREAM: Certainly is. Greg Palkot, thank you very much.Up next, Bret Baier, with a look at expiring legislation affecting people who were sickened during the effort to build the first atomic bomb.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight, Australian police arrests seven teenagers accused of following a violent extremist ideology in raids all across Sydney.A judge has extended a ban on social media platform X, sharing video of a knife attack on a bishop that led to this criminal investigation. Secretary of State Antony Blinken arrives in Shanghai to begin a critical trip to China. He laid it just hours after the Senate passed long stalled legislation to send aid to Taiwan, Israel, and Ukraine.The trip comes following a conversation between presidents Biden and Xi, and a visit by Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen.And this is a live look at Chiba, Japan. One of the big stories there tonight. Japan's first moon lander survives a third weeks long freezing lunar night.The country's space agency says it's gotten an image from the device, three months after it landed on the moon.Temperatures can fall to minus 274 degrees Fahrenheit during a lunar night.Just some of the other stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: New Jersey Democratic Congressman Donald Payne Jr. has died at age 65. The sixth-term representative suffered from heart problems for years. New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy called Payne a steadfast champion for the people of the state.With his passing now, the House balance of power sits at 217 Republicans and 212 Democrats with six vacancies.The Port of Baltimore is preparing to open a deeper channel for commercial ships to get in and out for a few days. Thursday's move will be a significant step toward reopening the major maritime shipping hub. It's been closed to most traffic since a cargo ship hit the Francis Scott Key Bridge last month, causing the bridge to collapse. The new channel will be 35 feet deep allowing five of the seven cargo ships that have been stuck in the port to leave.Tonight, we begin a new series looking at toxic towns in the U.S. In Missouri, residents and lawmakers are pushing for Speaker Mike Johnson to allow a vote on a bill that compensates anyone with cancer or other illnesses as a result of the Manhattan Project. Although the U.S. dropped the first atomic bomb almost 80 years ago, my colleague Bret Baier examines why in some parts of the country community members are still fighting to get nuclear waste fully cleaned up.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks, Shannon.The Radiation Exposure Compensation Act was enacted in 1990. The law provides payments for anyone who may have contracted certain cancers and serious illnesses as a result of the effort to build the first atomic bomb. It is set to expire this year. Some lawmakers are pushing to renew the legislation and expand it as mounting evidence shows locations beyond the test sites may have been exposing residents to toxic chemicals for decades.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: From 1945 to 1962, the U.S. conducted nearly 200 atmospheric nuclear weapons tests. Thousands of workers were hired to mine for uranium throughout the west.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: While some search for uranium, others work with it but stay a safe distance away from it.BAIER: While others were essential in developing the weapons at secret sites.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The greatest of war secrets on which thousands of these Americans work.BAIER: The Radiation Exposure Compensation Act would eventually cover these workers and individuals who lived near test sites if they developed cancer or other serious illnesses.What changes are in your legislation?SEN. JOSH HAWLEY, (R-MO): Bret, what my legislation would do is number one reauthorize this program that for years has provided life-saving compensation for folks who the federal government has poisoned.BAIER: One place excluded from the act -- Missouri. Now its senator, Josh Hawley, is working to change that. He wants parts of his state and other locations to be included in a revamped bill.HAWLEY: The victims have never been compensated by the government for the exposure the government put them through.BAIER: So why is Missouri left out and other states left out?HAWLEY: Well, it was originally written, this program, back in 1990. And a lot of it, Bret, was back then we didn't know the extent of the government's nuclear processing or radiation tests. A lot of it was still veto.BAIER: Karen Nickel grew up in north St. Louis County. She says she and her family suffered from several illnesses.KAREN NICKEL, JUST MOMS STL: I have lupus and I also have psoriatic arthritis and some other autoimmune disease.BAIER: Missouri State Democratic Representative Chantelle Nickson-Clark also grew up near Nickel. She is a two-time breast cancer survivor and comes from a family with a history of cancers.CHANTELLE NICKSON-CLARK, (D) MISSOURI STATE HOUSE: To be diagnosed with two different types cancers definitely has been a disappointment in my life.BAIER: Both believe a nearby creek could be part of the high rates of cancer and illness in the region.NICKEL: Lupus is an environmental trigger, they do know that, connected to some radiation.NICKSON-CLARK: As data reflects there's nothing concrete coming from a family where cancer just runs all through my family. We believe that that is a contributing factor.BAIER: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says so, too. A 2019 health assessment determined exposure could have resulted in elevated risks for developing certain cancers.NICKEL: This is no small creek. This is more like a little river.BAIER: A lot of residents there are saying more testing should be done. Where are you on this?HAWLEY: More testing needs to be done. The residents are absolutely correct.BAIER: Before the danger was determined, the creek was a frequent playground for locals.HAWLEY: Back in the 1950s, folks went out and built homes there. It was a nice suburban area. It's still a beautiful area.NICKEL: There were a lot of children in the neighborhood. And kids spent day -- sunlight to sunset in the park there and playing in the creek.BAIER: Several decades later, Nickel says a shocking number of her friends and classmates have suffered from various illnesses.NICKEL: It's just person after person after person that have passed away from rare cancers and whatnot. The amount of illnesses and immune diseases, it's astronomical.BAIER: Karen met her neighbor, Dawn Chapman, as they both were trying to learn more about the radioactive waste in their neighborhood.DAWN CHAPMAN, JUST MOMS STL: Unlike Karen, I didn't grow up next to this. It was staggering to see how many people were ill, and then, again, be able to look back in my community where I grew up, there is none of that.BAIER: Chapman and Nickel now both live near a landfill where an underground fire has been burning for more than a decade.CHAPMAN: The longer this fire burns, the more unstable the ground becomes.BAIER: Chapman first learned about the fire at West Lake Landfill in 2013.CHAPMAN: I had been smelling something for a little while, kind of like when you cut an onion. That's what our eyes were doing. That's what it felt like, like this very intense burning that was like, oh, my God, what's happening to me?BAIER: She called the Missouri Natural Resources Department. What she learned would change everything.CHAPMAN: They started talking about the Manhattan Project and there being radioactive waste, and he was concerned the fire was going to hit it.BAIER: Chapman and Nickel founded their organization Just Moms STL shortly after meeting in 2013. Since then, they have worked it uncover how toxic sites, such as Coldwater Creek and the nearby West Lake Landfill, came to be in St. Louis. Over the last decade, they have pressured authorities to clean them up. We have interviewed some of these families, heard their stories. I assume you have talked to them, as well?HAWLEY: Oh, absolutely. The government has done all of this. It has imposed these hardships on these working people. And, Bret, I just want to say, again, these working folks, they are the heroes of this story.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): In our next installment, we're learning more about how the St. Louis area was involved in developing the atomic bomb and what officials knew about the possible contamination there. We'll send it back to you.BREAM: All right, Bret, thank you.Up next, a known gang member out on parole is accused of shooting a sheriff's deputy in the back.And later, the panel on campus protests and President Biden's muted response.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: We have another example of America's crime crisis tonight. A known gang member already out on parole is facing charges of shooting a Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy. Correspondent Bill Melugin is there tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ma'am, it's 2-12 Mary one. I have been shot. It hit the vest.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: A Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy radios for help moments after he was shot in the back while waiting at a red light on his motorcycle. The deputy's ballistic vest saved his life. The photo, provided by a law enforcement source, shows he was just inches away from a potentially fatal shot to his head.This violent incident putting another spotlight on California's soft on crime policies. Investigators believe career criminal and known gang member Raymundo Duran was the trigger man. He is now in custody, arrested hours after the shooting with a gun on him. The L.A. County sheriff says surveillance video and witness statements tied him to the shooting.ROBERT LUNA, LOS ANGELES COUNTY SHERIFF: That he has a very extensive criminal history, I could tell you by bulleted points it took up over half the page. And a lot of the acts were violent.MELUGIN: Multiple law enforcement sources tell FOX Duran has a prior conviction for manslaughter after he stabbed his co-worker to death in 2001. In 2021, he was convicted of felony evading after leading police on this pursuit in Los Angeles County. But he only spent months behind bars for it. In 2022, Duran was convicted again for being a felon in possession of a firearm. L.A. D.A. George Gascon claimed today his office will hold Duran accountable.GEORGE GASCON, (D) LOS ANGELES COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: It will lead hopefully to a conviction if we are able to prove the case.(END VIDEO TAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Shannon, there are obviously questions now as to how a suspect with this kind of criminal history could be out on the streets. I reached out to L.A. D.A. George Gascon's office yesterday to ask yesterday how they prosecuted his prior cases and how they plan to prosecute this one, but I haven't heard back from them. We'll send it back to you.BREAM: All right, Bill, thank you.So, the latest installment in Bret Baier's documentary series "The Unauthorized Histories" is now available on FOX Nation. It's a five-part look at the history of Silicon Valley. The programs trace the rising power of today's tech giants. Here's a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: These new revolutionaries saw themselves as upstarts who would change the world. Few suspected that within just a few decades they themselves would become the establishment, with powers that extend far beyond the Valley itself.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I would even argue Silicon Valley has become everything that it professed to hate. Silicon Valley is the consolidated authority.CHRIS MILLER: They are not traditional rebels because they're structuring their success with stock options and hiring to and from the U.S. government, selling to the Pentagon. These are not revolutionaries of the traditional sort.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So I think a lot of these executives need to take a good look at themselves today and why they initially set out to do this.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: You can watch all five episodes of "The Unauthorized History of Silicon Valley" streaming now on FOX Nation.Up next, the panel discusses President Biden's response to anti-Israel campus demonstrations.First, here's a look at what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX 5 in New York as doctors put a mechanical pump in a patient's heart paired with a new kidney from a genetically modified pig. Physicians say Lisa Pisano is recovering well following last month's procedure, taking a few steps with her walker this week. She is just the second patient to receive a kidney from a pig.WRAL in Raleigh, Durham, with the crash of a small plane at the airport there. A University of North Carolina health physician and the pilot were taken to a hospital. The doctor is said to be in good condition. No word yet on the pilot.And this is a live look at Los Angeles. One of the big stories there tonight from FOX 11, 2005 Heisman Trophy winner Reggie Bush is getting his trophy back. The University of Southern California returned the award in 2010 following an investigation that found Bush received what were at the time impermissible benefits. Heisman Trust President Michael Comerford says his group considered the enormous changes in college athletics over the last several years that now make some forms of athlete compensation acceptable.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(CHANTING)REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: The madness has to stop. The Congress will not be silent as Jewish students are expected to run for their lives and stay home from their classes.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We want to see this be peaceful. We'll let the universities handle that process on how they are dealing on the ground.MIKE POMPEO, FORMER U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: Those kids are getting cheated out of education because a handful of pro-Hamas demonstrators have decided they're going to disrupt these institutions. Let's get control.President Biden has the capacity to fix this.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: So let's bring in our panel to talk about what is going on on campuses, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers, and Jason Riley, "Wall Street Journal" columnist and senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute.OK, we all saw the Speaker of the House take his visit up to Columbia today with a number of other members of House leadership, and as he was there, a lot of chanting, a lot of calling him down. But that visual, Mollie, is again sparking what Secretary Pompeo brought up there. There needs to be a more full-throated response from the White House a lot of folks think.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: There absolutely needs to be much more response from all sorts of people. This didn't all just happen at Columbia the other day. This has been brewing for decades. It arises from a leftwing ideology that teaches hatred for different groups, and we have seen this fester for a long period of time.I am heartened by how many people are upset at seeing this current incarnation of it. It presents a good opportunity for people to renounce it once and for all. Obviously, people are still waiting for President Biden to be a little more clear in his renunciation of some of the attacks that you're seeing on campus.BREAM: Because he has said he denounces and condemns the protestors, but also he condemns people who don't understand what is going on in Palestine, I believe that's what he said.OK, so I want to put this up. This is "The New York Post" cover saying "Columbia surrenders." The headlines there say "Pro-terrorist students get slap on the wrist as profs join protests." Jason, what do you make of this, because there's so much pressure on the school administrators to get this balance right about free speech and protecting kids. Not an easy task.JASON RILEY, COLUMNIST, "WALL STREET JOURNAL": Oh, I think it's not as hard as --BREAM: Easier than we're being led to believe.RILEY: Shannon, I think it is time to do what some Republican officials are now calling for, which is to bring in the feds, that the National Guard should get involved. And there is a precedent for this. Back in the 1950s when President Eisenhower was in office, we had mobs of white southern Democrats resisting court orders, resisting Supreme Court rulings, threatening, harassing physically students -- black students trying to go to school. And Ike called in the National Guard and the 104th Airborne Division and got things under control and protected those kids.And I don't think that Jewish students in 2024 deserve any less protection than black students did in 1957. And so if Biden wants to get serious about cracking down on this, I think it's time to call in the National Guard.BREAM: Well, Francesca, you cover the White House. Do you think that's in the offing, any discussion of taking that action? Because I'm quite sure the White House is also worried about the optics of sending in people in uniform to shut down these protesters.FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": So the White House is has underscored that the president wants to continue implementing his antisemitism national strategy which includes college campuses. When you dig into that, though, it mostly calls on schools to denounce antisemitism, to create things such as task forces rather than talks about action that the president would take himself.And one critique that I have heard from the left on the Israel-Hamas war consistently is that when the president talks about these issues, it's often in written statements. Today he did speak about the war when he signed the national security legislation. But typically, he's been putting out these statements and said, and they want to see him hold listening groups on this issue. And he is under pressure on the left to call for a cease-fire as well. So he's facing pressure from the right and the left to be more public.BREAM: Jason, you want to --RILEY: Obviously, he has got some political things that are holding him back here. These are young people he's worried about losing. These are young people that are leading the protests on campus. He is worried about losing young people to RFK Jr. or Cornel West. And he has got to win Michigan, a swing state with a large Arab American population that doesn't like what is he doing for Israel.And finally, he has got a party that is really mealy-mouthed about law and order in general, unless Donald Trump or his supporters are on the receiving end of it. They want to erase the border. They want to defund police. They want to let criminals not be prosecuted by these progressive D.A.s, and so forth. So these are the things that are holding him back, I think, from being much more forceful on this issue.CHAMBERS: But the way that he has responded to it, by the way, is to not to be on college campuses so far at all. He is doing two commencement addresses, but he hasn't went to the college campuses to sit down with students and talk to them about this. And that was part of the critique that progressives have had for him is that, can you imagine Obama not going to college towns is what one of them said to me.BREAM: Well, and they have been, as we know, tightly controlled with his campaign activities, too, because these protesters are showing up everywhere, and that's another threat he has got to deal with where he is out there campaigning.To this issue, though, of cracking down on the college campuses, Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez says this, "Calling in police enforcement on nonviolent demonstrations of young students on campus is an escalatory, reckless, and dangerous act. It represents a heinous failure of leadership that puts people's lives at risk. I condemn it in the strongest possible terms." So we have seen them come in in some places. The students quickly processed out back to these encampments. How does it work?HEMINGWAY: We have also not seen very much done by certain campuses at all. You've seen certain colleges where when people disrupt the educational environment for other students they are immediately expelled. You saw at the University of Texas. They brought troops in to clear the situation there. There are all sorts of things that people can do to restore order to the campus environment.The situation, though, again, is that many of these campuses teach this leftwing ideology that is so racist and bigoted against other groups. And a lot of people have favored it. The media have cheered it on. A lot of people in the Democratic Party have cheered it on until this moment, which is now suddenly causing them a problem because they have two of their special interest groups that are clashing here.BREAM: And we're looking at live pictures here at Yale's campus to see how they are dealing with it there. It looks pretty quiet at this point.But another issue for young people is this issue of TikTok, because now we have this measure that's passed. It's gotten to the president's desk on TikTok. But, at the same time, what we're finding out is that the administration apparently, or the campaign, I should say, plans to, Francesca, stay on TikTok after publicly talking about the condemnation of it, the dangers of it and signing something to get rid of it.CHAMBERS: Well, it won't be banned until this time next year, assuming that even goes through. But I will say when it comes to the court, the reason that the ban that the Trump administration tried to put in place was blocked was because the court determined that the president didn't have that kind of executive authority. This is legislation. This isn't an executive action.The other problem with it, according to the judge, was that they didn't come up with another -- enough other options. And so this could be seen as, instead of a 45-day ban, they are giving them an entire year to try to divest. So we'll see what the courts have to say.BREAM: Jason, does it resonate with young voters? Because TikTok is like, we've got our army out there we can mobilize and we're going to do this. You saw the response on Capitol Hill that came in when they said to people, hey, the House is getting ready to do this. The offices were flooded and overwhelmed with people.RILEY: I have some sympathy with defenders of TikTok. I mean, I understand that this shouldn't be on government devices, that there is a national security issue. I understand the mental health concerns. I'm familiar with that literature, particularly of young women, and so forth.At the same time, the idea that the government should be censoring so- called misinformation on social media is, to me, a bridge too far. And that is what the people who want to ban TikTok, both Democrats and Republicans, are calling for doing it in the name of, making sure we're not exposed to misinformation.BREAM: Quick final word?HEMINGWAY: Giving Joe Biden that power in particular to decide what is information, misinformation, when he has been such a major player in censorship is a problem.BREAM: Well, the Supreme Court is looking at many of those questions. So we will stay tuned to that.Finally tonight -- check this out. A very special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Reading definitely helps you escape, because sometimes this place can be chaotic and you will just get caught up in a lot of stuff that's going on around here. Reading is just like that place that just brings you back.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Every week, Nana Ampofo and her group of DePaul University peers head to Cook County jail in Chicago to discuss books with inmates. Ampofo comes up with thought-provoking questions for the group about a book that everyone reads. And the one rule of the club, no questions permitted about why any of these members are in jail. Just a discussion.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, our second installment in toxic towns looks at nuclear waste in Missouri.Thanks for watching. I'm Shannon Bream. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is up next. That's it from Washington.