HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: The mayor of the town, thank the most. So, God bless them. Thank them in.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: Oh, wow.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Wow. God bless.PIRRO: So dangerous.BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: Great, great here.By the way, just a quick announcement. Henderson, Nevada, right outside Las Vegas. It's coming up in nine days, on the 27th on stage.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS HOST: Wow.KILMEADE: "History, Liberty Laughs", I can't wait to meet everybody in person. Briankilmeade.com.WATTERS: Well-done, Brian.PERINO: Oh, he did it.WATTERS: You're good looks.KILMEADE: How many (INAUDIBLE).WATTERS: Have a good night, everybody.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Brian Kilmeade is always on the move. He really is.WATTERS: Can't pin him down.BAIER: All right. Thanks, Jesse.Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Bair. Welcome to SPECIAL REPORT.New York police have intervened in another major anti-Israel protests on the campus of Columbia University. New York City Mayor Eric Adams and the NYPD chief are going to brief the media anytime now. We will bring that to you live when it happens.But first, new Fox swing state polls. Former President Donald Trump remains ahead or tied in four key battleground states as the presidential campaign heats up. On the same day, the jury in the former president's criminal trial is sworn in and officially seated.The latest Fox polls out tonight show President Biden trailing the presumptive Republican nominee 45 to 51 in Georgia. That is, however, a gain of two percentage points by the current president there from our latest polls.In Michigan it's 49 to 46 for the former president, a slight increase. The two men are still tied at 48 percent in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin in our latest polling.In a race including independent Robert F. Kennedy Jr., former President Trump leads by seven in Georgia, two in Michigan, and two in Pennsylvania. But President Biden shifts to up to in Wisconsin.The president has a higher percentage of unfavorables in three of the four swing states with Wisconsin being tied. President Biden campaign today in Pennsylvania.Our survey shows just 14 percent of those responding say they are getting ahead financially, 41 percent are holding steady, and 44 percent are falling behind.Correspondent Bryan Llenas starts us off tonight from Philadelphia. Good evening, Brian.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening.If President Biden is going to win reelection, he'll most likely need to win Pennsylvania.Tonight, he just wrapped up his eighth visit this year as brand-new Fox News polls give us new insight into whether or not well, really ultimately -- a new insight into why he is visited this battleground state more than any other.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KERRY KENNEDY, BIDEN SUPPORTER: That's right. The Kennedy family endorses Joe Biden for president.LLENAS (voice-over): Today, six of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s siblings took to the stage in the City of Brotherly Love to try to torpedo their brother's presidential campaign.KENNEDY: President Biden has been a champion for all the rights and freedoms that my father and uncle stood for.LLENAS (voice-over): RFK Jr., writing about his family's revolt, "We are divided in our opinions, but united in our love for each other. I hold this as a possibility for America too. Can we disagree without hating our opponents?"The formal endorsement of Biden by America's most famous democratic family come six months after RFK Jr. launched his independent run for the White House in the largest battleground state in the country, Pennsylvania.Tonight, new Fox News polling reinforces Democrats greatest fears that RFK Jr. Could help former President Trump beat Biden.The new poll shows in a five-way race, RFK Jr.'s eight percent support would help Trump beat Biden and Pennsylvania by two points. In a two-way race. The same poll shows Biden and Trump in a dead heat. Underscoring Pennsylvania's importance, Biden crisscross the state so rally voters this week, touting the economy and attacking Trump.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Donald Trump's vision is one of anger, hate, revenge, and retribution.LLENAS (voice-over): Fox News polling shows Biden's message resonates best with non-white voters, suburban women, voters under age 35, and white voters with degrees.But former President Trump outperforms Biden by even wider margins in Pennsylvania with white evangelicals. Conservatives, white men with no degree, rural voters, and independents.MICHAEL WHATLEY, CHAIRMAN, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: The fact that the Democrats right now are trying to shore up the Democratic base for Joe Biden, shows you that he's playing defense.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): Today, RFK Jr. qualified to be on the ballot in the battleground state of Michigan. He is now gained ballot access in nine states. Tonight, the Kennedy campaign says it's confident that RFK Jr. will be on the ballot in all 50 states. Bret?BAIER: Bryan, thank you.The effort to find a jury in the criminal trial for former President Donald Trump back on track tonight, as I mentioned, the jury has been sworn in and seated the process. Actually, was going in reverse at one point.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the courthouse tonight with the latest. Good evening, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Bret. A roller coaster of a day ended with Judge Juan Merchan, saying, we have our jury. 12 Jurors seated, you mentioned, as well as one alternate. So, five more alternates are needed. And this all happened after two jurors were sent home in the morning session.Today, the D.A.'s office found one of those jurors. A man had been arrested for tearing down conservative political signs back in the 1990s, another juror felt she could not serve impartially after her friends and family suspected that she might be a juror.Trump was again very critical of the trial while leaving the courthouse tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The whole world is watching this hoax. You got a D.A. that's out of control. You have a judge that's highly conflicted.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: The Manhattan D.A. 's Office accuses Trump of violating the court's gag order seven additional times. The D.A. is asking the court to hold Trump in contempt for several social media posts, including one of them where Trump shared a story calling his former lawyer Michael Cohen, a serial perjurer.Judge Juan Merchan will decide on any potential punishment for a gag order violation on Tuesday of next week.Now, Trump said tonight, the whole trial is a sham directed by President Joe Biden. He accused the Department of Justice of coordinating with the Manhattan D.A. 's Office,But before his lawyers can make his case in court, again, we still need five more alternate jurors. The Court will start with a pool of 22 prospective jurors for questioning tomorrow morning. If they can agree on five more from that pool, several others have been sworn in and are ready to be questioned.So, if they can wrap up jury selection tomorrow, Bret, opening statements could happen on Monday. But at the end of court today, Judge Merchan just let everybody know that court will end early on Monday and Tuesday of next week. It will end at 2:00 p.m., because of the Passover holiday. Bret?BAIER: Nate Foy, outside the courthouse in New York. Nate, thanks.Staying in New York today, Columbia University's president asked New York police to clear anti-Israeli protesters from a tent compound on campus.Dozens of students have been arrested. Again, we're waiting on that press conference from the New York City Mayor Eric Adams.Correspondent C.B. Cotton though is on campus tonight with the latest. Good evening, C.B.I think we've lost that shot. Hold on.OK, we're going to come back to C.B. Cotton as that shot is -- as her live shot gets stabilized.Again, we are waiting also on the New York City Mayor Eric Adams' press conference that is expected as you look live there with the New York City police chief. We'll head back when we get that.It is shaping up, meantime, to be a period of increased dissension and disarray on Capitol Hill. Lawmakers are on deadline for a number of different tasks including a new federal surveillance bill and aid packages for Israel, Ukraine, and Taiwan. And there is a question of who will be leading the House through all of this, as the Speaker is holding on to his leadership by a thread.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram has details tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): Aide to Ukraine --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are waiting for this so much.PERGRAM: And Mike Johnson's speakership --REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): He is serving Ukraine first and America last.PERGRAM: -- both dangling by a thread. Marjorie Taylor Greene threatening to oust Johnson, if he helps Ukraine and fails to address the border.Matt Gaetz, engineered the ouster of former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy last fall.REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): My hope was that the motion to vacate would be an elixir that only required one dose.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes. Right.GAETZ: For effectiveness. But sometimes, there are some therapies that require more than one dose.PERGRAM (voice-over): The tension is so high that one Republican congresswoman implored leaders to send everyone home to cool off.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No good decisions are going to be made right now when people have such hot tempers.PERGRAM (voice-over): The House expected to take individual votes this weekend on bills to aid Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan, then blend them into one package for the Senate.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): The reason for that, frankly, is that I'm concerned Israel may not -- may not pass through the Senate right now. If it's not include in the package --PERGRAM (voice-over): Democrats are torn about supporting Israel.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): Yes, I believe that we need to have conditions enforced on U.S. military assistance. Those conditions are not presently in this bill.PERGRAM (voice-over): Democrats are also divided on bailing out Johnson, if conservatives tried to topple the Speaker.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): The Republicans should help Johnson. He's given them everything they want.REP. TOM SUOZZI (D-NY): When we have to make sure that we don't see somebody who's trying to do the right thing get punished for that.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The other issue before Congress, updating the foreign spying program, known as FISA. The Senate just started debate. FISA goes dark tomorrow at midnight unless the Senate votes. Bret?BAIER: We'll talk to Democratic Senator Tim Kaine in just a bit. Chad Pergram, live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.As mentioned, correspondent C.B. Cotton is on the Columbia campus tonight with the latest on what happened today there. Froze up a little bit before, good evening, C.B.CB COTTON, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Well, the arrest that we saw earlier today, certainly haven't deterred other protests from continuing at this hour. And the NYPD is working overtime to keep things contained.At least 100 people were arrested on the campus of Columbia University earlier this afternoon. University President Minouche Shafik, says she authorized officers to move in, after students were warned multiple times that they'd eventually be rounded up and detained.Fox News has confirmed Representative Ilhan Omar's daughter was among those who were detained. And according to some reports, the congresswoman's daughter has been suspended along with others who participated in the encampment.Those who are now suspended risk being unable to complete courses on time. Students were detained with zip ties, and then, boarded onto correctional buses. Officers were forced to carry some off the lawn.Student organizers called on pro-Palestinian supporters to join them off campus, outside the campuses main gate, where we saw the NYPD detained several people this morning.We have tried to speak to some of the protesters, but all have refused.Jewish students tell us, they are scared and intimidated on a regular basis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I have had more than enough. And if I wasn't graduating in a month, I would undoubtedly transfer. The thought of having to be here for another month is already close to unbearable. And I've not wanted to go to things like even my own graduation, just out of intimidation for the fact that I know that something like this that happens at almost every ceremony will happen there.(END VIDEO CLIP)COTTON: As you can see and hear behind me, Bret, the protests are far from over. And the NYPD continues to move more of its officers into this area. Back to you.BAIER: C.B. Cotton in New York. C.B., thanks.Again, we are waiting and monitoring that press conference from the New York City Mayor Eric Adams, about what's coming next, and we'll tap into that. If we get it.On Wall Street today, stocks were mixed, amid rising bond yields. The Dow gained 22, the S&P 500 fell 11. The NASDAQ was off 82.Up next, the House stages a key vote regarding Israel, while the Biden administration announces its next move against Iran.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Breaking tonight, as promised, the news conference going on in New York. We just heard from New York City Mayor briefly, Eric Adams. He said today there were more than 108 arrests at Columbia University. He said the situation in the Middle East has left many of us pained and angry. But that does not give you the right to harm others or put people in danger.And now, this is the police commissioner Edward Caban, let's listen to him.EDWARD CABAN, NEW YORK CITY POLICE COMMISSIONER: These arrests were made without incident. We will now let the rest of the criminal justice system when its course. So are our executives who were also on the scene can provide further details if necessary. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: With that, we'll take a couple of on topic questions. John Doyle (SP?)?(INAUDIBLE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hi, out of the 108 it was summonses for trespass. And two of them got trespass summonses as well as OGA, which is obstruction governmental administration.Yes, her daughter was arrested. That she was also charged with trespass, she will be getting a summons.So, it was a summons for trespass. And then two what got the trespass as well as charge of obstruction of governmental administration.The two that had the OGAs are getting DATs and no one's being put through.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hi, I don't know if someone could elaborate. I know that Columbia requested the police and there was what I think she thought you said was a clear and present danger.Beyond the trespassing, was there any other -- was there any weapon or any other kind of violence? Or was it clear and present danger?That and additionally, I know the mayor, you said that you called the people protesting and some people would say, I see it is as some sort of a peaceful protest. I don't know if you want to discuss that.ERIC ADAMS, MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: A peaceful protest is not in violation of city laws, or the violation of those who have properties on private property such as Columbia University. And when you violate specific laws, you're no longer protesting within the authority to do so.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And so beyond that, other than the trespassing, and there were two for the disrupted governmental administration, there wasn't any other kind of present danger.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, let the -- let's put on the record. The clear and present danger was language used by Columbia University in a letter to us that wasn't our words. That was their words.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Alexis (ph) of Dems (ph).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, for the mayor, so just seeing a little bit of the rhetoric kind of NYPD went out there and they were able to, you know, peacefully get out of there, they were in control. But there were some students that really saved some vile things (INAUDIBLE) college students, what do you have to say about some of that rhetoric on campus?ADAMS: It's very troubling. When you protest, protesting for peace, you should not be using inflammatory comments like we saw, it was very vile some of the comments that were made, and our institutions I believe should use this moment as a teaching moment.But what happened when our offices were surrounded, and some of the terminologies that were used, it is in really contrast to stating we want to bring about a peaceful resolution or expression of our concerns here in the city.Using hateful terms that we use is not a reflection of standing up for what one believes they're fighting for.BAIER: Mayor Eric Adams at this news conference. Again, 108 protesters arrested including the daughter of Congresswoman Ilhan Omar was arrested for trespassing. This was a request by the university president of Columbia University in a letter to NYPD suggesting that there was a clear and present danger that they were seeing, there was not violence in these arrests, no injuries. 108 people arrested and you heard the mayor there saying that there was a lot of rhetoric used, violent rhetoric, but no violence in those arrest. We'll continue to monitor all these protests around the country. There have been a lot of them in recent days.Meantime, the house staged a vote today condemning Iran following its attacks on Israel last weekend. At the White House, the Biden administration is announcing new sanctions on the Islamic Republic of Iran.Correspondent Griff Jenkins is there tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Griff.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The administration says it's taking sweeping actions against Iran's drone program, one of the country's largest steel producers and automobile companies with ties to the IRGC.In a White House statement, President Biden says this, let it be clear to all those who enable or supported Iran's attacks. The United States is committed to Israel's security. We are committed to the security of our personnel and partners in the region and we will not hesitate to take all necessary action to hold you accountable.But it's unclear, Bret, how sweeping these new sanctions will be. Iran's oil industry, which is exporting more oil, than at any time in the past six years in boosting its economy by $35 billion per year was not targeted. Republicans continue to criticize Biden over sanction waivers, some of which began under the previous administration.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. MICHAEL BURGESS (R-TX): Because financial appeasement of Iran has added fuel to the fire, his administration reissued a sanctions waiver and renewed again last month, they gave Iran access to more than $10 billion.JENKINS (voice-over): Earlier today, U.S. and Israeli security counterparts met virtually to discuss Iran's planned Rafah offensive in Gaza.We're told the two sides agreed on the shared objective of defeating Hamas in Rafah and that the U.S. team led by Jake Sullivan expressed concerns over various courses of actions.(END VIDEOTAPE)JENKINS (on camera): And as you mentioned at the other end of Pennsylvania, the House voting to formally condemn Iran for its attack on Israel. 14 members voted against it. One, a Republican Thomas Massie, Bret.BAIER: Griff Jenkins is live on the North Lawn. Griff, thanks.Up next, we'll talk to Virginia Democratic Senator Tim Kaine about the work ahead for Congress and those anti-Israel protests across the nation. Up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): I'm concerned Israel may not -- may not pass through the Senate right now. If it's not included in the package, we really want that to be in the final product. And if we separate them, then then none of our priorities will be reflected.REP. MARK POCAN (D-WI): A lot number of progressives vote against I think Israel funding. I mean, if there are no conditions to protect more innocent people.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So, let's talk about the challenges facing Congress when it comes to this foreign aid package. Also the anti-Semitic protests and other protests across the country.Joining us, Virginia Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, Senator, thanks for joining us.SEN. TIM KAINE (D-VA): You bet, Bret, glad to be with you.BAIER: How do you see everything right now with the House moving forward and paint the picture for us from your view?KAINE: Bret, as you know, the Senate acted about two months ago on this aid package that was basically three elements. It was defense aid to Israel, well, maybe four elements. Defense aid to Israel, defense aid to Ukraine, humanitarian aid to Ukraine and Gaza. And then some Indo Pacific defense aid. We put those four elements into one bill, Senate to the House.It looks like what the house is going to do. And I'm really excited that they are now taking this up, because we've been really urging them to, is there going to take them up as four different bills, there's going to be an Israel defense bill, a Ukraine bill that will -- that will have Ukraine both defense and humanitarian aid, and an Indo-pacific bill. And then the House is going to do a fourth bill that will have things like TikTok, sanctions against Iran, some matters that were not in the original Senate bill. They are going to vote on those beginning on Saturday. I think you will see the House possibly embrace all four of these bills. And by rule they will then combine them into one. We'll come back next week in the Senate and work to get it to President Biden's desk. And --BAIER: And President Biden -- and President Biden is optimistic as well. He has got this statement out saying he strongly supports this package. The House must pass the package this week. The Senate should quickly follow. I'll sign it into law "immediately to send a message to the world, we send with our friends, and we won't let Iran or Russia succeed."Senator Sanders had a different thought. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): The Democratic base wants to stop funding for Netanyahu's war. So if your question, is it going to hurt the president unless he turns this around? Yes, it will.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Do you think it hurts the president politically?KAINE: You know, Bret, I'm not sure about when Senator Sanders made that statement, but I suspect he made it before the Iranian attack on Israel. They fired drones and missiles in the hundreds at Israel.BAIER: Yes, it was April 2nd.KAINE: And the delicate challenge right now is a delicate one. We want to provide Israel with the capacity to defend itself against those who would annihilate it. And that's Hamas. And that is Hezbollah, and that's Iran, and that's militias in Iraq and Syria.At the same time, we also want to do what we can to minimize civilian suffering. And that's why this bill, when we sent it out of the Senate, it had significant humanitarian aid for Gaza as well. You also see that Israel has reopened the Erez border crossing. Much more humanitarian aid has been coming into Gaza. We have been pushing on that for months. The pace hasn't made us happy, but at least not it's picking up, and the World Food Program under the leadership of Cindy McCain noticed this yesterday.So we are trying to find this balance. But I suspect what you will see is what you saw when the Senate acted on this bill in February, very strong support from the Democratic side. We were 48 to three for this bill in February. The Republicans were 22 to 27. I would suspect we might even get more Republican votes when this bill comes back to the Senate.BAIER: What do you make of all these protests around the country? When you see these images, they seem to be coordinated. I can't pin that down to where they are coordinated by or who. There are even protests outside your hotel. What do you think -- what do you think about it, and how do you read it?KAINE: Bret, the way, it's a heartbreaking situation, and people have really strong emotions about it. Now, what I don't like is when people take out their emotions you know against one another for something that's happening thousands of miles away. But it is a very emotional thing, particularly for anybody who has family in the region.So I spent a lot of time talking to hostage families. And because obviously we have hostages who are Americans, and one has a connection to Richmond. They are heartbroken. And then I know people who are Palestinian that have family on the West Bank or family in Gaza that are not Hamas members and that are suffering. So I think when you have a situation that has this level of emotion to it, then there's going to be challenges and protests. I don't know about them being organized, but I just think it's a heartbreaking situation, and that's doing we're doing what we can to find a path toward de-escalation. But we do have to do the twin jobs and both defending Israel from those who would annihilate it, but also doing what we can minimize civilian suffering.BAIER: Senator Kaine, we appreciate your time.KAINE: Absolutely.BAIER: You're always welcome back on SPECIAL REPORT.KAINE: Good to be with you.BAIER: Breaking tonight out of the United Nations, the U.S. has vetoed a widely backed United Nations resolution that would have paved the way for full membership state of Palestine. The vote in the 15-member Security Council was 12 in favor. The U.S. opposed. There were two abstentions. This the second Palestinian attempt to become a full member of the United Nations.Up next, opposition to Israel has cost more than two dozen Google employees their jobs. We'll tell you how.And as we head to break, Allman Brothers Band co-founder Dickey Betts has died. The legendary guitarist wrote the band's biggest hit, "Ramblin' Man." The Allman Brothers Band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995. Betts died at his home in Florida after a yearlong battle with cancer. Dickey Betts was 80.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Participation in anti-Israel activities has cost several workers at Google their jobs. They have been fired after joining demonstrations at the company's offices over its ties to Israel. Correspondent Bill Melugin has specifics tonight from Los Angeles.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CROWD: Goole, Google, you can't hide.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We charge you with genocide.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: More than two dozen pro-Palestinian Google employees are out of a job today, terminated for their involvement in anti-Israel sit-in protests at the company's offices in California and New York on Tuesday.During the sit-ins, which lasted 10 hours, employees occupied executive offices, protesting Google's ties with Israel, specifically a $1.2 billion Google Cloud program called Nimbus which provides computing and A.I. services to the Israel government and military. Those protests first led to arrests and now some mass firings.In an internal note obtained by "The New York Post" Google announced the firing of 28 staffers for taking part in the protests, saying, in part, quote, "They took over office spaces, defaced our property, and physically impeded the work of other Googlers. Their behavior was unacceptable, extremely disruptive, and made co-workers feel threatened."The protesters were associated with a group called No Tech for Apartheid made up of Google and Amazon employees. They responded in part, quote, "Google is terrified of us. Google is terrified of workers calling for accountability and transparency from our bosses. These mass illegal firings will not stop us. They only fuel the organic growth of this movement."(END VIDEO TAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Bret, protesters and critics say that Nimbus technology can be weaponized against Palestinians in Gaza. But Google denies that and says Nimbus is not assisting Israel with any weapons or intelligence services. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: Bill, thank you.Attorneys for the man accused of killing four university of Idaho students say cell phone records can provide him with an alibi. The defense team for Bryan Kohberger maintains he was on a nighttime drive when the massacre took place. Correspondent Dan Springer has the latest from Kirkland, Washington.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DAN SPRINGER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: In the latest Idaho court filing, accused quadruple murderer Bryan Kohberger said he could not be the campus killer because he was stargazing. His attorney Anne Taylor writing, "Mr. Kohberger was out driving in the early morning hours of November 13th, 2022, as he often did to hike and run and/or see the moon and stars. He drove throughout the area south of Pullman, Washington, and west of Moscow, Idaho."It's the back half of the route police say Kohberger took as he returned to his apartment after brutally stabbing to death four students in their sleep, and it's based on his phone pinging cell towers along the way. His alibi says there's no evidence Kohberger's phone was near the scene at the time of the 4:00 a.m. murders. Former detective and defense witness Sy Ray, who has a true crime YouTube show, will testify on Kohberger's behalf.But prosecutors argue the reason is simple -- Kohberger just turned his phone off the two hours around the murders. What prosecutors do have is video of a car matching Kohberger's leaving the murder scene, and the same vehicle later back at Washington State University where Kohberger was getting his doctorate in criminology. Also, according to police, Kohberger's phone was near the murder scene just after 9:00 a.m. that morning hours before police were called.But the biggest hurdle for defense attorneys will be convincing jurors to dismiss a knife sheath with his DNA found next to one of the victims.TED WILLIAMS, FORMER D.C. HOMICIDE DETECTIVE: If they feel you are trying to insult their intelligence, they're going to come down very hard on Bryan Kohberger. The evidence itself is overwhelming.(END VIDEO TAPE)SPRINGER (on camera): No trial date has been set, but in late June, Kohberger's attorneys will argue for a change of venue, saying that he can't get a fair trial in Latah County. Bret?BAIER: Dan, thank you.There's some encouraging news tonight for children suffering from certain types of cancer. Scientists are evaluating more than 100 medications for treating difficult and recurring cases. Correspondent Jonathan Serrie shows us from Atlanta tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DIANA JENNER, MOTHER: When you find out your child has cancer nothing else matters.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Diana Jenner's three-year-old son Logan underwent three rounds of chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant only to see his acute myeloid leukemia relapse at the age of five.DIANA AZZAM, FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY: When cancers return, doctors usually have a challenge in selecting treatments. It's like entering this gigantic maize.SERRIE: Researchers at Florida International University believe they found a way to eliminate some of the trial and error in cancer treatment. Combining DNA analysis with extensive drug testing, the scientists say they are able to see within days how small samples of a patient's living cancer cells respond to numerous potential treatments.AZZAM: We tested over 120 FDA approved drugs directly on the patient's cancer cells, and we did that within a week.SERRIE: The lab collaborated with Logan's doctor to identify treatments that worked and eliminate those that did not.DR. MAGGIE FADER, NICKLAUS CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL: One of his medications is very toxic to the heart. And what our testing showed us was that the regimen without that medication worked just as well with the tumor cells as it did with it.SERRIE: In a peer reviewed pediatric study only published in "Nature Medicine," only one of eight participants with advanced relapsed cancers saw improved health with standard treatment. But of the six children receiving treatments by the FIU lab, five improved, including Logan, now eight years old and cancer free for more than two years.JENNER: I don't think my son would be here without this study.(END VIDEO TAPE)SERRIE (on camera): Although the small FIU study focused on children, researchers say their method also works in adults. They're conducting ongoing human trials with Cleveland Clinic. Bret?BAIER: Jonathan Serrie in Atlanta. Jonathan, thanks.Up next, the panel on the new FOX polls of key battle ground states, where things stand on the campaign. And later, the great one says goodbye, a little history lesson.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Donald Trump's vision is one of anger, hate, revenge, and retribution. And he calls for another bloodbath when he loses again.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Biden is the worst president in the history of our country. He has destroyed our country, between the borders and everything else.MICHAEL WHATLEY, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: The fact that the Democrats right now are trying to shore up the Democratic base for Joe Biden shows you that he is playing defense. President Trump is playing offense.GOV. JOSH SHAPIRO (D-PA): Let's not forget, Joe Biden won the presidency last time, and he won Pennsylvania, and he won union households.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, with the back and forth today, we have new FOX polls in key swing states, as we showed you earlier in the show. Former President Trump up in Georgia, up in Michigan, tied in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. Still margin of error in Michigan, but up in Georgia.If you look at adding RFK Jr. as an independent candidate to the mix, they do change a little bit, the numbers do. Pennsylvania changes up to for Trump, and then Wisconsin goes the other way for President Biden. Then, you look at the issues, voters trust President Biden more on abortion but former President Trump more on foreign policy, economy, and immigration. And you can see those numbers there.With that, we'll start there with our panel, Leslie Marshall, Democratic strategist, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, and Kimberley Strassel, a member of the editorial board at "The Wall Street Journal."Guy, you look at these numbers, essentially it's a tight race in the key state. There hasn't been move movement, a little movement, but not much.GUY BENSON, POLITICAL EDITOR, TOWNHALL.COM: Yes, when you compare our new FOX numbers, Bret, to the Real Clear Politics average, it's basically no daylight. These are more of the same, sort of a continuity in the numbers. The one thing that's interesting to me is when you break it out, not just the head-to-head but you include RFK Jr. He announced with his campaign that they apparently got access to the ballot in Michigan, which is significant. Of course, the Kennedy family coming out in force to endorse Biden today. That's an interesting subplot here.The conventional wisdom is, excuse me, that RFK's presence on the ticket or on the ballot, rather, would benefit Donald Trump and hurt Joe Biden. That is true in two of the states in our poll, but in the other two it actually helps Biden's margin a little bit. So, it's all within a point or two. But that's an interesting note to keep an eye on. It's not quite as clean cut, at least right now, as a lot of people would suggest.BAIER: Yes, that's right. And Leslie, RFK Jr.'s sister Kerry was on with that endorsement today. Let's take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KERRY KENNEDY: Nobody competes with President Biden when it comes to carrying on the legacies of John Kennedy and Robert Kennedy and Ted Kennedy. We love Bobby and we like him. But that's not what this race is about. This race is -- Donald Trump is an existential threat to our country and to our world.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: RFK Jr. with a statement on the members of his family endorsing Biden today, saying, "I hear some of my family will be endorsing President Biden today. I'm pleased they are politically active. It's a family tradition. We are divided in our opinions but united in our love for each other. I hold this as a possibility for America, too. Can we disagree without hating our opponents? Can we restore civility and respect to public discourse? I think we can."He definitely factors in, now in nine states on the ballot, including Michigan, which is key. Leslie?LESLIE MARSHALL, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: You know, we have seen this historically, Bret, not with the Kennedy clan, but we certainly saw it with Ralph Nader, right? At the beginning, people were eyerolling, don't take him seriously. And when you break the numbers down in exit polling, obviously, if he wasn't there, a lot of people say that Al Gore would have been our president instead of George Bush.Whenever you have a third-party candidate that gains traction, it's still early in the game, believe it or not, still a lifetime away as much as it is just around the corner. To Guy's point, it benefits Donald Trump in some states, it benefits Joe Biden in other states.With respect to the 15 family members who endorsed President Biden, I know people get mad when I say this, but I don't put any weight in endorsements. I really just don't see that putting somebody over the finish line, whether Democrat or Republican, no matter how big a name or last name those endorsements come from.BAIER: Meantime, Kimberley, a lawyer -- or the jurors, rather, 12 jurors have been selected and sworn in, seated. "Reuters" says "Opening statements could take place Monday" in this case, the Trump hush money case in New York. "Justice Juan Merchan, the judge overseeing the trial, earlier in the day judge dismissed a juror who said she felt intimidated that some personal information was made public. The judge also accused another juror after prosecutors said he may not have disclosed prior brushes with the law." Here is the former president on this process.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I'm supposed to be in New Hampshire. I'm supposed to be in Georgia. I'm supposed to be in North Carolina and South Carolina. I'm supposed to be a lot of different places campaigning. But I have been here all day on a trial that really is a very unfair trial.We've got a crooked president. He should be on trial with all the stuff he's done and his family.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And prosecutors, Kimberley, say that the former president has violated the gag order seven more times. What do you make of this, how it affects him politically?KIMBERLEY STRASSEL, "WALL STREET JOURNAL": Yes, I think you can tie it back to those FOX News polls you just put up, Bret. A couple of those were also done back in January and February. And the thing that struck me is that nothing has really changed in the numbers very much. And that's striking not just because Joe Biden is now out actively campaigning, and it doesn't seem to be making a difference.But because, remember, the whole goal of the left with all of these prosecutions against Donald Trump was to tar him and tarnish him in the eyes of voters and try to pull away votes from him. This trial is now ongoing. And what we're seeing from the media fascination with it this week is it's keeping him very much in the news. I know he was complaining there that he couldn't go out and campaign, but he is getting plenty of headlines. And it certainly does not seem to be hurting him among the people that he needs to come out and vote for him. That could change depending on whether or not there is a conviction, but right now, this is not working for Democrats the way that they had hoped it would.BAIER: Yes, Guy, it's interesting that there is a lot of talk about threat to democracy. We've talked many times about former administration officials from the Trump administration that have a problem with the former president, either have said they are not going to vote for him, his vice president said that, others have talked about that. But it seems now that some of them are coming home. Here's Bill Barr today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIAM BARR, FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL: Given two bad choices, I think it's my duty to pick the person I think would do the least harm to the country. And in my mind, I will vote the Republican ticket. The real danger to democracy, as I say, is the progressive agenda. And while Trump -- and I said Trump may be playing Russian roulette, but a continuation of the Biden administration is national suicide.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And we'll see if there are more, Guy, but that's an interesting statement from Bill Barr.BENSON: Yes, and our colleague here, Marc Thiessen, who was a speechwriter, of course, for President George W. Bush, he made a similar case on my radio show yesterday, saying if you look at a threat to institutions and democracy, the greater threat is on the left. And he makes the case that if you look at the way they go after the Supreme Court and the filibuster and other things that they have in their sights, that would do a lot more damage.And the big difference being when Trump offers different affronts to the system, he is resisted aggressively, often by the media and other institutions. When the left is attacking the system, often they have cheerleaders in the press corps. That's one difference that I think a lot of right leaning people internalize.BAIER: Last word here, I only have 30 seconds, Leslie, but sometimes, do you think that by going overboard in the anti-Trump push, that it brings people home on the other side?MARSHALL: Yes, it definitely sparks a flame to those supporters and those who feel that he is being victimize and attacked by Democrats. But I would just say to my buddy, Marc, and to Bill Barr, sorry, the polls don't agree with you. The majority of people trust Joe Biden when it comes to preserving democracy over Donald Trump.BAIER: OK. Panel, thanks a lot.Finally, tonight, today's throwback. It was a quarter century ago today that the great one took the ice for the last time. Wayne Gretzky, widely known as the greatest hockey player of all of times, holds or shares 61 NHL records, including most goals with 894, most points with 2,857. Gretzky entered the league in 1979 with the Edmonton Oilers where he would win four Stanley Cups. After playing with the Los Angeles Kings from 1988 to 1996, Gretzky's storied career came to a close on this day, April 18th, 1999, with the New York Rangers. We have a lot of hockey fans, and now the playoffs. It'll be fun.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, the TikTok bill is moving forward despite heavy lobbying. We'll bring you that.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.