JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Use these, they are called idiots.And the way you avoid wrinkles, Laura is because if you're drinking one of these, nobody is inviting you outside the house to hang out. That's it. So there is no shock.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's it's.Jimmy hits the Stanley.Jimmy, thanks so much. Great to see you.Remember it's Jesse next. Follow me on social media. Fun little video before the show tonight. Check --JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It is a rigged trial, our courts -- everything is screwed up in New York and the whole world is watching and also there is no crime, this is all politics.This is coming out of the White House.WATTERS: A runaway jury in New York City.(PEOPLE chanting "We love Trump.")UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That' spart of the reason that I got into drug dealing in the first place. It is a (bleep) you to society and every time you get away with selling drugs, you've beaten society.WATTERS: The "Get It Together" series continues.("OLD SCHOOL" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)FRANK, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: So what do you guys like better, nurse or cheerleader?NICOLE, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Nice doll you have there.FRANK: Yes, thanks, she's okay.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Fake girlfriends and what it means to be a man.("OLD SCHOOL" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)FRANK: Bye.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Plus.JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: Why are you here?(UNIDENTIFIED MALE speaking in foreign language.)WATTERS: Fox News Alert: It is day two of Democrats putting Trump on trial for a crime they can't name. Over half of the jury has already been selected. We already know a lot about them and it is hysterical.Before we tell you about them, remember that this is a Manhattan jury. It went 87 percent for Biden, and the judge who is overseeing the selection process is a Biden donor whose family was paid by the Biden campaign.Yesterday 50 white women wearing masks fled the courtroom claiming they couldn't be fair to Trump. Anyone wearing a mask at this point is not an impartial juror. Here's one White woman who works in cybersecurity who was excused.Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Did you say you could be unbiased though?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I did. It's very difficult for anyone really in this country to not come to this with prior opinions. I think we all have prior opinions about the defendant unless you've been like living in a cardboard box.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Show me a juror who says they can be unbiased towards Trump and I'll show you a liar. That's why we don't have political trials in America. Fairness is impossible.Trump's legal team was given the names of potential jurors, and after Googling them discovered there were undercover activists trying to sneak onto the jury.One juror couldn't recall any anti-Trump feeling. But when the defense showed him the receipts, he admitted he posted on social media: "Donald Trump should be locked up."Another juror said he didn't remember posting anything bad about Trump. And then when shown the evidence conceded the posting a picture that says: "Trump invites Thai boys to the White House. Thai boys request to return to cage."Those two radical liberals got caught lying to the court and we're almost seated on the jury. This is what Trump has to deal with.Yesterday, Clay Travis was criticized for suggesting Trump supporters get on the jury. So far seven jurors have been seated. Here's what we know about them. The foreman, juror number one. He's a salesman from Harlem, who was born in Ireland. He used to be a waiter, didn't finish college and likes anything outdoorsy.He is married with no kids, his wife's in school. He gets his news from "The New York Times," "The Daily Mail," and some Fox News and MSNBC.Never met anybody who watches both Fox and MSNBC, but okay, that guy is your jury foreman. Juror number two, a nurse from the Upper East Side with a master's degree. She's not married, has no kids and lives with her fiance, who works in finance. She gets her news from "The New York Times," Google, and CNN. She said two things that really stuck out one, "I don't really have an opinion of Trump," and "no one is above the law." I'm not so sure about juror number two.Juror number three is a young Asian lawyer from Oregon. His corporate law firm features DEI on its homepage. He is single, lives in Chelsea and was wearing a purple jacket. Okay. He claims he's not super familiar with Trump's other charges. He likes to hike and run and gets his news from "The New York Times," "The Wall Street Journal," and Google.Juror number four is a Puerto Rican who finds Trump fascinating and mysterious. "He walks into a room and he sets people off one way or the other I find that really interesting that this one guy can do all of this. Wow."The guy was actually born in Puerto Rico, lives on the Lower East Side now and works in IT. He is married and he has grandkids. Wife's a writer, previously served on a jury but says he doesn't remember the verdict. He gets his news from "The New York Daily News," "The New York Times" and Google, anyway.Juror number five: A Black woman in her 20s who doesn't follow the news and didn't know Trump was facing charges, any charges anywhere. She lives in Harlem. She's a teacher, she's not married, has no kids and lives with her brother who is a basketball coach. She gets her news from Google and TikTok. She also listens to Charlamagne tha God.Juror number six is a woman in her 20s who works for Disney. She made the courtroom laugh because she wanted to know if the trial would be over before September because she's a bridesmaid in her sister's wedding. She's not married, has no kids and likes to dance. She lives with three roommates and gets her news from "The New York Times," Google, Facebook and of course TikTok and says she doesn't have strong feelings about Trump one way or the other. Okay.Juror number seven is a middle aged balding White guy with a tan. He lives on the Upper East Side and you guessed it, another lawyer whose firm is big into DEI and ESG. He's originally from North Carolina, married with two kids and his wife works at a bank. He gets his news from "The New York Times," "The Journal," "The New York Post," "The Washington Post" and he listens to NPR.So that's the jury of Trump's peers so far. The fate of a billionaire real estate tycoon TV celebrity turned 45th President of the United States is in the hands of New York City lawyers, teachers and Disney workers who like to dance and get their news from "The Times," but swear they can be impartial.Let's bring in Fox News contributor, Charlie Hurt.Charlie, I think at this point, we can say it's not going to be an acquittal. They think the most Trump can hope for is a hung jury with one person holding on.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Look, that's all we're looking for here. The fate of the country, the fate of our entire political system rests on and I'm going to put all -- basically all of my hopes on the immigrant from Ireland and the Puerto Rican. I think they're our best shots at like saving American democracy.And my biggest concern, of course, is that that five of the seven, read "The New York Times," which is deeply alarming. Also concerning is how many of these people call themselves outdoorsy, and they like to hike, and they live in Manhattan. They're doing it wrong. That's not where you live if you're outdoorsy, and you like to hike.WATTERS: Yes.HURT: But I have to say that when you look at all of the people involved in this thing, this raft of people, even the people that are kind of ridiculous, like the software engineer from Walt Disney, who -- and a number of them I'm very doubtful that they're being honest about it.WATTERS: Yes.HURT: But they're better than having the fate in the hands of Alvin Bragg, I will say that.WATTERS: That is true. Also concerning is the nurse of the Upper East Side with a master's degree. And the two DEI corporate litigators who claim they haven't really been following the case.Okay, let's move on. Joy Reid --HURT: Yes, I get it. I get it.WATTERS: Yes, go ahead. Go ahead.HURT: No, I mean, I get it. You can't swing a dead cat in New York City and not hit a lawyer. Why do you have lawyers on jurors? I would never let a lawyer on any jury of mine, but that's just me.WATTERS: I mean, that's just you. You're not a jury consultant, although you should be because you'd probably be better than most of them.Joy Reid said there's poetic justice that DEI is taking down Donald Trump. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Donald Trump is being held to account by the very multicultural, multiracial democracy that he is trying to dismantle. And for me, there's something poetic and actually wonderful about that.It says something good about our country that we're still capable of having that happen. Go DEI. My DEIs are bringing it home.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Go DEI.HURT: Look, we can make fun of her, but you have to hand it to her. She lives what she preaches. Wearing a Trump wig on TV every single night if that's not DEI, don't know what is, so kudos to her.WATTERS: I mean that's cultural appropriation, but I'm not that sensitive.HURT: It is that. It is that. It is highly offensive in that regard.WATTERS: Charlie Hurt, I cannot --HURT: But it is diversity.WATTERS: I can't wait to find out who the next jurors are tomorrow. It's just going to be great. Guarantee, there is another lawyer. Guarantee it.All right, we'll see.HURT: I pray for another Puerto Rican and another Irish immigrant.WATTERS: It's all -- it's all we can hope for at this point. Thank you, Charlie Hurt.HURT: Yep.WATTERS: So Trump arrived at the courtroom earlier this morning and said this before he went inside.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I called -- I was paying a lawyer and marked it down as a legal expense, some accounting. I didn't know, mark it down as a legal expense. That's exactly what it was and you get indicted over that?I should be right now in Pennsylvania and Florida. In many other states, North Carolina, Georgia -- campaigning. This is all coming from the Biden White House because the guy can't put two sentences together.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The judge today yelled at Trump for mumbling audibly during jury selection and told him to knock it off.District Attorney Alvin Bragg begged the judge to hold Trump in contempt and asked him to fine him three grand for violating his gag order. Trump had posted that the trial was corrupt. Oops, can't do that. And for the second day in a row, reporters caught Trump dozing off.Wake me up when I'm acquitted.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: Front page of multiple news outlets today coming out of this that Trump appeared to fall asleep on the first day of his trial.JON STEWART, "THE DAILY SHOW" HOST: Imagine committing so many crimes, you get bored at your own trial.CHRIS HAYES, MSNBC HOST: The optics of all this and the sustained eye resting that apparently happened in the courtroom.I mean, I do feel like if you call your opponent Sleepy Joe, you have one job.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Stay awake.HAYES: For the rest of the campaign.JIMMY KIMMEL, "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" HOST: This little gem, Trump appears to be sleeping, his head keeps dropping down and his mouth goes slack.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: After Trump woke up and found out who the seven jurors were, NPR listening DEI lawyers, he went uptown to Harlem to visit a famous bodega. This was the place where Alvin Bragg charged the owner with murder just for merely defending himself during a robbery.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This is all politics. This is coming out of the White House. And you know, it makes me campaign locally and that's okay.(INCOMPREHENSIBLE CONVERSATION)(PEOPLE chanting "We love Trump.")TRUMP: You know what? I don't think so. I think we're doing better, Brian. We're doing better now than we've ever done. So I think it's having a reverse effect.You know what? All I want is fairness. And these people have to be treated better. The Bodega Association -- bodegas because every week they are being robbed two, three times, it's crazy. It's crazy.And you know what? The police can do it, they can stop it. But they have to be allowed to do their job.We will make it a big play for New York, other cities too. But this city, I love this city. And it's gotten so bad in the last three years, four years and we're going to straighten New York out.(PEOPLE chanting "Trump.")(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Wow, they're chanting "Trump" in Harlem. Let that sink in.Meanwhile, President Biden went to Scranton, his so-called hometown to spew hoaxes because he thinks you're too stupid to read.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He learned that paying taxes is something people who work for living did, not him. He learned that telling him people you're fired was something to laugh about.Listen to what he says. He says, "I'll be dictator on day one." "I am your retribution."Promises "a bloodbath."Suckers and losers, he said it. Who the hell does he think he is?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Former Speaker Kevin McCarthy joins me now. So Trump goes to the bodega. And they're chanting four more years. What does that tell you?KEVIN MCCARTHY (R), FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: It tells you that this is probably going to backfire on the Democrats. I mean, if this was a Hollywood movie, you wouldn't believe the script. Think for one moment, let's design a movie.You're president of the United States, your policies are so bad, you can't run on your economic policy, your foreign policy or your border policy. So let's come up with a plan. Let's try your opponent. But let's take away his First Amendment rights and say, we care about democracy, but we'll give him none.But let's try him not by a jury of his peers. Let's pick the second best county in the entire nation where you've got the most Democratic votes in your last election. And then let's make sure he can't campaign and you still lose as that opponent, President Trump goes out simply to a bodega and the American public chant "We love Trump. Four more years."WATTERS: It shows weakness. Stephen A sees it. Let's listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHEN A. SMITH, ESPN HOST: To my liberal friends out there, all you're doing is showing that you're scared you can't beat him on the issues and the merits that's why he keeps saying it's a political campaign against me.Tens of millions of people see what extent the other side is willing to go through just to keep him out of office because they can beat them on their own merits. Everything you do shows me, you can't beat them. It's a damn shame.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I mean, it's just like a relationship. You don't like someone who's desperate, do you?MCCARTHY: You do not and think about it. Biden tries to campaign because he's concerned about democracy. And he's denying democracy. First, he sues to try to make sure Trump can't be on the ticket, then he goes and tries to put him in court.And every action he has taken, President Trump's numbers have only grown. Why? Because it reminds the American public. You know, under President Trump, we had a secure border. We didn't evacuate five embassies. We didn't collapse in Afghanistan. We didn't have war around the world. Putin never invaded anybody else. This is going to backfire on them simply because the American public is too smart. And that was a great quote that you just heard him talk about.But the part I love is, everywhere the president goes when he's down in Atlanta, you have people running up to him, just hugging him from every walk of life, and it's driving the Democrats crazy. So he'll probably get indicted tomorrow as well.WATTERS: Right. I mean, these indictments really backfire. And Kevin McCarthy, everybody. Thanks so much for joining us.MCCARTHY: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Migrants, fake girlfriends, and elephants on the run.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Remember, whistleblower, Uri Berliner, who went public and came clean about how NPR doesn't do journalism anymore? It's just a DNC propaganda against Trump. Well, the new NPR CEO suspended him without pay. But what do we know about this new NPR CEO, Katherine Maher.She has got the perfect resume. In 2016, she criticized Hillary for not being woke enough: "I do wish Hillary wouldn't use the language of boy and girl. It's a erasing language for nonbinary people."In 2018, she declared that Trump is a racist and she did it again in 2020. During the summer of Love, she called all White people racist. And then capped the year off showing how excited she was to vote for Biden.That's who NPR hired as CEO. Not only is she an avid lib, she's a liar. She gave a whole TED talk about working for Wikipedia, and talked about how important different perspectives are.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATHERINE MAHER, NPR, CEO: These are some of the best articles on Wikipedia. And many of them are written by people who fundamentally disagree with one another. They also found something interesting, which is that the more that these polarized contributors engaged in conversation, the more balanced and productive their contributions became.I knew instinctively this is true, because I've seen how productive friction can really get us places. How mistakes and debate actually brings people into the conversation.You don't sit back when you disagree with someone because engaging offers you the chance to shape the public record. Through that process, ideas become sharper, better, and more understandable.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Berliner claims NPR is newsroom had a ratio of 87 Democrats to zero Republicans. Doesn't sound like much debates going on there.Manhattan Institute Senior Fellow, Chris Rufo joins me now.Rufo, you got in trouble. They said you are targeting her. How dare you?CHRISTOPHER RUFO, SENIOR FELLOW, MANHATTAN INSTITUTE: Yes, that's right. I've spent the last day or two digging through her tweets to show people exactly what she believes. It is actually incredible.I mean, it is the most vapid, left-wing propaganda imaginable. She's been at it for years. She's a supporter of BLM. She believes in the pseudoscience of White privilege and White fragility. She criticizes her own whiteness.I mean, it's like Mad Libs for left wing women and she is doing it all in real time, and somehow, by showing what she herself has written, I'm supposedly targeting her.I'm not exactly sure how that works.WATTERS: Yes, targeting, you mean noticing things other people said. Her resume is also Mad Libs. I mean, Atlantic Council, Wikipedia. It's almost like she's been laundered through every left wing organization in America.RUFO: Yes, that's exactly right. I mean, if you were to set out to say we want a hyper left wing female executive of NPR and you had a laboratory where you could create such a person, it would turn out exactly like this. It's the golden resume. It's the language. It's the concepts. It's everything.There's nothing original here. It's really vapid ideology that is passed around elite institutions. But what's beautiful about this is that she left this paper trail for more than a decade. So American taxpayers who are funding her salary, in part can actually look to see what these people really believe, to see what they're saying when they believe that no one's looking.She's now being held to the fire. She's losing even the support of "the New York Times," which has been running critical stories about her leadership at NPR. This is a tipping point. I'm not sure how long she's going to last.WATTERS: All right, Chris Rufo, you seem to be the only one noticing things aka targeting other people. You've noticed some very important things about the Harvard president, now the CEO of NPR, could you please continue to notice things? Because apparently, you're the only one who notices anything in the media.RUFO: Yes, well, I think a lot of people notice it, but few people have the courage to say it. I've always believed that we have to tell the truth. We have to expose what our opponents believe and then trust that the American people will make the right decision in the end.WATTERS: All right, trust the American people -- what a novel concept. Chris Rufo, thanks so much.RUFO: Thank you.WATTERS: Johnny talks to Biden's migrants.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Yesterday, pro-Hamas protesters shut down bridges and highways chanted "Death to America" and set the American flag on fire(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: America falls today. America falls now.America will forever fall.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: What do Democrats think about all this?Hillary Vaughn confronted them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY VAUGHN, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Anti-Israel protesters blocking the Brooklyn Bridge were burning the American flag and chanting "Death to America." Do you support that type of protest?Do you support burning the American flag and chanting "Death to America?"Does it sound like this is pro-Palestinian or anti-American if they're burning American flags and chanting "Death to America"?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm -- I'm not privy to -- to -- I haven't seen these reports. I'd have to check for them myself.VAUGHN: Anti-Israel protesters blocking the Brooklyn Bridge burned to the American flag and chanted "Death to America." Do you condemn this type of rhetoric?AIDE: We've got to get her on to your next event.VAUGHN: Are you okay with people burning the American flag?AIDE: If you'd like to follow up with us --VAUGHN: Are you okay with people chanting "Death to America"?AIDE: Sorry, we've got to head into the --VAUGHN: Congresswoman Porter, are you okay with people chanting "Death to America"? Is it okay? Do you not have a problem with it?AIDE: Happy to reach out here. Have a great day.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Today, House Republicans walked Articles of Impeachment against DHS Secretary Mayorkas down the hall to the Senate. It is the first time in 150 years a Cabinet Secretary has been impeached.Republicans are charging Mayorkas with willful and systemic refusal to comply with the law for his handling of the border or mishandling of it. The next step should be a full scale trial. But the Democrat Majority already said they're going to toss this thing in the garbage first chance they get.So the border is still open and Mayorkas still pretending he secured it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS (US Homeland Security secretary): With the resources and the authorities that we have been provided, it is as secure as we can make it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Don't buy that. Biden has more resources than any president in American history. They could close it tonight if they wanted to.Texas just arrested a 17-year-old serial smuggler. The teenage Mexican has been caught and released 96 times for drug trafficking, human trafficking, even exotic monkey smuggling.What did the Border Patrol do with the smuggled monkey? Probably gave it to Fauci.In New York, over a thousand African illegals swarmed City Hall. They wanted green cards, work permits, and apartments. We sent Johnny there to talk to them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: From Guinea.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am from Africa.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am from Mauritania.BELISARIO: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Guinea.BELISARIO: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I no speak English.BELISARIO: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I no speak English. No speak English.BELISARIO: Where do you sleep?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In shelter.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm living in shelter. I don't have -- I don't have money now. It's not nice shelter. We have so many problems in shelter, sometime the food they are giving us is not good for me.BELISARIO: What do you want?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I want help.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To get like work permit.BELISARIO: Do you like Joe Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. I love Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think he is a good president. He opened the door for us.BELISARIO: If Trump was president, do you think you'd be here right now?UNIDENTIFIED MALE:` No. No. He will not allow us to enter.BELISARIO: But Biden is?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump says all of these migrants are going to make New Yorkers vote for him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The migrants have taken over New York. You have 500,000 illegal migrants in New York. The people of New York are not going to take it. That's why they're going to vote for Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The "Get It Together" series continues with a former drug trafficker, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Fox News Alert: An elephant escaped from the circus in Montana. The elephant's name is Viola. She brought traffic to a screeching halt. The handler chasing her through the streets.We can report tonight Viola has been taken into custody by circus employees. And while nobody was hurt, it's rumored that Biden's Justice Department may charge the elephant with obstructing an official proceeding.But sources tell PRIMETIME before being captured that Viola did go number two on the nearby lawn.In my little old book, "Get It Together," people from all over the world opened up to me. They shared their life stories, their deepest secrets, but just because we finished the book doesn't mean the "Get It Together" series is over.Today, we are talking to a comedian. Before he was a comedian, he was a drug trafficker. Before he was a drug trafficker, he was just a college kid.Johnny Mitchell has been to Colombia, he's been to prison, and now he's been to PRIMETIME.Johnny Mitchell joins us now.So Johnny, how'd you go from college student to drug trafficker?JOHNNY MITCHELL, COMEDIAN: Yes, well, naturally, right. That's the progression of any American college kid. That was just the market. That's who's buying up drugs. Generally young people, it's people on college campuses. So, you know, it was just one of those things, every kid back in the 90s and 2000s sold weed. So I was no different. And I got into it at the University of Oregon, and I got good at it, and I just kept it going.And you know, by 2008-2009 I had shipped, I don't know, thousands of pounds through the US Mail all over the United States. So you know, it was quite an experience.WATTERS: What was that like when you first started getting involved in the Sinaloa Cartel?MITCHELL: Well, the first time I ever met these guys, I was massively hungover. I was like taking keg stands the night before. And then my buddy, he reminds me he's like, Dude, you might want to take it easy. We got to go meet Mexican drug traffickers tomorrow.And so I'm like, okay, okay. Yes.So we drive like 10 hours down I-5 Five from Eugene to this tiny little town in Northern California AND we went to some little dumpy motel room AMD we met these dudes. And I think we were buying 50 pounds, we had $100,000.00 in cash. And so that got us about 50 pounds of weed, $2,000.00 a pound.And I remember as they were counting the money and like getting to know us. I kept having to go to the bathroom to throw up. So I was like, dude, these guys probably think I'm wearing a wire. I'm adjusting it.WATTERS: So that went down and your parents had no idea you were doing this?MITCHELL: No, they knew. For sure.WATTERS: Your parents knew you were a drug dealer.MITCHELL: Yes, just not to this level, you know.WATTERS: And they didn't care?MITCHELL: No, of course, they cared. Of course, they care. But I was so far gone in the game. You know, I was so addicted to the money, which is far worse than you know, any addiction I had to alcohol or women or anything like that, but there was really nothing they could do.WATTERS: Okay, so when did it all end? When did you get arrested?MITCHELL: 2010, the fall of 2010. I was arrested by federal agents and the Portland Police Department, the Portland detectives.WATTERS: And you believe this experience in prison, drug trafficking, yakking with the Sinaloa Cartel. You believe this kind of gave you the comedy chops to be successful?MITCHELL: Well, when I was in prison, I actually started doing stand-up comedy. They would have these talent show nights in the cafeteria at the facility at the institution I was at the Oregon State Penitentiary.And if you put together enough good behavior, good time, once a month, you could go down and sign up to perform your talent. So it was like open mic night, and so I would get up there and I would try to be people laugh and I would just -- I started just roasting people and I would just -- I would just make fun of everybody and it was brutal.Like today, I would be canceled for this, like, from the outside looking at it was probably hate speech, but I was killing, killing, Jesse. And so I got the bug.So I got the -- I got the bug, because in there if you're trying to perform a talent, it's kill or get killed. So that gave me -- it they gave me like the first like kernel of an idea. I'm like, okay, maybe, maybe there's something more to this, you know, and I was like, I'm going to go to Hollywood. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to be a screenwriter and an actor and whatever, you know, other kinds of delusions I had.But my cellmate would come down, and he would see me doing these talent shows and just killing and he was doing life. He was never getting out. He was a shot caller for the Hells Angels, prison gang. And he goes, you should -- you should think about doing this comedy thing, and from then on, my mind was made up.WATTERS: Great advice.MITCHELL: Then I got out and then --WATTERS: And then great advice from the Hells Angels. You've gotten it together.MITCHELL: Yes, finally.WATTERS: Mitchell, any advice for people that still haven't really gotten it together?MITCHELL: Yes, you have time. You have time to get it together as long as you don't ruin your life irreparably. So you can't do drugs anymore. Fentanyl has ruined it. It's ruined. Cocaine fun, I'm sorry. That's just the way it is. You can't do drugs anymore.You can't do life in prison. You can't end up dead, but short of that, short of disaster, mistakes are okay they're necessary.WATTERS: We are glad you got it together. Listen --MITCHELL: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Words from the wise: There's still time.MITCHELL: Appreciate it buddy.WATTERS: All right, man. Take care.MITCHELL: Take care.WATTERS: Fake girlfriends and the American Dream. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Back in the day, the worst thing about having an imaginary girlfriend was when your friends found out.("MARRIED WITH CHILDREN" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Monique wants to go upstairs. Later, gators.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Oh bud. But now, because of artificial intelligence people are going public with their imaginary girlfriends.A recent survey found that one in five Americans have flirted with a robot. AI girlfriends are predicted to be a $1 billion a year business. Whatever happened in meeting a girl at a bar or having your friend set you up? The internet is giving us a zillion options. It's a fantasy land.We have a dangerous combination of big tech high, standards, and low confidence. Thanks to social media everyone compares themselves to supermodels when before you just compared yourself to the people in your own town.Constantly scrolling drops guys confidence and girls are incentivized to objectify themselves. What do we have? A generation a young men too scared to even use a pickup line.Host of "The First Date Podcast," Lauren Compton joins us now. Lauren --LAUREN COMPTON, PODCAST HOST: Hey, Jesse. How are you?WATTERS: I am great, but also confused. Why are guys dating AI girlfriends?COMPTON: I don't know. I think that there's some pros and cons to it. Like on one hand, an AI girlfriend is perfect. But on the other hand, you're cuddling with a laptop. Or you're probably actually doing something else with your other hand. But you --WATTERS: Cuddling, shmuddling. Do you think that this is a bad sign? Because I see this getting worse?COMPTON: Yes, I mean, I thought guys didn't want to be catfished.WATTERS: No, that's probably --COMPTON: You know, there is just --WATTERS: Right. Right. After the linebacker from Notre Dame. I think everybody learned their lesson. Is it something that girls are doing to us? Because it can't be guys fault. Women must be making us dive into this deep dark tunnel.COMPTON: I don't know. I think like I think that girls are looking for guys with money and it seems like guys are willing to pay $1.00 a minute to chat to a bot. So why are guys turning to robots?WATTERS: Right. If we could just use the money we're paying the AI girlfriends on the real girlfriends. Problem solved.COMPTON: To go to dinner.WATTERS: Right.COMPTON: Yes.WATTERS: So when you --COMPTON: What's an AI girlfriend giving you?WATTERS: I think it ends in about 30 seconds and then it doesn't matter. But when you say girls want guys with money, what else do women want? Because we've been trying to answer this question for thousands of years.COMPTON: Gosh, I don't know. I think an AI girlfriend is setting some unrealistic expectations. Right? Like they're always organized. They always know what they want for dinner. They'll never forget your birthday.I don't know. Women -- we don't even know what we want.WATTERS: Exactly.COMPTON: But an AI girlfriend will always know what she wants, and she'll know what you want.WATTERS: You just answered the question perfectly. Women don't even know what they want. How are guys expected to. Guys are just supposed to do their own thing, right? We just follow our mission. We make some money. We mess around in our free time and then you guys can shop and do your thing, right?COMPTON: Yes, and AI girlfriends don't even get jealous. I mean, let's be real. Do you really want to sit on your couch and catch up on sports with your buddies all day and not have a girlfriend causing any drama?WATTERS: Do you understand now that for the next three or four months, there's no football. And that's all guys are going to be doing is just waiting for football and watching hockey and watching basketball. It this is going to be a rough time. Are you prepared for that?COMPTON: I mean, it's going to be hard. It's going to be hard to handle.WATTERS: I feel like you can handle it.COMPTON: But, Jesse, I have a question for you.WATTERS: Please.COMPTON: Do you think that these guys that are falling in love with AI girlfriends, are they introducing them to their parents? to their families?COMPTON: Well, my family can't even log on to the internet without help. So maybe they're just printing a picture out and showing it to them because that's about as technologically savvy as my parents are.Thank you for joining JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME and thank you for enlightening us about how confusing women can be. We appreciate it.COMPTON: AnytimeWATTERS: Bye, Lauren.We got food for the staff today, but instead of eating with the staff, I ordered my own food. Is that considered bougie? Text me.We got Janet, Columbus, Ohio: I received your book for my birthday and so far I'm loving it.The "Get It Together" series will be continuing as well.Marlene from Temecula, California: I know it's not your favorite place, but can you please schedule a book signing in Southern California.Yorba Linda, baby. Here I come.Pete from Sleepy Hollow, New York: Those jurors cannot possibly find Trump not guilty because their friends would never speak to them again. That's how it works in New York.Steve from Georgia: I hope there are some possible jurors from Harlem in that pool.Can you imagine? Four more years chants at a bodega in Harlem for Trump?Rick from Pennsylvania: If I were Trump I'd be at that bodega yelling "Tax cuts for the Irish and the Puerto Ricans."They're our only hope.Peter from Minneapolis, Minnesota: Maybe the Naked Cowboy makes a return as an alternate juror.Stealth cowboy. I like it.William from West Virginia. When did Google become a news outlet?Seriously? How are people getting their news from Google?Justin from Yonkers, New York: If Trump has to be locked up in an NYC courtroom during the day, he should spend his evening visiting bodegas and painting the town red.I have some suggestions about some other places in New York he could be going.Gary from Kansas says time to sell your books at New York bodegas.I think I'm going to send Trump a copy of "Get It Together." So instead of sleeping during trial, you can just maybe have a little read.Brian from Georgia: Did you say undocumented monkeys?I did didn't I. I'm sorry, those monkeys were illegal aliens. I apologize. I'm so woke.Brian from North Carolina: Hey, that exotic monkey has a name and it's Gutfeld. Well, that's nasty because Fauci is doing some sick operations on it.Marian from Georgia: your PBD interview was awesome. You should do more podcast interviews.I'm doing Hugh Hewitt and I'm doing "Ruthless" you'll see those soon.We're going to leave it at that.DVR the show. And always remember, I'm Watters and this is my world.