TYRUS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: She escaped circus during bath-time and she was captured. And you know, she was just walking around townJEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: She escaped during bath- time?TYRUS: During bath-time. And of course, if you want to see more of that, you can check out my live events coming up, my comedy tour. Jesse --DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Wow, look at all those events.PIRRO: Good for you.PERINO: That's it for us, everyone. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'm ready for the quiz, Dana.PERINO: The quiz is great.BAIER: Let's go.Good evening, I'm Bret Baier. Breaking tonight, we're covering two big stories both happening on Capitol Hill right now. House Speaker Mike Johnson rolls the dice on a foreign aid package with his own speakership on the line.But first, the exceedingly rare event of an impeachment trial for a member of the president's cabinet never got off the ground today in the U.S. Senate. It took a little more than three hours for the Democrats in the Senate to end the proceeding before it began against Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, raising a lot of questions about constitutional process and politics.Senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram starts us off tonight live from Capitol Hill to show us what happened. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, Senate Democrats stuck together to end the trial before it even began. They did not vote to dismiss the articles of impeachment. They voted along party lines to rule the articles out of sync with the Constitution.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): I raise a point of order that impeachment Article One does not allege conduct that rises to the level of a high crime or misdemeanor as required under Article Two, Section Four of the United States Constitution and is therefore unconstitutional.PERGRAM (voice over): The House allege that Mayorkas broke the law and violated the public trust. Republicans rage that Democrats terminated the trial before House prosecutors presented their arguments.SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): What we've witnessed today is truly historic. This has never occurred. We've now set a precedent that effectively, very arguably effectively immunizes from impeachment. Making a false statement to Congress.PERGRAM (voice over): The 22nd impeachment trial in American history was not only abbreviated, but it becomes the first impeachment proceeding to end without rendering final judgment against the accused. Even Democrats who sometimes align with the GOP wanted a fast conclusion.SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): I want to thank the Republicans for bringing the Jerry Springer show over to the Senate. It's -- we all know it's over. Any time I can spend less time in a suit and listening to bad performance art, I support that.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The GOP tried to extend the trial but Democrats blocked them. However Republicans want today's outcome to echo with the polls in November, Bret.BAIER: Chad, we talked at the top about House Speaker Mike Johnson who is pushing this foreign aid package. Where do we stand with that tonight?PERGRAM: Well, House Speaker Mike Johnson released text of his multi bill plan today that tees up votes on Saturday, but Democrats are not committing to Johnson's plan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): He has not asked for Democratic support. We are in regular communication, as is always the case every week that we're in session, we're not in a position to determine how exactly we're going to proceed.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Now the package aid Ukraine Marjorie Taylor Greene is threatening to oust Johnson if he funds Ukraine and Bret, this just came in here. Mike Johnson says, "Let the chips fall where they may", back to you.BAIER: Chad Pergram live on the Hill. We'll talk more about this with the panel. Chad, thanks.Let's bring in Fox News Chief Political Analyst Brit Hume. Brit, good evening. Start with the impeachment of Secretary Mayorkas. There was no debate, no hearing, no evidence presented, no trial. And after Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer's majority vote killed this, claiming the articles from the House were unconstitutional. There were questions about the actual process to kill it and how that's constitutional.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it's a political body and a political process, in the end, Bret, to some sort of quasi-judicial forms and rules that apply when what articles of impeachment have been sent to the Senate by the House.But in the end, it all comes down to the same thing, it always does, who has the votes, requires two thirds of the Senate to convict which means that you got to have huge bipartisan agreement. That what was -- what was alleged and established was in fact a high crime or misdemeanor along the lines of treason and bribery, which are the two cited by the Constitution in order to hope to get a conviction.And I don't think this one -- this one was ever going to rise to that level. Nor have I thought that Bret, to be honest with you about the impeachment that is brought against Bill Clinton and later against Donald Trump.Impeachment has been cheapened. And this is a further example of it and it's true probably in the long run a good thing that it got shut down although it is obviously unsatisfying to people who want to hear Mayorkas's failure in office to be heard by the public.But look, this is a case of maladministration, which is the other words of someone not doing their job properly. And the framers of the Constitution specifically ruled out maladministration. They discussed it, and they rolled it out as a -- as a -- as a basis for impeachment and conviction.BAIER: Yes, and the framers did spend a lot of time in that constitutional convention, specifically, on not only the presidency, but on the process of impeachment, which is really interesting, as you look at how this kind of went down in a majority vote today.I want to turn to Speaker Johnson kind of hanging on here, but pushing this foreign aid package forward. What do you think about that big picture?HUME: Well, I think he deserves a lot of credit for taking the view that these three things that are basically he's what he's looking at here need to be done. We need to support Ukraine, abandoning an ally after the abandonment in Afghanistan and other ways that we backed off, would be dangerous for this country, particularly in terms of the deterrent effect that our military and our posture has around the world.And it's unpopular with a number of Republicans. And it takes very few to oust the speaker and the fact that he's bringing this up. Probably -- he has probably a very large majority in the whole House to pass it. But it would be with a, you know, a huge input from the Democrats. And some Republicans can't stand that and it could cost him his job. But he's going forward with it. And I think he deserves credit for trying, it takes guts to do that. And it might indeed cost him his job.BAIER: Brit, as always, thank you.It was another big anti-Israel protest today at a major American University. Today's demonstration at Columbia comes amid significant dissatisfaction by many Jewish students there over the school's leadership.Senior National Correspondent Rich Edson has details tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (VOICE OVER): At Columbia University, hundreds of students built a Gaza solidarity encampment on campus, demanding "An end to Colombia's complicity in genocide."University President Minouche Shafik missed this demonstration. She was in Washington testifying in Congress about her administration's record addressing anti-Semitism.MINOUCHE SHAFIK, PRESIDENT, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY: I am personally committed to doing everything I can to confront it directly.EDSON (voice over): Some Jewish Columbia students disagree, and dozens of them traveled to watch your Shafik testify.ERIN MCNULTY, STUDENT, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY: I have absolutely no confidence at this point, based on that testimony that this will be managed in a proper way.EDSON (voice over): Shafik was on an international trip when she was invited to appear before this panel in December. That's when the then president of Harvard UPenn and MIT refused to unequivocally say calls for the genocide of Jews violated their schools codes of conduct. Today, Columbia's administration brought a different answer to the same question.REP. SUZANNE BONAMICI (D-OR): Does calling for the genocide of Jews violate Colombia's code of conduct? Dr. Shafik?SHAFIK: Yes, it does.EDSON (voice over): Shafik says the university has suspended students restricted protests and investigated faculty members, one of them Professor Joseph Mossad, who celebrated the October 7th terrorist attack on Israel.Shafik says Mossad is still on the faculty, though she's unsure if he's currently teaching.At the start of the hearing, Mossad was listed online as Chair of the Academic Review Committee. He's now labeled as outgoing chair.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Will you make the commitment to remove him as chair?SHAFIK: I think that would be -- I think I would -- yes. Let me come back with yes.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): Committee chairwoman Virginia Foxx says she's prepared to bring Columbia University Leadership back before the committee if she doesn't see more tangible progress from the university addressing anti- Semitism.We asked Fox if we're going to see more university presidents testified before that committee. She says she hasn't decided yet, Bret.BAIER: Rich Edson live on Capitol Hill. Rich, thanks.Stocks were off today amid disappointing earnings and interest rate worries still lingering. The Dow lost 46, the S&P 500 was down 29, the NASDAQ fell 182 today.Breaking news from the southern border, Customs and Border Patrol authorities say there has been a huge surge of Chinese nationals crossing into the U.S. through the U.S. border with Mexico and it hasn't stopped in recent weeks. Senior Correspondent Mike Tobin is in El Paso, Texas tonight with this data. Good evening, Mike.MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret, here in the El Paso sector, we have seen a recent spike with illegal crossings but it's that dramatic spike, a dramatic increase of Chinese nationals crossing the border illegally that is drawing national security concerns.Now, Border Patrol says they have apprehended some 24,296 Chinese nationals crossing illegally. 85 percent of them are single adults. The catch is we're only six months into the fiscal year and the number of Chinese nationals apprehended has already exceeded the total from fiscal year 2023.And if you compare those numbers to fiscal year 21, the start of the Biden administration, there were 324, so the number of Chinese nationals marching into the U.S. has increased by more than 7,000 percent.While we still have seen -- well, we have seen the Chinese migrants private crossing primarily in California, Senator Susan Collins of Maine has been directing attention to Chinese nationals showing up in her state and starting marijuana growing operations.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. SUSAN COLLINS (R-ME): Why is China sending its citizens, sneaking them into the country to open illegal marijuana operations in rural Maine communities?(END VIDEO CLIP)TOBIN: At the border, the Texas National Guard has installed anti climb barriers. People are coming from the Mexican side with bolt cutters to get through the razor wire and fencing. We watched this morning as a family with children on their backs, found a hole in the barrier and made a break for the wall.Fox News camera in New Mexico got a shot of Border Patrol catching up to a runner and taking him down by force.Earlier this month, an aid to Democratic Senator Catherine Cortez Masto was killed in a car wreck. The driver of the other vehicle was an 18-year-old Honduran in the United States illegally, Bret.BAIER: Mike, quickly, you know there's number the 24,000 Chinese nationals, it says apprehended but if it tracks with how CBP has been talking about the release of you know, that number of people into the U.S. we don't have an exact number of that, do we?TOBIN: Well, we certainly have a large number of gotaways here in the El Paso -- El Paso sector alone over the last fiscal year. There was almost 50,000 gotaways, so that indicates are a great number of people who have not been tracked getting into the U.S., Bret.BAIER: OK. We'll continue to look at the numbers. Mike, thanks.Up next, U.S. military leaders talk about Israel's possible retaliation against Iran and what made the fallout may be.And later, our exclusive interview with Israel's ambassador to the U.S.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight, Fox 5 in New York where the NBA has banned Toronto Raptors player Jontay Porter for life. An investigation found he shared confidential information with sports gamblers and bet on games. The league determined Porter gave unknown sports better information about his health status prior to a March 20th game. Porter took himself out of that game after less than three minutes.Fox 11 in Los Angeles has a Muslim student who has the University of Southern California valedictorian has been banned from giving a speech at the school's graduation ceremony. The action came after a pro-Israel group accused her of promoting anti-Semitic writings.Asna Tabassum is alleged to have shared content that calls for the abolishment of the State of Israel. She says she was surprised by the university's decision and that she has been subjected to a campaign of "racist hatred."And this is a live look at Philadelphia from Fox 29, our affiliate there. One of the big stories there tonight. A Philadelphia man is being called a hero tonight after saving two people from a burning home. A woman was struggling to pull another man from that building. And Oscar Rivera climbed onto the roof and pulled them both to safety.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Court documents reveal New Jersey Democratic Senator Bob Menendez is expected to blame his wife during his federal corruption trial.Fox News Digital has learned, the senator's attorneys want him to be tried separately from his wife because of his intention to introduce evidence that would imply she is guilty. The couple have both pleaded not guilty to bribery and obstruction of justice charges.A House Oversight Committee meeting that was supposed to be about Chinese political warfare evolved into a very testy exchange today between the chairman and the ranking member over how President Biden has made his money.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): You've been talking about bank statements for more than a year, but they don't show anything --(CROSSTALK)REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): It's OK for -- as Tony Bobulinski said, for China to bribe Joe Biden's family with $9 million.RASKIN: If Joe Biden took a $9 million bribe from China, why aren't you impeaching him for that?COMER: Well, who says we're not? this is a hearing on China and you all have an obsession with Russia and Trump. It's disturbing. You need therapy.RASKIN: We're going: to talk about China and Trump or Russia and Trump?COMER: You all need -- he's got a therapy, Mr. Raskin.RASKIN: No, no, you need therapy.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: We couldn't keep playing that sound bite. We'll continue to follow that.Meantime, Microsoft officials say Russian online campaigns aimed at influencing U.S. presidential elections have increased over the past 45 days. This election obviously upcoming. The company ads the current activity is slower than seen in past elections.Researchers that have increased over the past 45 days. This election obviously upcoming the company ads the current activity is slower than seen in past elections. Researchers at the tech giants say Russia-linked accounts are disseminating divisive content aimed at U.S. audiences, including criticizing American support of Ukraine and its war with Moscow.The world is still waiting for a possible Israeli response to last weekend's attack from Iran. Today, the president's defense secretary and top military adviser reiterated the U.S. hope to try to avoid a larger conflict.Here is chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GEN. CHARLES Q. BROWN, JR.: JOINT CHIEFS CHAIRMAN: We are living in consequential times, and there is no time to waste.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: U.S. warships remain on high alert in the eastern Mediterranean. Iran reportedly has pulled many of its Revolutionary Guard Corps forces out of Syria, fearing Israeli retaliation for Saturday's missile assault.Lufthansa has canceled flights to Tehran until April 30th.GEN. LLOYD AUSTIN (RET), UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: We will continue to stand ready to protect our troops in the region and to support the defense of Israel.MAJ. GEN. PATRICK RYDER, PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: Whether or not Israel responds is a -- is an Israeli decision, we don't want to see a wider regional conflict.GRIFFIN: The USS Arleigh Burke and USS Carney remain poised to defend U.S. bases across the region. In the Red Sea, U.S. Navy warships and commercial shipping have fended off 130 direct attacks from the Iran-backed Houthis in the past six months.CARLOS DEL TORO, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF THE NAVY: We currently have approaching $1 billion in munitions that we have need to replenish. So, therefore, the over $2 billion that's provided for in the supplemental is entirely critical.Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin urged Congress to pass the military aid supplemental funding requests for Israel and Ukraine.AUSTIN: Putin won't stop it with Ukraine. I mean, I think he will continue to seek to pull back in some of those countries that were in the former Soviet Union.The secretary praised CENTCOM commander, General Erik Kurilla, who oversaw Saturday night's response.AUSTIN: That doesn't happen at the 11th hour. That happens because countries are working together.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN: The commander of Iran's Air Force, says his forces are ready to launch using Soviet Sukhoi-24 bombers against Israel, an attempt to deter Israel from retaliating, after half of Iran's ballistic missiles, most of its current stockpile failed on the launch pad or in-flight last weekend. The rest were shut down. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin, live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you.Up next, we will talk about the situation in the Middle East with Israel's ambassador to the U.S.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Russian missiles hit a Ukrainian apartment building, killing 17 people, injuring more than 60 others.The strike comes as Russia's military has gradually advanced inside Ukraine. Military analysts say Ukraine is struggling to push back due to a shortage of artillery ammunition, troops, and armored vehicles.Sweden's Parliament lowers the age for people legally changing their gender from 18 years old to 16. Those under 18 will still need approval from guardian, doctor, or the National Board of Health and Welfare.And the United Arab Emirates records its heaviest rain ever this week, flooding Dubai's airport and disrupting international travel. More than 5- 1/2 inches of rain fell within 24 hours. On average, Dubai normally records less than four inches of rainfall in a year.Just some of the other stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AUSTIN: What Iran should learn is that, number one, they -- their assumptions are wrong. We're going to do what's necessary to help in the defense of Israel.DAVID CAMERON, BRITISH FOREIGN SECRETARY: The Israelis are making a decision to act. We hope they do so in a way that does is little to escalate this as possible.TAL HEINRICH, SPOKESPERSON FOR PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU: Israel is not seeking wars. But if someone wants to annihilate us, wipe us off the map, we're not just going to sit idly by.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Let's get an update now on the situation in Israel and what could happen throughout the Middle East.Joining us tonight, the Israeli ambassador to the U.S. Michael Herzog. Mr. Ambassador, thank you for the time.MICHAEL HERZOG, ISRAELI AMBASSADOR TO UNITED STATES: Thank you, Bret, for having me.BAIER: There are a lot of headlines around the world. The eyes of the world are on Israel and the response to the attacks possibly over the weekend. The headlines, Axios, about Secretary Blinken: "Escalation with Iran is not U.S. or Israel's interest."The Times of Israel; "Netanyahu, despite allies' advice, Israel will 'make our own decisions' on security."Associated Press: "Iran president warns of massive response if Israel launches tiniest invasion."Can you give us a sense, maybe not the specifics, obviously, but a sense of where Israeli leadership is on the strike back after this past weekend's attacks.HERZOG: Look, Israel just came under massive, massive attack from Iran. The Iranians fired over 100 ballistic missiles at Israel, and all in all, around 300 munitions with tons of explosives. And if you add to this what their proxies fired at Israel, including Hezbollah, it's over 400 munitions.This cannot just pass. It cannot go unanswered, because if we don't answer, the Iranians will feel impunity, and they will that they can strike anywhere in the Middle East or elsewhere without any consequences. So we have to respond, and we will respond. How exactly we do it remains to be seen. I don't discuss any details. But people have to understand that defense, and we had fantastic defense in this case, Israel, the U.S., our joint cooperation and other actors who came into display. But in our part of the world, defense is not enough to create deterrence. We need push back.And the main message, the main lesson from what happened the other day when Iran attacked us is that all of us have to enhance deterrence vis-a-vis Iran.I will tell you one more thing. If we do not push back against Iran, in a matter of a few years, you may see nuclear warheads on ballistic missiles, Iranian ballistic missiles. So we all have to draw the lessons. And the lesson is to push back and enhance deterrence vis-a-vis Iran.BAIER: How do you determine the rhetoric coming from the administration, a real concern about an escalation in the Middle East, urging Israelis in whatever you decide to be cautious? How do you interpret those words from the president and others?HERZOG: I understand the concerns about potential for regional war. We are not rushing to a regional war. The government of Israel calculates its decision very, very carefully. We're not rushing anywhere. As I said, Israel will respond, but how exactly we are going to do it, I leave it open.BAIER: The State Department spokesperson was asked about sanctions on Iran from the U.S. There are talks of new sanctions and new stringent efforts to try to specifically go after some of their offensive materials. But there's a criticism that the U.S. has not enforced these sanctions. Here's the State Department spokesman on that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VEDANT PATEL, STATE DEPARTMENT DEPUTY SPOKESMAN: It's important to remember that we have not lifted a single sanction on Iran.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The U.N. sanctions, the one that the entire world, everyone in the world is supposed to follow, were in fact lifted. They expired, correct?PATEL: Well, I think there's a difference between lifting and expiring.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So expiring, lifted. Are you concerned that sanctions have not had an impact on Iran?HERZOG: We welcome more pressure on Iran, political pressure, diplomatic pressure, economic pressure. Also, we think one needs to enhance the military deterrence vis-a-vis Iran. And we now follow more sanctions that are being passed in Congress, and we welcome that. Ultimately the test is in the enforcement. I think it's time for everyone to draw the lesson and understand that more pressure needs to be brought to bear on Iran.BAIER: "Haaretz" has a story, "The situation is bleak." This is about the hostages. "Foreign diplomats seek new path for release of Israeli hostages as families warn of Iranian escalation, saying that the latest proposal by the American administration was not creative enough, failed to bridge gaps between the demands of Hamas and Israel." We should point out Hamas chose to disregard or turn down the last negotiation attempts. Where does that stand tonight on the hostages?HERZOG: We have been making a real effort to get another hostage deal and release our hostages, because every day that passes by endangers their life. It's a matter of life and death. Unfortunately, Hamas turned down the recent proposals and seems uninterested on this point. I think we have to increase Hamas to come to terms and do the deal. Right now, unfortunately, we are not there.BAIER: When you see protests across America in different cities that are anti-Israel, support for Hamas in some cases, against the efforts of, obviously, civilian deaths in Gaza, what do you think about that when you see those images?HERZOG: What I think, we should not mix between freedom of speech and First Amendment rights and incitement to hate, antisemitism, support for terrorists, support for Hamas, or support for Iran. And this is very troubling to me because I see the two being mixed in many, many places, including facing our own embassy.And I would ask the demonstrators several questions. What do you think, what's your position about the massacre carried out by Hamas on October 7th? What's your position regarding the Iranian aggression? Would you be able to survive in Gaza under Hamas or in Iran under the ayatollahs? Do you support Israel's right to exist? These are the kind of questions that needs -- that people have to ask those demonstrators.BAIER: Ambassador Herzog, we appreciate your time and we'll continue to follow the developments.HERZOG: Thank you very much.BAIER: Up next, new developments in the story of a "National Public Radio" editor who says the network has a definite political bias, the latest fallout.And, as we go to break, former Florida senator and governor Bob Graham has died. Graham gained national promise as chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks. He was also an early critic of the Iraq war. Graham's family announced his death Tuesday on social media. Bob Graham was 87.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Congressional lawmakers discussed major safety failures at Boeing today in a pair of Senate hearings. The manufacturer has been pushed into crisis mode since a door plug panel blew off a plane in January. Members of an expert panel testified today Boeing has serious flaws in its safety culture. They said that despite improvements made after the crashes of two Boeing Max jets killing 346 people, the company's approach to safety remains flawed. It said employees who raise concerns could be subject to pressure and retaliation.President Biden's swing -- campaign swing through Pennsylvania took him to Pittsburgh today. He's trying to tout an economy that most polls are showing most Americans consider unsatisfactory. White House correspondent Peter Doocy is in Pittsburgh with the president tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)(APPLAUSE)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: A hero's welcome for President Biden in battleground Pennsylvania inside the headquarters of the United Steelworkers union.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You go home with them that brung you to the dance, and you brought me to the dance.DOOCY: Just outside, two huge groups of protesters. One, pro-ceasefire which follows the president everywhere. The other, anti-Bidenomics, which is new.President Biden used this trip to float a new tripling of tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from China.BIDEN: They are not competing. They are cheating.DOOCY: And he wants credit for adding jobs post-COVID.BIDEN: We are the strongest economic -- economy in the world.DOOCY: But that kind of talk might not breakthrough outside boisterous union halls.SALENA ZITO, "WASHINGTON EXAMINER": I don't think he is in touch, Biden that is, in what is the real issue for voters right now. The cost of food, the cost of their homeowner's insurance and car insurance, we don't talk about enough.DOOCY: After overnighting in hometown Scranton, President Biden visited a local war memorial to see where his uncle Ambrose Finnegan is memorialized.BIDEN: He got shot down in an area where there were a lot of cannibals.DOOCY: Even faced with such poignant family history, in that moment the president claims he couldn't stop thinking about a 2020 "Atlantic" magazine article claiming Donald Trump called American war dead suckers and losers, a claim Trump denies.BIDEN: To me, that is such disqualifying assertion made by a president, "suckers and losers."DOOCY: Biden isn't talking much about Trump's legal issues, with the exception of this one punch line.BIDEN: Under my predecessor, who is busy right now --(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: -- Pennsylvania lost 275,000 jobs. I mean, let's look at the facts.(END VIDEO TAPE)DOOCY (on camera): The campaign is showing its hand that Pennsylvania is a must-win by spending an unusual amount of time in a single week in this state -- three days. But they are doing it to showcase that Biden can meet people on the trail while Trump is on trial. Bret?BAIER: Peter Doocy on the campaign trail with the president. Peter, thanks.BAIER: Breaking tonight, veteran "National Public Radio" editor Uri Berliner has resigned. Berliner was recently suspended after going public with criticism about what he says is NPR's political bias. Chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel has the specifics tonight. Good evening, Mike.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening.Uri Berliner a senior editor who spent 25 years at NPR. Today he announced his resignation on X, which has gotten more than 2.3 million views, writing, quote, "I respect the integrity of my colleagues and wish for NPR to thrive and do important journalism. But I cannot work in a newsroom where I am despaired by a new CEO whose divisive views confirm the very problems at NPR I cited in my Free Press essay."That CEO is Katherine Maher who tweeted out this photo of herself. She publicly showed support Hillary Clinton in 2016 and Joe Biden in 2020. Maher has also taken some heat only four weeks into the job for having no background in news. She reacted to the controversy a short time ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATHERINE MAHER, CEO, "NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO": I read Uri's letter, and I never had the chance to meet him personally. And I wish in some ways that I had had that chance so that we could have talked about what his concerns were. Again, I don't have any editorial guidance on the newsroom, but it would have been interesting to hear and be able to think about structurally what can we do?(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: What led to Berliner's resignation today was his stinging criticism of NPR. He suggests advocacy at NPR took over after the election of Former President Trump. Berliner wrote in the Free Press, quote, "What began as tough, straightforward coverage of a belligerent, truth-impaired president, veered towards efforts to damage or topple Trump's presidency."After that blew up into a huge controversy, Edith Chapin, NPR's chief news executive, sent a memo to staff, writing, quote, "We are proud to stand behind the exceptional work that our desks and shows do to cover a wide range of challenging stories."What's unusual about this criticism, it comes from a senior insider blasting NPR for what he sees as rigid progressive ideology. Berliner's departure seemed inevitable after claiming the networks has, quote, "lost America's trust." And now some are suggesting it's time for it to lose its federal funding, something Berliner says he does not support. Bret?BAIER: Mike, thank you.We'll talk with the panel about NPR's black eye in all of this back and forth. Plus, the house battle over foreign aid and the future of the speaker. And later, Houston, we had a problem 54 years ago today.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: We're supposed to have debates on the issues, not impeachments on the issues. We are not supposed to say that when you disagree with someone on policy, then that's suddenly a high crime and misdemeanor.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL, (R-KY) SENATE MINORITY LEADER: We have set a very unfortunate precedent here. This means that the Senate can ignore, in effect, the House's impeachment.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It's a historic day, the impeachment of Secretary, Homeland Security Secretary Mayorkas. And then the Senate voting to shooting it down, not going to a trial. "Axios" writes it this way, "Senate squashes historic impeachment charges against Mayorkas. Killing the charges without a full trial highlights how Democrats saw the impeachment as political theater, but Republicans argue it sets a dangerous precedent," as you heard from Senator McConnell.Let's bring in our panel, former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer, Morgan Ortagus, host of "The Morgan Ortagus Show" on Sirius XM, founder of Polaris National Security, and Josh Kraushaar is FOX News Radio political analyst.Ari, your thoughts on today and the fallout from it?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Bret, many people warned during the Trump years when he was twice-impeached, twice in contravention to House rules about how impeachments historically were governed, that impeachment was turning into a vote of no confidence. And that is exactly what's happened here. We have degraded the value, the importance, the rarity of impeachments. And because the Democrats did it to Trump, Republicans did it to one of Biden's cabinet secretaries with whom they had strong disagreements.We've got to basically the British system without any meaning. It is no longer impeachment. It's a vote of no confidence, and it doesn't result in anybody having to leave office the way it does in Britain. It's just an empty political gesture. It was against Donald Trump. Same thing now. We have demeaned -- the process has been demeaned.BAIER: Yes, Josh, in the Constitution, and the founders in the Constitutional Convention, and I studied this for a little bit, they spent a lot of time, the most time on defining the presidency and what impeachment, that process would look like. They set it at two-thirds to make it a really high bar to be able to kick somebody out. And they never got to that today. It was never going to get to two-thirds in that vote. But they used the majority vote to kill the process, and that's what's raising some eyebrows.JOSH KRAUSHAAR, FOX NEWS RADIO POLITICAL ANALYST: Yes, it was a remarkably partisan process. But I thought today in Washington sort of illustrated a split screen where you had the partisanship over Mayorkas and the predictable impeachment vote. And then you look over in the House, and you have the makings of some remarkable bipartisan where you have Speaker Johnson and now President Biden seeming to be on the same page in pushing through foreign aid legislation to both Ukraine, Israel, Taiwan. It's going to be a really interesting few days in the House. But if that does end up getting through, it's going to be because the moderates, the pragmatists in both parties end up finally, belatedly, cutting a bipartisan deal.And that is Washington right now. You have sometimes the most mindless partisanship, and the Mayorkas impeachment -- I think there were good reasons why Republicans have been upset about his record at DHS. But when you have something as important as international security, you actually are seeing now the makings of Republicans and Democrats possibly working together.BAIER: To that point, here is Speaker Johnson and others on that issue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: What we have done is we've taken the Senate supplemental bill and we have improved the process and the policy. We'll begin with border.REP. NANCY PELOSI, (D-CA) FORMER HOUSE SPEAKER: Every day is a matter of life and death in the Ukraine. It's really a tragedy that it has taken this long.VEDANT PATEL, STATE DEPARTMENT DEPUTY SPOKESMAN: This is something that we need Congress to provide urgently. These are all things that are of vital importance to our foreign policy and the national security interests of the American people.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Morgan, that's the pitch for it. You obviously are well aware of foreign aid and foreign affairs and how much that means. The House foreign aid Israel, $26 billion, Ukraine $61 billion, Indo-pacific, that's Taiwan, at $8 billion. But there is pushback in the House, and among other things, there is concern that they originally agreed to do something on the border before doing this next step here. What about that?MORGAN ORTAGUS, FORMER STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: Well, I think there is the process and there is the policy aspect of this. So on the process side, I actually think it's smart how Speaker Johnson has broken this up into several different votes. It gives everybody a chance to vote if they want to vote against Ukraine aid or if they want to vote against Israel aid. There will be enough votes that you could go on the record in order to express your pleasure or displeasure with the specific policy proposal.From a policy perspective, what's going to come out at the end of this, what will likely end up passing is the Trump proposal. And I think that more of the Freedom Caucus, more of that wing of the party may end up supporting it because it is -- essentially it was President Trump's idea, former President Trump's idea from the beginning to make this a loan and to have provisions in there that would hold our allies more accountable for the foreign aid that we're giving them. So, if that's the bill that ultimately comes through, not only is it a win for Speaker Johnson, it could be a rare win for both President Biden and President Trump.BAIER: How do you see it, Ari?FLEISCHER: Yes, I'm actually very hopeful that they are going to get this done. This is one of those rare instances on a difficult, difficult issue where the Republican Party, the modern party, is deeply split, that we can actually do something muscular, strong, and helpful to fight Vladimir Putin and to support Israel, our ally. It would be remarkable if all of this, we pass aid for Ukraine and support Israel and prop up, help Taiwan. That would be a huge international success, the kinds of which America used to do all the time.BAIER: But, again, the pushback is not just a few, Josh. It's fairly significant of people saying the spending has got to be -- you've got have priorities. And that's what you are hearing from some of these folks on Capitol Hill on the House side.KRAUSHAAR: That's right. It's going to be a rocky few days for Speaker Johnson. I think this is a big leadership moment for him, but he's going to need Democratic votes to get the legislation out of the rules committee. He's going to need probably a good number of Democratic votes to get the legislation on the foreign aid passed.So, look, we could be seeing a moment where both sides are working together. There is, when you look at the polls, when you look at the Senate vote that took place a couple months ago, it was a healthy majority, almost all Democrats, about half of Republicans in the Senate supported this type of legislation. So I think you'll have a healthy majority in the end that pass foreign aid.But, boy, yes, there is a big split in the Republican Party. And I think Speaker Johnson could be hanging on by a thread with his speakership. There may be a revolt that takes place after this is all said and done.BAIER: Yes. And let me just quickly put up this Uri Berliner resigning from NPR, the tweet he puts out saying it's a great American institution, but he worked for 25 years and he's leaving. Ari, what do you make of that story?FLEISCHER: It's not a great American institution. It's a liberal media outlet. He has exposed it as such from the inside. And it befuddles me that for all these years Republicans have controlled Congress, they haven't eliminated federal funding for it yet.So this is a wake-up cry. Stop funding not even one penny to NPR. There are enough private liberal media organizations. Why do we have a public one? But he was brave. He was brave to write what he did and to say what he did. I'm glad he did it.BAIER: It's a battle that's going to be brewing. Panel, thanks.Finally tonight, today's throwback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Odyssey (ph) Houston, we show you -- it really looks great.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: On this day 54 years ago, Apollo 13 lunar module returned to earth. The spacecraft launching from Florida April 11th, 1970, was supposed to land on the moon. Two days into that mission, one of the ship's oxygen tanks blew up, forcing the astronauts to make an emergency return to earth. "Houston, we have a problem." The crew managed to gently splash down in the ocean.That does it for us. Tomorrow, new polls on the presidential race all across the board, you don't want to miss that. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. Here's Laura.