BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Tomorrow on Special Report, we'll talk with the Israeli Ambassador to the U.S., Michael Herzog. Remember if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. My Angle in moments. But first, Trump just spoke moments ago in New York City.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It is a rigged deal, it's a rigged trial, our courts, everything is screwed up in New York. There's no crime. You know where the crime is in the bodegas where they come and rob them every week, or more than that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So far, seven people were chosen today to sit on the jury in Donald Trump's sham hush money trial in New York City. And for all the details, we're going to go live outside the courthouse where Fox's Nate Foy is standing by with all the details. All right, what can you tell us, Nate?NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Laura, jury selection is going quicker than many expected. You mentioned seven jurors have been seated so far. That means five more are coming as well as six alternates, but a contentious moment in court today between Judge Juan Merchan and former President Donald Trump. When the judge told Trump and his lawyers, I won't tolerate that, this is a quote, I won't have any jurors intimidated in this courtroom and that was in response to Trump gesturing towards and muttering at a prospective juror as his lawyers were questioning her credibility.Another big issue today is the D.A.'s office asking the court to hold Trump in contempt for violating a gag order. That's at least their argument and it relates to several social media posts that Trump made about witnesses in the case, including Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels. The judge will rule on any possible sanctions on that in a hearing next Tuesday. And Trump spoke about Judge Merchan earlier today. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We have a judge who is absolutely out of place. He should not be allowed to do it. He's conflicted like nobody has ever been conflicted.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: So that was just moments ago, Laura. And he also posted on Truth Social talking about this same issue about the gag order saying, I want to speak at least be able to respond. He called the trial unconstitutional. He said take off the gag order and this was after notably, Laura, Michael Cohen appeared on cable news over the weekend, talking about former President Donald Trump. So, perhaps that is what he wants to respond to.But first things first, this jury needs to be selected of the seven so far, I can tell you, four of them are men, three are women. 96 prospective jurors were sworn in at the end of court today. Tomorrow is an off day, so they'll come back on Thursday and fill out the rest of this jury. But right now, opening statements are set to begin on Monday of next week.I mentioned things moving along a little bit quicker than we expected. It was supposed to take up to two weeks. If that timeline holds, it would only take one week, so we'll see if it does as court resumes on Thursday morning at 9:30.INGRAHAM: All right, Nate, thanks so much. Now, Alvin Bragg threatening to throw the former president in jail today over what he says is this violation of the gag order. So, Bragg asked Judge Merchan to warn Trump that any future violations can lead to additional fines. And yes, up to 30 days in jail.Joining me now Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel, Fox News Contributor, and from outside the courtroom, Mike Davis, former Gorsuch law clerk and founder of the Article III Project. Mike, what would you say to Trump if you were his lawyer in this situation?MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: Well, this is clearly an illegal unconstitutional gag order here. We have gag orders to protect criminal defendants who are going through the process. It is a limited time, place, and manner restriction to protect criminal defendants and their constitutional rights. And for these Democrat prosecutors and these Democrat judges to put a gag order on a criminal defendant is truly unAmerican, it's breathtaking.President Trump, if there is anyone on the planet who must have the constitutional right to speak out about the judge, the prosecutor, the staff, the witnesses, the bias, it has to be a criminal defendant going through a criminal process.INGRAHAM: Now, Sol, it seems to me that a lot of Americans are -- they hear about jury selection, and they watch stuff on TV, but they don't really know what happens during jury selection. At some point, the President was unhappy with one of the jurors perhaps one that was selected, but what are one of the permissible, what are the permissible grounds and impermissible grounds for striking jurors?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, both sides have strikes for cause, which means that the potential juror, they believe that cannot be fair and impartial. And those are unlimited and then each side has peremptory strikes where you can strike them for any reason you want except for constitutionally improper reason like racial animus or religious animus or something like that.So that's what they're going through. They're questioning them individually, after a big chunk of the jurors before they even started potential jurors, before they even started individual questioning self- identified as being unable to be fair and impartial.INGRAHAM: All right, one dismissed juror joined to MSNBC today, glad that juror was dismissed and talked about her experience.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARA MCGEE, DISMISSED TRUMP JUROR: It was odd. It was such an interesting experience, because it's -- I had never seen him in person before. You see, someone blown up so larger than life on the media, to see them in person is very jarring. And you get the sense that it's like, oh, this is just another guy and also, he sees me talking about him, which is bizarre.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mike, do you think the attorneys are going to have a hard time with the jury that they're selecting?DAVIS: So, let's see, we have the Soros-funded Manhattan D.A., who campaigned on getting Trump. We have Biden's former number three in the Biden Justice Department, Matthew Colangelo. We have this Democrat judge who donated to Biden and another anti-Trump cause, and his daughter is raising money off of this trial. And then you have a Manhattan jury pool that's 85 percent against Trump. So, I don't think Trump's going to get a fair trial.INGRAHAM: Sol, when I'm thinking about how this is all going to go down, and the President goes out and speaks his mind about the fact that he believes he cannot get a fair trial. He is being threatened with jail time for that, what -- how Judge Merchan will handle this, we'll see. But from some of his comments, it looks like he's not going to tolerate much of this.Where is this ultimately in your mind going to end up, because it seems like the President's like daring them to hold them in contempt?WISENBERG: Well, one of the problems here is that there's some case law suggesting that even if a judicial order is unconstitutional, and I agree with Mike, this gag order is clearly overbroad and violates the First Amendment. But there's some case law indicating that because it's a judicial order, you still can't violate it. So, I'm concerned about that. That could be the -- that could be one of the things that gets litigated here.I think the other thing to look at is the fines apparently for contempt are very low. They're about $1,000 per contempt. So, you're going to face a situation where Judge Merchan may feel like he needs to, he needs to think about imposing a sentence, but I don't think that's going to happen. It's really terrible this order, I believe, because I think it impinges on Trump's core First Amendment rights to comment about the case.No, he can't intimidate a juror. He can't do anything to do that or --INGRAHAM: Right.WISENBERG: -- intimidate a witness. But the idea, the idea that Michael Cohen can be out there talking about the case on TV, and that former President Trump can't comment about it, when his liberty is at stake, to me is a classic First Amendment problem.INGRAHAM: Yes. Where's the ACLU? Are they saying anything about this? Sol and Mike, thank you both. All right. The big question now is what should Trump be doing as he moves forward? Any challenges that he should preserve as perhaps in the future he'll appeal various rulings if that's even possible?Joining me now is Chris Landau, former Scalia and Thomas clerk, former ambassador to Mexico. Chris, what's the best legal strategy here? Given what you've seen thus far, they've selected some of the jurors, they have five more to go. But this is moving faster than a lot of people thought.CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS CLERK: Hey, Laura. I'd say this is a pretty target rich environment in terms of potential issues for appellate review and reversal. One of the crazy things about this is that, basically, Alvin Bragg, as Mike Davis just said, the Soros-funded D.A. in in New York has inflated, misdemeanor charges into felonies by saying that he's -- there -- that these alleged misstatements were concealing another crime.Well, that other crime is an alleged federal crime that none of the federal officials even in the Biden administration Justice Department or the FEC have sought to -- they've investigated, but they haven't done anything.INGRAHAM: Yes, so just to reset, it would be a campaign finance expenditure fraud that was trying to be concealed by the hush money payment. So, your point is that Bragg has no authority to make rulings on or make arguments based on federal law since the Feds have not charged the President or found guilty in the President in any of this.LANDAU: That seems like a pretty strong argument to me that Alvin Bragg, the New York local D.A. doesn't have the authority to enforce federal law.INGRAHAM: How does he pursue that claim?LANDAU: Well, typically, and this is one of the frustrating aspects of our legal system, you can't bring to an Appellate Court's attention problems that are occurring during the trial until the end of the trial. So, unless Trump can get some kind of ruling that has an immediate here and now effect on him, for instance, a contempt sanction for violating the gag order may allow him to appeal the gag order. But basically, you have to finish a trial in order to raise the appeal --INGRAHAM: So, he won't have standing, you think in federal court, perhaps before the end of this trial?LANDAU: Correct.INGRAHAM: OK.LANDAU: And maybe in federal court, maybe never, because the normal appellate avenue for review from a New York trial court is to go to the New York Appellate Courts --INGRAHAM: Highest court.LANDAU: Right, and you can preserve your federal issues in state courts.INGRAHAM: So, the due process argument here that the President cannot get a fair trial, given how this is conducted with the underlying bias of the judge, the political connections, all of that, that goes to the 14th Amendment claim of you can't -- he can't get due process. On top of that is the First Amendment issue that Sol was talking about. This is an overbroad order that goes to the fundamental right of an individual to stand against a government trying to imprison him. I mean, that's just shocking for most Americans to hear this.LANDAU: You are absolutely right. And Mike and Sol, I think, had it just right to say, this gag order and others, you have to separate the gag order from the underlying issues in the prosecution, the gag order is a separate issue. It may be that Trump will have an ability to appeal the gag order if there's an attempt to enforce it upon him during the course of -- against him during the course of the trial.And, you know, again, you are 100 percent right, that this is unprecedented, as far as I'm aware to have a criminal defendant subject to a gag order, particularly one that's non-reciprocal, like Michael Cohen can say whatever he wants, and Trump can't speak back.INGRAHAM: Well, CNN was reporting earlier that their sources has to be inside the Trump camp, or were telling them expect lots of sidebars and preservation of issues on appeal, that they are going to preserve, preserve, preserve going forward in this trial, because they think they have a very strong case on the underlying unfairness and again, the overbreadth gag order making up a federal campaign finance violation, as Andy McCarthy says, not just trying to enforce federal campaign finance law, actually making it up.LANDAU: Yes.INGRAHAM: That's quite an accomplishment, Mr. Bragg. Good job.LANDAU: The legal system itself is on trial here, as well as Donald Trump - -INGRAHAM: Explain that quickly.LANDAU: Really, I mean, again, the legal system is on trial in front of the whole world. For the first time in American history, we're putting a former president and a current candidate on trial -- on a criminal trial during the middle of the campaign season. And basically, the judge is saying, if you miss one day of trial, I'm going to hold you in contempt, I can put you in jail --INGRAHAM: How do we not look like a tin pot dictatorship to the world? I mean, we're always like, we're going to export our values abroad, and we demand that you have our -- what are our values right now.LANDAU: Wel, let me tell you, when I was ambassador to Mexico, if Mexico or another country were doing this to the leading opposition candidate, we would be sending --INGRAHAM: UN advisor.(CROSSTALK)LANDAU: -- to the government, we would be raising a ruckus --INGRAHAM: Observers.LANDAU: This is Banana Republic stuff at best, Laura.INGRAHAM: Back in the years when we were clerking, back in the 90s, would you ever have imagined clerking for Justice Scalia, I'd love to hear what he thought about -- Justice Thomas, that this is where we would be in the United States -- in your wildest dreams. Would you ever have thought that?LANDAU: No, it's crazy on so many levels that this is happening at all. But then the fact that it's happening before a judge who donated to Biden, who --INGRAHAM: His daughter is involved in --(CROSSTALK)LANDAU: Whose daughter working --INGRAHAM: -- campaigns.LANDAU: Who is not recusing himself. I mean, again, if you're going to do this, the judge has to be --INGRAHAM: Beyond reproach. Yes.LANDAU: -- (inaudible) and Caesar's wife, beyond reproach. That's not the case. And so, again, I just think this is --INGRAHAM: This is --LANDAU: -- very sad for our country --INGRAHAM: Yes.LANDAU: -- it's very brazen.INGRAHAM: Yes, donated to Democrats, not to Biden, but clearly Democrat connections. But Chris, this is -- look, they're playing for keeps, and Trump better be ready with everything they're coming at him. Chris, thank you so much.LANDAU: My pleasure.INGRAHAM: Great to see you as always. All right. The liberal media is pushing kind of a new narrative to try to drag Old Joe across the finish line in November. We predicted it before, but we're going to remind you of it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: You've got the sense that the narrative had been set a while ago, deployed a while ago because for months, most of the election reporting did have Trump dominating Biden both anecdotally and, in the polls, and even reported that it was impressive for someone being prosecuted indicted. It seem like every other minute, but now we're all supposed to believe that the old mumbler-in-chief is the new comeback kid.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're finally seeing Trump tied to a courtroom day- after-day. And what's the President doing, barnstorming swing three vital battleground state.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump has really not been able to catch up.JOY REID, MSNBC ANCHOR: They're looking into the wind of Joe Biden now beating Trump in the majority of the national polls.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MORNING JOE HOST: Trim lines are all breaking Joe Biden's way. We'll be fine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dare we call it Joementum. We probably shouldn't go.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, my God, are they insufferable. Now. What's the truth here? The truth is all the major problems that voters cite in survey after survey caused by Biden are pushing more voters away from Biden, they're not getting solved. So, the open border, the persistent inflation, they're not going to improve much between now and election. No way.So, no wonder party registration is shifting in the GOP's favor. Now since 2020, Democrats advantage is shrinking, despite the fact that they have almost the entire media on their side, they have Hollywood, the universities, big tech, a lot of the judges, and of course, very important, most of the billionaires on their side.So, here now to unpack all of this is Chris Bedford, Senior Editor at The Federalist and Matt Towery. Chairman of Insider Advantage, Matt, now some polls are tightening a bit, you see this, which often happens, the closer we get to an election, but Biden as the comeback kid really?MATT TOWERY, POLITICAL ANALYST AND POLLSTER: Well, it was predictable. You can see the change in some of the polls about two weeks ago, three weeks ago, after the State of the Union address when there was no bounce, then all of a sudden, there seemed to be a miraculous move that no one can attribute to any one thing to causing, and it's been taking place.But let me just add this, I don't put that in other pollsters, because we all have our good days and bad days. But a lot of these polls I'm seeing are polls that rely on panels, panels and registered voters rather than likely voters. And the panels in particular are made up of people who are more focused on politics.In fact, a lot of these companies that do the panels say they even send a tablet to a home if they don't have internet connection, I don't know who wouldn't, or don't have access so that they can have that in front of them. If you have someone doing that. It's more like the Nielsen ratings than it is a random type of poll. I don't think that's being caught by folks.So, we have people who are hyper political putting their spin and then it's called a random poll like we used to do and like we still do.INGRAHAM: Well, the excuses for someone who's so confident, the comeback kid. The excuses for the comeback kid not to debate Trump are starting to pile up over The Atlantic. David Frum wrote that the networks want their show, but to give the challenger Trump equal status on a TV stage would be a dire normalization of his attempted coup. The constitution is not debatable.So, Chris, you get the sense that the -- the kind of Never Trumpers are setting up this process by which anyone urging Biden to be on stage with someone like Trump. I mean, they wanted everyone to think he's sub-human at this point.CHRIS BEDFORD, THE FEDERALIST SENIOR EDITOR: And it's not really working. And David Frum and I can't believe he's still got a platform. He is just professionally --INGRAHAM: He's an old friend, but we've been part ways on politics.BEDFORD: He's -- he doesn't have a great track record of predicting either what's correct, what's right or what's in the future. But he does, he does strike that perfect tone for the moralizing you're hearing from a lot of the elites that it would be irresponsible to let the Americans have a choice here. It would be irresponsible to let voters decide in these sorts of things.INGRAHAM: Yes, so voters, Matt can't pick their candidate. So that's why a lot of them who call themselves civil libertarians are fine with gag orders, they're fine with shutting down protests, if protests don't agree with them. I'm going to get into that in the Angle in a little bit. But I want to get back to the media because they've been fawning over Biden's minor and I'm talking minor bump in national polling. But when you look at the states, that really matter, Trump is leading in nearly all of them. So Matt, its immediate blackout on battleground state polling for the most part. Why is that?TOWERY: Well, in part, because when you really get to the real battleground, we don't know the full makeup of the ballot yet, Laura, in some of these states, but a lot of these states are going to have RFK on the ballot, you may have someone else, for example, on the ballot as well. When you have two or three different candidates, and we run these various names out there, Cornel West, for example, then Biden, that takes a lot out of Biden and Trump goes even higher up now.Now, no one wants to concentrate on that right now. And I understand we don't have all these ballots fixed yet. But I have a feeling that is, we're ultimately going to see a lot of the media say, should Trump be convicted in this ridiculous trial? Should he be convicted? We'll probably have overnights at a rush out saying, you know, Trump loses 15 percent of his support --INGRAHAM: I don't believe it.TOWERY: -- and then they're going to try to create -- they're going to create -- try to create --INGRAHAM: I don't believe it.TOWERY: -- the story of saying, what do the Republicans do about their conviction? I wouldn't believe those polls either, but I think --INGRAHAM: Yes.TOWERY: -- that's what may be coming our way. I think that's what they think they're going to do.INGRAHAM: Yes. All right. I think that's right. Chris and Matt, I gave you short shrift tonight, Chris, but we'll have you both back soon. Thank you so much. All right, J6 are still getting rounded up, four years later. Meanwhile, liberals don't bat an eye when anti-Israel pro-Hamas protesters wreak havoc against innocent Americans across the nation. This is happening. My Angle explains it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Free speech for them, not for you. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.All right, America's left hates all things that Americans have generally supported, like Israel.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, they intertwine Israel, America. America, it's all the same to them. Let them all burn. Now, let's imagine the reaction of the Biden DOJ and FBI. If thousands upon thousands of America-first Republicans organized protests that shut down the major freeways and bridges in places like California, New York, Chicago, disrupting air travel, car travel, and shouting these hateful chants about, let's say, illegal aliens and Biden himself.Well, we know what would happen to them. There would be a big press conference to be called by some slick DOJ prosecutor. He'd announce his task force and the nationwide manhunt for the offenders.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Literally, days after this event happened, we have already opened 170, more than 170 subject files, meaning these individuals have been identified as potential persons that committed crimes on the Capitol grounds. Just the gamut of cases and criminal conduct we're looking at is really mind-blowing.The marching orders by federal law enforcement was to find, fix and charge these individuals as fast as possible.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, the media would lap it all up. They would nod in agreement as they did to Shorin. They'd talk about how hateful the crowd was, veins bulging. There'd be talk of possible RICO charges, conspiracy to violate civil rights.The absolute maximum punishment would be thrown at these protesters, to put as many of those protesters in jail for as long as possible. That would be the goal. Some might be held in solitary confinement for months.Look, our system is set up to give broad discretion to our DOJ. It's supposed to be equal justice under the law, so discretion isn't such a bad thing. But in recent years, that principle has been shredded and we've seen investigations colored by politics. It's very dangerous. The discretion to charge generally only is used in one direction now, and that's against conservatives.From the way they went after the J-6ers, to how they descended on people like Roger Stone, remember that? And what they're still doing to Donald Trump. Speak about what you consider to be the corruption of the court and they'll throw you in jail, or at least threaten it. That's a tactic that would make Putin very proud.And the same analysis really applies to college campuses. Conservative students protesting with the same tone and viciousness as the pro-Hamas crowd would be expelled and blacklisted by every Fortune 500 company in America.The fact is, if you live or work in places where the liberal cult mindset dominates, then you have to say what they want you to say, and you have to do what they want you to do or you're going to be punished.Look at what that hissing Cobra Megan Rapinoe did to that poor Christian soccer player, Corbin Albert. She merely reposted a sermon about how transgenderism is wrong. She was forced to apologize. And then Megan Rapinoe, of course, took a bow.Now, everyone needs to understand what we're all up against. This new inquisition is very well funded and always seeking new targets. The Democrat slush fund known as Act Blue, with support from George Soros, and big support, I might add, announced that it was helping pay the bail of any of the anti-Israel, anti-USA protesters who were arrested.Well, of course, the Europeans and the Canadians, they're suppressors of free speech. They've been at this game for a lot longer. And of course, the results there are a lot more shocking.Today in Brussels, the National Conservatism Conference was shut down by authorities. As Nigel Farage took the stage for his keynote, Belgian police arrived outside. Emir Kir, the mayor of the district where the event was being held, said he had issued a shutdown order to, quote, "guarantee public safety." He added the far-right is not welcome in the city. Yeah, just the anti-Semites.Well, a few true liberals in Europe came out against the shutdown, but not many. And we all know that in their heart of hearts, the far-left of today believes that certain people do not believe should not get free speech.MSNBC, CNN, they're always reminding everyone that they're only going to take a Trump event if the news of the day requires it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Let me just tell our viewers so I don't startle them what we are doing. We have made a decision on this first day that if Donald Trump comes out and starts talking, we might want to listen to him for a little bit. We're going to do something. We're going to do it together. I promise we're going to come out of this if he starts lying or threatening people.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Others are urging that Biden not debate Trump at all, as we just said with that quote from The Atlantic magazine, especially bad because they're just essentially saying that he's subhuman, he's evil, and he doesn't deserve to be treated like a real candidate. Talk about election interference.Now, freedom of speech still exists for the left, but not so much for the rest of you. In fact, I think most sensible people, when you talk to them about these issues, if they have a traditional set of beliefs or slightly traditional set of beliefs, even, they just get used to self-censoring. They watch what they say all the time. It's the only way to avoid having their kids shunned at school or maybe even losing their jobs.Look at what happened to that poor senior editor at the taxpayer-supported NPR. After blowing the whistle on the pro-Democrat bias among what is overwhelmingly a liberal executive workforce staff there, his bosses suspended him. How's that for all things considered?Now, we're not dealing with the old liberals anymore. Get used to this. They used to relish debate. They were proud to be free speech absolutists. Today, the landscape is filled with landmines, and those landmines are planted by ruthless anti-free speech radicals.Say the wrong thing, associate with the wrong people, be in the wrong place, and yeah, they want you blown up. It's time to expose them as the sniveling cowards and wannabe tyrants that they are. It is time for all of us, each and every one of us, to be fearless, and that's the Angle.Joining me now is Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton. Senator, great to see you tonight. It was pretty pathetic yesterday that protesters were cementing themselves, we're looking at video now, into barrels and pipes so they couldn't be removed. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.UNKNOWN: Let go of the bar. Come on, let go of the bar.UNKNOWN: Stop.UNKNOWN: Let go of the bar. Let go of the bar.UNKNOWN: Stop, you're hurting me.UNKNOWN: Let go of the bar.UNKNOWN: He's free, he's free. Take him out.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, this is just one of the absurd videos, but you've been criticized for saying people should take matters into their own hands to get them out of the way. Do you stand by that tonight?SENATOR TOM COTTON (R-AR): Of course I do, Laura. I mean, what do you expect people to do when they've got to get to work, they've got to pick up a kid, maybe they're trying to take care of an ailing parent, heaven forbid, they're trying to get a loved one to the hospital.All of these pro-Hamas lunatics can, I don't know, get a permit and protest in a park and wave around their little Hamas flags if they want to make fools of themselves, but they have no right to block traffic, especially on major highways or city streets when other people are trying to go about their business.And yes, what the police should do is get there promptly and arrest these people and throw the book at them if they're allowed to by their often left-wing-Democratic mayors.But in the meantime, these lunatics shouldn't be surprised if their fellow motorists get out and remove them from the road forcibly so they can go about their business, because they have no right to be blocking public streets.INGRAHAM: Now, Senator, Fox's Hillary Vaughn press some progressive Dems about these types of protests. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Anti-Israel protesters shut down bridges and blocked airports. Are you OK with that?UNKNOWN: Are they anti-Israel or are they for Palestinian rights?UNKNOWN: Anti-Israel protesters blocking the Brooklyn Bridge were burning the American flag and chanting death to America. Do you support that type of protest?(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: Do you condemn this type of rhetoric? Are you OK with people burning the American flag?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The fastest Katie Porter has ever moved. Why are they also silent, Senator?Tom; Well, Laura, they're silent because, as you said, this isn't just left-wing protesters. This is the entire machinery of the Democratic Party that protects these radical ideologues.INGRAHAM: This is who they are.COTTON: As you said, Act Blue, which is -- yeah --INGRAHAM: This is the Democrat Party.COTTON: -- the Democratic fundraising machine is using -- is raising money to pay for bail for these lunatics, just like Kamala Harris raised money to pay for the bail for the BLM riders in the summer of 2020.This is the Democratic Party machinery supporting these radical ideologues. And of course, they are sympathetic to the causes that they're advocating as well.So, they're not really sympathetic to people who are trying to catch a flight at O'Hare to go visit a parent, or see a kid's graduation, or to a mom who's got to get her kid to the doctor's office, or school in the morning.They're sympathetic to all of these anti-Israel, pro-Hamas protesters, and therefore they don't want to take a position on what they're doing to violate the law.INGRAHAM: Senator --COTTON: What I'm saying is really nothing --INGRAHAM: What do you say -- what do you -- just really quickly. If these people were protesting the open border and had shut down these major arteries going into airports, don't you think Merrick Garland would be announcing massive RICO charges, huge task force that do another J6 on this? Would they not?COTTON: Yeah, it'd be SWAT teams coming in, just like you saw at the Supreme Court today, Laura, where the Fed stretched the law to round up hundreds of January 6th defendants, stretching it beyond its plain meaning to include two counts against Donald Trump. That's what they do when it's conservatives undertaking such activities.INGRAHAM: Unbelievable. Senator Cotton, thank you so much. All right. Only in Biden's America, the newcomers marched more for more free stuff. What they want, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Today, we are having a hearing centering the experiences of black immigrants in New York City. And if you are not overwhelmed by the beautiful black faces that are present here today and surrounding City Hall, something is profoundly wrong with you.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, hundreds of illegals gathered outside of City Hall today ahead of a New York City Council hearing on what's called the black migrant experience. Now, the goal presumably was to better understand how the city is addressing language access barriers, cultural competency challenges, health needs and other roadblocks that the so-called newcomers face.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I am surrounded right now by hundreds of illegal immigrants from New Guinea, and also from Haiti. All right. So majority single men from Africa. We have been told as American citizens that all of these people are coming into our country because they are seeking asylum. But every single migrant that I've spoken to today has talked about how they are here simply to work.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Savanah Hernandez, Frontline's reporter for Turning Point USA. Savannah, well, these are economic migrants. This is not -- these are not refugees, and we all know that. That's just ludicrous. But what else did you find?SAVANAH HERNANDEZ, FRONTLINES TURNING POINT USA REPORTER: Well, Laura, I went and I spoke to a lot of these people as well as I could, many of them speaking French. But what I found is that they were here to plead with the city for more resources. You know, the same thing that we find every single time when we come to New York, more migrants, more people asking for handouts.I was at one of the local NGO's and one of the most shocking things that I've discovered this trip is that, not only are they giving these migrants free tickets throughout the entire United States, but also around the world, because that is how desperate New York is getting to get these migrants out of their city.But because it is such a nice setup here, right, with the sanctuary city, free hotels, free food, free daycare, free medical care, they want to stay here.INGRAHAM: Wow. Well, some of the illegals did not appreciate you one bit., Savannah. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Miss. Miss. Miss. (INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: I'm sorry, but this is the United States. We have the First Amendment here. We are allowed to actually film, OK. Well, you don't get to tell me what I can and cannot film. You guys are out here in public today. So, you know, welcome to the United States of America here.Where are you guys from? Where are you from? No, nobody wants to talk to me about where you guys are from.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Savanah, were you ever afraid there, in that group? Or it's just people were kind of annoyed and irritated?HERNANDEZ: Absolutely, Laura. There was no -- there was a huge language barrier here. These are all single adult men that are convening, again, as I walked into City Hall today, or I guess the area in front of it, there were thousands of single men here.I think I saw maybe in total 10 to 20 women in the crowd. It's majority men, and they're all here to take the resources of New York City. It seems extremely unsafe.And I've talked to a lot of New Yorkers as well. We're extremely upset about the situation. There was even a grandmother who was outside of this NGO who told me, off the record, she was, like, I'm in mourning right now. Please do not record me. But an illegal immigrant just killed my granddaughter.So, I'm extremely upset about this situation. And then, you know, a couple minutes later, I have a Russian immigrant leaving this NGO singing about how he's getting a free trip to Chicago.INGRAHAM: Yeah, this is all paid for, by the way, by the U.S. tax dollars, because those NGOs are getting federal tax dollars to resettle and tend to the needs of the migrants. Forget the people in New York have to deal with the filthy subways and the crime and so forth. But you definitely have to tend to the folks from all parts of the globe.Savannah, glad you're OK. Look, got a little hot there. Glad the flyers were out there advertising free travel accommodations for the migrants to any destinations. We have those flyers as well. Savannah, thank you for being out there.All right. The media tries to give Biden a makeover. And forget throuples, liberals have a new disturbing dating friend -- trend. Not friend. Jimmy Failla is a friend and he's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now it's time for WTF. What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday night. All right, Jim, we've seen the media swing and miss when they've tried to like hide or downplay Biden's decline, like when they tried to make his orthopedic sneakers look cool.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: These are called the Hoka transport. And as you can see, they look quite comfortable. They have a wide sole, no doubt great for stability. And the president does have a history of stumbling.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And now the New York Times presents the Biden guide to dressing younger. I kid you not. Biden gives offhand masterclasses on the wardrobe tricks that distract from the inevitable predations of time.If there's anything that distinguishes the style of the man occupying the Oval Office, it is how all but imperceptibly he's learned to dress in a manner that seems simultaneously approachable and commanding, dignified, yet not remote, venerable, yet vigorous and remarkably fashion savvy. Jimmy, take it away.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: First of all, the idea that they're allowing this man to dress himself at this point, that's adorable. They don't even let him pick out his own diapers. Give me a break.But it had to hurt this reporter to engage in this level of propaganda, like he had to have cried in the shower after writing this, because he tried to make the case that Biden's like some young hip fashionista.Dude, he is not looking like Giorgio Armani. He looks like he graduated with Giorgio Washington, OK? The guys in his late hundreds. Stop.INGRAHAM: All right, Jimmy, the Times is really hitting it out of the park, though, because it also had a piece. And I couldn't even believe -- I thought this was a joke, like a Babylon B. A massive polyamory group, which is now called a polycule.FAILLA: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Members of the group described it as a complex kinship network. Just a little kinkier. It reflects radical queer values. Our polycule is large, 20 or more people in their mid-20's to mid-40's. They're self- identified males who identify as heteroflexible, heterosexual, bisexual.There's a non-binary person in a partridge in a pear tree. Every femme presenting person or woman identifies as queer. A lot of people are married and have primary partnerships.Jimmy, this is what apparently is that -- this is the America that The New York Times celebrates. This is the one they've always been waiting for.FAILLA: Isn't it amazing, though, how they come up with terminology to reconfigure behavior. Like, these are people who are sleeping around. That's what this is. You know what I mean? Like, where I live in New York, Laura, you can't call someone a pervert anymore. You have to call them Governor Cuomo.INGRAHAM: Oh, yes, you can.FAILLA: Yeah. Well, yeah, you call him Governor Cuomo. But basically, that's what this is. It's people sleeping around. I mean, they're like, oh, it's a polycule, which is --INGRAHAM: An orgy. That's like an orgy.FAILLA: That's what I mean. Yeah.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: It's like it sounds like mathematical. Sounds mathematical. Polly.FAILLA: If someone is in a relationship but still wants to catch an STD. Congratulations.INGRAHAM: It's a polynomial with an orgy. I mean, this is -- So, Jimmy, finally, Gen Z has a new way of preventing wrinkles.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's supposed to help you not get wrinkles. Like, it looks really odd while using. But, I mean, if I stay looking youthful, I mean, nothing says I'm going to be youthful forever like Diet Coke out of an anti-wrinkle straw. So.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, my God, I hate the Stanley's so much. I hate them. I hate the sound they make. I hate people carrying them. Well, drink at home. I really don't want to see your Stanley. Jimmy, go.FAILLA: Well, I think that's like the whole hook of this. Is they have a word for people who use these. They are called idiots. And the way you avoid wrinkles, Laura, is because if you're drinking one of these, nobody's inviting you outside the house to hang out. That's it. So, there's no --INGRAHAM: That's it. Jimmy hits the Stanley. Jimmy, thanks so much. Great to see you. Remember, it's Jesse next. Follow me on social media. Fun little video before the show tonight.