KEVIN O'LEARY, "SHARK TANK" INVESTOR: And here we are. Let's remember that lesson.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, I'll put you down as a maybe on this thing. Kevin, always good seeing you, thank you very much.All right, that'll do it here, the Dow finishing up about 63 points, concerns about (INAUDIBLE) taxes going up but interest rates going up. Here's THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Piers Morgan, Sandra Smith and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I should be right now in Pennsylvania and Florida, in many other states, North Carolina, Georgia campaigning. This is all coming from the Biden White House because the guy can't put two sentences together. He can't campaign. He's using this in order to try and win an election.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: If you can't beat them, lawfare them. Democrats scheme to knock Trump off his game, saddle him with bogus legal trials while his chief opponent gets a huge head start is on full display today.On the left-hand side, Scranton Joe Biden hitting the campaign trail in Pennsylvania. On the right, Donald Trump spent his day fighting to avoid being locked up after returning to a courtroom in Manhattan for day two of the messy paperwork showdown of the century. Biden rubbing it in Trump's face and peppering him with hoax after hoax.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He learned that paying taxes was something people who work for a living did, not him. He learned that telling people you're fired was something to laugh about.Listen to what he says. He says, "I'll be dictator on day one". "I am your retribution." Promises "a bloodbath if he loses."I wake every morning thinking about how to make life better like you do for working middle-class families here in Scranton and all across the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Today, six jurors were officially selected to serve on Trump's criminal trial. 12 more to go. Others got dismissed after copping to being impartial. Trump did however smile at a guy who said he had read a few of his books.At one point, the judge scolding the former president for audibly muttering while a juror was speaking, warning him that he won't tolerate that. Radical D.A. Alvin Bragg is hungry to lock up Trump, filing a motion to hold the ex-president in contempt and fined him $3,000 for alleged breaches of a gag order against disparaging trial witnesses. The liberal media getting their kicks about a report that Donald Trump fell asleep during the proceedings, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He made a pretty specific stare at me and walked out of the room. I reported earlier that he had appeared to fall asleep. I've seen lots of people fall asleep in courtrooms. I have seen jurors fall asleep. I have seen judges fall asleep.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: The wheels of justice grind slowly, I did not think they would grind so slowly that they would rock the defendant apparently to sleep.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Imagine committing so many crimes, you get bored at your own trial.LULU GARCIA-NAVARRO, OPINION AUDIO PODCAST HOST, THE NEW YORK TIMES: Word of the day, contematious. That's all I have to say about that.JIM ACOSTA, CNN HOST: Way to go. I mean, that's better than Fake Snooze and I worked on that.ELLIOT WILLIAMS, CNN LEGAL ANALYST: And Enemy of the Sleeple.ACOSTA: I doubt anybody at home is nodding off after the conversation.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Joy Reid somehow topping all of that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: There is something wonderfully poetic about the fact that despite the fact that even if convicted, he's not going to go to prison. The first person to actually criminally prosecute Donald Trump is a black Harvard grad, and a black woman is doing this same exact thing in Georgia and a black woman forced you to pay $175 million fine. Go DEI, my DEI are bringing it home.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Go DEI, Greg.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: She said it's wonderfully poetic, but that -- there was no rhyming there. She should have said it's really all right, because the victim is white. She could have said because I'm black, I can pull off a racist attack. Or I can be a bigoted grump because I got hair like Trump. That would have been nice.Imagine if a white person said this. You know, this is so poetic how these white folks are giving it to the black man. And it does reflect -- I'm joking, but it reflects a seething hatred that she does have for whites of which MSNBC amplifies and somehow protects. It's a carbon copy of the O.J. trial. It said a black man killed two whites, so it's excusable.But reverse racism is still racism. Right there and MSNBC should know that, Trump appearing to sleep and be bored is exactly the response this kafkaesque persecution deserves. He is America who unlike this frothing infantile media doesn't see this as some mutant form of entertainment and justice. Trump should go to trial, bring a big book, big fat John Grisham novel, just sit there and read. Just sit there and read, that's the only response this manufactured mayhem deserves is just contempt.Maybe he should just bring a bag lunch, a newspaper kickback and just you know, because it's a waste -- they're wasting his time. They want him to break down like, you know, an anti-Israel activist, weeping. It's not going to happen.WATTERS: I'm going to send them a copy of Get It Together so he can open it up inside the courtroom.Sandra, you covered this today, you saw some of these jurors. They cannot be impartial. And some of them looked a little stealthy to me, like they were trying to get on the jury.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. Well, the president takes to the microphone to airs frustration that he's sitting there, while Joe Biden's campaigning there. Scranton, New Jersey.What was really interesting, I've said this to you guys right before the show went live. We were covering Biden's speech there in Scranton, his hometown working class 75,000 people. It was -- it was somewhat angry. He was very forceful about how he can do better for them. That's a tough case to make to people when they're paying roughly 888 more dollars a month because of the Bidenflation.By the way, he never mentioned Bidenomics, he was not touting Bidenomics by name. Under this presidency, their gas prices are up $1.oo in Pennsylvania, since this president took office. You've got the median home plate price in Pennsylvania, up 30 percent. There's an affordability crisis in Pennsylvania. And he's trying to tell those working-class voters that his policies are working.So, while the former president can't be on the ground campaigning there in Pennsylvania, his record surely is speaking for itself. But an interesting split screen though, that Biden is out there, and he has to sit there.WATTERS: Piers, did you ever fall asleep during "The Apprentice"?PIERS MORGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Absolutely not. That's why I won jersey. Thank you for reminding the American people.WATTERS: You're welcome.MORGAN: And look, I just think actually, this is playing brilliantly for Trump, he just has to sit in that courtroom all day, every day, he needs to let Biden go off and lose his mind in making speeches that are incoherent and don't make much sense. And as you said, you know, remind people actually this is the guy who's been in charge and affecting my life adversely.But there's also at the heart of this. There is a real hypocrisy, particularly about this case. And I wrote about this for the New York Post today. And in my research for the column, I just discovered what I think is probably the best example of hypocrisy, which is yesterday, we touched on the fact that Trump may not be allowed to go to his son Barron's graduation ceremony, which I think most parents would have heard that and gone, wow, really. Now, it's not been decided. But he sort of laid out the path that he may not let him go.Well, you know, who did go to his child's graduation ceremony was Bill Clinton? He went to Chelsea's in the 90s when he was president, and he took to the stage and he made a speech and talking of his great pride.Now, that was the same Bill Clinton who last time I checked had sex with an intern in the Oval Office and paid Paula Jones $850,000 to get rid of an allegation of harassment and abuse.While he was a sitting president of the United States, I didn't see him in a courtroom for six weeks in an election year. So, my message to my liberal friends is this. Why do you think this is going to do any good for you? Why do you not think people will see through this absolute double standard?John Legend was on MSNBC talking about Trump being the epitome of a two- tiered justice system. He is. One rule for Trump. Another rule for any Democrat presidents who've been in I would argue far worse situations when it comes to sexual peccadilloes.So, I think that this is actually in the end going to play well for Trump. I think this is a reality show playing out every day, all day of him sitting in that courtroom, reminding people of a double standard.GUTFELD: Did you -- do you remember what Bill Clinton said when he spoke to the students? Call me when you're 18.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine -- congrats on being the first THE FIVE hosts to say peccadilloes.MORGAN: Thank you very much.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine, how did you --MORGAN: My ongoing instruction in the English language.WATTERS: How did you interpret day two of this trial?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Well, I was stunned that they have as many jurors as they have.But you know, I go back to the -- to the legalities of it. Number one, I say to myself, you've got 87 percent of the people in Manhattan who voted against Donald Trump. You've got a man with 100 percent name recognition. I mean, there's no question about it. We've got a fundamental principle that you're going to be tried by a jury of your peers. But when you can actually prove that the jury is anti-Trump, as in 87, to 90 percent anti-Trump.And remember, jurors are taken from the voter rolls, they are taken from motor vehicles and a few other places, but primarily the voter rolls. I know this, I used to impanel jurors all the time.And yet, what they're saying is, even though 87 percent of Manhattan is against him, even though this trial is also about politics, and the man who's been tried is the politician, we're going to deny your change of venue and make you -- make you have this trial here. It would have been very easy for this trial to be moved to Westchester or Rockland, which are both swing counties, and they would have had a more fair jury, a more split jury.And this is a case that not only calls for it, it demands it. And so, I believe that no matter what they do here, this is a -- this is a hate Donald Trump jury.The second point, the gag order in this country has always been at a crossroads with the First Amendment. I've been gagged as a D.A. As a judge, I have gagged D.A.s and defense attorneys.But when you gag, you gag both sides, and when you've got Michael Cohen just a few days ago, trashing Donald Trump on April 12th. And Donald Trump is granted a gag and cannot respond to that. And Cohen is talking about the Georgia case. He's talking about the Florida documents case. He's talking about this case. And this judge is good with that? And the optics of at the top of this thing, Joe Biden trashing Donald Trump and Trump being gagged because he's locked down in a criminal courtroom in a jury that hates him in a fake misdemeanor that's bootstrapped by a felony that no one knows anything about. This is not America. This is a kangaroo court with a kangaroo judge, whose daughter's making millions and you can't gag me, and this president should not be gagged.WATTERS: Have you ever been gagged?MORGAN: -- getting thoughts of that.GUTFELD: Just get gag to (AUDIO GAP) town.WATTERS: The liberal media thinks you're stupid and poor, Katie Couric letting it rip on MAGA voters.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Racket bitter clingers and Hillary had her basket of deplorables. And now Katie Couric become the latest elite blowhard to psychoanalyze Trump supporters. America's sweetheart now an old fart thinks he's cracked the code of MAGA by calling them a bunch of rubes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATIE COURIC, FORMER CBS NEWS ANCHOR: Socioeconomic disparities are a lot and class resentment is a lot what an anti-intellectualism and elitism is what is driving many of these anti-establishment, which are Trump voters.I don't know if you've ever been jealous of some -- what someone else has or resentful. It is such a corroding and bitter almost vile feeling.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow. Even after the colonoscopy, she's still full of crap. Anyway, she's a prime example of the rot in the liberal media. Remember the NPR veteran who blew the whistle on that outlets anti-Trump bias? Well, instead of changing how they cover the dawn, NPR just suspended the guy for speaking the truth.All right, this is kind of fun. What happened, Judge, to Katie Couric? You know what, people should get behind Trump because he upsets the right people, she's like shrinking.PIRRO: She's shrinking in a lot of ways. I think she's shrinking mentally too. I mean, you know what it's like when you're jealous of people in the vile. I mean, what the hell is she talking about?But, you know, for years, you know, they were the people who didn't like people, you know, they loved everybody, they had the big umbrella and now they hate everybody who supports Donald Trump.And you know, if there's anything that's anti-intellectual, and she talks about anti-intellectuals, if someone like her takes a broad brush approach and simply says that, you know, we're a bunch of jealous people and that, you know, we don't have a brain, but I don't -- you know, I've never been a real fan of hers, and I don't know have a lot to say, other than she just can't deal with it. And she's typical of the Democrats who absolutely hate anybody who doesn't think like they do.GUTFELD: You know, Piers, I bet she has a number of peccadilloes.MORGAN: We've had a few discussions about the word peccadilloes. So, let's just for the record, for those who don't know what it means, because I don't want to dazzle you with my knowledge of the English language, obviously, it is a small, relatively unimportant offence or sin. And the point that was making is that one night allegedly with a porn star in Beverly Hills, comparative to the filing an intern in the Oval Office or paying somebody $150,000 to get rid of an abuse harassment case, I would think the American people, if they're being honest with themselves would view the Clinton offense is a slightly higher level of peccadillo, than the offense that Trump is currently languishing in a quorum for.As for Katie Couric, interesting, isn't it? Because Trump got 10 million more votes in 2020 than 2016. So, people looked at his presidency, which, according to the left was the worst of all time, and 10 million more Americans voted for him the second time around.And Katie Couric claiming that all the people that support Trump are jealous, bitter and resentful. This is somebody who wrote a book a few years ago called Going There, in which she went there. She launched a series of jealous, bitter and resentful attacks on other female T.V. hosts from Ashleigh Banfield to Deborah Norville, to Diane Sawyer to Martha Stewart, there was nobody spared the bitter jealous and resentful Roth of Katie Couric in that book.So, for her to start lambasting 80 million Americans who will have the gall in her eyes to vote for the non-intellectual Trump, when she herself has been so hypocritical about spilling the bar herself. I suggest she puts a sock in it.GUTFELD: It is so -- see Jesse, that's what happens when people do research before the show. She's saying MAGA is dumb. And I guess coming from the "Today's" show, which is the bastion of intellectualism, right? I mean, Matt Lauer was irregular. Ludwig von Mises.WATTERS: I don't know who that is.GUTFELD: Austrian economist.WATTERS: So, before we get started, I just do have to make a clarification about something that was said during the last block. Kennedy mentioned peccadilloes a year ago. So, I was wrong about that. It's been mentioned twice by Kennedy and now Piers. So again, I'm deeply deeply sorry for that.MORGAN: I believe the American version of this is Shenanigans.WATTERS: Shenanigans. I did. Eleanor Roosevelt famously said, great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, small minds talk about people. Katie Couric seems to me like she talks a lot about people. And she talks a lot about one person in particular, Donald Trump.A lot of the great idea guys around, Greg Gutfeld.GUTFELD: Thank you.WATTERS: Jordan Peterson.GUTFELD: He's OK.WATTERS: Joe Rogan,GUTFELD: Nice guy.WATTERS: X.MORGAN: Cute guy.WATTERS: Piers Morgan.MORGAN: Thank you.WATTERS: Those are the kinds of spaces where people are talking about ideas where people who are curious, come in, and they're humble, and they listen. And that's what people are attracted to right now. I see those shows, and all you see is love and affection.When I walk around D.C. or New York City, I see a lot of bitterness. I don't see a lot of very smart people who have it together. I see a lot of people living in boxes, in dead-end jobs and they're jealous of people that can live outside most of the day and have fresh food and sunlight.And I think she's confusing, anti-intellectual with anti-establishment. We see the people in the establishment as trying to appear to be intellectuals. But what they're really doing is, in doing so making stupid decisions, or staying stupid things like the Supreme Court nominee, who couldn't define a woman, or the Harvard president who said, oh, if you chant kill the Jews, it's not harassment, or the CEOs that trade factories for fentanyl or the politicians who shut down schools for two years. We see that as really dumb. We see that as anti-science or as anti-human. And so, we just don't like being lectured to by people who maybe went to the right schools, the do and say all the wrong things.GUTFELD: Well put, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you.GUTFELD: You are a man of the people.WATTERS: I am.GUTFELD: You know, doubles? I want to talk to you about NPR. They suspended this editor who blew the whistle. I thought the left loved whistleblowers. And also, can't they have their government funding pulled because they're not an objective source for journalism?SMITH: Sure. I think you'd --GUTFELD: You don't seem certain on that.SMITH: No, I'm (INAUDIBLE) I'm just thinking about the frame of your question with Katie Couric, which by the way, I think I was saying this at the break. You know, what happened to her? Like, she just seemed so bitter and angry. And some of us grew up watching her on the "Today" show, and they embraced her. And she's changed.I think so many people are not shocked to see an elite -- elitist member of the media out there calling out what they see as the lunatic fringe right, right? But where's the -- where's, you know -- where's the dichotomy of the far-left lunatics out there that are chanting Death to America in Dearborn, Michigan, and there's no conversation in that interview being had.So, not shocking to hear both sides calling each other out. But when you look at the lunatic fringe right, what are they taking issue with waving big American flags off their pickup trucks, and on the lunatic fringe left, they're chanting Death to America?I mean, remember that when you hear her calling out the far right for being jealous, bitter, resentful people. And that interview was really interesting. I think it stopped a lot of people in their tracks. It's like 2020, all over again.MORGAN: And according to Bill Maher who did actually take her up on it. And he said, look, you can criticize Trump as much as you'd like. You don't criticize all his voters on mass like somehow there's some appalling --GUTFELD: She doesn't know one, she's probably never met one. That's the thing, you know?All right. Coming up, Gavin Newsom just said that Biden needs brain enhancers.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Nobody tell Joe Biden but Gavin Newsom is still running his shadow campaign for president despite claiming the contrary.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Under any circumstances would you get in this primary?GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): No. No. Who in their mind would want to run when you have someone of such esteem as our incumbent President of the United States?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is that a yes or a no?NEWSOM: That was -- it was a never-ending response to your question.I think we need to move pass this notion that he's not going to run. President Biden is going to run and I'm looking forward to getting him reelected.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: The greasy one is stealing Biden's spotlight and getting a big glossy profile in the Atlantic titled Gavin Newsom can't help himself. California smooth talker cracking Joe's about how Biden should be popping brain pills like Prevagen to sooth voters' nerves about his age. The reporter calling him out on that one and Gavin responded by saying, "I don't know if I was joking but I was lamenting about how many different ways on different networks I've answered this question in an effort to try to answer a little differently each time."My gosh. Is he like trying to be Kamala Harris?SMITH: I was wondering where he was during the entire bridge debacle yesterday. So, he wasn't quick to stand up for that. I don't know. I watched Biden on the stage today. That's going to lead to more questions when he was exiting once again, didn't know where he was going. There's a reason people are asking about that. But Newsom's pro -- I think he is probably getting antsy. I don't know if he's getting in.PIRRO: Yes. All right. And what about the Prevagen? He basically is saying Joe needs Prevagen.MORGAN: I have some information on Prevagen.PIRRO: You do?MORGAN: Yes, I do.PIRRO: Go right ahead, Piers.MORGAN: Part of my extensive research for this program which I always conduct, Jesse.WATTERS: A research?MORGAN: So, part of this is interesting because it has all the normal side effects, you know, headache, nausea, and stuff. But it can also in certain people, it can have the exact opposite effect apparently of what it's supposed to do.PIRRO: Really?MORGAN: Yes. So, my theory is that Biden may have actually been on Prevagen and that Gavin Newsom knows this because if you have the reverse syndrome, which only a small number of people get, apparently you can have cognitive impairment, memory lapses, and confusion. One user on Amazon said I had concentration blackouts where all of a sudden it's like I just woke up and was totally lost and I had no idea where I was.So, my theory is that -- is that he's let slip to Newsom, hence the mentioning of Prevagen, that he's been on it but he's having the reverse effect which only afflicts a small number of people.PIRRO: All right, I'll go back to you, Jesse.WATTERS: Well, I mean, I did my research too, Piers, and it turns out --MORGAN: See, I'm making you raise your game, Jesse.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: It turns out, according to my sources, you're on Prevagen. And you're experiencing the same side effects as the President. So, there. I think that he was telling the truth and Biden probably needs pills and he shouldn't have said it to a reporter. But if you're asked a question a zillion times, something like is going to come out. And I hate to say this and I probably shouldn't say it, but there's something stupidly likable about Gavin Newsom. When he answers the question well, yes or no, and he goes. I mean, that's just -- there's something real whether it's really stupid or really human, Gavin Newsom makes me laugh. As a guy that comes across as like --PIRRO: You're kidding.WATTERS: -- just not really pulling off the sincerity, like winking at it.MORGAN: I agree.PIRRO: Jesse, he comes across as a lying politician who can't give a straight answer.WATTERS: But he knows he's a lying politician and that's what's funny about him.PIRRO: Yes, I don't like lying politicians. Go ahead, Greg.GUTFELD: I do -- I understand Jesse because you also said you really identified with Patrick Bateman from American Psycho.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: So, you know, I think it's kind of cruel to suggest brain pills for Joe Biden because that assumes he has a brain to work with. You can water a dead plant all you want, it's still going to be dead. To me, gassim -- gasm? Gasm Newsom --WATTERS: I like that.GUTFELD: Gassim Newsom is like sniveling near do well from every Columbo episode. You know, he's impatiently waiting for the odd, old rich uncle to die and then he finally decides you know maybe it's time might push it along, you know. So, here's a -- here's some advice to you, Joe. Do not accept any invitations to go hiking with Gavin Newsom.We're at a time though where we need more than Prevagen. We're on the verge of World War III. We got a president who you know thinks Iran is something he only does when he has to go to the bathroom. In the old days, we had speak softly and carry a big stick. Now, it's whisper feebly and carry Life Alert. Even the visiting angels aren't taking his calls.PIRRO: Visiting angels.GUTFELD: Visiting angels.PIRRO: Coming up, Molly Ringwald wants pretty and pink to be pretty and woke.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A brain, a beauty, a jock, a rebel, and a recluse.MOLLY RINGWALD, ACTRESS: I can't believe this is really happening to me.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Before this day is over, they'll break the rules.(END VIDEO CLIP)MORGAN: Molly Ringwald is criticizing the 80's John Hughes films that made her famous. The actress is pondering potential remakes of classic it's like The Breakfast Club and Pretty and Pink. But instead of stressing over whether they'll be good, it's all about race. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RINGWALD: Those movies, the movies that you know, are I'm so well known for, they were very much of a time, you know. And if you were to remake that now, I think it would have to be much more diverse and it would have to be -- you know, you couldn't make a movie that white. Those movies are really very white and they don't really represent, you know, what it is to be a teenager in a school in America today, I don't think.(END VIDEO CLIP)MORGAN: OK, Greg, the movies were too white and she's ashamed of this. Why do we keep having this need to revisit everything which brought us pleasure at the time in the moment and suddenly re-edit them?GUTFELD: We -- it is a difference I think in philosophies. We have a large intelligencia. The left, they live in the past because that's where they pull out all these examples of persecution. If they want to go that route, let's remake shaft with Harry Styles. Let's do Ali but have Jake Gyllenhaal. He's ripped. I would like to see the Color Purple with Megan Fox. I think that would be amazing for me.I'm tired of remakes. Stop with the remakes, except for Roadhouse, which was absolutely amazing. But I'm all for diversity in movies and TV shows if the -- if the content is well-written, well-acted, well-directed. It's only when it's shoehorned and the presence of the actor is -- becomes the message in itself and it's distracting like this show The Diplomat, right? Really good TV series, except in every other scene they inserted a non- binary character in a bow tie. And the person just was standing around and you're going oh, that ticked three boxes. It ticked three boxes. So, they could make the show without being fined.MORGAN: Sandra, we've seen -- we've seen with like Disney trying to redo, you know, Snow White and the Seven Dwarves without dwarves and so on.GUTFELD: I lost the job.MORGAN: The actual remakes of these movies have been a catastrophe in most cases because it get woke to hell. But this -- again, I come back to looking back at history and trying to take today's thoughts, morals, ethics, whatever you want to call it, and implant them back. I just think it's such a waste of energy. Why can't we just let them stand the test of time and do stuff now?SMITH: I might be a skeptic that she's that deep. It might be more about now and her and making herself relevant in what is a very woke Hollywood, younger generation, make herself feel better, attract herself to younger audiences. Don't touch 16 Candles, OK. It just worked. It just worked. And it's one of those movies that even when you play it today, and so many of the themes of that movie are still relevant.But the remakes, they flop. People don't want them. And if Hollywood is going to go this route and remake it because of -- because she spoke out during the MeToo Movement, right? The MeToo Movement, she went after Breakfast Club. She said her character was sexually harassed in that film. What about every murder that takes place? And are we going to go back? It just doesn't seem well thought out, and it does seem a lot more about Molly Ringwald than making things right.MORGAN: And Judge, she even picked on movies that had nothing to do with it, Pretty Woman, which is I think one of the old time great classic films. She said Julia Roberts was wonderful in it but I didn't like the story. She said even then -- she said, I felt like there was something icky about it.PIRRO: You know what? I would think the majority of young women would love to have been Julia Roberts in that movie. I mean, you know, she just is not connected. And you know, if she's so upset by what she did in the past, well maybe she ought to like return the money and not take any royalties, put the royalties that she's still getting into something that, you know, is you know -- you know, that is a little more relevant to what she thinks is what's going on today.I don't think she's that deep either. I don't think she's that significant. I don't think she's that important. I think she's just speaking the words without really understanding what she's saying. Because if she's in, she should be all-in. And you know, she is -- she's not the most serious person out there.MORGAN: And Jesse, I'm sure you're going to make great. We'll go to you.GUTFELD: Well, I was just going to say, Pretty Woman, it was one of the weirdest films. There's never a hooker that good-looking. Julia Roberts is a hooker? Unbelievable.MORGAN: It's like when John Legend tried to rewrite the lyrics to Baby It's Cold Outside because he said it encouraged sexual abuse and violence. It's like, what are you talking about, you stupid man. And by the way, if you want to start rewriting stuff and changing videos, go and do it on some of your rapmates.PIRRO: Yes.MORGAN: I mean, I just thought it's so ridiculous.GUTFELD: And also, be pro-global warming if you hate that song.MORGAN: Yes. Jesse, this also reminded me when Megan Rapinoe just after she retired from the women's national soccer team said that she felt that trans athletes should now be encouraged to play in the women's national soccer team. They wouldn't have taken her place I noticed because she just retired. Is this a case of that where Molly Ringwald was like, yes, I wish they hadn't been so white but hey, I made all my money already.WATTERS: It is. And I've come up with a few titles which are more woke now from these 80s, Pretty in Pink Hair, 16 Genders.MORGAN: Those are good.WATTERS: Ferris Bueller's Day of Activism, The Breakfast CRT, and finally No Planes, Trains, or Automobiles, Planets Die.GUTFELD: Well done.MORGAN: That's very good.WATTERS: Thank you. The producers gave it to me.MORGAN: OK, up next, chaos in Georgia's Parliament is making American Congress look like a yoga retreat. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: I mean, if you thought our congress can get unruly, just wait until you see what mayhem goes down in Georgia's parliament.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: Wow. WWE-style chaos in the country that borders Russia. Lawmakers brawling while debating a controversial law on foreign agents. Opponents argued that the law would complicate Georgia's aim of joining the European Union. This seems right up your alley, Piers.PIRRO: Yes.MORGAN: Oh, I love this. And I would like to do a shout out for the M.P. Aleko Elisashvili who is the man who threw the offending punch who turns out to be a bit of a hero, actually. Although I wouldn't normally encourage violence obviously amongst parliamentarians. But he said afterwards on the street, he was wrestled to the ground and beaten up. And he said I got beaten, but if it's for Georgia then so be it. We must shove this law up there asses, he said, clenching his fist to a cheering crowd. This is no time for politeness. They are dragging us into Russia directly. We are either Georgians or slaves and we are not slaves.And I admire him because actually what this law they're trying to pass is all about --is making it more like Russia. It's intended to make it more like Russia. And it's similar to the legislation the Kremlin used to crack down on dissent in Russia. And so, this guy although he may have used uncouth methodology --PIRRO: Is he going to jail?MORGAN: I don't know what's happening to him, but I just admire the spirit of someone saying I'm not going to --PIRRO: Oh, my God.MORGAN: Well, let me tell you, a lot worse is going to happen to people if this law gets passed, right?PIRRO: OK.MORGAN: As we see what happens to dissidents in Russia.PIRRO: You know --SMITH: Go ahead, Judge.PIRRO: You know what I'd like to see if we were to have any kind of, you know, standoff? I'd like to see Mitch McConnell and Joe Biden. Or I'd like to see Adam Schiff and Jim Jordan.WATTERS: Oh, I got Jordan.PIRRO: OK, Gaetz and McCarthy. And then Marjorie Taylor-Greene and AOC.MORGAN: That would be a good one. That would be a good one.SMITH: Jesse?WATTERS: Well, I'm with Piers. I admire the spirit. And I just wish sometimes our members of Congress would have that type of passion instead of just day-trading all day and then leaving for their District on Thursday.SMITH: I mean, as our notes note, this makes our Congress look like a (INAUDIBLE).GUTFELD: Georgia is weird, man. But that's a South for you. That's all I got.SMITH: That was good. I'm sorry about Thunder. No?GUTFELD: What band is that?GUTFELD: Imagine Dragons. Really, Sandra? Imagine Dragons is 2014, and we went through -- we went through the Imagine Dragons phase, it wasn't pleasant.SMITH: So, can I give you the story behind it? I run a lot and it's got a great running beat.GUTFELD: Well, I would not stop running if I heard that song, Running Away.SMITH: OK. OK. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Judge.PIRRO: OK. Have you ever had to entertain kids on a -- on a trip check out this guy's strategy for his dog, using the windshield wiper and fluid to keep the pup amused. It wasn't even raining. It was purely for the pup's entertainment. And then when he stops, the dog stops. And then he has it and goes back and forth. And the people behind them are always taking pictures. OK, it's the best I could do. You know, it's Tuesday.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: You got to do what you got to do.PIRRO: It's only Tuesday.WATTERS: Greg.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got another great show and then I'm going to go away for a little while.WATTERS: Thank God.GUTFELD: Yes. Emily Compagno, Joe DeVito, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. And now, we're going to play this. Greg's guess the animal sound. All right, so I'm going to play these animal sounds and then we're going to go around the horn because I know that Piers has never played this before. And you have to guess what it is.OK, let's play the sound.PIRRO: OK.MORGAN: Hippo.GUTFELD: Piers says hippo. Judge?PIRRO: It's a motorcycle.GUTFELD: Well, it has to be an animal.WATTERS: A hog.GUTFELD: Did you say a hog?WATTERS: No, Chewbacca.GUTFELD: That's not an animal. It's not even real.WATTERS: If you say so.SMITH: Honestly, is it a dog? My dog sounds like that.PIRRO: What kind of dog do you have?GUTFELD: You say dog, Chewbacca --MORGAN: Hippo.GUTFELD: Hippo.PIRRO: I don't know.GUTFELD: You have to --PIRRO: OK. All right, how about a tiger?GUTFELD: Let's play.WATTERS: No way. You won?PIRRO: I won?GUTFELD: It's a cheetah.PIRRO: I won?GUTFELD: No, you're close.WATTERS: Same family.PIRRO: Well, I got the closest.GUTFELD: Yes, you did.PIRRO: I did. See, stop laughing at me.GUTFELD: You win 45,000 dogs.PIRRO: When do I get it? Yay!WATTERS: Congratulations.GUTFELD: Yes. All done.WATTERS: Sandra?SMITH: Oh, I'm super excited for mine. Love Mom, this is Dr Nicole Sapheir's new book. It is just out today. Inspiring story celebrating motherhood. I was really honored to have a chapter in this book. And we talked a lot -- we did an Fox Nation special. It was very therapeutic. We all sat together, Martha McCallum, Janice Dean, Carley, and we talked about the lessons we learned from our mothers that we're now passing down raising our own children. It's really a great book. Go out and get it today. foxnewsbooks.com.WATTERS: Wonderful. Speaking of, the Get It Together series continues on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" with a drug trafficker turned comedian. Here's a little taste.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, you can't do drugs anymore. Fentanyl has ruined it. It's ruined cocaine fun. I'm sorry, that's just the way it is.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: That's just the way it is. Piers?MORGAN: It wasn't a good one for you, Jesse. It's the invisibility mega shield based on Harry Potter. It's a precision-engineered lens that bends the light away from the person standing behind it. The shield took two years to develop from high-grade polycarbon, six foot tall and four foot wide, big enough to hide multiple people behind it. It cost $750. So, basically if you hid behind that, Jesse, you --WATTERS: We're going to be ordering it and putting it right here tomorrow.PIRRO: But why -- yes, but why would you buy that?WATTERS: People would love tomorrow's show with the invisibility shield right there.That's it for us. Have a great night!