JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to this special edition of HANNITY. I'm Jason Chaffetz, in for Sean.And tonight, the White House is totally detached from reality. The lack of awareness, empathy and leadership is just downright appalling. Well, Donald Trump attended a wake in Long Island for a slain New York City police officer, President Joe Biden was in Midtown Manhattan at a grand celebration of opulence. The president rubbed shoulders with celebrities, enjoyed a set of curated live musical performances and even made a grand entrance. Flanked by Obama and Clinton, Biden was raised through the floor onto the stage by a mechanical lift.Now if you wanted to bear witness to this spectacle, a donation of up to a half million dollars to Biden's campaign was required. The president did however give us a little glimpse inside free of charge, posting this image with the caption, quote, caught up with Barack Obama, Bill Clinton and Stephen Colbert last night. I've got to say, I like their style.Inside the event, the mood was not as celebratory. An angry crowd of far- left protesters gathered, waving Palestinian flags and demanding a ceasefire in Gaza.A few miles away, in Long island, Donald Trump took time to honor a slain New York City police officer. Trump told the post that his death must not be in vain, hinting at an effort to end the defund, dismantle, no bail movement that enables violent criminals to remain on the streets. The former president told Brian Kilmeade that Joe Biden and other top Democrats have totally failed to meet the moment. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: What is the message to the presidents at Radio City right now before you leave New York and go back to Florida, what did they miss today?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, they missed a very sad moment for our country but it's a moment that they have to be a part of. Whether they like it or not, they can't skip this moment. I've never seen so many police. I've never seen so many firemen, a lot of firemen. They view it you know in a very similar way and I understand that, but they're going to have to get involved a little bit because this country is going to hell.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: Today, President Biden departed New York City. He flew out of JFK airport just six miles from where New York City Police Officer Diller was murdered. But after a long night of partying, the president made no mention of Diller as he boarded Air Force One in route to Camp David for a long Easter weekend with his son Hunter at his side.Joining us now with reaction, FOX News contributor Tammy Bruce, Project 21 chairman Horace Cooper, and Trump 2024 national press secretary Karoline Leavitt.Thank you all for joining us.Tammy, I want to go to you because uh the optics the contrast the execution of what happened here. I mean, you got a dead New York City police officer and nothing from President Biden.TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, it's awful and yet, it perhaps was one of the most honest evenings, we've seen in a very long time. We've always seen honesty with President Trump. One thing about that guy is that you know who he is, he is always going to be himself, he never adjusts the nature of what he's going to say or do to trick people or to pander.And you saw the nature of how he cares about not just police officers and the firefighters but the nature of blue collar work, regular, everyday anonymous heroes in this country, average citizens, putting their lives on the line to keep their own community safe. That is the ultimate of the American ideal.And so that is Trump, and that's what infuses -- that kind of empathy infuses what he says and does, no matter -- you know, whether you've liked his style or not, that's why he had success.Biden on the other hand is also was completely himself. The Democrats, you know, we used to call them, Jason, you'll recall, limousine liberals. This is nothing new. They've just been caught at the lie that they care about the average individual.This was just -- it was obscene, it was disgusting, it was a certainly a lack of empathy, a -- and it's almost as though empathy has been excised from them in some kind of a surgery and they're all there, you know, laughing it up, having a great time with their big celebrity pals, making lots of money. The ultimate disconnection with the nature of what's happening in this country.Two very distinct visions of what's going on, one -- and they used to say, all roads lead to Rome. That used to be true, right? Different policies but all the same place, the Democrat road now goes off that freaking cliff, and it is the Republican road, no matter what your politics that at least lead us to some semblance of a future that we can rely on.CHAFFETZ: Horace, you don't want to ever see politics injected particularly at the pinnacle of grief and a grieving family, and not just the family of Officer Diller, you know, beautiful one-year-old boy, grieving wife, you've got just an amazingly difficult situation. But at the same time, I saw zero reports about Joe Biden, the president trying to call the family. He could have certainly made time to go visit if you have Air Force -- you have Marine One, you have all the assets of the federal government at your disposal to get to wherever you want to get to, and certainly even during a fundraiser, he could have taken two minutes and talked from his heart about it.But none of that happened, Horace. None of it happened.HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: What we saw last night was the president's "let them eat cake" moment. Millions of Americans are suffering because of the mismanagement of this economy. I say this frequently, the -- we're seeing record numbers of foreclosures. People are having their cars repossessed. We are seeing a silent job loss because the reports are now showing that the actual growth in employment is in part-time jobs, not in full-time jobs.It is totally and completely unseemly in this economic environment for our president to say that we're going to try to set a record for the amount raised. No money to help people buy eggs and bacon, no money to make sure that people can afford gasoline. When President Trump was in charge, millions of Americans, the majority of Americans succeeded, they prospered, they were able to purchase cars, they were able to get homes.It is remarkable the divergence between the real priorities of this president that we have and his challenger, former President Trump who was willing to take time and contribute to pay off the mortgage of that slain officer's family. What a contrast.CHAFFETZ: Karoline, you're close to the president. You're obviously act as his spokesperson. Look, my experience with President Trump, he does speak with his heart. He really does care about these -- these officers.But at the same time, you got to find the right balance, right, because you don't want to disrupt a family and the greater New York City Police Department in what they're trying to deal with, but how -- how do you think the president handled it and what should have Joe Biden done?KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP 2024 NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: Well, yesterday, Americans witnessed the grave contrast that will be before them on the ballot on November the 5th. You have a man of the people in President Trump who humbly accepted the invitation from Officer Diller's family to pay his respects, to honor the life in the legacy of one of the NYPD's heroes.And just a few miles up the road, you had Joe Biden, a corrupt career politician joking and laughing with limousine liberals and out of touch elitists, and big donors who are striking big checks to his campaign, many of whom support the very soft on crime and defund the police policies that led to the heinous killing of Officer Diller, that led to his murderer being arrested and released 21 times prior.And this is not the first time Americans have witnessed this grave contrast between the two presidents they can pick from on Election Day. Just a few weeks ago, I was with President Trump in the great state of Georgia where he consoled another grieving American family, the parents of Laken Riley, whose beautiful daughter was killed at the hands of an illegal immigrant who Joe Biden allowed into this country and who was also arrested in New York for injuring a child and then released. How many more Americans need to die because of Joe Biden's lawless and feckless policies before he actually cares?The truth is he doesn't care about the American people. Joe Biden has always cared about one thing and that is power and control. He's spent decades in, quote/unquote, public service ripping off Americans. That's why president -- the American people are choosing President Trump in the polls and he's winning in every single battleground state right now.CHAFFETZ: Karoline Leavitt, Tammy Bruce, Horace Cooper, happy Easter to you. Thank you for joining us tonight.It turns out, Joe Biden is not the only Democrat lacking self-awareness. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Kathy Hochul getting an earful as she was leaving the wake for murdered NYPD Officer Jonathan Diller, this over in Massapequa. A source tells me this happened moments after Hochul refused to abide by the family's wishes they would do an opencast and viewing and she did not want to wait on the outside. So she came in while they were closing the casket.As she stormed in, they just couldn't stop her. I'm told the family members let her have it when she got there, saying, quote, his blood is on your hands. Hochul wasn't the only one approached to the wake. Mayor Eric Adams and D.A. Alvin Brag were both confronted directly this time by Officer Diller's wife. The source tells me she let them have it, too, telling them the same thing that was told to Hochul, his blood is on your hands.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: Now, make no mistake, far-left politicians and district attorneys have empowered criminals like the one accused of murdering Officer Diller. Now, sadly, violent crime is a serious problem across New York City and is still way up from pre-pandemic levels.This week, another New York City woman was randomly punched in the face. The allegation is that it appears to be a growing trend in the city. The victim allegedly suffered a broken jaw and her mouth is now wired shut.But the alleged perpetrator was released from jail without posting bail, despite two prior arrests for assault.Here now with more, Florida Congressman Byron Donalds and FOX News contributor Leo Terrell.Gentlemen, yeah, I know you get as infuriated as I do at these types of situations because you have a dead officer and we have to remember him and his family first and foremost. But the allegation is that his perpetrator had 21 prior arrests. Now, we don't know what those 21 are yet, but, Congressman, we see this story playing out time and time and time again.How could -- how many times somebody have to get murdered before we look at somebody and say, you shouldn't be out on the street?REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Well, listen, with the tragedy that happened to Officer Diller and to his family, all this can be avoided and the policy is very simple. It's bail -- it's bail reform, quote/unquote, cashless bail. That policy has to be removed from every state in the Union that has it because the truth of the matter is that you have people who are just reoffending as opposed to being held having to post bond and be released.And so, you're having these situations where you have repeat offenders, you simply can't have it. The problem is, especially in New York City, but in other states and other cities as well, they believe in this cashless bail program, even though the results say otherwise. Our streets are less safe, our officers are less safe.This is not working out for anybody. And for you to be arrested 21 times and be released time and time again, that's how you know that system is not working.CHAFFETZ: So, Leo, you have this allegation of this woman being sucker punched, her jaws now wired shut. It's not the first time we've heard this out of New York City, and again the allegation is that this person had been arrested twice for assault. I mean, I -- how many more examples do we have to come up with here?LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: A lot more because New York has not hit rock bottom yet, Jason. And I want to be very clear, Eric Adam is no friend to law enforcement. Eric Adam is no friend to keeping the criminals off the street if he -- if he was fighting for keeping criminal off the streets, he would go after Alvin Bragg, he would go after the governor of New York, he would go after Democrats who are soft on crime.But this guy talks a great game but does absolutely nothing. So New York has not hit rock bottom, and isn't it a coincidence. It's the same problem in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Philadelphia. What do they have in common? Democrat cities, Democrat mayors, Democrat governors, they don't care.You know why? Because those criminals represent the voting bloc of the Democrat Party and they're not going to alienate the progressive left.CHAFFETZ: Congressman, there's crime in Florida, no doubt about it from where you're from. But I don't hear the stories and the horror stories about people who allegedly commit a crime and then they're immediately out on the streets. And yet, you have these people, these district attorneys that continue to get elected. What -- what is going on in America and these big Democratic cities that think continuing perpetuating the status quo is going to solve the problems and make the streets more safe?DONALDS: Well, it's simple. They're committed to their agenda. They're not looking at the realities. They're not looking at the outcome of their policies they're committed to the policies and if you disagree, if you're a citizen in one of these big blue cities, and you disagree, they try to shut you up, they try to tell you, oh, no, no, you haven't seen the data, they try to just simply ignore you because they don't want to give up the policy agenda that they've been seeking.This is the stuff that George Soros wants. He's been funding these D.A.s throughout the country, and these D.A.s have been a disaster for just basic security and safe streets. And so, there has to be a reckoning with the voters in these major cities, and even some of these states for them to say, listen, you know, they may be a Democrat, a registered Democrat, but they can't have a good city if the streets simply aren't safe.And so, you have to get rid of these people, these das who say that all they want to do is have comprehensive reform but they don't want to take safety and security seriously.CHAFFETZ: Congressman Donalds, Leo Terrell, thanks for your passion in wanting justice in America. Really do appreciate it.All right. Coming up, Biden's border crisis continues to spiral out of control but Republicans are -- they're actually taking some action. How? We'll explain as this special edition of HANNITY continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: Welcome back to this special edition of HANNITY.Every day, more disturbing stories related to Biden's border crisis come to light. "The New York Post" is reporting that thousands of migrants are headed -- heading towards El Paso in just the latest caravan as health concerns for the children being held at outside holding sites mount.But there is at least one positive development today, the Venezuelan illegal who was allegedly encouraging squatters on TikTok was arrested by ICE. Meanwhile, Republican lawmakers are working to fix Biden's manmade crisis in the wake of Laken Riley's murder. Georgia lawmakers approved tougher rules on immigration, while Speaker Johnson met with Governor Greg Abbott in Texas yesterday to discuss a border plan, and Secretary Mayorkas' impeachment that's coming up.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Sara Carter and former acting Department of Homeland Security Secretary Chad Wolf.Thank you both for joining us.Sara, what's the latest that you're hearing about this another surge headed towards the El Paso sector?SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: So what we're hearing uh from sources is that the group is about roughly 2,000 strong, but they're going to start breaking up. They're already noticing some breakup of the group and what the cartels normally do, Jason, is they like to break up those groups as they get closer to our border. It makes it easier for them to get them through the border. And right now, we're expecting that group to start arriving on Monday, a good portion of that group, but don't expect them to arrive as a full 2,000.What they're expecting is groups of 10 to 30. Right now, they're already seeing some groups that are attempting to cut through the razor wire, pass through national guard, turn themselves into border patrol because they know once they reach the border patrol, they're going to be allowed into the country.And that is what is happening right now. That's the problem that Texas DPS and border patrol are facing with these groups. What they're hoping though is that the more charges they bring against for example the group that rushed through the national guard last week that we all saw that incredible video, those people, the more charges they bring against them is that it'll send a message that Texas isn't messing around and that Texas will enforce the law. And I think that's what you saw when Speaker Mike Johnson coming down here to talk to Governor Greg Abbott to figure out a way that the states can then take the power into their own hands to fight this if the Biden administration's open border policy is not shut down completely because they refuse to do their job.CHAFFETZ: Chad, one of the great tragedies and there are many in this, are the unaccompanied minors that are trafficked through across our borders. And now, these reports of these healthcare concerns and breakouts that are happening in some of these detention types of facilities. I mean, normally, these types of folks coming across the border are screened at some sort of healthcare screening.But when they come in mass, you really create some health care problems for the United States.CHAD WOLF, FORMER ACTING DHS SECRETARY: Without a doubt when you have this many number of individuals coming across the border, it's very hard to screen all of those individuals, whether you're vetting them or you're screening them for any type of medical issues. But I think you said it right which is these children that come across the border, they're unaccompanied, which means that they are trafficked by the cartels. And under the Biden administration, a little over three years, you've had almost 500,000 children come across that border trafficked and then placed with sponsors, whose vetting requirements have been reduced by the Biden administration. So the tragedy in all of this, and there's many tragedies from a humanitarian standpoint, but it's also from a from these children, what they've had to endure along that journey and then of course when they get here being placed into households, with sponsors who are not vetted and according to "The New York Times" from an article about 12 months ago, that the Biden administration has lost contact with over 80,000 of these children.So there's many different storylines here when we talk about the crisis but let's not forget about these vulnerable populations.CHAFFETZ: I think it's one of the most sick, disgusting -- and the Biden administration is complicit in this -- in this human trafficking.Sara, we've only got about 30 seconds here, but the human trafficking of minors handed over is absolutely disgusting. Your last thoughts on this?CARTER: Yeah, I mean this is the big issue. It's our children that are dying. It's the children that are crossing the border that are dying, and it's all being allowed because we have a government that is failing to do its job, a federal government that is not following the rule of law, opening the border and putting everyone's life at risk.You know, we cannot become complacent if I'm going to leave you with one last thought -- don't become complacent because this is a very dangerous situation, probably the most dangerous situation the United States has faced in modern political history, this wide open border, from terrorists to the drug cartels and the failure of defending our children and those children that are being murdered on their way here or being abused.CHAFFETZ: Yeah, Sara Carter, Chad Wolf, thank you so much for joining us tonight on HANNITY.Here now with more reaction, the former national security adviser to President Donald Trump, Ambassador Robert O'Brien.Ambassador, look, you were charged with helping with our national security at the highest levels here. And, you know, "The New York Post" is now reporting that the um Biden administration is actually -- to keep their numbers down in terms of border crossings, they're actually flying people into the United States. I -- I can't even imagine that. I mean, that that is absolutely stunning, the complicit nature of the Biden administration, bringing unvetted people into the United States.ROBERT O'BRIEN, FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: Jason, this just does not end well. I mean, we've got two PLA divisions worth of Chinese males, like 30,000 military age males from China have come in, untold numbers of jihadists and Iranian activists, Hezbollah, Hamas operatives, something bad is going to happen and it's because of the wide open border.I -- it's a terrifying situation. As national security adviser, it's keeping me up at night and I'm sure it is Christopher Wray and a lot of other security professionals.CHAFFETZ: What else do you see in terms of the Chinese and others helping to push this illegal immigration because, you know, if you -- if you read Peter Schweizer's "Blood Money" book, you look at the others, they're fairly complicit in helping to push these illegal immigrants into the United States.O'BRIEN: Well, keep in mind before, it was just a fentanyl, you know, get as much fentanyl into the American drug -- bloodstream as possible, kill as many Americans as they could. But now, no one leaves China without the permission of the Chinese government. The Chinese military age males are coming in the thousands and thousands of them. These aren't struggling refugees. These aren't democracy protesters from Hong Kong that have gotten out somehow.These are military age males that are being allowed to fly out of China into the U.S. They've got good dental work, flat stomachs, crew cuts. Some of them have been picked up at shooting ranges just days after arriving in the U.S.This is a very dangerous situation we're facing right now.CHAFFETZ: And it's amazing to me but the Biden administration, they want to go after Apple. But they got Huawei doing things that are -- you know, are bypassing the average American that are causing all kinds of havoc that also go against our national security.O'BRIEN: Look, in the Trump administration, we went after Huawei. We tried to keep it. It was a national security threat to our allies and we put sanctions on chip makers so that they couldn't sell chips to Huawei. We shut them out of governments around the world.And Huawei's now got a -- it has a momentum on their site again. They're getting the chips they need. They're in countries that had kicked them out just two years ago.So Huawei's on fire, big profits and what have we done, we -- the DOJ has taken on Apple, the great American company that has the best software, the best hardware integrated into a system that that keeps Apple from getting malware and spyware put on it, and they want to open up Apple to Chinese and Russian app makers so that they can get their malware and spyware into our phones.I mean, it's unbelievable.So Huawei's good to go, TikTok's good to go, but Apple's a danger to our national security, unless they open up to Chinese apps (ph) and who -- who knows, who else, hackers.CHAFFETZ: And then when you see these people coming across illegally, you see the -- how they're embedded with their drug cartels, the smartphones they have, they're all ready to go, it -- with all their electronics and everything, and if you don't think that China's behind that, in addition to the laundering of money, then, boy, you've got to do some more studying out there.Ambassador, really do appreciate it. Have a wonderful Easter for you and your family. Thank you so much for joining us.All right. The fallout over NBC's handling of Ronna McDaniel's hiring and firing hit continues. You won't believe the latest report as this special edition of HANNITY continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: Welcome back to this special edition of HANNITY.The fallout from NBC's disastrous hiring and firing of Ronna McDaniel continues. According to a new report, the Republican National Committee is now considering limiting the network's access at this summer's convention. While questions around the decision-making process continue to swirl, according to "The Washington Post", MSNBC president Rashida Jones told the network's liberal hosts they would never have to actually book her, despite people familiar with the process saying she helped court Ronna with the promise of appearing on air.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Joe Concha and Outkick founder Clay Travis.Gentlemen, thanks so much for joining us.Joe, let's start with you. Put us in context. I mean, all that's come out about this -- this is one of the most unbelievable stories of start and stop that I -- that I've seen on network television.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. The thing you notice most, Jason and Clay, is the sanctimony, right? The other piousness from these folks on the air, on MSNBC and NBC, the same folks who pushed Russia collusion for years, the same folks who told you that Hunter Biden's laptop was Russian misinformation, the same folks that pushed COVID disinformation.And look, it -- we only have so much time here, but you get the point. These people have been lying for years, right? Jens Psaki particularly negotiating her contract with NBC News while she's still White House press secretary. That might be an ethical breach, right?Al Sharpton who basically tried to start a race war, they give that guy a show. Rachel Maddow, the queen of Russia collusion, I could go on and on.But what's happened over 30 Rock this week really has shown that basically management has the backbone of a paperback novel, right? That that once these folks went on the air and started yelling about this, they ran from this hiring in a hurry and now the finger pointing has begun over there as far as who was responsible. But again, who was responsible for what?So, Ronna McDaniel is going to appear on NBC News a couple times a month to maybe give a counterargument to the liberal argument that Joe Biden is a good president by saying that no Donald Trump may be right on the border, may be right on crime, may be right on inflation or foreign policy, that was the big criminal act that happened over at 30 Rock?It's just beyond the best unintentional comedy we have seen in some time, guys.CHAFFETZ: Clay, it always -- I always find it rich when the people that preach diversity, equity and inclusion can't handle the heat when, all of a sudden, says, well, you know I got a little diverse thinking here. I kind of think that you know maybe conservatives, Republicans, Donald Trump might be right. That always just -- those people that preach that, they just crack me up when they can't handle it. They can't actually practice it.CLAY TRAVIS, OUTKICK FOUNDER: Well, a couple things, guys. One, it's amazing how often to your point we talk about diversity of everything, but diversity of thought. But remember, Rachel Maddow and company, Joy Reid, Joy -- that entire universe, they said they're fine with Republicans, just not that kind of Republican.And what they mean is anybody that would actually vote for Donald Trump, so roughly half the country is not allowed to be represented in terms of politics on MSNBC or MSNBC.Second thing I would say here, FOX has got a lot of Democrats that come on the air. Have you ever heard anyone on FOX News come on and throw a fit because people who might be willing to vote for Joe Biden or Hillary Clinton are allowed to come on this network and share their opinions? I've never heard anybody on the air honestly, certainly not somebody who comes on and hosts a show. Rachel Maddow did a 27-minute monologue to open the only show of the week she manages to do on Monday criticizing her network for allowing someone to come on and say Donald Trump would be a better president than Joe Biden.And so, I think it's just so instructive about why FOX News dominates and why frankly you look at some of the ratings, there are often more Democrats watching FOX News. Hi guys who are voting for Joe Biden right now, there's a reason you're not watching CNN and MSNBC and it's because really when it gets down to it, there's more talent on this network and people are more honest, and I think that really kind of drives him crazy.CHAFFETZ: Yeah, to that point, Joe, I mean, Sean Hannity brought on Gavin Newsom, gave him half the show to make his whole point.CONCHA: Yeah.CHAFFETZ: Have the debate with Ron DeSantis, it was great television, and millions of people watched.CONCHA: Jason, not just Sean but Brett Baier, for example, in "Special Report" has a debate segment between Democratic and Republican lawmakers on a weekly basis. Martha MacCallum and Brett have also done town halls with prominent Democrats and they keep coming back on because there's actual credibility there. They know that they're going to get questions that are tough but are fair and germane in what people care about.And this whole excuse by the way of ousting Ronna McDaniel because she's an election denier, this is the same network who will bear hug Adam Schiff and is a guest on that network so much, I think he has a cod over there, and they'll roll out the red carpet for Hillary Clinton who still claims her election was stolen from her.So they have election desires on that network all the time. It just depends on which election you're denying I guess.CHAFFETZ: Joe, Clay, thank you. I really do. I always enjoy the discussion with both of -- both of you.All right. Straight ahead, Biden is reportedly whining over the courage or the coverage of his disastrous poll numbers, instead of taking in responsibility.We're back with more of this special edition of HANNITY right after the break. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: Welcome back to this special edition of HANNITY.President Biden is reportedly letting press coverage of his bad poll numbers get under his skin, but it's not the media's fault. Americans don't like his policies. According to a new FOX News poll, over half of voters say they are worse off compared to 2020, which isn't surprising. The Fed's key marker on inflation it rose again last month.While the price of groceries skyrocketed since Biden took office, but don't worry, president is now looking to go after diesel trucks, all in the name of climate change. Yep, that'll solve everything.Here now with reaction, co-host of "The Big Money Show" on FOX Business, Taylor Riggs, and host of "The Monica Crowley" podcast, Monica Crowley.Thank you so much for joining us. Really do appreciate it.But, Taylor, explain to us what the president's trying to do here because, you know, things that have motors that actually work, he doesn't seem to like those, but you get rid of them? Kind of makes things more expensive, doesn't it?TAYLOR RIGGS, FBN HOST: It absolutely makes things more expensive, not to mention that we're probably going to be importing all of these batteries for these EVs from China. I think what people at home really want is choice. If you want to drive an EV, great. But if you don't want to drive an EV, you shouldn't have a government telling you what you can and cannot drive.We spoke to a lot of CEOs as well from Nissan, for example, and he says that they're only making one new EV in the U.S. in the next few years. Over half of their new models that they're making EVs in Europe because the U.S. clearly is a different market. They know that the consumers want choice.All of these policies are inflationary. It's making things more expensive. EVs don't work yet for sort of these long haul trucks. They're expensive. They're heavy and it just makes prices for consumers to go up.CHAFFETZ: I haven't seen any model, Monica, that makes an electric big long haul truck work in this nation. And yet he wants to get rid of diesel trucks, and I -- it's going to make everything more expensive, starting now, not just when they implement it, but it starts getting more expensive now.MONICA CROWLEY, PODCAST HOST: Yeah, absolutely. I mean this is administration has been full of mandates and this is just the latest one dictating to the automobile industry, dictating to the fossil fuel industry, about all kinds of regulations and mandates that they have to abide by.Look, everything this administration has done has been a deliberate targeting of the U.S. economy, the private sector, Americans choice, to make things more expensive. And you would think out of the need for sheer political survival that Joe Biden and the Democrat would take a look at these polls and say we have to stop feeding the inflationary monster.But instead, like with this EV mandate and targeting of diesel fuels -- diesel fuel trucks that is just going to pass along higher prices to the American consumer, they keep feeding the inflation beast, which tells you that every single economic policy that they have implemented since they came in with the massive spending 8 to 9 trillion dollars just in fiscal spending that has created this inflationary environment, all of it has been intentional.There's never been a course correction coming from this president or from the Democrats. They have just pressed forward and the American people are the ones who are suffering, especially the middle class the working class and the poor. Those are the groups that the Democrats profess to embrace and they're the ones getting squeezed and hurt the most.CHAFFETZ: And, Taylor, to this point -- I'm for all of the above energy, let's pursue all of it, let -- but let consumers as you said make the choice. But I don't think there are too many Democrats out there that understand how they make electricity because making electricity is not as clean as they say it is and to your point, China makes the batteries and they control a lot of these rare earth minerals.RIGGS: And we should be having conversations that the oil we drill in the U.S. is some of the cleanest oil ever and said we're importing oil from Saudi Arabia and Venezuela which is dirtier and not as clean. We can talk about a transition of the grid, but frankly, our grid isn't ready to be in a switch of a light switch be moved on over to renewables overnight. It has to be a transition and let the free market do it. We don't need government interference.I think the free markets have always been good at self-correcting. All of these big oil companies know that they are in the oil business, but we all want a clean environment, no one wants to breathe smog, no one wants that.CHAFFETZ: Yeah.RIGGS: But let the free market, let these companies do it, let shareholders in these companies decide how to steer a company to do what they want.CHAFFETZ: Monica, 20 seconds, last thought?CROWLEY: Yeah, look, the American people now, they have two top issues. One is illegal immigration in the wide open border, and, of course, running parallel to that is the economy, inflation and jobs.Donald Trump now in poll after poll is leading Joe Biden on inflation, jobs, the economy and taxes -- each of those categories by 30 percent.CHAFFETZ: Yeah, I don't think President Biden has a clue what Bidenomics actually is, how it works and what he's doing. But that's my take on it.Taylor, Monica, thank you so much for joining us.All right. Joe Biden was in New York City yesterday for a high dollar fundraiser with Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. None other than Jimmy Failla, he's going to react to the ritzy event, right after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: Welcome back to the special edition of HANNITY.Last night, Joe Biden was at Radio City Music Hall in New York City for a stars studded fundraiser with Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, and "Late Night" host Stephen Colbert.Joining us now to give his take on the ritzy out of touch fundraiser is the host of "FOX News Saturday Night," Jimmy Failla.So much -- man, you got your best Montana shirt on. I thank you so much for joining us. You're about to do a show out there, but you're joining us on HANNITY. So thank you.JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": My man, the minute this ends, I'm walking onto the stage. And here's the problem with this outfit, Chaffetz, I look like a cowboy but when I open my mouth out here, I sound like I'm in the witness protection program. So I'm only getting partial credit for this look.CHAFFETZ: Yeah, the real boys, I know, they're -- they're not wear -- they're not wearing that outfit but you keep thinking that because -- yeah.All right. Tell me about your take on this big fundraiser --(CROSSTALK)CHAFFETZ: Tell us about this fundraiser that Joe Biden had.FAILLA: Yeah, well, I love that they came up out of the bottom in honor of Biden's approval ratings. I thought that was a nice touch. But as it pertains to this grossly out of touch spectacle that was staged, they're telling me they made 25 million, but it's hard to say because Bill Clinton got paid in singles and let's be honest, Obama was there to campaign, Bill Clinton was there to meet the Rockettes.CHAFFETZ: Yeah. Well, I don't know if the timing was quite as good, given what had happened there in New York City. But I got to ask you about something else, Jimmy, because I know you're particularly sensitive to this. But there's a report in "Politico" and it says that the press corps has been accused of stealing things off of Air Force One, so much so that they had to reprimand the press corps and saying don't take things, that's called stealing. What's your take on that?FAILLA: Well, in defense of the thieves, this economy is so bad the White House is now charging the passengers on Air Force One for gas money. So it's like they want a little return on their investment, but you have to acknowledge, it's easier than ever to steal on this plane because most of the people who work on it are too busy making sure Biden doesn't fall down the stairs. So if you're an Air Force One shoplifter, nobody's playing defense right now. You can -- you can take whatever you want.CHAFFETZ: Yeah. I don't know how much the toilet paper costs on Air Force One, but if you're stuffing that in the bag as you -- as you exit Air Force One, you kind of got some issues, don't you, Jimmy?FAILLA: I know. These people are so low rent, like I understand if you're taking like a commemorative glass. And again, I don't condone stealing, but I get that it's a commemorative glass. But when you hear that the people are taking like toilet paper and napkins, I'm like that speaks to another level of dirt bag.But don't forget, this is an administration that started off by stealing people's luggage. Do you remember that guy sticky Sam Britton who was the White House luggage thief who worked in the cabinet, and eventually they had to give him a pink slip and he put it on?CHAFFETZ: Yeah, that's right. He did -- he did put it on.Jimmy, have you ever been on Air Force One? Do you think they'll allow you on Air Force One? And would they allow that air that outfit on Air Force One?FAILLA: I think if you try to get on Air Force One in this shirt, you get tackled by security. I have not -- I have not been on Air Force One. I'm not even allowed to rent the movie "Air Force One" with Harrison Ford, but I want to correct you because I do believe with Biden, it's now called "chair force one" because they've got him on a lift to get on that thing.CHAFFETZ: I mean, they gave him the short stairs. How about that Secret Service agent at the bottom of the stairs that's tasked with catching him if he falls down? That was one of the reports.FALLA: Think about that, they've reconfigured the whole process of this plane. He's taking the baby steps which doesn't exactly project strength to the world, okay?And he should never be walking near Obama because Obama for whatever we think of his policies, he has swag. He's cool. He's got movement. He's got a vibe.And then you see Biden shuffling with the hands close to his side, with the T-Rex arms and the close feet and the balance shoes that he has on, it's just a bad luck they should make him walk places alone, and I can't help but comment since we're on the verge of Easter of this being the third anniversary of him getting interrupted by the Easter Bunny.And the reason I bring it up, Jason, is because if everybody watching at home go back and watches the video, .Biden looks like a guy who genuinely believes he met a talking bunny, like when you look at his face, he looks like, oh, my gosh,. Jill, I told you there was a talking bunny, like he wanted to (INAUDIBLE) something.CHAFFETZ: Jimmy -- Jimmy, kill it, kill it there in Montana. We're glad you're out in the Rocky Mountains.Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left we have this evening. Don't forget to check out my book, "The Puppeteers".Have a wonderful holiday. God bless America.