DOUGLAS BRINKLEY, PRESIDENTIAL HISTORIAN: Thanks, Neil.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Doug Brinkley on all of that. We're going to be exploring the ramifications the then and now thing, how the markets are faring in all of this.And of course, the campus protests that are expected to resume tomorrow, hopefully not as bad. That's this weekend, 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. See you then.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, along with Harold Ford Jr., Brian Kilmeade, Katie Pavlich, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is -- are you unhappy, Greg? This is THE FIVE.The Squad's Hamas caucus is demanding more campus chaos while denying the threat to Jewish students that Jewish students face from anti-Semitic mobs. The NYPD busting up two more anti-Israel protests, clearing out encampments at NYU in the new school. It was a less confrontational skit -- scene compared to madness at UCLA and Columbia, with some protesters obeying orders from the police to disperse and get out of their tents.But leave it to the Squad to give cover to the mob. The radical progressive lawmakers are downplaying anti-Semitism.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): My message is the same to a Jewish student, to a Palestinian student, to everybody that it is really important to educate yourself about what is anti-Semitic, about what is Islamophobic.REP. JAMAAL BOWMAN (D-NY): I visited the Columbia encampment last week and the -- they were completely peaceful. I also met with so-called pro-Israel students when I was there just to hear about the anti-Semitism that they have experienced. And they told me, it has been minimum. It has been overblown by the media.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Oh my, God. But if the Squad thinks that anti-Semitism is overblown, maybe they should help clean up one of these encampments, which are littered with tons of anti-Semitic graffiti and hate-filled posters.The NYPD discovering these signs in NYU property, which bear terrorist slogans like death to Israel and death to America.And Jewish students at Stanford University snapping this disturbing photo of a man wearing a Hamas headband on campus. The White House is dismissing criticism, the Biden played both sides of the card after the president called out both Islamophobia and anti-Semitism.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Lately, we've been seeing a lot of vile anti-Semitic rhetoric on campuses, does he think Islamophobia is just as big of a problem on campus as anti-Semitism?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president's always going to call that all forms of hate, always. It is our -- it's part of who we are and as a country, as we talk about our freedom, our democracy to disagree and agree with each other, even about this war.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Katie, the president is going to call out all forms of hate. Irrespective of the fact that we're at an inflection point with anti- Semitism in this country. There's no claims right now of Islamophobia.Why do you think the president is doing that?KATIE PAVLICH FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, he is really worried about losing Michigan, and Rashida Tlaib, part of the Squad, Democrats like to say the Squad doesn't have a lot of influence. They're far left in the party. But she's the one who's been driving this movement against Joe Biden. And he's very worried about not being able to get these votes in November.But I want to focus in on some of the comments that Jamaal Bowman, Congressman made, for example, he said, The anti-Semitism, which is just racism is minimal. Well, are we now going to accept a minimal amount of racism according to that standard? I mean, this is not minimal what we are seeing here.And the reason why the Squad is so focused on tearing down the Israel-U.S. relationship is because it's a good relationship for America. And of course, they don't like this country, what it stands for, and the foundation of it.And so, when you move forward and how this is going to work, this is going to get worse, because Democrats in 2020 tolerated a lot of this violence. They're tolerating a lot of it now. And when they say they're peaceful, and I was an encampment, the encampment, by definition is a violent place to be because they are taking over property that is not theirs. And they're blocking people from getting in and out of it. They're blocking police officers. And it's always interesting to watch them break all the rules they know are there.And then when the police come in to break up their illegal occupation of a public space while they're going after Jewish students and wrapping George Washington in Hamas paraphernalia, that there then the victims and they can no longer function in normal society.PIRRO: You know, Greg, it really is stunning that Jamaal Bowman, a congressman would actually come out and say, the media is overblowing. You know, this anti-Semitism, I've spoken to these students. It's shocking.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's almost as if he's accusing the media of pulling some kind of alarm.PIRRO: Like a fire alarm?GUTFELD: Maybe that's what I was getting at. This truly though, it is a movement and that it's one long steaming pile of crap. This is the worst protests in American history. And I'm still trying to figure out why it strikes me as so physically repulsive, so ugly, and I was thinking about it. When you have an ideology that encourages the execution of gays and also non-virgin females. We can say obviously, that this is bad, it's brutal, it induces suffering.But there's another element to that evilness. It's the intent, the pleasure and the absolute certitude that causes those acts to happen.And on campus, we aren't seeing people being murdered. We aren't seeing people being executed, but what you're seeing are the seeds of the ideology that are being planted. When you look at the faces and hear the voices, you can hear the -- you can hear this certitude, the blind dogma, the hate.And this is why it's so comical when they equate anti-Semitism and Islamophobia because it doesn't -- you're not seeing Jews do this. It helps answer the question why these protesters seems so ugly. They seem aimless, yet they're angry, they seem deadly certain, but they're still ignorant. They seem energetic, but deeply unwell. Like they have a lot of energy, but they look sickly.And I believe that's because they're physically and spiritually sick. Because they're operating from a punitive ideology. They don't wish to create anything but to destroy. And their ugliness therefore, isn't just physical, it reflects the ugliness of their soul, but it's not Islam. It's an iteration of Marxism that absorbed the worst elements of a religious dogma.Because at its base, it's not about Allah. It's about power. And what they're doing is they just happen to align themselves with a group of people upset about something and this is why they haven't read about it. They don't care, all it -- all it is, is about focusing their rage toward the misery that they experience in their own lives.PIRRO: You know, Harold, one of the disturbing things that they found NYPD on the NYU campus was these, you know, posters, you know, let repression breed more resistance and, you know, death to America, on the NYU campus.So, it's -- you know, it started out as pro-Palestinian, then it went to anti-Semitic then it went to destroy Israel. Now, it's death to America.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: How far it is, it's unacceptable. Look, I -- this -- I have a lot of Democrat friends and a lot of Republican friends. None of our Democratic friends are believers like Congressman Bowman the kinds of things he was saying, I don't think it's not a serious position that that believe he's taken. I certainly don't equate that with my party.Two, we've said it on -- I don't understand that people who are out protesting. I would have respected -- I could understand Congress Bowman would have respected what he was saying if he said, look, I urge the kids not to be violent. I urge the kids not to be hateful, and not to threaten and try to intimidate Jewish students. They have every right to protest, but he didn't say that which is alarming on a big level.No one's saying to Hamas accept the deal. Secretary Blinken is in the region, they have a good deal on the table to get the hostages released in the game of ceasefire. I don't see any one of these protests now saying we want a ceasefire because we're concerned about Gazans or we're concerned about Palestinians.To Greg's point, they've taken on a whole another regime of ideas. I mean, I think we talked about yesterday, it's a group of people out saying accept climate change, accept the climate deal that's going before Congress.We do a disservice to these kids, to the kids who are paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to go to school at these universities with these people out here.If you believe so firmly and strongly to things you're protesting, organize around issues, run candidates for office, vote in elections, but don't deny kids an opportunity -- kids who go to school who paying hundreds of thousands of dollars an opportunity to be educated.And finally, cops should be allowed on these campuses real soon, there should be no -- we've seen what has happened it's little -- Brian and I were texting back and forth about an episode of one of the schools on the West Coast. And it's -- you know, it's -- some would argue that you don't want to do it.I think you have to put police and law enforcement on campus as quickly as possible to secure students or get students sense of security Jewish students, non-Jewish students.My sister is at George Washington University and has concerns about her own safety there as a freshman so and she's not Jewish, and she fears for her safety or it's concerned about her safety as she is her classmates who are Jewish as well.PIRRO: You know, Brian, they have called -- some of the law students at Columbia, have called for the cancellation of the exam because of the trauma.You know, I think about how was such wussies they are compared to the 17- year-olds who go into the IDF, start carrying weapons and fight for people's lives, these American kids and a lot of them aren't. They're just wussies.BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I mean, some of the quotes, the violence we have witnessed my -- it's irrevocable shaking, many of us on review. We know this has to be the same for the majority of our classmates. The events of last night has left many of us shaken and our peers worried.OK, best of luck, guys. I can't wait for you to handle my murder case when my life is on the line.One thing, again, you're being very kind. Congressman Jamaal Bowman is lying. He's not telling the truth. There's no way you could be talking to say, and I haven't talked to Jewish kids that don't feel threatened. We've had five of them on the show that Greg does not like that morning show "FOX & FRIENDS".So, we've had them on, and we've talked to them offline, then I have them on my radio, then they get me the other kids who have specifics about how they're being threatened.So, why would you say that and put yourself in such a position to be easily disputed. Alexis McAdams probably did 15 of them live. How do you feel? What is it like? Well, my parents want me to come home, I refuse to -- I refuse to give into it.Now, the last one was at Fordham. We had NYU, we had Columbia. So that's a flat out lie. He's trying by 20 points in the primary. Why would he go more radical than he is right now?Larry Krasner came out, blames the cops that horrible D.A. on Philadelphia. He says, how could the Columbia call the cops after a peaceful demonstration.To me there's -- Harold, I think you're giving them the same credit of the -- (CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: Who am I giving credit to?KILMEADE: These guys --FORD JR.: No, I've been saying -- I've said exactly the opposite on this show about it, I'm not giving them the credit for that.KILMEADE: Just let me finish. I'm just saying the people outside for civil rights going against the Vietnam War, you know exactly -- you know that was authentic. I don't think (CROSSTALK) -- yes, but I don't believe this is authentic.GUTFELD: You guys really text to get -- you guys really text back and forth?KILMEADE: Would it make your show better?GUTFELD: Harold?KILMEADE: When I feel like I could help him.PAVLICH: No, we re talking about you.GUTFELD: You could say no, Harold.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: All right, more on this on the coming up, guys.FORD JR.: They're not being peaceful. You can protest about whatever you want as long as you're peaceful, you don't threaten people, intimidate.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: OK, guys, we have more of this coming up. So, coming up, anti-Israel protesters reached new levels of stupidity. The Soy Boy Squad storming the campus with garbage can shields.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: (INAUDIBLE) It's great. Donald Trump calling the anti-Israeli protest -- student protesters radical left morons. And I think that's a pretty accurate description.All right, it looks like the giants running game. It looks like the day but for dummies or four idiots. Anti-Israel mob charging cops at Portland State University bursting from the campus library with garbage can shields, only to be quickly shut down by the cops.But that's not all the brazen stupidity, before cops shut down the UCLA Gaza encampment, we did that -- we watched that live in the morning. Bill Melugin getting his hands on a list of their demands. The want to be revolutionaries asking supporters for vegan and gluten-free food, zip ties, shields, epi-pens, you know, they have imbalance blood sugar.No, I think it's to prevent a septic shock. And it's not just divestment from Israel, that they're asking for pro-Hamas students, they're also demanding a buffet of left-wing policies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Given the fact that the University of California is founded on colonialism, it's inherently a violent institution. It perpetuates war and violence abroad.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We demand that U Chicago repair the home it has caused in Palestine, Chicago and beyond. As well as implementing a communally accountable program of reparation, disbanding UCPD, expanding employer- assisted housing, decarbonizing the endowment and reducing emissions by 50 percent by 2030.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Is this happening? Is this real? I don't even know where to go with this. Anthony Fauci just called you can take the masks off, even he agrees. It's incredible what we're seeing now that their list of demands are out, plywood was also used, I saw, they also had a little Medical Center, Harold, where people can go in if they had a bruise or a scrape, they can get Bakhtin (ph) and the proper lotion to put underneath their patina (ph) of Bakhtin as well.So, what do you think about this? Now that we know more about them, do you start to think that there may be not the cutting edge of the next generation of would be American Navy SEALs?FORD JR.: Well said. The -- I saw a professor on today from NYU, and he was bemoaning the fact that -- it was on our network, literally bemoaning the fact that police are being called on to campuses to break up violent protests because we have a right to protest does have a right to protest but you don't have the right to vandalize or right to be violent.Again --KILMEADE: And also, I want to add that they forced the police chief into a building because he was worried about his welfare. Sorry, go ahead.FORD JR.: No, look, there's -- this is -- this is so laughable. But it's there people are actually saying these things and we're covering it because it's really happening.People who actually want a new economy and want us -- a new economy from the standpoint that we want an economy that is not reliant on fossil fuels, you can agree or disagree with that, people who want more housing for professors and teachers, you can agree or disagree with that.But when you couch it, and wrap it in this box here, it's not only is it serious, it's something that's not going to get taken seriously by anybody that can actually be a part of changing.And you tell University Chicago to do this or to not do that, get off. Look, they have every right to traffic, (INAUDIBLE) people think that right, exactly.KILMEADE: Katie, President Biden is worried about losing their votes.PAVLICH: Look, the universities deserve everything that they're getting with this. They're the ones who have cultivated this ideology saying that you should spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on PhDs on Marxist theory. And now you're seeing it play out.And while a lot of this is very serious, as we talked about in the first block, I have never used the clown emoji more than I have over the past week to describe these people who are demanding vegan and gluten-free food. No bagels, of course, because that would be (INAUDIBLE).No bagels for them, no bananas, no nuts. It's like and then they demand all these other things that they actually want. And it's like, guys, amateurs. If you're going to have a revolution, you got to bring your own supplies.KILMEADE: And I know you're talking about the --PAVLICH: You got to have them ready to go.KILMEADE: Yes, I know you talked about this last night, but there is some good news. The country of Iran is offering scholarships, Shiraz University, and they got a great soccer team.So, I mean, do you think some of these people should go right to Shiraz?GUTFELD: No, no, no, this is all pure shallow virtue signaling. Who would have thought that like shields made of plastic garbage cans wouldn't be effective. Apparently, none of these kids ever took shop class.You know, these guys are so used to having their demands catered that they now expect actual catering, you know, they better hope that Starbucks doesn't require resumes for those barista openings.But if I were, you know -- I guess what bugs me most about it is like we said before, when they cite trauma, this is a slap in the face of the families of the victims of October 7th, right?If I were a cop, or if I were the police department, and we were arresting these people, I would have the cells set up with a video playing that hour- long documentary the brutalities of that day, and force them to witness the true brutality. Have them sit alone in his cell listening to that, as well as tapes of victim's parents talking about their dead or missing children.I'd also get countless videos of Iranian leaders and other Muslim leaders giving very specific instructions on what they would do to gays and adulterers because they need someone or something to burst their entitled bubble. It used to be colleges did that.Remember, you went to college to gain experience, to learn about the world? Now it's designed to protect you from the world. So, you can sit there with your poisonous thoughts.And as you noticed, majority of them women.KILMEADE: Right.GUTFELD: Angry women who have allowed themselves to go to pot, there's so miserable.KILMEADE: You have to look very close.GUTFELD: They're so miserable. Will they get out of this? I don't know.PAVLICH: It's not a go girl moment?GUTFELD: No.KILMEADE: Hi, Judge, I remember a time in college when the problem was people weren't studying because they're having too good of time.You're partying too much, get back to work. Now what -- now what do you say to your kid? I'd rather a kid show a lack of discipline and party too much. They come home and tell me I made a garage shield -- a garbage bag shield and charged a -- charged a cop.PIRRO: And that's what I was talking about what in the -- in the A block when I was talking about the fact that that these wuss wouldn't know what it's like to be in the IDF to pick up an ALL RIGHT-15 and actually have to go to war.I mean, do you know what else they're asking for? They're asking for the morning after pill. I mean --GUTFELD: No one's sleeping with that.PIRRO: Yes, I agree. And then they claim that they want climate change reform and if you look the litter and how they trashed the environment, these kids are clueless, spoiled, elitist, stupid hypocrites. OK. And that's just for starters.I want to say one more thing.KILMEADE: OK.PIRRO: If -- thanks.KILMEADE: Like I had a choice.PIRRO: Yes. Here's the truth. They say that they're traumatized these wussies because I don't want to say the other word.KILMEADE: Yes, please.PIRRO: And they can't tell, I will say it if I have to.KILMEADE: Come on, in the break.PIRRO: OK, in the break, that they can't -- they can't take exams. Think about the thousands of other kids who work jobs to pay for tuition, who's fair and scraped so that they could go to these schools who are trying to study amid the music and the cursing and the crazy anti-Semitism that's going on.They're trying to study, they're the ones who are being intimidated, and they have the right to be protected. And these guys are -- they're upset because the police are coming on campus because they're creating a riot.And finally, the majority of these kids are good kids. And I think we should say it, we haven't said it enough. I mean, there are a lot of good kids. These are freaks. And you know what --FORD JR.: Some of them aren't even students.PIRRO: 40 percent. 50 percent of them are.PAVLICH: I love the kids fighting back with our American flags and their taunting. It's awesome. It's wonderful.KILMEADE: Maybe it could be a big wakeup call.PIRRO: University in North Carolina you go.KILMEADE: By the way, Northwestern, Brown, Rutgers and the University of Minnesota all have given in. So, they're beginning to give in to the demands of these numbskulls.All right, coming up straight -- judge, is that OK?PIRRO: Yes, it's good.KILMEADE: OK then. All right, coming up, the liberal media now forced to admit that Alvin Bragg doesn't have the goods on Donald Trump, exclamation point. I mean it.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAVLICH: Day 11 the Democrats law fair trial against Donald Trump. The prosecution bringing in their ninth and biggest witness yet, longtime Trump aide Hope Hicks. And today, she testified that she couldn't recall but says it was possible that she was in a meeting between Donald Trump and David Pecker, a meeting that is critical to Bragg's entire case. And as usual, Donald Trump is blasting the whole thing after court.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The government, DOJ, etcetera, etcetera, and in particular, lately, this office of D.A. which is letting crime, violent crime run rampant all over our city. He's a vicious, vicious radical left lunatic. The D.A. here is Soros-backed. So, I just want to wish everybody a very good weekend. We have a country to build. We have to rebuild it. Our country has gone to hell. We're a nation in decline.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAVLICH: That comes as Alvin Bragg's case against Trump suffers more embarrassing setbacks. Stormy Daniel's ex- lawyer, Keith Davidson, said he would not use the term hush money to describe the payment to Daniels. And even the Liberal media is starting to admit the case is weak.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I've seen precious little evidence presented yet that Trump wasn't floating above. I mean, I've seen very little evidence of Trump's direct involvement in getting this accomplished. Correct me if I'm wrong.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, you're right. A lot of that is going to come from Michael Cohen.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Prosecutors certainly haven't proven their entire case - - you know, they're burdened out by any stretch of the imagination. But something that certainly has not been established thus far eight or n days in is, well, what was the -- what can we say about the involvement of the actual defendant?(END VIDEO CLIP)PAVLICH: Meanwhile, Donald Trump is denying reports that he keeps falling asleep during court saying on Truth Social, "I simply close my big beautiful eyes -- blue eyes sometimes, listen intensely, and take it all in.So, Judge, where's this all going if even CNN is admitting that the prosecution hasn't proved its case beyond a reasonable doubt or at all?PIRRO: Well, if they continue along this vein, there will be an acquittal even by a pro-Democrat, anti-Trump jury, OK. Now, remember, everyone said they could be fair, but just about everybody hates Donald Trump. I mean, that's on this -- on this jury. But I think the significant thing is that David Pecker, when he testified, the head of AMI and the tabloid, said that he didn't discuss this with Donald Trump and he certainly didn't discuss the fact that this was a campaign contribution.Davidson would not, as you just said, agree it was hush money. He said it was consideration which is a part of a contract, and he denied it was hush money. And then today, we had Hope Hicks. Hope Hicks didn't lay a finger on Donald Trump. So, we're in day 11 with the ninth witness and nobody has touched Donald Trump. So, what this tells me is that Michael Cohen is the key here, and Trump and his lawyers will destroy him.I think there's something very important to go back to and it's a fundamental. The people have the obligation to prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt to 12 people. It's got to be a unanimous verdict. And if there is an explanation other than what the prosecution suggests, that is - - that is reasonable doubt right there.So, Hope Hicks said today that Donald Trump when he heard about the information coming out, I don't know, about which woman, he said don't let Melania get the newspapers. I don't want her seeing anything. That is proof positive that this was not about a campaign contribution, this was about saving his marriage, and he didn't want to get in trouble which is the classic example of why men enter into NDAs.PAVLICH: Well, Greg, if Michael Cohen is the ultimate witness, I'm sure he'll save the case.GUTFELD: Yes. And then you put in this guy Davidson. These guys make Michael Avenatti look like Thurgood Marshall. I mean, these key witnesses are so slimy they leave a trail behind them. In simplest terms, the key witness, Michael Cohen is the same person who supplied Trump with the advice that got him charged. So, again, it's like a patient having the wrong kidney removed and the hospital and the doctor are suing the patient for malpractice.You can give a hundred coats of paint on the turd -- on this turd, it's still a turd. And it seems like Trump is flushing it down Alvin Bragg's toilet. By the way, in terms of the sleep thing, Trump has got to embrace it. If there's a time and a place to sleep, it's there. He should bring a blanket and a neck pillow, maybe a little coco, have a little ambient music on the side. Because you know what? He shouldn't devote any attention to this because it's a farce -- Judge is right. Will the judge see it as -- will the jury see it as a farce? But everybody who's paying attention now sees it for what it is. This thing is more fabricated than Joe Biden's memories.PAVLICH: So, he's just resting his beautiful blue eyes, Harolds. What do you think is going to happen here?FORD JR.: Look, I don't -- I don't know. I tend to agree with the judge in one big aspect. The jury -- this will get to get to a jury at some point. Thus far, what I'm -- what I've read in the public narrative, there's nothing that says there was a crime here. There's some embarrassing things and salacious things but there's nothing criminal here.I differ with the judge in this regard. I think the jury can be fair. And I think this jury -- I think those two lawyers on that jury will -- if I -- if you're in President Trump's shoes --PIRRO: I agree with you.FORD JR.: -- you want you want lawyers there to be able to help if indeed people are enraged or intrigued by some of the salacious things being said. But I tend to agree with the fell on CNN we played. I've not read or seen, I have it on in the background, and kind of read the things that -- we're not in the courtroom obviously. But it doesn't appear that what they -- what they have to prove, that they have proven it yet.PAVLICH: Yes. And Brian, it seems like the polling shows that they also haven't proven it politically to the American people which is what the left has been trying to do given that they're clearly can't prove there's been a crime committed here.KILMEADE: In terms of what they want to do, they want to show that he only cares about -- he only cares about his campaign and doesn't care about his family. And as you said, he came out and said he didn't want Melania to know. It was deeply embarrassing. He wanted his family to be proud of him. That was Hope Hicks. The other thing is towards the end of her testimony, reportedly she just broke down and started crying.PIRRO: Oh, she did.KILMEADE: Yes. So, they had to have a pause and they go, I guess, she's done though. She came back. She goes sorry. And it just goes to tell, if you met her, she's like the kindest person.PIRRO: She is so sweet.KILMEADE: She is so efficient. And I've seen -- with things come at Trump from everywhere, she was one of three people running his 26 campaign -- '16 campaign. She never lost and always come -- always under pressure. And you realize there some really -- Ronna Graff is another one who was a long-time assistant. These are the nicest people you want to meet. Now, all of a sudden, they got worldwide scrutiny. They're not built for it and they deserve better.PAVLICH: And also, she moved on from this world of politics five years ago. And of course, now they're trying to just drag her back into it. Let her live her life. Leave her alone. All right, "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, they showed us the meaning of being cringy. Denver's water department --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Denver's water department dropping this Backstreet Boys parody replacing the heartthrob's lyrics with tips for limiting water usage. The Splashstreet Boys earn a shout out from the actual band saying, "You guys nailed this."Judge, you're a Back Street Boys fan. Did you -- were you going to limit your water usage as a result of this?KILMEADE: She likes all boy bands.PIRRO: No. Oh, really? Really?KILMEADE: That's right here.PIRRO: Here's the thing. You know what? I think after COVID, everybody thinks that they should put out a video or an album. I have no problem with that. I think it's fun. They're having a good time. Great.FORD JR.: Will you put this on Exclamation Point, on "GUTFELD?"GUTFELD: We are actually doing expose on these people.KILMEADE: Pull out?GUTFELD: Yes, it's a behind-the-scenes. You know, Harold, I look at you and I think you could have been in a boy band.KILMEADE: He could have.GUTFELD: You definitely could have. You would have been like --FORD JR.: I'll take that as the compliment.GUTFELD: You have been kind of like the quiet lady killer in the back that provides harmonies.KILMEADE: Pitch maker.GUTFELD: Yes. And you're the only one that doesn't go into rehab.PIRRO: Who would you be?GUTFELD: I would be the wise cracking --PIRRO: Frontman.GUTFELD: Frontman who then has a deep dark secret.PAVLICH: Yes, that's fun.GUTFELD: Yes. That Dr. Drew can solve.FORD JR.: Katie P?PAVLICH: That's not a very good P.R. move because they did all the video in front of dead grass.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.PAVLICH: So, if you want -- if you want your grass to die, follow their advice. But no, it's good to save water in the west. I agree.KILMEADE: I'm for it.PAVLICH: Maybe they should have chosen NSYNC though.FORD JR.: You dance on the weekends on the corners. Is this something --KILMEADE: Well, I wouldn't say on the corners. I picked my place. It's on many stages. I would say this. I really enjoyed this. I am very upset that these water people are better dancers than I am. And number -- and number two is I want to know why. They just say, tell me why. Why? Why do we --GUTFELD: Water rights. It's water rights.KILMEADE: Why do we -- yes, why do -- why don't we water during the day?PAVLICH: You're trying to do it right now.GUTFELD: California get the most from the Colorado River. California gets more water than any state.KILMEADE: So, you told me why.PAVLICH: And there's no excuse for California to do that because they have an ocean and they should desalinate. They don't.GUTFELD: What if Jesse Watters was here?FORD JR.: Up next, robots are coming for Lassie. Say hello to Sparkles. Boston Dynamic slapping a glittery blue dog costume on its popular robot dog call Spot, and then making it dance for some reason. It has people freaked out and calling it nightmare fuel.So, we're on a dancing theme here. Judge, what's your thoughts on this one?PIRRO: Why?KILMEADE: Tell me why.PIRRO: Tell me why. No, I don't like it. I have four rescues. I don't need another one. That -- why would you pay for that?KILMEADE: I'm a little fearful of them. They could attack you and kill you if they're programmed the wrong way.PIRRO: Yes.KILMEADE: These things can dance, they can move, they can go lateral, they can go -- they have great vertical and they don't look real.GUTFELD: Do you think --FORD JR.: They have great vertical?GUTFELD: Do you think, Harold, that when they poop it looks like little Smurfs?PAVLICH: Yes.GUTFELD: Little blue Smurfs? Look, this is a killing machine.KILMEADE: Thank you.GUTFELD: You know, you put -- you put a baseball cap on a battle tank, it's still a battle tank. This is a machine that is designed to do things. Sparkles is not an appropriate name unless it's a drag name. We don't know. This would be perfect for a children's birthday party. You know, if they step out of line, Sparkles will just eat them alive. But remember, this thing is going to be -- this thing is designed to carry your luggage. You do -- it walks behind and you put your luggage on top. That's what you're going to use for.KILMEADE: Or diffuse a bomb.GUTFELD: Yes.PAVLICH: Or diffuse a bomb.GUTFELD: Your show for example.PAVLICH: I don't know.PIRRO: That was good.KILMEADE: That was -- that was supposed to be good. That was good.PAVLICH: I'm caught in a crossfire here.KILMEADE: It's Saturday night if you want to see for yourselfPAVLICH: I'm in the crossfire here between Kilmeade and Gutfeld all day long.KILMEADE: You're so proud of yourself.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: I am. I am.PAVLICH: People dress up their real dogs. Why can't they dress up their fake dogs?GUTFELD: Exactly.KILMEADE: I can't believe you took notes on the robot dog.GUTFELD: Because I'm actually doing it later tonight.KILMEADE: Oh, OK, fine.GUTFELD: Yes. See, this is what we do on real shows. Like, on "FOX AND FRENCH" where you wander in and just sputter about anything.KILMEADE: You have no idea what we do. You've never seen the show ever.PAVLICH: I need a flak jacket. That's all I'm saying.FORD JR.: "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Paradise City medieval style. First question, what is something you're kind of snobby about? Right, you know, like things like wine or cheese or whatever that crap is. Katie, what are you snobby about?PAVLICH: What am I snobby about?GUTFELD: Yes.PAVLICH: I don't know. I don't think I'm snobby about --GUTFELD: Guns? Do you have like specific guns?PAVLICH: Maybe, maybe, yes. And ammunition because that ammunition jams.GUTFELD: Yes. What's a good ammo?PAVLICH: You mean, a brand?GUTFELD: Yes. What do you think I'm asking?PAVLICH: There's lots of brands.GUTFELD: OK.PAVLICH: I don't want to discriminate.GUTFELD: All right, Brian, what are you snobby about?KILMEADE: I know what I like.GUTFELD: What?KILMEADE: Is that similar to what you want?GUTFELD: OK.KILMEADE: I hate gum chewing. And when people come chewing, I immediately think less of them.GUTFELD: That's good. Yes, snobby about certain behaviors is good.KILMEADE: Good. So, I did OK?GUTFELD: Yes, you did all right. Harold, snobby for or against something?FORD JR.: I'm snobby about the fast food I eat. I like Popeyes and I like Chick-fil-A and I like this new thing, Raising Cane's. I'm very particular about chicken, especially fried chicken.PIRRO: Wow.GUTFELD: Judge?FORD JR.: I'm a snob on it.PIRRO: I'm snobby about people who lick their fingers when they're like eat chicken or something like that and they lick their -- I've seen that and I'm like where -- who -- where did they learn how to do that?FORD JR.: That's disgusting.GUTFELD: I guess I'm snobby about language. I'm very snobby about people who use too many catchphrases. Like, let's unpack this at the end of the day. I won't be around. That's why I don't watch "FOX AND FRIENDS."KILMEADE: Will you stop hitting the show? You hit the show last night too.GUTFELD: What age did you consider yourself an adult? Judge?PIRRO: 16.GUTFELD: 16. Oh, was that the first time you drove? Let me finish the sentence.KILMEADE: No one cut you off.GUTFELD: She's not denying it, Harold. What age did you consider yourself an adult?FORD JR.: Well, probably 14. But I got my first summer job when I was 13.PIRRO: I got mine when I was 12, so there.GUTFELD: I was a paper boy when I was 9.PIRRO: I worked in a dairy.KILMEADE: That's some good parenting. You 9-year-old out and about knocking on dairy. What the hell is going on? Who raised you?GUTFELD: I was raised by wolves.KILMEADE: Right.GUTFELD: What about you, Brian? When did you consider yourself an adult?KILMEADE: I would say I got my working papers and I walked the streets for a job. And the first person that hired me was Jerry Seinfeld's dad.GUTFELD: Oh, wow.KILMEADE: And before Jerry was famous, he had a sign shop. And he's like, what would you do? I go, I'll help you around here. And he said, OK. So, I would go out on the truck with the guys and hold the ladder and pull stuff off the truck. And next thing you know, Seinfeld was this -- the most famous comedian in the world.PAVLICH: Did you, Greg, want to go after him for saying he's walking the streets for a job?GUTFELD: No. I just -- I find it --PAVLICH: What kind of job?GUTFELD: It's funny that Seinfeld's dad made signs.KILMEADE: Yes. He was -- yes. He used to make cow signs and he would paint himself on every sign.GUTFELD: Yes. All right --FORD JR.: You paint them too?PAVLICH: My answer is probably as soon as I learned how to talk.GUTFELD: You're very mature baby.PAVLICH: I guess so, yes.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: How about you?GUTFELD: I'm going to say I guess when I was 17.PIRRO: Was that the first time?GUTFELD: It was a lonely night under a tree, walking the dog.PIRRO: With a -- with a dog.GUTFELD: I'm with the dog. The officer frisked me. All was well. All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." And Greg goes first.GUTFELD: Oh, what a show tonight. We have the angel Shannon Bream, Todd Piro, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's tonight. Oh, my favorite segment. All right. By the way, it's going to be a big new show.PIRRO: OK.GUTFELD: Anyway -- all right, so I'm going to play the audio. Let's play it and then we'll go around the table. All right, Judge, what do you say -- what do you think?PIRRO: What is it, a bird? What is it?GUTFELD: I'm not -- this is -- you play this game.PIRRO: OK.GUTFELD: Harold, she said a bird, but that's generic.FORD JR.: Can you -- can I -- do you have to specify the bird or she gets the whole bird?GUTFELD: If you specify the bird, you could win $1,000.FORD JR.: That is a --KILMEADE: Take your time. You got plenty.GUTFELD: Yes. Let's go right into 6:00.FORD JR.: That's not a bird. That is a fish.GUTFELD: It's a fish.PIRRO: That's a fish?GUTFELD: It's a fish says --FORD JR.: A fish.GUTFELD: You guys are brilliant. All right --KILMEADE: A parakeet.GUTFELD: A parakeet. OK, not just one keet but a parakeet.PAVLICH: It's an otter or a beaver.GUTFELD: You know what?PIRRO: What is it?GUTFELD: You don't win but let's show. It is a meerkat.PAVLICH: That was close.PIRRO: A what?GUTFELD: From the -- a meerkat from the Oakland Zoo. And that's a -- that's a protective murmur that it's making. He does it when he's standing on guard. Look at that. Isn't he adorable?PIRRO: No.GUTFELD: Meerkats are amazing.PAVLICH: He gave a high five.PIRRO: OK.FORD JR.: Throw him in the water. He could be a fish.PIRRO: OK, it's my turn now. OK, all this man wanted to do was just enjoy a beautiful day on the beach and eat his lunch when all of a sudden, whoosh, a hawk that was circling above swoops down and steals his sandwich mid bite. Like, he didn't even know what hit him.GUTFELD: It was planned. They had a film.PIRRO: It was not.GUTFELD: Yes, of course it was. He's totally like there ready for it.PAVLICH: That happened to my --GUTFELD: Who films some guy eating just sitting there?PIRRO: His girlfriend. All right, Harold.GUTFELD: He doesn't have a girlfriend, Judge.PIRRO: He does.FORD JR.: This mom -- this mom captured this adorable moment when her daughter was reunited with her favorite pretzel vendor. Her school is right around the corner from here. She's 4 years old. So, she's been there her -- I'm going to say her entire life, only two years. And this pretzel cart guy had been off for a few days and she saw him and ran right to him. The mom was concerned for a moment, then realized where she was running. He always gives a high five for her, a bottle of water. And you know I love stories like this.GUTFELD: You do, Harold.PIRRO: All right, it's so great. Brian.KILMEADE: All right, here we go. Special thanks to KLIF. They're going to start airing our shows tomorrow -- starting on May 6. On Monday, over in Dallas, thanks so much, guys. I appreciate it.GUTFELD: It's like your career is going off a cliff.PIRRO: Yes.KILMEADE: That's KLIF. It's a legendary station.PIRRO: Katie.KILMEADE: OK, I guess, I'm done.PAVLICH: OK. All right -- all right, a World War II veteran named Jack Milton was a sophomore at Western Kentucky University when he was called to active duty. He went on to earn a bachelor degree at the University of Maryland but he couldn't attend the graduation because he was deployed to Vietnam. But on Tuesday, the 100-year-old finally received the diploma and earned -- he earned nearly 60 years ago.FORD JR.: Hear! Hear!PAVLICH: He said at the ceremony, being a part of this was the best. He also served in the Korean War. So, congratulations to him.PIRRO: All right, grab the table. Do you want to live to you 100th?GUTFELD: Hell, yes.KILMEADE: Absolutely.PIRRO: Yes. OK. All right, that's it for us. Have a great night!