MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So my answer to everybody is, don't even ask the question. It is about spirit, motivation, patriotism. The good guys need to win and we are the good guys.See you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening, and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Here we go, again. Former President Donald Trump versus current President Joe Biden, will Grover Cleveland have company in the history books? Or will Joe Biden overcome historically low poll numbers?There are blinking caution lights for both candidates while the American people settle in for what looks like the longest general election in history.That general election started in earnest last night during the State of the Union. The talk of unity from his inaugural address years ago is gone. This was talking about contrast, not conciliation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My predecessor, a former Republican president tells Putin "do whatever the hell you want."My predecessor came to office determined to see Roe v. Wade overturned. He is the reason it was overturned.My predecessor and many in this chamber want to take those prescription drug away by repealing the Affordable Care Act.(BOOING)BIDEN: I'm not going to let that happen.And if my predecessor is watching, instead of playing politics and pressuring members of Congress to block the bill, join me in telling the Congress to pass it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Joining us now are Fox News contributors Charlie hurt and Marie Harf.Welcome to both.Marie, there was a policy aspect to the speech for sure. And there was a performance aspect. Did he move voters within his own party on the policy part out it? And did he assuage concerns about his mental acuity with Independents or other voters?MARIE HARF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: You know, I think he did, and a lot of Democrats were very nervous. They wouldn't admit it publicly, but they were very nervous leading up to this speech. He was basically -- you know, on fire. He was fired up. He was really in the details of policy. He was going back and forth, engaging with Republicans.I think there are a lot of people that thought Joe Biden would come out there and be sleepy, and not really engaged, make a lot of mistakes and he did the opposite, Trey.He came out and gave a really fiery speech. He was engaged in the details, and I think a lot of Democrats after that speech feel very good about the contrast because look, do voters think he's too old? Of course, they do. But they saw him in that speech be engaged and energetic, and paint a real contrast with his opponent who also isn't always in control of the facts when he speaks.So Democrats feel really good sitting here today about the policy and the optics, both of which matter as you know.GOWDY: And now we have the handsome Hurt brother, Charlie. Biden mentioned unity more times than any other president when he was sworn in. Hadn't heard much about it since then. But former President Trump has spoken a lot recently about unity within his party.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It was the most caustic, partisan, vitriolic State of the Union address that I have ever witnessed. I've seen -- you know, I've covered over 20 of them in my career covering politics, I've never seen anything like it.I think that Marie is right, in terms of, you know, he came out swinging. I don't know what they gave him before he came out, whatever it was, I would like a shot of it myself. But it was over the top. He was squinting, he was angry. He was vicious.And I'm sure that a lot of Democrats, a lot of partisan Democrats who don't care about the issues and don't care about the American people were thrilled with that performance, because what they saw was a partisan fighter, a street fighter. And I think that Republicans should be warned that this is -- this is the guy they're going to get. They're going to get this nasty fighter who is willing to say anything in order to win.And I think it's instructive for Republicans to realize that. The problem is, he is talking about things like Ukraine, he's talking about all of these things that people -- nobody in America actually cares about. He didn't talk about or hardly talked about or lied about issues like illegal immigration, that is, because of his policies is leading to the death and rape of Americans.He didn't talk about in any real way, the economy or housing costs, and all of these things that his policies have made worse for people and so, if that's the contrast, the race is over. Donald Trump is going to win this thing because Donald Trump is going to win on those issues.GOWDY: All right, Marie, there were national calls for change in the aftermath of James Byrd, Jr.'s murder, Matthew Shepard, George Floyd, Trayvon Martin, Tyree Nichols. The president did make reference to Laken Riley, but does he need to do more through executive action or some other means that doesn't require Congress? Because he seemed like he's underwater on that issue and I think the murder of Laken Riley is going to continue to be an issue throughout this election.HARF: Well, immigration is certainly an issue.It's interesting, Trey, in our last Fox News poll, more Americans actually blame Congress for the lack of action at the border than they blame Joe Biden, but Democrats and the White House need to take this issue seriously.He made a case in the State of the Union that he has put on the table the toughest border bill that any Democrat would ever agree to, Republicans were begging for this bill. He agreed to it, and then for political reasons, to help Donald Trump, Republicans in Congress walked away from it. That's what he needs to keep saying over and over and over again. That's the way to actually know bring down wait times to expel people from the country, get more judges to adjudicate these. That's a case they need to keep making.But I think they should also be considering executive action here, because these are horrifying stories that we hear, they tug at the heartstrings of voters, which we know really matters. And voters care a lot about immigration, Trey, but he also talked about women's health. He did talk about the economy and housing costs.He talked about a lot of issues that voters really care about and Republican sat there. I mean, you've sat in that chamber during these speeches. They sat there and in my opinion, looked like they weren't a serious party -- yelling, jeering, screaming, not really coming forward with a lot of policy proposals of their own even in the rebuttal.GOWDY: I slept a lot in that chamber. I'm not sure how much I sat and listened. So of them were pretty lengthy.Charlie, before I let you go, does former President Trump need Nikki Haley voters? And if he needs them, how does he get them? And I'll let you take us out with that one.HURT: Sure, he does. And the way he's going to get them is by talking about these issues that Joe Biden has ignored or has completely screwed up. Of course, the tough bill that Marie mentions is a bill put forward by House Republicans and all that that bill was, was the policies that Donald Trump had in place, the Trump border wall that solved the crisis at the border, that Joe Biden used executive action to undo to create the open borders and the crisis that we have.The problem, the reason that Republicans didn't go along with that bill, is because Democrats refused to accept that bill, and instead, insisted that they would only accept it if it included billions of dollars for Ukraine and the war in Gaza.GOWDY: God bless you both for joining us for what is going to be the longest general election in the history of mankind. We will see you both soon.What does it take to profit? What does it profit a person to gain the world and lose their soul or politically, what does it profit a person to become president if you spend the next four years fighting with Congress?Most eyes were on the presidential primary, but there are interesting House and Senate races, too. If you want to fundamentally change the country, you need a mandate. And if you want a mandate, you need the White House, the House, and the Senate.The GOP would not have the majority in the House right now were it not for New York and California, which are hardly conservative bastions. So what if anything that we missed while we were focusing our Super Tuesday eyes on the big prize,Fox News Radio political analyst, Josh Kraushaar joins us now.All right, Josh, tell me what I'm missing. From the GOP perspective, you must nominate candidates who can actually win in the fall, but in districts that are ruby red, you're going to get a Republican no matter what. So the question is whether you get a work horse or a show horse, what did you see looking at down ballot races?JOSH KRAUSHAAR, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, Trey, you know how important it is to be a workhorse and to win over some of these swing voters that there are a lot of voters right now that are on the fence. They don't like Joe Biden, they don't like his record, but they're still a little bit wary about Donald Trump and Republicans and Democrats both are trying to figure out how to appeal to those middle of the road voters with the Senate and the House both very much in play this year.I was paying close attention, Trey, to California because you hit the nail on the head that there are a lot of seats that Republicans hold in pretty blue areas of the state of California down in Los Angeles or you know, there's a big swing district in Orange County that's going to be in play.A lot of districts up north of the Central Valley and Republicans have a real chance to win and hold the majority in the House and win some pretty blue districts, but they need to have an appealing message, a broad message that doesn't just appeal to the base, but appeals to these middle of the road voters.GOWDY: All right, Josh, former President Trump has referenced party unity repeatedly in recent days, and his victory speech this week, I thought it was conciliatory.Meanwhile, Texas Republicans are fighting over the impeachment of Ken Paxton and Arizona Senate candidate Kari Lake, wrote this about Nikki Haley, which our viewers will be able to see. How does internecine fighting help win general elections? And what exactly is Kari Lake thinking? Arizona is or was a real pickup opportunity. So why don't you go out of your way to offend potential voters?KRAUSHAAR: It makes no sense. Politics is a game of addition, not of subtraction and the name of 2024 is going to be which party is going to be better equipped to hold their coalition together? I mean, Biden has all kinds of problems with the Democratic coalition with the base, young voters, Hispanic voters really wary about his job performance. And also voters in the middle that aren't sold about his record over the last three years.But Republicans have their own challenges. Trump is needing to win back those suburban moms, the Haley voters, the more moderates and Independents that want to vote Republican, but have some issues with Trump's personality and his ability to put -- you know, often is the willingness to push Republicans away?I think Trump did a good job as you noted, Trey, in his victory speech on Super Tuesday, but you had Kari Lake, as you noted, attacking Nikki Haley in that in a very nasty way and repelling a lot of people who might otherwise want to vote Republican in Arizona and boy, that Arizona Senate race is getting really interesting, Trey, because Kyrsten Sinema, who is an independent announced her retirement.There are a lot of Independent voters like voters that I call the McCain Republicans who want to vote Republican, that's their fundamental instinct, but they are turned off by this brand of insult politics on the far right and Kari Lake all too often is an example, a bad example of those tendencies in Republican Party politics.GOWDY: All right, that notwithstanding Steve Daines, Senator Steve Daines, has done a seemingly good job with candidate recruitment. I mean, Larry Hogan can't win in South Carolina. But Tim Scott can't win in Maryland, so different folks for different states.When you survey the Senate playing field, what do you see?KRAUSHAAR: Steve Daines has done a tremendous job because he's understood that you need a big tent Republican Party to win back the Senate to win big elections. So you have a lot of recruits all over the political map that reflect the states that they're running in.So you've got, you know, you mentioned, Montana, you have Tim Sheehy, the businessman and military veteran in Montana. You've got Sam Brown, who's got a very compelling story, he is a military veteran in Nevada. You've got Mike Rogers who you know from your days in the House, who is a foreign policy expert and former House Intel Committee chair.So, you know, a very diverse, very, very strong lineup of Republican recruits who certainly could put the -- you know, Republicans are favored I think right now to win back the Senate given the caliber of candidates.GOWDY: Josh Kraushaar, always enjoy listening to your perspective and having you on. Look forward to having you on again real soon.KRAUSHAAR: Thanks, Trey.GOWDY: Up next, the Supreme Court did the impossible. They agreed with one another, but is the harmony short lived? Fox News legal correspondent, Shannon Bream joins us right after the break on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.If only you believed in miracles, so would I, that was a lyric from an old Jefferson Starship song and we saw something of a miracle this week as the Supreme Court was unanimous in concluding Colorado could not kick Donald Trump off the ballot. The result was nine to zip. But was it a mirage?If you read the opinions, plural, you will see divisions and dives, the High Court sent an issue back to the states with the Colorado ballot ban, the court sent an issue from the states back to Congress which sounds like a law school exam question and I no doubt skipped class that day, but I will guarantee you, Shannon Bream did not. She is the host of "Fox News Sunday" and our chief legal correspondent.Welcome, Shannon.All right, tell us what's going on here. The scoreboard says nine to nothing, but there was some bickering in the locker room perhaps. What should we take from that?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Yes, that's a great way to put it. So bottom line, the opinion was, we all agree, Colorado does not have the right under this 14th Amendment Section 3 Insurrection Clause to kick a candidate off of the ballot. That is what the nine-oh was about. They were united in that.Now one of the concurrences with Justices Sotomayor, Kagan and Jackson that felt like and read in some ways like a dissent, but it was a concurrence, they agreed with the end result. They did not like the court's expanded reasoning that it got into questions about telling Congress what its role could be or should be in solving this problem. They said basically, what the court is about normally is as narrowly as possible sticking to answering a question. But these three accused the rest of the court going farther and saying you shouldn't have done all of this and gotten to all of these other extraneous things. Those are questions for another day.And even Justice Barrett, in her concurrence, basically said, I agree with the bottom line. We don't need to have bickering here publicly. Let's try to take the temperature down. So clearly some divisions.GOWDY: All right, I don't want to shock you, but some Democrats, like my former colleague, the law professor, Jamie Raskin, have promised to introduce bills to disqualify not only Donald Trump, but also other Republicans.So I want to assume you and I are teaching a law school class together, and I go to you and I say, Professor Bream, here's our exam question. Trump wins the presidency.BREAM: Right.GOWDY: The Democrats win the house in the Senate. They're in office before he is inaugurated. So Biden's still the president, and they moved to disqualifying him. Now, I know what would happen, you would say, Trey, we're not going to ask that question, because it is crazy and we'll pick another one.But the court seems tired of being involved in these political issues. Is that the sense you get, they don't want to be there.BREAM: Yes, listen, if I'm the professor, people are going to want their money back, because a question like that would make them all crazy. But yes, we always had the feeling the court does not want to get dragged into political conversations.Bush v. Gore is like their worst nightmare. They don't want to look like they are stepping in in any way and being political putting a weight on the scale. But you know, they have so many things this term, a couple directly related to former President Trump that can have great bearing on his campaign and the election.But they're also dealing with hot button issues, like a couple of abortion cases, a couple of gun cases, those decisions are all likely due at the end of June, early July, right before the first of the two conventions and right in the middle of the election. So as much as they would like to avoid getting dragged into things like this. And that scenario that you outlined there with a democratically-controlled House and Senate seated before the potential inauguration of President Trump. That's the kind of nightmare they would not want to get dragged into.But we know nothing should surprise us anymore and we have to be prepared for any scenario these days.GOWDY: All right, you and I are a couple of nerds. We actually listen to oral argument. I don't know why. But I listened to it. And so I got a very different feeling listening to the Colorado ban case than I did the presidential immunity case. I just -- I've got a different vibe on the DC Court of Appeals.BREAM: Right.GOWDY: It's now before the High Court. What do you, from a timing standpoint, what should we expect? And what's your sense of how that's going to go?BREAM: Well, as much as President Trump loved the justices earlier this week in that nine-oh decision, I'm not sure he's going to feel the same way come June, because that immunity case is much tougher. Just about everybody across the legal spectrum believes it's going to be a very heavy lift for the Trump legal team to try to win on this question of where immunity stops and starts for a former president about actions that he takes related to his official actions in court.So really, the win for the Trump team is the timing as you point out, because they're going to hear arguments April 25th, probably the end of the term before we get that. It could come sooner, but it's due by no later than the first of July, somewhere in there.But again, the trial court has been on pause, that Jack Smith trial that was supposed to start this week has been on pause. So until the Supreme Court makes a decision only then is it un-paused and then you know, all of the pretrial motions, discovery, all of those things will go back to being an interest, active and happening, but that means that you know, you can get to September or October potentially before you could actually get to the trial and will the DOJ want the appearance of a special prosecutor actually bringing a trial against one of the primary candidates for the presidency at a time they should be having debates and some states maybe early voting at that point.GOWDY: One of my favorite lawyers in the world, one of the very few lawyers I like including myself, Shannon Bream, you are going to be extremely busy this year. So thank you for joining us on a Sunday night and you go get some rest.BREAM: My privilege, friend. See you out there.GOWDY: Yes, ma'am.Coming up, Denver is asking property owners to rent spaces to migrants after shelters were closed. Will other blue cities fall victim to the exact same issue? That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Ashley Strohmier in New York.Israel military is planning to push ahead with its invasion of Gaza is crowded Rafah City. This, despite President Biden's warning that doing so would cross a red line. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced the operation earlier today while defending his policies in the war torn territory, a specific timeline was not provided, but he says the offensive would not last for more than two months. Ceasefire talks between Israel and Hamas have reached a deadlock.And now, TikTok's time in the US may be ticking away, the full House of Representatives will vote this week to ban the China-linked social media platform from all US devices. Now, if it's passed, the bipartisan bill will move to the Senate. US officials claim the app poses a risk to national security. President Biden says he would sign that legislation.I'm Ashley Strohmier, now back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Denver has run out a space and money for migrant so the Mile High City is shutting down four public shelters. The city's solution is to ask property owners to rent to migrants. There would be a cap on rent with nonprofits footing the difference.The Denver mayor of course, blames Republicans.Joining us from the Common Sense Institute is the Director of Policy and Research, DJ Summers. Welcome to you. Thank you for being here.I guess, my first question and forgive my ignorance, but if you're a migrant, and you don't have a job, or auto insurance, or health care, or maybe even access to transportation, how are you going to be able to afford any rent subsidized or otherwise?DJ SUMMERS, DIRECTOR OF POLICY AND RESEARCH, COMMON SENSE INSTITUTE: That's a great question, Trey. And we really haven't delved into the particulars of how exactly it is that migrants arriving in Denver are able to secure legal employment. What we do know for a fact and we, at the Common Sense Institute are all about the facts and all about the numbers is that this situation is simply costing the city of Denver and its institutions dearly.GOWDY: All right, let me ask you one other thing. And I'll kind of rely on my own background, I mean, who's going to do criminal history checks for background checks to make sure the person doesn't have a criminal history or ties to gangs or is otherwise here for nefarious reasons? I mean, I don't know how you do a credit search or a criminal history search on someone who has come from another country.SUMMERS: So if this is one of the issues, when these migrants arrive here, it stretches the resources that we have in Denver. That could be the Colorado Bureau of Investigation who does that. That could be the Denver Police force that does that. That could be any number of state or local legal institutions that do that.One way or another, it's going to cost them, those payrolls may have already been stretched. So it's kind of unclear at this point, how those portions of this operation are going to be attempted.GOWDY: And you also have education. So you may have children coming from countries where the teachers don't currently know that language, there's a legal obligation that the kids can go to school. It doesn't do any good to speak to them in English if they don't understand.So speaking of cost, finding teachers, elementary school, third grade teachers who speak certain languages, I would think would be a challenge. All right, before I let you go, I am not good on geography. So you've got to help me here. I don't think Colorado has a border with Mexico or Canada. I know South Carolina does not. So for the border to be the top issue for so many voters. Something else is going on. I mean, it's like the border has become a metaphor or an example of something else that is perceived to be broken in this country. How do you see it?SUMMERS: I think there's a lot of pent up maybe resentment. You know, Denver is one of the most expensive places to live in the country outside of any coastal mega cities. When you have people who are coming in stretching more of the tax resources that are coming. You are really putting a drain on where those tax dollars formally have gone and when you're offering them new programs, you're offering them rent caps, you're offering services that these people in Denver who have already been here are not getting, there's a little bit of resentment that will breed because of it.GOWDY: Are these migrants coming to Colorado with the consent, at the invitation of the Colorado state government? Or are they being sent by the federal government? How is it -- how does Denver or Colorado find itself in this situation?SUMMERS: It's very difficult to track where exactly the migrants come from and how they get here. We do know that Governor Abbott has taken responsibility for shipping somewhere around 16,000 of them. But we do have new reports coming from local media that say, -- more of them have come in simply through word of mouth, that word of mouth got back to El Paso, nonprofit facilities that Denver was simply a welcoming place to be, Denver was a good place to be.There were ample jobs, there were ready access to city services, shelter, space, food, what have you. So it's a mixture of these migrants coming here from Governor Abbott's or from their own need for security and safety.GOWDY: Denver is beautiful. But wait until you find out about Telluride. There are a lot of beautiful places in Colorado. I don't -- I can't afford the rent there. I'm not sure how anybody else can.DJ Summers, thank you so much for joining us on a Sunday night. I look forward to having you back again soon.SUMMERS: Thanks, Trey.GOWDY: Yes, sir.Coming up, you want to be able to visit, live, and work in the District of Columbia without literally risking your life. So what's going on in the nation's capital? Former DC homicide detective and Fox News contributor, Ted Williams right after the break only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The nation's capital belongs to all of us, but right now, it looks like the Wild West. Violent crime is out of control. No one is immune. Members of Congress have been victimized but members of Congress are lucky they work behind metal detectors surrounded by police. What about the rest of DC? What about you if you want to take a visit or take your children or your grandchildren? What about young people who dream of working a summer internship in the political center of the world?Even the most liberal city council on Earth finally decided it was enough. DC council approved legislation combating the district crime crisis, increasing penalties for gun violence, and creating a new felony for organized retail theft. What a change from the defund the police days or the days of reimagining crime and replacing cops with psychologists.The DC Council voted to slash millions in police funding and they were wrong, and we knew it all along. I guess, the question is how many people were victimized before they figured out soft on crime is really hard on victims.Ted Williams is a former DC homicide detective and a Fox News contributor and he joins us now. And I usually call him Mr. Williams. And my mom's going to be mad at me for calling him Ted, but he wants me to call him Ted, so I am.Ted, we could have saved them a lot of time and trouble. We warned them years ago that their approach was not going to work. And I just wonder how many people who were victimized before they figured it out.TED WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: You know, Trey, that's a very interesting question. And I can tell you, they would not have figured it out, but for the angry citizens in the District of Columbia, as well as business leaders who said hey, look, you all ought to do something about this crime, we are going to leave this city.As a matter of fact, the professional basketball team, the Wizards are now trying to move to Virginia or they are trying to get the Commanders, the football team to come back to Washington and they may be out of luck there because of the crime situation.Think about it, Trey, 900 carjackings, over 900 carjackings. That means, every time you got in your car, you had to look over your shoulder. And so as a result of that, the mayor, the light has come on in DC and they've enacted this new crime bill, the Secure DC Crime Bill and I'm hoping that it will help -- they need to also hire more police officers in this city. But they're doing something, Trey, they're doing something.GOWDY: You know, Ted, it is not just the district. There are other liberal jurisdictions that are finally figuring out that there are actually some really bad people in the world who want to hurt you. San Francisco seems to be figuring it out, New York seems to be figuring it out. They are putting more cops on the subway.I mean, I guess it makes me wonder, I mean do we just go in cycles where we try to be soft on crime for a decade and then figure out that doesn't work and then get tough on crime? Why do we have to keep repeating this cycle?WILLIAMS: Well, you know, it's all unfortunately about politics. And what do I mean by that? When these politicians who are in office, when they're up for re-election, all of a sudden life stars coming on.You look at London Breed there in San Francisco. San Francisco has been a pillar of crime for some time under her administration. Now all of a sudden, she wants to switch far from the left and move to the right. And she's doing that because she's up for re-election, she has a great deal of competition out there. And at the same time, the citizens are angry.And again, Trey, they're angry all over this country. You just talked about Mayor Adams in New York, and the subway there, where the National Guard now is patrolling the subways there to try to keep citizens safe. Citizens are angry all over this country, about the fact that you have a lot of these jurisdictions that are doing little or nothing about crime.GOWDY: You know, Ted, you mention the politicians. I'll guarantee you when you were a homicide investigator, a homicide detective, you never once asked a victim or victim's family members about politics. I certainly never did it as a prosecutor.I mean, I would think people no matter what their political ideology, they want to be safe. They don't want to hear gunshots at night, they want their property values to go up. So how do we get politicians to quit using crime as a divisive tool for people who just want to be safe?WILLIAMS: You know, that's an excellent question. And I think that the citizens and you're right, law-abiding citizens just want to feel safe in their communities. And as a result of that, they're going to have to keep an eye on these politicians to see that they're doing things in a consistent manner.When it comes to crime in these neighborhoods, these thugs, these thugs have taken over and in the District of Columbia here, where you have these teenagers with all of these guns that are on the street here. And as a result of that crime has gone up.Last year, homicides were up in the District of Columbia, after a 25-year low. It is very troubling, but I think that citizens are taking a look and they can be very beneficial and helpful to get crime to go down.GOWDY: Ted Williams, you've been very beneficial and helpful to us. This is really not either one of us a political issue. It's just been carjacked, hijacked by politicians.Thank you for joining us on a Sunday and I look forward to having you again real soon.Williams My pleasure, my friend.GOWDY: Coming up, too much screentime is bad for our children, but don't take my word for it. Psychologist, Dr. Kevin Gilliland joins us next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.At the time I thought it was child abuse, 30 minutes of television a week is what my parents gave me, 30 minutes a week. We could watch "Happy" or "Days" but not "Happy Days." On a school night, you could forget about watching television.The world is different now, some parents haven't seen their children's eyes in years. All they see are the tops of their heads as young people stare at a screen. The screen is different, now a phone or other device, but the result is not.A new study from JAMA Pediatrics shows early development is impacted by screen time. Children two and under spend 42 minutes a day watching screens and that is hindering communication and motor skills and social skills and attention span and speech. It robs young people of human interaction and kids miss on average hearing 1,000 words spoken per day by an adult.Pediatrician say keep children from screens until they're 18 months old and then only for educational purposes.Dr. Kevin Gilliland is a psychologist, and he definitely has some thoughts on this.Welcome. Dr. Gilliland. What do you think? Is this our weekly warning about social media? Or is there something really going on here?DR. KEVIN GILLILAND, PSYCHOLOGIST: Well, first of all, I think your parents were making good decisions limiting your television, that's first.Second, this one is a really important study. From birth to three is a critical time period for the acquisition of words and what you need is a language-rich environment, not just from the parent or from the child, but there's also that interactive part.And so that forms the building blocks of language and it's predictive of social development, emotional development, IQ, brain health.Look words are vitamins for the developing brain, so it is critical and what this study found is that one of the things interfering is technology and screens. And the more screen time, the less parent-child interaction time.GOWDY: All right, Doc, my wife read to our children nightly, as I'm sure your wife, Ann, did. Both of our wives were teachers. But what else can families do now with all of these device distractions to do what you just said, and use words with one another?GILLILAND: Yes, not everybody can get professional help, like you and I did having spouses that are teachers. And my -- I've got a two-year-old, I've got a grandson and I love that little tiny human. But when I come home from work, it takes effort to be pops. And what this research and researchers did that I love was saying, hey, we're not saying zero technology and programs, what we're saying is be thoughtful.And in fact, there's some good studies of watching programs with your child and adding to what's being discussed, very beneficial, even some independent viewing with good educational programming, that's fine as well.But make sure we're reading to them, talking to them, making animal sounds back and forth, that all helps to add to those words in that parent-child dynamic.GOWDY: All right, Doc, we are overwhelmed with studies seemingly now, about one a week and it is hard for those of us who don't have side Ds, or don't have PhDs to separate the noise from what's real.So on this issue, on social media, particularly with respect to children and their development, what caught your attention the most? And what should we be the most focused on?GILLILAND: You know, it's really kind of convicting, because when you're tired, and this study points that out, they're like, look, let's not talk about the challenges of life, both parents working, and developing and pouring into your child. It's not easy to fit that in.But being mindful of, are you handing a screen or an iPad or a TV program that streams? Are you asking it to do something for you, like, give you too big of a break? It's okay to utilize it. But do it thoughtfully.And I think that's the biggest takeaway is look, technology for us as individuals and as children. It's something we're still learning to manage. And this study, it's another one of those that is kind of convicting of don't ask it to do too much. And I liked that about this study.GOWDY: Dr. Kevin Gilliland, I knew you when you were 17 years old, and the fact that you are a grandfather now. I don't know if the word is alarming or happy. I don't know what the right word is. But life moves fast.Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night and loaning us once again your expertise in a way we can digest it.GILLILAND: Good to be with you, Counselor.GOWDY: A couple of things before we go, presidents used to submit the State of the Union in writing -- no speech, no televised address. No drama. TV has changed much about our culture. But would you prefer to read the speech in your own home or watch it like you're at a British soccer match?I want you to let me know what your preference is.And I was on TV this week and made a pretty innocuous joke about someone I've known for 30 years. It was a joke I've made a million times usually in front of that person. I say I'm as nervous as Lindsey Graham in a spelling bee. And no one laughs harder at that joke than he does.But the media, some of them have little sense of humor. The headline was that I somehow had dissed him. Actually, it's called a joke. I wish the print media had a sense of humor, or maybe invest in a phone call before embarrassing themselves with a story.I mean, some reporters don't know the difference between a joke and a diss, maybe if they had more friends they would.Finally one of our most loyal viewers passed away this week. Bert McCarthy, Roberta McCarthy, mother of Kevin McCarthy, others called him congressman or speaker or majority or minority leader, but to her, it was son.She wrote every Sunday night after the show and told me what I got right and what I got wrong, and I loved every second of it and I will miss it and I will miss her. But she is free of pain and reunited with her husband and others who went before her.So rest in peace, Mrs. Roberta McCarthy.Thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. Hope you have a great week ahead.Until next week, you can find us online at Gowdy America or on "The Trey Gowdy Podcast."Good night from South Carolina.