DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Podcast this week, Perino On Politics with Brit Hume, everybody, Brit Hume.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Brit Hume. Brit Hume, everybody.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That we got to see.PERINO: It just posted. Jessica?GUTFELD: Thank you, Dana.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: OK. They're striking a pose on the mound. A Florida exhibition baseball team for the hilarious rendition of the famous scene from Dirty Dancing. Those are of course the Savannah Bananas which are huge sensation.PERINO: Of course.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Savannah Bananas.PERINO: All right, that's it for us, everyone. Have a great night! Hey, Bret!BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The Savannah Bananas. OK, Dana, thanks.Good evening. I'm Bret Baier.President Biden and his team send mixed messages over whether he has apologized for calling an immigrant murder suspect illegal. Our "COMMON GROUND" segment deals with how the border crisis is affecting Congressional threat assessments and another major city contemplates using the National Guard to deal with violence in public transportation facilities.But first, breaking tonight, we are getting new information on the dangers of illegal immigration as reports of arrests for violent crimes escalated across the country. The director of the FBI was grilled on the subject today during the Senate's annual Worldwide Threat Assessment hearing. You can expect more of the same tomorrow in the House, but some headlines today.Correspondent Gillian Turner has details from the State Department tonight. Good evening, Gillian.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi. Good evening, Bret. We got a rare glimpse today into the Intelligence Community's thinking about what exactly America is up against and the Intel chiefs did not paint a pretty or a comforting threat picture. They faced some pretty tough questioning from Republicans about the threat of terrorism now emanating from the Southern Border.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): There is a network we're concerned about that has facilitators involved in it that have ties to ISIS and terrorist organizations.CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FBI: Correct.TURNER (voiceover): FBI director Chris Wray acknowledging for the first time-sensitive intelligence concerns about terrorist ties to human smuggling operations at the border.SEN. JOHN CORNYN (R-TX): Can you tell the American people with any certainty that there are zero people on the terrorist watch list that were among that 1.8 million gotaways?WRAY: We don't know what we're dealing with in that particular context.TURNER (voiceover): Mexican cartels and Chinese manufacturers are now working hand in glove to get deadly narcotics into the U.S.WRAY: The vast majority of the fentanyl that's killing Americans is of course coming from Mexico and the vast majority of the precursors for that fentanyl is coming from China.TURNER (voiceover): But drugs are hardly the only national security threat China poses. Its ties to TikTok are now a top tier concern.SEN. MARK WARNER (D-VA): Donald Trump was right years ago when he pointed out the enormous national security concerns around TikTok.WRAY: That kind of influence operation or the different kinds of influence operations you're describing are extraordinarily difficult to detect which is part of what makes the national security concerns represented by TikTok so significant.TURNER (voiceover): The Director of National Intelligence warns China is now amping up its collaboration with other U.S. adversaries.AVRIL HAINES, DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE: Another critical intersection we are monitoring is the relationship between government of Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran which is evolving as these four countries expand collaboration.(END VIDEOTAPE)TURNER (on camera): Well, this year, 60 different countries will go to the polls to elect their leadership. Sen. Warner says there are deep concerns here in the U.S. that Russia will try to meddle in our presidential election. He says Putin is more incentivized than ever given the stakes of his war against Ukraine. Bret?BAIER: Gillian Turner at the State Department. Gillian, thanks.Tomorrow, the House as we mentioned will hold its threat assessment hearing. Coming up shortly, we'll get a preview of that from the chairman and ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee in our "COMMON GROUND" segment.Presidents over the years have occasionally played word games at certain times. Bill Clinton struggled with the definition of is in the deposition. Now, President Biden is sending mixed messages about what constitutes an apology. The President has expressed regret over labeling the suspect in the murder of a Georgia student an illegal. But his team says that was no apology.White House Correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has details tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.President Biden's strategy lately is to take some swings at his critics, let the people see him off the cuff to counter some age concerns. But this display was so problematic in part because for his base it cuts against the contrast that Biden wants to draw with how former President Trump talks about immigrants. But the White House is not owning the walkback either.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)OLIVIA DALTON, WHITE HOUSE PRINCIPAL DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY: The President absolutely did not apologize. There was no apology anywhere in that conversation. He did not apologize. He used a different word. I think what we should be really clear about is the facts.HEINRICH (voiceover): The White House seems to want it both ways. Now, forcefully saying President Biden's regret over calling Laken Riley's alleged murder and illegal doesn't amount to an apology, even though this interview --JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He's an undocumented person. And I shouldn't have used illegal. He's undocumented.JONATHAN CAPEHART, HOST, MSNBC: So, you regret using that word?BIDEN: Yes.HEINRICH (voiceover): And to clean up his initial response.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you regret using the word illegal to describe immigrants last night, sir?BIDEN: Well, probably. I don't regret it. Technically, he's not supposed to be here.HEINRICH (voiceover): Biden has not expressed regret or apologized for policies that allowed Laken Riley's alleged killer to roam free after entering the country illegally than tangling with law enforcement twice. The administration blames Republicans.DALTON: It's unconscionable that there are some people who are playing politics when let's not forget, House Republicans are standing in the way of a bipartisan border security agreement.HEINRICH (voiceover): But Biden faces multiple pressures within his base.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What are you going to do Genocide Joe? Tens of thousands of Palestinians are dead?BIDEN: Wait, wait, wait.HEINRICH (voiceover): Israel's Prime Minister vowing to defy Biden's warning against an operation in Rafah.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL: We're not getting off the gas. I'm telling you that we have to take care of Israel's security and our future. And that requires eliminating the terrorist army.HEINRICH (voiceover): Biden drew the red line while also indicating he wouldn't enforce it by suspending military support.BIDEN: The defense of Israel is still critical. So, there's no red line I'm going to cut off all weapons so they don't have the iron dome to protect them. They don't have -- but there's red lines that if he crosses -- and we cannot have 30,000 more Palestinians dead.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): Notably, President Biden echoed the death toll assessed by the Hamas-run Gaza Ministry of Health. And it is the second time that he has embraced their statistics, even though he has access to U.S. intelligence, which has not released its own numbers. The last time Biden assessed or cited rather Hamas numbers, officials here dismissed it as a reference to publicly available data, Bret.BAIER: And Jackie, we heard a lot about immigration and dealing with it from the President in the State of the Union address. President Biden apparently now having a change of heart on the idea of using executive action to secure the border.HEINRICH: Yes, this just happened moments ago on his way back from New Hampshire. You'll recall a few weeks ago, the President said that he's already done all he can with the stroke of a pen, and then he shifted again and said that there was more he could do, but he would prefer to have Congress legislate this issue with the border.Now, today, it seems like no executive action is forthcoming. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, when is an executive action coming, an executive action on the border?BIDEN: Count on the border action happened by itself, the passing.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But Congress can't come to an agreement.BIDEN: Well, they haven't yet. They haven't.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How are you going to help them?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They haven't yet. And I'm helping them.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: So, he says he is helping them, meaning Congress, address this issue but we're not aware of anything except for the continued calls for Congress to take up the bill that never even cleared the Senate, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thank you.Former President Donald Trump is hammering home what figures to be his main general election theme, the border crisis. Saturday, the former President met with the parents of the murdered Georgia nursing student, allegedly at the hands of an illegal immigrant.Correspondent Bill Melugin has the latest tonight from West Palm Beach, Florida.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: To her family tonight, I promise you I will demand justice for a Laken.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Former President Donald Trump invoking Laken Riley's name at a campaign rally in Georgia over the weekend. Before that event backstage, Riley's parents met with Trump as he blasted President Biden's handling of the border, saying it was his catch- and-release policies that allowed Riley's Venezuelan alleged killer into the U.S. in September 2022.TRUMP: Laken Riley would be alive today if Joe Biden had not willfully and maliciously eviscerated the borders of the United States and set loose thousands and thousands of dangerous criminals into our country.He was an illegal migrant and he shouldn't have been in our country and he never would have been under the Trump policy.MELUGIN (voiceover): But Democrats accuse Trump and fellow Republicans of using Laken Riley's death as a political ploy.SEN. RAPHAEL WARNOCK (D-GA): They're trying to score political points in the wake of a young woman's death. That is craven politics at its worst. It's what turns people away from politics.MELUGIN (voiceover): Trump is approaching the finish line, closing in on the 1,215 delegates needed to officially secure the Republican nomination with immigration at the center of his message.TRUMP: On day one of my new administration, I will terminate every open border policy of the Biden Administration and we will use every tool at our disposal to rid our country of the monsters who Joe Biden set loose to threaten and kill innocent Americans.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Bret, just moments ago, Fox News was able to confirm that Donald Trump's new leadership teen -- team, excuse me, over at the RNC began cutting dozens of staffers from their positions. It appears a major shakeup now underway at the RNC following Lara Trump's recent ascension to RNC co-chair. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: Bill Melugin in West Palm Beach, Florida. Bill, thanks.Former President Trump meantime is seeking to delay his March 25th criminal trial until the U.S. Supreme Court rules on the presidential immunity claims he raised in another of his cases. The high court is scheduled to hear arguments on the immunity issue April 25th.The Trump legal team contends he is immune from prosecution for conduct alleged to involve official acts during his tenure in office. His lawyers argue some of the evidence and alleged acts in that case overlap with his time in the White House and constitute official acts. The judge in the case did not immediately rule.Stocks today were mixed as markets brace for key inflation data. The Dow finished ahead 47. The S&P 500 was off six. The NASDAQ lost 66.President Biden's new budget request seeks $850 billion for defense. This comes as American forces repel a major assault by terrorists over the weekend. Terrorists supported by Iran continue to attack ships in the Red Sea, despite Biden Administration warnings, repeated warnings.Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin fills us in tonight from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): The U.S. Navy defeated a large-scale attack by Iranian-backed Houthis in the Red Sea this weekend, the largest single attack to date. U.S. warship shot down at least 28 drones in just four hours.Days earlier, the Houthis fired an anti-ship ballistic missile at the MV True Confidence, a commercial bulk carrier, killing three sailors. CENTCOM Commander General Erik Kurilla, just back from the region, told Congress Iran is not second-guessing backing proxies.GEN. MICHAEL KURILLA, COMMANDER, CENTCOM: Iran is undeterred in support to the Houthis. They're undeterred in their support to Hezbollah, their support to Hamas.GRIFFIN (voiceover): Each SM-2 missile fired costs more than $2 million apiece to shoot down drones that cost a few thousand dollars.KURILLA: I would love to have the Navy produce more directed energy that can shoot down a drone, so I don't have to use an expensive missile to shoot it down. But what's worse than not having that expensive missile shoot it down is hitting that $2 billion ship with 300 sailors on it.GRIFFIN (voiceover): Also in the region, U.S. military transport planes continued aid drops over Gaza this weekend, dropping 27,600 meals and nearly 26,000 bottles of water today. On Saturday, U.S. Army vessel General Frank S. Besson departed Norfolk, Virginia, carrying the first equipment to establish a temporary pier in Gaza after President Biden announced the plan during his State of the Union Address.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): There are two Israeli ports north of Gaza, but Israel controls the checkpoints. The Pentagon has not explained how it plans to provide security and safe distribution without putting U.S. boots on the ground in Gaza, something U.S. officials say they will not do. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you.Secretary of State Anthony Blinken is meeting with Caribbean leaders in Jamaica as part of an urgent push to address Haiti's spiraling crisis. Pressure is growing on Prime Minister Ariel Henry to resign or agree to a transitional council. The attacks by powerful gangs on key government targets in Haiti began in late February across Haiti's capital of Port-au- Prince. Scores of people have been killed.Up next, National Guard troops in the U.S. in public transportation facilities. We'll tell you about the latest big city considering that move.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Two New York National Guard members and a border Patrol Agent have been identified as the three people killed in a U.S. military helicopter crash in Texas along the southern border.New York State Trooper John Grassia III and New York National Guard helicopter pilot Casey Frankoski had already been identified Saturday. Sunday, we learned the third person killed in Friday's crash was Border Patrol agent Chris Luna.A settlement has been reached over Florida so-called Don't Say Gay rules for teachers. State education officials and civil rights attorneys have agreed students and teachers will be able to speak freely about sexual orientation and gender identity in classrooms provided it is not part of instruction.Opponents said the law created confusion about whether teachers could identify themselves as LGBTQ Plus or if they could have rainbow stickers in classrooms.Florida Governor Ron DeSantis's office is calling today's decision a victory. Saying, Florida's classrooms will remain a safe place.In "AMERICA'S "CRIME CRISIS" tonight, putting National Guard troops at public transportation hubs. It's already happening in New York and now there are calls for troops to be deployed in Chicago.Senior correspondent Mike Tobin is there tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The head of the union representing transit workers in Chicago, says he's been complaining for years, his drivers are vulnerable.Now, that New York dispatch the National Guard at the city subway, Keith Hill says he wants guardsmen screening for weapons and assisting with security on Chicago's buses and L trains.KEITH HILL, PRESIDENT, AMALGAMATED TRANSIT UNION LOCAL 241: Our drivers feel helpless, we feel like we're sitting ducks.TOBIN (voiceover): Hill sent us pictures of an incident last year, in which he says a sleeping passenger left a nine-millimeter handgun and a high- capacity magazine on a bus.Less than three weeks ago Brandon Taylor was arrested. The police report says he argued with a CTA employee then fired shots at a train car. The rates of violent incidents on Chicago trains and buses have more than doubled since the pandemic. But the Chicago Transit Authority notes a downward trend since 2022. "Thanks to a strong partnership between the Chicago Police Department and CTA crime as a percentage of CTA ridership remains very low. Last year, overall crime was down five percent, and that trend has continued in 2024.CTA riders wants security, but some aren't ready to call out the guard.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I wouldn't mind. Only the bad guys get scared when they get freaks, you know.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's definitely an invasion of privacy completely 100 percent.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: As a black person, that does not make me feel safe.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It can be scary to take the metro or just to even wait for the bus. So, it would be a nice option like to have the security with us.(END VIDEOTAPE)TOBIN (on camera): Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker would be responsible for deploying the guard. His office did not respond to inquiries. In New York, after complaints that it looked like a warzone, Governor Hochul barred guardsmen from carrying long guns.Bret, back to you.BAIER: Mike Tobin in Chicago. Mike, thanks.Voters in one of the most liberal of all American cities has have overwhelmingly approved tougher crime policies. Senior correspondent Claudia Cowan tells us what's changing now in San Francisco?(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CLAUDIA COWAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Fed up with years of spiraling crime and open-air drug use, voters in this famously liberal city moved to the center, passing two conservative ballot measures, including one that supports police.It gives San Francisco's severely understaffed Police Department more leeway to chase suspects and more technology to fight crime.LT. TRACY MCCRAY, SAN FRANCISCO POLICE DEPARTMENT: The surveillance, the flock cameras, the license plate readers, where it would help our investigations, tracking, and getting all that without really putting either us at risk, or the public. So, to me that's a win-win.COWAN (voiceover): Voters also demanded that millions of taxpayer dollars in public assistance come with accountability. Passing a measure that requires welfare recipients to undergo drug screenings. The voter revolt started two years ago with the recall of a district attorney widely seen as soft on crime.And while the streets were cleaned up for world leaders during last year's APEC conference, residents lamented the swift return of professional thieves, store closures, homelessness, and drugs. A record 806 people died from overdoses last year.LONDON BREED, MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO: I've had enough of it and clearly the voters have had enough of it too.COWAN (voiceover): Facing a tough reelection battle this fall, Mayor London Breed supported both ballot measures, a contrast to her position in 2020, when she moved to defund the police by $120 million.(END VIDEOTAPE)COWAN (on camera): The idea of broadening police powers here would have been unthinkable four years ago. But the pendulum is swinging back with voters passing the two law and order measures by wide margins. Bret?BAIER: Claudia Cowan in San Francisco. Claudia, thanks.Up next, one Democrat, one Republican. We seek "COMMON GROUND" on threats to U.S. national security.And later, the incredible amount of taxpayer money being requested for congressional earmarks.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION: It's the first time I've seen in a long, long time the threats from homegrown violent extremists that is jihadist-inspired extremists, domestic violent extremists, foreign terrorist organizations, and state-sponsored terrorist organizations, all being elevated at one time.Since October 7th though, that threat has gone to a whole another level.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: FBI Director Chris Wray in the Senate side.Tomorrow, the House Intelligence Committee will hold its annual Threat Assessment hearing. Lawmakers will hear from the heads of the major intelligence agencies.Joining us tonight are the ranking member of that committee and the chairman, a Democrat Jim Himes and chairman Republican Mike Turner. Gentlemen, thanks for being here.Mr. Chairman, that soundbite is sounds very ominous. Are you all seeing Intel that matches that of the threat assessment being very, very high?REP. MIKE TURNER (R-OH): Absolutely. And it's great that Director Wray has been so forthcoming. You know, this is a very rare series of hearings, both the today in front of the Senate and tomorrow in front of the House, where people get to see a public hearing, where the intelligence communities are able to visit with intelligence defense and law enforcement. Director Wray has been, as he has been saying, all lights are flashing red. And he, of course, attributes this directly to what is happening at the southern border, people who have entered the country, which they don't have an understanding of where they might be or what their intentions are. But they do know of the nexus between -- a relationship between them and terrorist groups and organizations, and that's why he's sounding the alarm.BAIER: Congressman Himes, at one point in that hearing, as you look at that hearing, Director Wray said he wanted to be careful what he could talk about in open session. But there's a particular network of smugglers that has ties to ISIS that he is worried about what they're doing, and they are investigating this, spending a lot of time investigating it. He was pressed about that. He said "facilitators tied to ISIS?" He said, "Correct." "A terrorist organization? Correct." Not any more detail but, again, that's ominous when you talk about human smugglers across the southern border with ties to is.REP. JIM HIMES, (D-CT) HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE: Yes. That's a piece of it, Bret. And, of course, any time you have people coming across any border, the southern border in particular where you don't know their backgrounds and they are sneaking in illegally, that is a risk. And so that's something that I hope that we'll focus on. Frankly, I wish it was something that we had passed with respect to a border deal that came out of the Senate.But it's not just that, Bret, right? It's also if you listen to Wray closer there, he said domestic violence extremists. Here in the political realm in a very polarized realm, and I'm happy to say that on our committee it's not as polarized, you just have more Americans than ever before saying violence may be OK. We had the attack on Steve Scalise by a deranged individual. We had January 6th, the riot and the assault on the Capitol.So, I hope this is a moment for Americans to say there is an awful lot of really complicated stuff happening out there in the Middle East and Russia, Ukraine, and Venezuela and stuff. So it's time for us as Americans to take a deep breath and remember that violence for whatever reason is not -- is not excusable.BAIER: Understanding Congressman Himes you are talking about the bill, the Senate bill that was proposed, and it's not going anywhere in the House, we heard from President Biden in the State of the Union. But we are also hearing that he is not moving forward with any executive actions. Are you OK with that knowing what you see intel wise about the border?HIMES: There is a long legal debate about what executive actions are on the table. It wouldn't surprise me, by the way, if he did sort of push things to the limit of his executive authority. I do think, and I don't know how my chairman feels about this, but I do think that we really missed a huge opportunity. Look, when a bill gets negotiated by James Lankford, one of the most conservative senators in the United States Senate, passes with strong bipartisan support, that was a huge missed opportunity, because as we approach election, the idea that the House is going to act on anything else is a huge missed opportunity.BAIER: That, by the way, is the vote dinging in the background. Chairman, do you want to respond to is that?TURNER: Well, I think there have been actions that this administration has taken that has exacerbated this, that has caused this problem, that this didn't just happen under President Biden's watch. It happened under President Biden's executive orders one after another that undid prior policies. And I think certainly that there are policies that he could undertake now that could fix this.But I think what's really important us, certainly when you look issues facing our community and our committee, it's what are the threats that we need to be rising to the occasion of? Tomorrow, again, in front of our committee, people are going to be able to hear the intelligence committee, law enforcement, and the defense community talk in ways that they are not usually hearing of these threats. In our space, in classified hearings, we hear these things on a regular basis. We see the intelligence products. There certainly are a lot of threats, even from state actors around the world that we're going to be focusing on tomorrow that go right to the heart of the security of America. And certainly, we are going to be hearing a lot about the risks to Ukraine and the need for the United States to step up and get this supplemental passed so they can have the weapons to be able to defend themselves.BAIER: Chairman Turner, you put out sort of a vague warning about a threat, a serious national security threat days ago. And it's been reported that it's tied to Russia's attempts to develop an anti-satellite nuclear weapon in space. Is that a red alert status, still?TURNER: Right. Well, unfortunately, the administration has not declassified this, so, I'm not able to either confirm or deny that that's it. But let's just talk a minute about what the significance of the news report should be if that is the current threat that we are facing. You know, such a weapon would, of course, wipe out our communications, our ability to defend ourselves in many ways, and would be a clear violation of the reason why we have an international treaty that says there should be there no such weapons in space because of their just destructive force. It would also render space unusable even for a period of time afterwards. So it's not as if like tomorrow you just reinstitute everything that is lost. Such a situation would be of grave danger, and I go think that Jake Sullivan at the administration is taking this seriously, and the administration is now taking action to try to avert this.BAIER: Congressman Himes, the Democrat who used to come the chairman of this committee, and you, by the way, have said that your committee is working hand in hand on a lot of different issues and seeking common ground. But Adam Schiff over the weekend was asked about providing intel to now the presumptive nominee, Donald Trump. Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF, (D-CA) CALIFORNIA SENATE CANDIDATE: I have to hope, and knowing the intelligence community as I do, that they will dumb down the briefing for Donald Trump. That it, they will give him no more information than absolutely necessary, nothing that would reveal sources and methods, because we can't trust that he will do the right thing with that information. He has been so reckless.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What do you think about that? I mean, he will be the presumptive nominee. He is a former president. Do you think that's OK the way that's phrased?HIMES: Well, as you might imagine, I'm not a fan, but I will say I'm also a process guy. And regardless of what we may think or not think of a particular nominee, whoever it is, the intelligence community needs to do what it is policy for it to do. It cannot change -- it cannot treat any candidate differently just because a Democrat or whoever doesn't like that candidate.So, look, in this very polarized environment when there are all sorts of accusations around the weaponization of government going both ways, this takes me back to Jim Comey. Jim Comey in 2016 when he decides he is going to change Justice Department policy to announce an investigation right before an election -- a bad idea because it's not consistent with process. So what I would hope is that the intelligence community doesn't treat any presidential candidate different from any other presidential candidate with respect to the information that they see.BAIER: And Congressman Himes, real quickly, your committee, do you think it works differently as far as the common ground aspect of it now?HIMES: No question, no question. Look, we had the misfortune to get caught up in an investigation which inevitably became political with respect both to how and when and why Russia intervened in the last election -- I should say 2016. And then, of course, we had the Ukraine investigation. There was no way that was going to be navigated without it becoming partisan.Look, I give an enormous amount of credit to Chairman Turner. He has really made an effort, I think we both have, to remind every member of committee and every member of this Congress that this stuff is too important to be used as a partisan cudgel.BAIER: Yes. Mr. Chairman, ranking member, we will be watching the committee hearing tomorrow. Thanks a lot.HIMES: Thanks, Bret.TURNER: Thank you, Bret.BAIER: You can all see the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see the discussion on the FOX News YouTube page.Up next, almost $13 billion of your tax money on congressional pet projects. Chad Pergram takes a look.And, later, the panel on how the border crisis fits in with threats to national security.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Alabama Republican Senator Katie Britt is refusing to clarify her comments during the State of the Union GOP response concerning the story of a human trafficking victim. She implied the event happened during President Biden's term. FOX NEWS SUNDAY anchor Shannon Bremen questioned Britt about that yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Did you mean to give the impression that this horrible story happened on President Biden's watch?SEN. KATIE BRITT, (R-AL): No, Shannon. Look, I very specifically said this is what President Biden did during his first 100 days.BREAM: But to be clear, the story that you relate is not something that's happened under the Biden administration, that particular person?BRITT: Well, I very clearly said I spoke to a woman who told me about when she was trafficked when she was 12.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Meantime, New Jersey Democratic Senator Bob Menendez and his wife pleaded not guilty today to new obstruction of justice charges in a New York court. They had previously pleaded not guilty to charges in October. The couple is charged with conspiring with three businessmen to accept bribes of gold bars, cash, and a luxury car in return for the senator's help in projects pursued by those businessmen.Tonight, we are looking at some of the earmarks contained in the $467 billion minibus spending package passed by Congress. Here is senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: A million bucks for a coffee shop and greenhouse in Minnesota, $1 million for organic dairy farmers in San Francisco, and $3.5 million for a new headquarters where they build floats for Detroit's Thanksgiving Day parade.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY, (R-MO): These earmarks are, you know, it's like cocaine. I mean, this is spending crack.PERGRAM: And 6,628 earmarks set aside in all accounting for $12.7 billion of the $467 billion spending package.SEN. ROGER MARSHALL, (R-KS): I think if the senators had to go to the floor and defend some of these, if they knew they might, then I think they wouldn't even offer them.PERGRAM: But many lawmakers are proud to earmark.SEN. DICK DURBIN, (D-IL) SENATE MAJORITY WHIP: Everything from infrastructure to criminal violence abatement. All I insist on is full disclosure.PERGRAM: Earmarking is bipartisan. Republican Jack Bergman scored $481,000 for new emergency equipment in Ironwood, Michigan, $700,000 to expand the Traverse City YMCA.REP. JACK BERGMAN, (R-MI): We focused on those things that are going to make life better, not some pork barrel project.PERGRAM: But some earmarks are controversial, a million-dollar allotment for an LGBTQ center which hosts BDSM events.SEN. RAND PAUL, (R-KY): Government taxation and spending must be for the general welfare of the people. It's not for a sex club in Philadelphia.PERGRAM: Democratic sponsors withdrew the earmark after the outcry.SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN, (D-PA): That was a confusion on -- within my office. I wasn't a part of that.To me, it's about freedom and adults, and I don't know why that's really controversial.(END VIDEO TAPE)PERGRAM: Some earmarks even outlast their members. Late California Democrat Dianne Feinstein submitted her request before she died. They included a history center for Chinese rail workers and a new county fire truck. Bret?BAIER: Chad Pergram live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.Up next, the panel as the border crisis becomes a major issue in congressional threat assessments. We'll talk about that.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 5 in New York as a man is arrested for allegedly shoving his girlfriend in front of a moving subway train. The attack severed both of the girl's feet. Thirty-five-year-old Christian Valdez was arraigned at Manhattan criminal court on charges of attempted murder felony criminal assault.WSVN in Miami as a crocodile bite sends a man to a hospital. It happened during a trip to the swamp. First responders airlifted the victim to a trauma center, his condition tonight is unknown.And this is a live look at Chicago. One of the big stories there tonight from FOX 32, the Chicago Bears, the NFL team, reveals a plan for their new stadium on the lake front. A source tells the station the team is investing over $2 billion in private money into a publicly owned domed stadium and park space.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from senior. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARCO RUBIO, (R-FL): Are we aware of any of these smuggling organizations are run by or are conducted by people that have ties, for example, to ISIS or other terrorist organizations?CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: There is a particular network that has where some of the overseas facilitators of the smuggling network have ISIS ties that we're very concerned about.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: FBI Director Chris Wray up on Capitol Hill in the Senate side about threat assessments tied to the border crisis, saying human smuggling is tied to an ISIS group, a terrorist organization. If you look at the latest Gallup poll, the American public overwhelmingly now believes that illegal immigration is a critical threat to the U.S. And now we're getting specifics on that threat from intelligence leaders.Let's bring in our panel, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, Julia Manchester, national politics reporter for "The Hill," and "Washington Post" columnist Marc Thiessen.Marc, the fact that we are getting specifics and details even in open hearings about the red alert warnings of who is coming across the border and the fact that this is the same day that we hear from the president that he is likely not going to go forward with any executive actions on the border, there is a real disconnect here about shutting down the border for people getting through.MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, and it doesn't take an intelligence analyst with access to classified information to see it. Millions and millions of people crossing the border illegal, millions of got-aways, people we don't even -- those are the people we know got away. And then look at what happened in Israel. I mean, what happened in Israel was terrorists crossed what Israel thought was a secure border and massacred thousands of people in Israel. We have a wide-open border that's far less secure than the Israeli border with Gaza, and it's completely plausible the terrorists would cross our border and kill Americans.So we -- this is not just an economic issue. This is not just a fentanyl and a drug issue. This is a national security issue. And President Biden better hope nothing happens between now and Election Day because he will pay a terrible price for his mishandling of this situation.BAIER: Julia, these red alerts coming not just from Republicans but from Democrats.JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER, "THE HILL": Yes, this has been something that a lot of Democrats, particularly Democrats in swing states Democrats in districts and states along the border, they have been trying to raise the alarm to the president. And it's something that we have heard administration address, but I guess there's obviously debate as to whether they have addressed that successfully.Look, this is a huge political issue for the president, but it's not only that he is facing these warnings from his fellow Democrats and Republicans, but on the other side of this, you also have progressives who don't be want to see the head of their party go what they would call too far on the border. We saw the backlash he got for at the State of the Union saying a quote-unquote "illegal" killed Laken Riley. We saw Democrats very much, or progressives push back against that. And I think that's emblematic of really the very fine line the president is trying to walk on this issue.BAIER: Yes. But Guy, I'm telling you, the national security threat part of this, the fact that you have intelligence officials saying what they're saying, you have National Guard troops now in New York City, Chicago may want them. Is there some ack story about what they see threat-wise? We don't know. They are saying it's about crime on those places. But all of these national intelligence officials are saying something publicly about a threat.GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. It's very concerning, and Marc made the point that the Biden campaign, the Biden White House has to just cross their fingers that nothing catastrophic happens between now and November. But that is cold comfort to Laken Riley's family, for example. Things have already happened in terms of a public safety threat form this porous border.And it's interesting, Bret. I saw yesterday a little bit of Pete Buttigieg on with Shannon Bream on her show, FOX NEWS SUNDAY, and he was pushing back on the immigration issue, basically going with the party line, which is it's really the Republicans' fault because they wouldn't agree to this bill. And Buttigieg, the secretary, said, everyone knows this is a big issue. I'm paraphrasing. That's not really true, because for the last three years this administration has told us the border is crossed, the border is secure. They would not use the word "crisis." They have downplayed this every step of the way until it has become enough of a political problem that think have to least pretend to care a little bit, and they're doing a pretty lousy job even at that.BAIER: One of the threat -- interesting moments, Marc, in this hearing was about TikTok. And it's increasingly becoming a big story as far as what the administration is going to do, what both sides are going to do. Here's Senator Rubio on that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARCO RUBIO, (R-FL): If they went to him and said we want you to change your algorithm so that Americans start seeing videos that hurt this candidate or help that candidate in the upcoming election, ByteDance would have to do that under Chinese law.CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: That's my understanding.RUBIO: ByteDance can't go to Chinese court and fight the Communist Party. They would have to do it.WRAY: That's my understanding. The different kinds of influence operations you are describing are extraordinarily difficult to detect, which is part of makes the national security concerns represented by --(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, that was Senator Mark Warner. Let's see if we can play that one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARK WARNER, (D-VA): It was rare for me to say that Donald Trump was right. But Donald Trump was right years ago when he pointed out the enormous national security terms around TikTok, both in terms of obtaining data, but also, think about the percentage, I think we're up to 170 million Americans who use TikTok. Most young people actually get all over their news from TikTok.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Marc, where do you think this is going?THIESSEN: First of all, if you wants to see proof of concept, just look at the lobbying campaign that TikTok unleashed on Congress to try and get them to not pass, the House committee not to pass this bill. They put out an alert on TikTok and all of a sudden teenage girls were calling their congressmen, saying I'm going to commit suicide if you take away my TikTok, which wasn't even what they were talking about doing. They were just talking about making ByteDance sell it. And most Congressmen look at that and say, imagine if there was a vote on whether to authorize military force over Taiwan, what ByteDance would do, the kind of disinformation they can send, the way they can mobilize the American public with Chinese Communist Party disinformation.This thing is a national security threat to the United States. We would never allow, you know, if the CCP wanted to buy FOX News and ABC News and CBS News and turn it into its propaganda arm, we would never put up with it. Why would we allow an entire generation, their primary news source, to be a Chinese Communist Party affiliated entity?BAIER: This story is not going away, and we are definitely going to follow this element of it. Panel, thanks a lot.And finally tonight, a SPECIAL REPORT salute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's the most exciting time of my life, right now. And looking forward to going to France with everybody.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Harold Terens is a 100-year-old D-Day veteran who is preparing to get married. He and 96-year-old fiance will tie the knot in a town near the Normandy beach where the allies their invasion into Nazi occupied territory. The happy couple will be married on June 8th, two days after the 80th anniversary of D-Day. Congratulations.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, Special Counsel Robert Hur testifies on his report that ultimately led to no criminal charges against President Biden for storing classified documents in his garage and office. We are going to have complete coverage of that.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.