BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: It's great news. Tomorrow on "SPECIAL REPORT," as China's Navy grows, the Pentagon says the U.S. is falling behind in submarine production. What's the plan to keep pace? That's it for this "SPECIAL REPORT." Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Thanks for having us in your home. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Washington tonight. O.J.'s real legacy. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.At USC on the field, he ran like the wind, a phenomenon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Back in 1968, Simpson was the best player in all of college football. It's why he won the trophy, and why USC won one as well.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Heisman Trophy winning, Pro Football Hall of Fame running back, nine seasons with the Bills, two with the San Francisco 49ers, just a stunning legacy. Had he not been charged in the gruesome double murder of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman at what became known as the trial of the century.Now in October 1995, despite damning DNA evidence, he was ultimately acquitted. Now, I remember my days sitting back in my law office, that's how long ago it was, and everyone was glued to their TV screens, partners, associate, secretaries. Now most of us were stunned that he got off, we were shocked. But the press and the so-called civil rights activists had seized on this case to encourage racial division.Now think about it. O.J. was one of the most beloved figures in American sports. And at the time, he was part of sports lure and history. And these people tried to convince black America that the only reason he was charged was because he was black. Yes, that happened. No wonder the reaction to the not guilty verdict elicited reactions like these.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We find Orenthal James Simpson not guilty.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Inaudible). He is not guilty. I'm just so happy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And that's justice. Yes, yes. That's justice.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now some background here for those of you who weren't around at the time. Now this was a few years after the LA riots that followed the acquittal of police officers in the beating of Rodney King, after Rodney King had led police on a high-speed chase. Now they called Rodney King, a motorist and a lot of headlines, but there was a lot more to it at the time.But to some, O.J.'s not guilty verdict was kind of a moment of racial payback. Now, this was a terrible narrative to feed our young people at the time because rather than focusing on the facts of the crime, the motive, the testimony of those involved, everyone was riveted to their TV screens, the case became tangled up and a poisonous racial narrative that we've been stuck in ever since. Including in the case of Dexter Reed, who was shot and killed in an altercation with police on March 21st.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Roll the windows down.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Roll the window down, man.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Roll the window down. What are you doing? Roll that one too. Don't roll the window up. Don't roll the window up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK, OK.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do not roll the window up. Do not. Unlock the doors now, unlock the doors now. Unlock the doors now. Open the door now, open the door now, open the door now. Let me see your hands. Let me see your hands. Hands.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The media's framing of this was predictable. Now here are the headlines. 96 shots and 41 seconds killing black man during traffic stop. Seatbelt violation ends with black man dead. Now if you read these types of headlines, of course it sounds horrific, awful. Many would reasonably conclude that the police response must have somehow been racially motivated.And the coverage of course is intended to keep throwing matches on the flammable liquid. The individual shot is always portrayed as the perfect child.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Reed was 26-years-old previously a basketball standout at Westinghouse High School leading the team to a regional championship. His mother said he loved to cook and wanted to pursue a career in broadcasting.NICOLE BANKS, DEXTER REED'S MOTHER: He had just bought his new car three days before that. He was just riding around in his car. He said, Mom, (inaudible). And they killed him. They killed him.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Again, seeing these reports and a grieving mother, you can't blame people for being really upset.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We don't need our police officers to tell somebody to put their seatbelt on.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Dexter's vehicle had tinted windows, so the argument that they were looking for a seatbelt issue doesn't make sense.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They fire away 96 times in 41 seconds. They fire away 40 times on an unarmed man outside his vehicle.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But the truth, well, report show that Reed was not just a motorist dealing with the seatbelt issue. After refusing to exit the car or open his door as police repeatedly instructed him to do, initial report show that he actually shot at police first, and even hitting one of them in the arm. So, my question is, we'll see a full investigation. But what are these law enforcement officers supposed to do in this type of situation? Just allow themselves to be gunned down, risked being gunned down, just to prove they're not racist to Benjamin Crump or whichever lawyer stands to make millions in cases like this?Let's face it. Since O.J., the media and top Democrats have shown us how dedicated they are to keeping America racially divided. Always assume the worst about people, especially their motives. Why else would they admit -- omit key facts in their reporting or their discussions about these cases or ignore the full context of what happens before police use force against a suspect?Everyone remembers, I think the Michael Brown case and Ferguson in Missouri. Remember they lit that city up on fire and riots, but hands up, don't shoot. Remember that became the motto of those going after police and their response. It was poor Michael Brown, he was choir boy, he was gunned down when trying to surrender. Hands up, don't shoot.Well, it was all made up. Never happened. The police officer's life was ruined, even though he was cleared by the DOJ. Now, the last thing, any of these racial arsonists who know better, but continue to stoke the flames of racism. The last thing they want is for all the working people from all races and ethnicities to come together in one movement demand better for cities and communities and crime and the economy.By the way, that's what Trump is trying to build right now, that new multi- racial and ethnic coalition. And it looks like it's working. Look at this Journal headline today. Wow. Biden's inflation, the high prices, the border. It's also bad for the Democrats predictable racial propaganda stuff just isn't working anymore. More black men are moving away from Biden.Now, instead of changing their horrible policies, Democrats choose to seize on cases like the Reed shooting, see if they could get some juice on that. And come election time, they will promise things like racial justice or announce an equity action plan. Yes, they did that at the Labor Department. And a pathetic attempt to reassure black voters that they're on their side.But none of this, no racial equity conferences or anything of the like will stop gang violence in inner cities, or help families afford their first home, or bring down the price of gas or make public schools better. Not for African Americans, not for anyone in this country. It does nothing except poison the well of conversation and community.So, O.J. Simpson's legacy is tragic. But we now have a chance to build a better country. If we stop letting powerful people divide us by race or ethnicity or any other category, because that only leaves all of us weaker, poorer, and angrier. The time has come for a multi-racial 50 state populist movement to stand up for America and for all the working people who deserve a hell of a lot better. And that's the Angle.Joining us now, Bruce Levell, who is a senior advisor for the Trump campaign, and Xaviaer Durousseau, a PragerU personality, former BLM activist as well. Bruce, the Left is saying that these polls are wrong and that come election time, black voters will come home to the Democrat Party. Do you buy that?BRUCE LEVELL, SENIOR ADVISOR FOR TRUMP CAMPAIGN: Oh, no. Thanks for having me, Laura. Come home, come home, I mean really? No, I don't think so. And listen, all they have to do is in black America, I'm here in Atlanta. I actually had a conversation before I came on your show. I said I made a few calls just to kind of get some skinny.And look, they're looking at checkbooks, they're looking at -- during the successful Trump administration that we had lower taxes, the Trump tax cuts, the HPC funding that he had, that he put it, implemented. There's so many accomplishments in black culture that President Trump accomplished in his tenure. Black culture we remember that. Those were game winnings.And really that infamous statement that he says, what the heck do you have to lose? Look at your roads, look at your communities, look at where you're at, why do you keep voting the same way? 30, 40, 50, 60 years, give us a chance. So, this is why, Laura, you're seeing an extremely high uptake on black Americans, especially black men, that's true. are leaning towards President Trump, because they liked that winning mantra.INGRAHAM: Xaviaer, so you see this in the coverage of these cases, they're always tragic. There's always a mom or dad or brother or sister grieving on the other side. So, your heart breaks for all of those who are put -- lives are put in danger in these situations. But it's like clockwork, before people know all the facts, they say, got to be racism, got to be police use of force, got to be because the young man is African American, got to, got to be, and they know most of the time, that narrative is much more complicated. In this case of Dexter Reed is a classic example.XAVIAER DUROUSSEAU, PRAGERU PERSONALITY: 100 percent. People are going to pick and choose the details that they pay attention to, based on what's going to further their narrative. And you know, it wouldn't be an election year without the Left exploiting the death of a black person in order to further their political gain.But this is one that they should be especially ashamed of, because how can you claim to have journalistic integrity and speak on the story of Dexter Reed without mentioning that he shot at police officers 11 times before they shot back, if we should be calling for the justice of anybody, we should be calling for the justice of the police officer who was shot in the arm while trying to serve his city.But congratulations Joe Biden, you now have another Section 8 superstar that you can use to exploit his face for your campaign?INGRAHAM: Well, Bruce, it's a lot easier doing this, right? We -- and we did see it. And I know you remember, Bruce, Xaviaer is too young. But during the O.J. case, I mean, the race became an animating factor in that, and it was the beginning of kind of the celebrity trial coverage in the United States. So, there was a lot going on. But that became part of that narrative.And there was a big divide in the reaction to the jury verdict in that case, that has continued to build in each and every one of these police involved shootings, I'm not saying that all police are great. Of course, that's not the case. But in most of these cases, if the individual just really didn't refuse police instructions, they would have survived. But --LEVELL: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- that doesn't -- that gets lost in the narrative.LEVELL: Yes. I served on a police board here in Atlanta for a few years and I have a lot of cops in my family and you're absolutely right, you know, my father taught me like, hey, you get pulled over, put your hands on, yes, sir, no, sir, just be cool, calm and let him argue down at the police station, not me on the side of the road. And so yes, it's -- I do remember that very well. Because remember, Laura, here in the Atlanta, during the Rodney King, it started putting -- spotting up all across the country, as you might say.Atlanta, we almost had a situation because of that --INGRAHAM: Yes.LEVELL: -- and they tried to instigate a lot of cities because of that, but I will say this, I think we've come a long way. We have -- and remember now, most of these urban cities or large cities are black police chiefs, black fire chiefs, captains, majors, all across most of the major cities across the country. So, and that's pretty much who's in charge a lot of these particular cities and municipalitans --INGRAHAM: Are they racist too? Are they racist as well? I mean, I don't know the makeup of the police involved in this particular incident with Reed.LEVELL: Yes.INGRAHAM: But I think it was a pretty diverse group and again, I think the facts just break down Xaviaer finally with you, are young people so quick to scroll on social media that is just the headline, and they're like, OK, I've got to vote for Biden because of this.DUROUSSEAU: You know, for a while it has been that way. But that is starting to change because we are realizing that voting for Joe Biden is like voting for an abusive relationship. He tells us all the things that we want to hear, he loved us while it's convenient, and as soon as he gets our votes, he abandons us or abuses us along the way with this terrible economy. We're all waking up.INGRAHAM: Yes. But at least you'll have an equity action plan across the federal departments. That's what they announced.LEVELL: Sounds crazy.INGRAHAM: Bruce and Xaviaer, good to see you both. All right. Now, while everyday Americans are suffering, Biden wines and dines the elites. Senator JD Vance, Vivek Ramaswamy, they're here after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Bezos, will you be donating to Biden's campaign this year?JEFF BEZOS, FORMER PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMAZON: Hello.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Robert, how you feeling about the election.ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: What do you think?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: De Niro who tried to carry on as on-screen tough guy persona to politics by one saying that he wanted to punch Trump in the mouth. Nice dinner guests. Jeff Bezos, of course he had another billionaire globalist for Biden. The climate change crusaders flew into DC on their private jets to attend Biden state dinner with the Japanese Prime Minister and what was Trump up to yesterday?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Can I have 30 milkshakes and also some chicken, were going to take care of the customer, Business good? Making a lot of money? Hello, everybody. Get ready for milkshake, you've got plenty of it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't care what the media tells you, Mr. Trump, we support you.TRUMP: We love you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK. 4 PM. We've been 4 PM --TRUMP: Let me give you a hug.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Trump with the working people. Biden hobnobbing with the elites. Joining me now, Ohio Senator JD Vance. Senator, I love those split screens. It really does tell the tale. But why are so many of the big-name billionaires working so hard to support Biden?SEN. JD VANCE (R-OH): Well, with the simple reason, Laura, that their policies have benefited -- the Biden administration policies have benefited billionaires, whereas Trump's policies benefited working people. So, the contrast is really striking. If you think about what the elites in this country are asking for. They're asking for more cheap labor through unlimited immigration. They're asking for the end to any kind of tariff that would protect working class jobs and manufacturing.And of course, the Biden administration has been giving them that and the Democratic Party has been giving them that for 30 years. Contrast that to Donald Trump at Chick-fil-A yesterday, obviously, in that store, disproportionately black workforce. And if you look at the data on illegal immigration, Laura, it consistently shows that black Americans are the ones who suffer the most from unchecked migration, because they're the ones who face the most wage competition from illegal immigration. So, the contrast could not be clearer. The people's president trying to raise your wages and deliver prosperity, and Joe Biden hobnobbing with the billionaires, because those are the people who benefit from his policies.INGRAHAM: Now, there's a lot of talk about you, Senator in the vice- presidential speculation for Trump. I know he had you on his list, and if there's a list, but he said there was kind of a list and you're on it, I know you're going to be very diplomatic. But it says that your -- you're right up there, reaction tonight to this new report?VANCE: Well, Laura, I've actually never spoken to the President about VP speculation, but my simple answer is, I want to help him, however, I can. If he asked me, of course, I would think seriously about it, it would be a great honor. I also am happy to support the agenda in the United States Senate. And regardless, Laura, remember my job is to serve the people of Ohio, whether it's supporting Trump's agenda in the Senate, or serving in some other role, we have got to bring good manufacturing jobs, good prosperity to the people of Ohio, in the American heartland.For 40 years, we had a bipartisan consensus to ship jobs overseas to bring unchecked migration. Trump stopped that and the real question for the Republican Party is whether we follow that lead and double down on that winning agenda --INGRAHAM: Yes.VANCE: -- or do we try to go back to the old ways and unfortunately, Laura, as you know, as well as I do, there is a critical component of the old guard of the Republican party that wants to go back to the old ways, more immigration, more war, less good wages for American workers. Thank God, Trump is there to push back against it.INGRAHAM: Yes, well, Ukraine funding. And there's news tonight that we have more trouble on the border, Senator. NBC News reporting that an illegal immigrant on the terror watchlist spent nearly a year inside the United States after being apprehended and released by border patrol agents last year. He was arrested last month and released again by an immigration judge who was not told, he was a national security threat. Very quickly, Senator, this could end tragically for the United States.VANCE: Oh, I think it will. And tragically, I hate to say it, Laura, there's going to be a major terrorist attack because of Joe Biden's open border, hope to God that we're able to prevent it. But we are in a very, very vulnerable position because of this open border.Laura, 15 miles from where I grew up in southern Ohio, there was an illegal immigrant arrested for murder who had been deported --INGRAHAM: Oh, my God.VANCE: -- seven times. You can't make this stuff up.INGRAHAM: No. All right, Senator --VANCE: We've got a close down that border.INGRAHAM: Senator, thank you. Great to see you tonight. Now a lot of you are wondering how Democrats keep winning, right, when their policies are just awful. And part of it is because they have a better ground game. A new piece by RealClearInvestigations dug into progressive get out the vote nonprofit groups. That bill themselves, of course, is non-partisan. They call it electioneering super weapons. Well, it's as simple as this.The IRS allows tax exempt groups to help with things like voter registration, get out the vote drives, as long as they don't refer to a specific candidate. But as RealClear explains, many of the groups are democracy focused entities with ties to the Democratic Party. The entities have become magnets for funds not only from wealthy donors, who can contribute without traditional campaign finance limits and get a tax break to boot, but also abundantly endowed private foundations that are prohibited from engaging in partisan activities.Restoration of America, which RealClear described as an election integrity focus advocacy group says these groups pull in $500 million annually. Joining me now, Vivek Ramaswamy, former 2024 presidential candidate. Vivek, the big question here is why aren't there more Republican counterparts to these organizations to get the vote out for Republican voters?VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You hit the nail on the head, Laura, is that you know what, if these are shady activities, and they're illegal, go after them in the courts, if they're not illegal, then compete on the same turf and win. I'm sick and tired of throwing our hands up in the air, competing about the other side, complaining about the other side's tactics, when we should be competing to win instead. And the Left has mastered this.Keep in mind, the Left used to be against the use of Super PACs, because Republicans were out raising the Left using Super PACs. Well, the Left learned their game, if the Supreme Court says those stand, now the Left beats us on that game as well. So, at some point, we've got to show up, we've got to compete and play to win. And if you don't like the rules, change the rules after we get in there. That's what I want to see.INGRAHAM: There was a post on AIX that you put out, I think it was today about what needs to be done simple election integrity, true integrity moves that need to be make, and they're very, in my view, uncontroversial. We'll put it up on the screen. One of them, of course, is in-person voting.RAMASWAMY: Yes.INGRAHAM: You know, make Election Day a national holiday --RAMASWAMY: It's very simple.INGRAHAM: Single day voting, paper ballots, as I said, voter ID. I mean, these are just simple ideas, and you listed them one-by-one. Why is this even a controversy, so many other countries already do this?RAMASWAMY: You know, it's not even other countries that do this. I've traveled to Puerto Rico, for example, Laura. Puerto Rico does exactly what I've proposed here. Single day voting on Election Day, make it a holiday with paper ballots, and government issued ID to match the voter file. And I would go one step further to make English the sole language that appears on a ballot that will secure results in our elections.And speaking as a conservative, we'll do our part. If we get to that point in our country, we are done complaining about stolen elections. We're done complaining about election integrity. That's how we unite this country. Take one day a year and say, whether you're black or white or Democrat or Republican, we think about what it means to be a citizen of this country. There's one language that appears on that ballot --INGRAHAM: You bet.RAMASWAMY: -- we're a nation of ideals, we ought to be able to communicate those ideals. So, I think this can unite the country, it's common sense and anybody who else is against it reveals the agenda --INGRAHAM: Yes.RAMASWAMY: -- you really have in mind which I think is to take the rug out from under us.INGRAHAM: Paper ballots and you have to vote in-person unless you are member of the military are really good reason. Vivek, I love the list today. Thanks so much. All right, we did some digging on Biden's new State Department diversity hire. Oh, this is good tape. You don't want to miss it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: All right, we have major foreign policy crises in the Middle East, Ukraine, Taiwan is really on edge over China, and reports that terror organizations may be sneaking agents across our open border. And what's the State Department up to? Hiring its new Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, that's what. And she's named Zakiya Carr-Johnson. So, what's her background?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I learned to discover my own voice and to demand intersectionality in action in all spaces. I learned about politics and policy, but I also learned to appreciate sisterhood and solidarity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And in a now-deleted article, Ms. Carr-Johnson warned that the rules created in our organizations and baked into their very foundations, are often riddled with racism, patriarchy and exclusion. These are chinks in the armor of traditional leadership that refuse to reconcile with a colonizing past.And then participating in a feminist webinar, don't you hate those back in 2020? She focused on what she claims is the rank unfairness of America's systems. Of course, that means anything that requires objective merit. But note how she throws around the isms as she trashes men.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Because we live and work within systems, and those systems, as I mentioned before, are so deeply rooted in patriarchy, in colonialism, in racism, in otherism. The culture of misogyny has allowed men to act without consequence. And it becomes part of what we believe is normal.In order to make any change, we've literally got to be about the work of dismantling that traditional structure at every juncture.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: We literally have to be dismantling that. And yes, your tax dollars are paying her salary. Joining me now is Ned Ryun, founder and CEO of American Majority. And William B. Allen, professor emeritus at Michigan State.Ned, let's start with you. This is just typical, is it not, of these types of diversity officers who are paid hefty sums to spout the same old, same old. And by the way, I've always thought you were guilty, Ned, of otherism. Always.NED RYUN, AMERICAN MAJORITY FOUNDER AND CEO: I guess guilty as charged, Laura.INGRAHAM: Yeah.RYUN: But, you know, Ms. Johnson said we cannot achieve equity until we actually do it with systemic racism, patriarchy and heterosexism. And it's easy to dismiss that as you're being lectured by a low IQ person. But in reality, what you're being lectured by is a woman using neo-Marxist theory to advocate for a socialist redistribution system.And I think this is just a continuing pattern for the Biden administration, who, from day one, has been intent to systematically dismantle this country and this government as we know it. And when they are intentionally placing DEI adherence in relatively high places like the State Department across our government, it's kind of shocking to me, Laura.In some ways, I look at this and go, why do we even fight the Cold War when our president is intentionally placing neo-Marxists into our government? And then even more so, Laura, these DEI adherents and officers are demanding loyalty to this ideology if they want to get promoted and save the State Department.INGRAHAM: Let's get to Professor Allen on this. Bill, you and I, ages ago, were talking about these issues, and it was usually directed at affirmative action and colleges and universities. But now this is our government and they're supposed to be selling America abroad at the State Department. So, what's America? Awful, rotten, racist, misogynist, patriarchal, colonialist, and sorry, other-ist. Bill, take it away.WILLIAM B. ALLEN, MICHIGAN STATE PROFESSOR EMERITUS: You've tagged it, Laura. It is true. We haven't probably spoken since my days on the Civil Rights Commission. Ironically enough, though, that intersects, to speak of unisonality, with the present discussion. Because what we see here is carrying to the most extreme of lengths some of the worst rhetoric that was centered on the whole affirmative action regime four, five, six decades ago. But how it has transformed itself.And I would like to emphasize that it is not so much the question of whether Carr Johnson is qualified for the appointment. I think she's obviously qualified, well-trained, well-experienced to do exactly what she was hired to do.And so, the only real question from my perspective is why is the State Department doing this? Not whether why is Carr Johnson doing it. She's doing what the State Department wishes to have done. And our concern, as Americans, ought to be why is our State Department undertaking to sow seeds of division at home and disrespect abroad for the United States?Are they playing into the hands of a divide-and-conquer policy abroad? Are they so far gone that they're willing to plant foreign flags in the heart of the United States government? That, to me, is the real question. Not the DEI question, but the purpose and mission of the government of the United States today.INGRAHAM: Yeah. I mean, this is why we need Bill on. I mean, wisdom and brilliance. All right, the spokesman for the State Department, Ned, not that you're not both, says that this is going to help us counter an argument to what Bill just said. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: He believes that when our workforce looks like America, and reflects the full diversity of America, our workforce is stronger and our ability to protect America's national security is improved and enhanced.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Ned, why do you want to protect -- he's talking about Blinken there. Why do you want to protect an awful, rotten, racist, misogynist country? I mean, why do you want to project our values abroad if that's what they think about us?RYUN: This is the amazing part to reiterate what was just said. You know, it used to be if you had a position at the State Department, the State Department, you were out there to actually advocate what America stood for. So, how can you have people who hate this country actually at the State Department? Is that what you're actually broadcasting to the world?But the other thing that strikes me, Laura, by them doing this in a very systematic and intentional way, it really does strike me that they don't view the enemy as necessarily abroad anymore. That I'm starting --INGRAHAM: Yeah, you're the enemy.RYUN: We're the enemy now.INGRAHAM: Professor, really quickly, do you agree with that? That the real threat to America are the MAGA folks and the working class who are sick of this nonsense and want real change? Are they the enemy to the State Department?ALLEN: I agree and beyond, because I want to remind you of something really important. If the State Department represents the United States abroad, they can't do so without it being heard at home. So, they are representing it at home. And that is what they're saying to all Americans, not just MAGA Americans. They are depreciating the significance of ordinary Americans. They are corroding the bonds of citizenship. They are destroying American national character.And you have to ask, is this a mission that they have willingly embraced as it appears to be?INGRAHAM: Ned and Professor Allen, thank you both. All right. Your daughter's first college roommate, maybe a biological male? Yeah, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now picture this, your 18-year-old daughter gets into her dream school. She's going to live on campus and get the full college experience. I'm dealing with that now. And you hope she finds the best friend in her roommate, someone who could be like a sister, lifelong friend. Except when you finally get your dorm assignments, you find out that roommate, Mary, went by Billy just a year ago. Yeah, it's disturbing, but it could be coming reality soon.According to the school's newspaper, Louisiana State University, LSU student government, is now urging the college to let transgender-students room with their identified gender. The resolution passed unanimously. That's what they claim.Joining me now is Mason Batts, LSU student and campus reform correspondent. Now, Mason, it wasn't unanimous, I understand, but you say that this could be dangerous for freshmen. Why?MASON BATTS, CAMPUS REFORM CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Laura, particularly at LSU where all freshmen are required to live on campus, and these students could be unknowingly paired with a biological male, if they're a female, and have to shower next to them, sleep next to them, eat next to them, and change clothes next to them. And I just don't think that's right.INGRAHAM: Well, how did this begin? Why did this become a thing that the student government was pushing for?BATTS: Well, what you have at LSU is you have a very conservative student body. However, you have a very liberal faculty and a very liberal board of directors who push this out onto a small group of kids, which call themselves the student government, and then they keep conservatives out of student government by kicking them out and other tactics.INGRAHAM: Don't you get to run for student government?BATTS: You do get to run for student government, Laura. However, if the LSU administration chooses to put penalties on you for taking your -- acting on your own free speech, or, you know, protesting against something the university doesn't like, you can no longer run for student government, and that's what they're doing.INGRAHAM: Now, so you're saying, not to get into the weeds here, but you're saying that outside forces influenced the student government, and the student government adopted this, pushed this proposal. This wasn't organically an idea within the student government, which is comprised of students, obviously. So, that's what you're saying?BATTS: Absolutely, Laura. You have students who have been indoctrinated by certain faculty at LSU, and they now believe that it is the right thing to do to stick a 17-year-old girl into a room that could possibly have a 6'3", 250-pound, full-grown man in it, and they're forced to live with them. No, Laura, I just don't think that's right, and I don't think a normal person would come to believe that on their own.INGRAHAM: Would you think that this is going to actually succeed as an initiative at LSU?BATTS: Thank goodness, no, I don't think it will, Laura. I think we do have some faculty that will say this is a bad idea. And we have a governor, Jeff Landry, he's a fighter, and he would fight this all the way. He would never let this happen, so thank God we actually have real fighters.INGRAHAM: Well, Mason, thank you for the update on that. And up next, Trump wants a presidential debate for this reason, and raised rules for air travel are a necessity. A special Thursday Follies with Raymond, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's Thursday, and that means it's time for a special Thursday Follies. That would turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, Trump is demanding presidential debates, but Biden's not so sure.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's time for crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of the United States, and I to debate. We owe it to all Americans, anytime, anywhere, anyplace.UNKNOWN: Mr. President, Donald Trump said he's ready to debate you right now. Do you accept?UNKNOWN: Will you debate him?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: If I were him, I'd want to debate me, too.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Sure, Biden can't put a sentence together. I mean, but why would he say that out loud, Laura? It's so silly for him to say, yeah, I'd want to debate me too. But look, so far, the Presidential Debate Commission has only scheduled three debates. The Trump team is asking for earlier debates because of the early voting.The first debate here is only scheduled in September. They say, wait a minute, by that point, people have already voted. We need to get these debates earlier and more of them. We'll see.INGRAHAM: OK. First of all, I don't see Biden ever getting on stage with Trump. You?ARROYO: No.INGRAHAM: It's going to be some reason he's going to have like a sprained ankle or -- I mean, who knows what's going to happen? There's something else, you know.ARROYO: But what we need -- we really do need to see all of these candidates. And given their ages, Laura, which you mentioned, the front runners, as well as the VP debates, become really important. I mean, by the way, this was Kamala Harris today channeling her inner Biden. He recently claimed to have been raised by the Greek community and in the black church. Well, now, Kamala Harris is trying to be Japanese for the Japanese P.M.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: As a proud daughter of California, I grew up surrounded by Japanese-American culture and history. And over the years, celebrating that history, be it in San Francisco's Japan-town, in the Peace Plaza or in the Presidio.The prime minister made reference in his presentation to the joint session of the Flintstones. Many of us will remember the cartoon. I thought it was particularly poignant when he said, but he's not sure how to translate Yabba Dabba Doo.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, that was embarrassing.ARROYO: Laura, if this -- if this is the future of diplomacy, we need to double up the Yabba Dabba defense budget. I mean, this is a disaster.INGRAHAM: No, no. I mean, I thought she was going to talk about eating sushi or, you know, all of it. I mean, this is --ARROYO: Don't encourage her. Don't encourage. And look, on a podcast earlier this week, Laura, Kamala was totally indecipherable. That's why we need to hear a debate to see what she's actually capable of. Her words of the day during this podcast were apparently right and strength.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRIS: It's important to see that, you know, the nature of democracy, there's a duality to it. On the one hand, there's incredible strength, right, that when a democracy is intact, what it does for its people. In terms of the strength, it gives its people and protects in terms of individual freedoms and rights, right? And liberties. There's an incredible strength in that.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Strength, Laura, right? Right?INGRAHAM: Well, once she has those words, they once -- once, Raymond, she has a word, it's like a musical beat. It's got to keep coming back and back and back. And, you know, she also loves space. She loves space travel as well. She likes EVs as well.And well, you know, EVs, they get good gas mileage, don't they? And they really are good on gas. And they -- and you plug them in because they're EVs. This is -- you know what it reminds me of, Raymond? When we were kids and we had to write essays --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Yeah, we had to write essays of a certain length, right? And let's say it was two pages. You wrote two paragraphs like, what am I going to write now? And then you just figured out ways to rewrite the first two paragraphs.ARROYO: Word count. Hit the word count at all costs. That's Kamala Harris. Just beat the clock.INGRAHAM: All right, Raymond, I know you've been traveling a lot lately. And so, I guess it's time for Ray's rules for travel.ARROYO: You know, Laura, rule number one, air travel is not your opportunity to get intimate, OK? Economy plus does not mean economy plus one. One annoyed flyer recently snapped these photos of a shoeless couple. Lean into your TV and look at this.They were having what I can only describe as a layover in aisle 10. I think you can call this getting down to business class. That's what this is.I mean, they're literally wrapped around each other. This is -- this is not -- first of all, where is the flight attendant to break this up? And secondly --INGRAHAM: All right.ARROYO: -- we didn't pay to watch you dry hump your seatmate in the aisle.INGRAHAM: Oh.ARROYO: This is gross.INGRAHAM: Raymond, first of all, never take your shoes off on a plane. This is not --ARROYO: I know you were going to say that.INGRAHAM: It's so gross. Don't touch the armrest. Oh, my God. This is why I wipe down everything like 10 times.ARROYO: You have given away my second rule for travel today, which is please leave your shoes on in the plane, OK? And your stuffed comfort animal in front of you does not, in any way, relieve you of observing that rule.I saw this picture and thought the woman's got her feet up. You really can't see it because they blurred out her face. But her foot is literally crossed over her leg.INGRAHAM: Is it Yoda?INGRAHAM: -- and the foot is out. Playing -- playing Yoda, Raymond.ARROYO: Shoes on. Or leave your slippers on, as the case may be now.INGRAHAM: You took that picture. I know you did. So, when you're -- the worst is when you're sitting back, right, and you put your arm on the armrest and you're maybe, you know, when the plane engine starts to hum, you know, you can get a little tired, a little sleepy. All of a sudden you feel toes on your elbow because someone has put their feet up. OK. And if it's a little baby, that's fine. Or a little kid even.ARROYO: Exactly.INGRAHAM: We don't want to see some hairy men's toes on our armrest.ARROYO: This has turned into a psych ward with wings. I mean, it is a disaster air travel these days. I'm going to leave it there. Happy flying.INGRAHAM: We're leaving people with that image of hairy toes coming out on your armrest, while you try to get a little nap on the plane.All right. They're counting me down. Jesse is next. See you on Instagram.