BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Tomorrow on Special Report, President Biden, former President Trump head to New York for very different reasons, we'll bring that to you. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle. Thank you for joining us. Tonight, the bodies of two men have been recovered by divers below the collapse Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore.They were found inside a red pickup truck about 25 feet underwater, also recovered the cargo ship's black box and that may contain key details about how that cargo ship crashed into the bridge early yesterday morning.We're expecting a news conference by the NTSB at the bottom of the hour with all the latest details. But first, the conformity cult. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now liberals claim to cherish diversity, they pretend to hold it sacrosanct. They worship at its altar.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: News from diversity is so important.ARI MELBER, MSNBC HOST: Our leaders and the way they lead a newsroom that backs facts, reporting, and diversity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Give me time and on camera. So predictable racial, ethnic, gender diversity is what they're all talking about. But really, that's a lie as well. What they're really protecting is groupthink. Because let's face it, if you're black and conservatives like Justice Thomas or someone like Ben Carson, then they don't think you count. You're a traitor, in fact, to your race,Ditto, if you're Hispanic and support Trump. But what about ideological diversity? Doesn't it help us sharpen our own thinking? Isn't debate good? Almost a decade ago, a Morning Joe host saw the dangers of a media cocoon forming.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIE GEIST, MSNBC CO-HOST: When we talk about diversity, and I think that's really important in news divisions. We should also talk about cultural and ideological diversity; we should be out finding people who disagree with the overwhelming majority of opinions in newsrooms.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, he's right, but then toss Willie out in his ear if he repeated those lines now. Now, a lot has changed in almost a decade. The network where I actually started my TV career wouldn't ever hire anyone like me now. Oh, you've ever supported Trump, you support him now, forget about it. Now somehow, Ronna McDaniel slipped through at NBC until the inmates took over the asylum.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think our bosses owe you an apology for putting you in this situation.JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Our democracy is in danger, because of the lies that people like Ronna McDaniel have pushed on this country.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: I find the decision to put her on the payroll inexplicable. And I hope they will reverse their decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And the peacocks in the suits did just that. They canned McDaniel. It's the shortest tenure in TV history, I think. But why? Well, because she supports Donald Trump. Period. And because she didn't denounce him after the election or after January 6th. Believe no other explanation they provide about why they got rid of her. She's not a random pundit. This is a former chairwoman of the RNC.Now, believe it or not, this is great news. Not for Ronna, of course, but certainly for the election. The truth is, these people have so little faith in Biden's record, or the power of their own ideas that their only response is to silence and defame. They certainly can't risk anyone watching NBC and being persuaded by Ronna or anyone like her.Forget the fact that at least half of the voting public potential viewers as well agree with her. Now, this isn't the news business. This is simply an extension of the DNC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REID: I felt very strongly about it. I know you felt very strongly about it. I think everyone from 4 o'clock on from Nicolle all the way to midnight, we all felt very strongly and said so on our respective shows yesterday.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: None of these people care about true diversity. What they really celebrate is conformity across the board. There's no room for dissent. Period.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MADDOW: To see, the -- essentially unanimous feeling among all the journalists in this building and all the senior staff and all the producers and everybody in this building about this was one thing, but then to see the executives and the leadership hear that and respond to it and be willing to change course based on it, based on their respect for us and hearing what we argued. I have deep respect for that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Are they really writing their own obituary though as to what they claim to be again, a news organization. Who knows, but why would anyone, anyone outside of the Far-Left Democrat bubble ever watch that network? Why would you want anyone on that network to moderate a debate, not with Trump anywhere near the nomination. And CNN empathized with NBC execs and issued a warning.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OLIVER DARCY, CNN SENIOR MEDIA REPORTER: So, NBC hoping to sweep this under the rug and move on. The problem for them is they're now facing a fresh crisis, where they're being criticized by the Right. So, you saw Donald Trump come out and basically characterize them as intolerant, woke Leftist. You're seeing that among the Fox News crowd. And so now, NBC News is going to have to deal with attacks from the Right as it tries to emerge from this crisis.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I like him in black, suits him. I mean, of course, Trump is correct. The only Republicans that these people will associate themselves with are former Republicans, Trump haters, people like Nicolle Wallace, Michael Steele, or little-known figures hired by the Trump White House, who then transformed themselves into Never Trump crusaders. Now, these people aren't conservatives. They're simply opportunists. Behold the genius.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The problem with Ronna McDaniel is, her career was built around supporting Trump, she did engage in some incredibly anti- democratic and unAmerican, I would argue, behavior, and now you don't know who she's beholden to.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Did she ever, I don't know, read that book. I guess maybe she got that from Never Trump for Dummies. Look, Democrats and the corporate media have gotten themselves into a huge mess here. They're in their bunkers, they're refusing to change their minds on issues or even they don't even want to be in the same room with someone with whom they have disagreements.Now, what's funny about this is they accused Trump of this very thing. It's the usual projection that they engage in. They said that he demanded complete loyalty. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. The ugly truth is, the price one has to pay to be in their club, the media or national politics on the Left is total and complete loyalty.Instead of treating RFK Jr. with respect, maybe trying to understand his following, why he has some popularity. They set up a special war room to attack him. Let the freak out begin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Third parties, they like cockroaches in the kitchen. OK. It's not what they carry off that upsets you. It's what they fall into and follow up. OK. Bobby Kennedy could fall into every swing state and follow it up for Joe Biden.PSAKI: This is the, one of the biggest threats to Joe Biden being reelected.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I do worry that Bobby just taking some percentage of those from Biden could shift the election and lead to Trump selection.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Democrats have given up on trying to persuade voters through debate and policy success. That was the old way of politics. Now it's just a constant campaign of control, propaganda, and suppression. Biden's not leading a political movement, no way. It's just a cult of conformity. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Florida Congressman Byron Donalds, member of the House Oversight Committee. Congressman, now you've done -- you've done a lot of interviews on other networks. But this really did take the cake and I covered it, I waited for a few days to cover this, because I think it really does connect with what they're doing with RFK Jr., they're both evidence of this bunker mentality on the Left, doesn't really scream confidence, does it?REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): No, it doesn't. And I'll tell you having done some of those shows on those other networks, you've got to come in with your hard hat and be ready to battle with those guys. Because the second you say something that they don't like, they try to cut you off, they dissemble, they try to change the topic, or they keep asking the same question over and over until you give them the response that they're looking for.By the way, I hope that Ronna McDaniel got her money because contracts will maybe if they signed it in New York, but contracts are you know supposed to be fully executed. So, if they cut her out, hopefully she got her money.But that being said, they demand conformity. Full stop. And if you have a difference of opinion, they do not want to hear it, most of the time they don't even want you on.INGRAHAM: Well, I used to be hoping change, right? The Democrats had for a while. Byron, a quite a hopeful message. You might not agree, and I certainly didn't agree with their policy ideas. But it was all about making the country better. And now it's -- it's not hope and change, its rage and control. They are so angry, they claim that conservatives are angry, they're the angriest people out there and they've been in power for three and a half years, they're still angry.DONALDS: It's not like talking to conservative voters, we get mad about politics sometime. But then we go back to life and move on. The people who have basically cut off family members, cut off friends, because of politics, are from the Left, there are people who are so into -- so steeped into that ideology. And frankly, that rage, like you said, they can't even hang out with somebody who has a moderate view on politics or a conservative view on politics.As far as they're concerned, if you don't see it their way, you might as well never talk to me again. And don't believe me, talk to people through this country who have lost family members over politics. It's not conservatives who say I can't even spend time with you, have a drink with you, go to a game, it's them.INGRAHAM: But what do you think this is all about? I mean, rather than playing these Biden soundbites, which will just turn the audience off. It's very curious, because when I started my radio show, this was right before 9/11, maybe four months before 9/11. I think my first guest was Gavin Newsom. I had John Kerry on regularly. I had all sorts of liberals on. I know Joe Lieberman just passed away. He was a semi regular on the show, but I had lots of liberals on the show. It was a good conversation. Well, what's happened?DONALDS: I think what's happened is their entire agenda is based in its fate -- its fatalistic notion that if they don't get their way, everything is coming to an end. Look at climate change. If they don't get their way, the planet is going to die, and we're all going to die with it. Look at economics, if they don't get their way, everybody is going to be poor. Everybody is going to be destitute, except for a couple rich fat cats.But when you look at the reality of their policies take their economic policies, who's making the money, elitist on the coasts, who are suffering middle Americans all through our country. They have a very fatalistic view of America, of free markets, of conservatism. And if they don't get their way everything comes to an end. I think there's why there's that anger that rage and why they can't tolerate any opposition.INGRAHAM: I've never seen anything like it. The blood vessels on the foreheads of some of the people on the other cable networks. I want to call medics every time I see them starting to just explode, it's -- I'm actually concerned about their health. Congressman, wonderful to see you. Thanks so much.All right. Officials set to hold a news conference after recovering the black box from that cargo ship that took down the bridge in Baltimore. Plus, a furious Karine Jean-Pierre, what did she do when a radio interview got a little tough? We'll tell you. The radio host is here exclusively to let us know what happened next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Remember when they promised us transparency over the White House and accessibility? That was a big one. Things were going to go back to normal. The press would be treated with respect and legitimate questions answered. Public has a right to know after all wouldn't be dismissed.Well, when the White House Press Secretary appeared on a radio show to sell the President's deeply unpopular agenda. She must have expected, I don't know, a standing ovation, flowers, a fruit basket. But when things got a little tough, she forgot the old adage that when you can't -- you can't win the game, if you walk off the field.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK GARRISON, NORTH CAROLINA RADIO HOST: I told a number of people that I was talking to you today, they all said, would you please just ask her? Does the President have dementia?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Mark, I can't even believe you're asking me this question. It is incredibly insulting. And so, we can move on to the next question.GARRISON: Gas prices and grocery prices then, how does Mr. Biden win votes when people don't have as much disposable income?JEAN-PIERRE: Look, the President understands. He grew up in a middle-class family, working class family in Scranton, Pennsylvania, he gets it. Those costs have gone down because of what this President has been able to do. And with that, thank you so much, Mark. Have an amazing, amazing day.GARRISON: And she hung up.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, I remember some of those. I remember some of those days in radio. Joining me now exclusively is the man you just heard. Mark Garrison, host of WBT News Talk Radio, in Charlotte, North Carolina. All right, Mark, what happened here? I mean, you had the nerve to ask the question that millions and millions of Americans would like answered forthrightly.GARRISON: Well, yes, they -- Karine had reached out to us and asked us if we would do an interview because Biden was coming to North Carolina. So, we said sure. And I knew as you know, doing interviews through the years, you're going to get a lot of talking points. So, I thought if I could just ask a couple of questions, maybe we'd make a little news, maybe get a soundbite out of her.So, I just decided to ask her about all the concern -- here in North Carolina, even 45 percent of Democrats are concerned about Biden's mental state, so I thought OK, I brought that up to her, she somewhat dismissed that and then I just said OK, well does he have dementia and I was surprised that she was so offended.INGRAHAM: Well, why didn't she just answer the question? I mean, presumably, they have the best doctor. And I mean, just answer the question. No, he doesn't have dementia. What's the next question? I don't get that. Why is that a hard question?GARRISON: Well, that's what everybody that has contacted me said, why didn't she say yes or no, or go into some sort of defense of her boss and his mental faculties. But in fact, what she did, Laura, was take us down a bumpy dirt road, because she went on to say, well, every year, the White House physician examines the President and puts out a detailed report.Well, I went back and looked at all of those detailed reports. It talks about his heartburn, it talks about his limp, it talks about his heart, it talks about his stomach, but there's nothing in those reports about his mental capacity.INGRAHAM: Mental acuity, yes.GARRISON: Yes.INGRAHAM: All right, Mark, the White House released a statement, they said that the Press Secretary had multiple back-to-back interviews with radio stations who were each offered seven minutes. Once that time was up, she called into the next one. They alleged that your station chose not to air the full interview and instead artificially attached a sound effect that our phones do not make when the calls end. Did you add a hang up sound effect?GARRISON: No. And to, quote, Karine, I'm offended that she would suggest that. We don't add sound effects to news stories. When she hit the button to disconnect, we got a dial tone. We didn't add any drama to it. And as far as the --INGRAHAM: (Inaudible) the whole interview though.GARRISON: We did.INGRAHAM: Did you edit the interview?GARRISON: We aired the unedited video on one of our talk shows and then we took some soundbites in our newscasts.INGRAHAM: So, the entire interview was available. So, they're -- I see what they're saying, but their claims are spurious because you did put the entire -- all of the interview, the entire all of the content online people could see it. But for your newscast (inaudible) --GARRISON: Not only online but -- online and on the air. Yes, that's exactly right. It was very clear when she hung up that she was not happy.INGRAHAM: I just love, have an amazing day. The saccharin with sweetness. But yes -- but Mark, I remember these days. I miss these days. Those were - - that was a really fun moments actually. And Mark, I might say, you have a wonderful voice for radio. I have such respect for radio hosts across this country. You do a fantastic job. And thank you so much for joining us.GARRISON: Oh, I'm glad to. Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right, coming up, we're awaiting a news conference from the NTSB, and we're going to get the latest on of course that horrific bridge collapse after being hit by a barge in the middle of the night, last night, and U.S. businessmen are running to visit Communist China. Another story, we're going to hit, but why this time? I'm going to explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Big time American CEOs from companies like FedEx, Qualcomm, led by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, of course, went over to Beijing to kiss the ring today. Wait, whose ring, their President's ring.Joining me now, Gordon Chang, Senior Fellow at the Gatestone Institute, author of "China's Going to War"; and Elbridge Colby, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Trump.Elbridge, now this is all happening as the DOJ is accusing Chinese state linked hackers of waging a cyber espionage attack against the U.S. officials and businesses. But I guess I don't know what's a little hacking among friends.ELBRIDGE COLBY, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: Right, Laura. Well, great to be with you. And I mean, the striking thing about all this is that actually Beijing and Xi Jinping are not changing anything they're doing. They're continuing the cyber espionage, you pointed to. Their continuing the extraordinary military buildup, there's just a mockup of Taiwan's presidential palace that came up on Twitter. They're water cannoning the Filipinos on the South China Sea.And more to the point, I mean, the Journal was reporting today that actually the message from China is yes, businesses can come back, but on China's terms and they're shifting more to what they call a delete America approach. So, you've got Tim Cook of Apple saying everything's fine and dandy, but the Chinese aren't giving that impression.INGRAHAM: Well, and Gordon, they're not the only ones heading overseas, Janet Yellen, she's ramping up for a trip to what almost seems like the Biden administration, the second home. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JANET YELLEN, TREASURY SECRETARY: Our desire is not to shut down our economic relations with China. Many American firms operate in China and gain from the ability to sell to China's large market. We want to stabilize that relationship and not shut it down.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Okay, Gordon, your reaction to that tonight.GORDON CHANG, SENIOR FELLOW, GATESTONE INSTITUTE: Well, what is Janet Yellen going to say now that she said that she didn't say about three four months ago when she went to Beijing? And I think the problem here is that we want to manage the relationship as the Biden administration says, but the Chinese don't want to be managed. As a matter of fact, they take the Biden administration's efforts as sort of a sense of that we'd feel inferior to the Chinese, so therefore we got to send our officials to the grand Chinese capital.And that's exactly what these businessmen, and by the way, they were all men today when they went to see Xi Jinping, they were participating in this Chinese communist spectacle that was sort of reminiscent of what foreigners did in the Imperial Era, where they did kiss the ring, where they did bow, where they showed their loyalty to the Chinese rulers. This is just a hideous spectacle.INGRAHAM: Elbridge, there was a big piece or two in "The Wall Street Journal" about how Hong Kong is getting crushed by China. And remember just a short time ago, we were seeing all these hopeful pieces that, oh, Hong Kong could exist, not quite as it was before, but it wouldn't be kind of a heavy repression at the hands of the CCP. Well, that's out the window.COLBY: Absolutely. I mean, I spent some time in Hong Kong when I was younger and it was a city of incredible vibrancy and there was hope. But I think, you know, the experiment has been run, the one country, two systems that the Chinese pledged and that clearly people on Taiwan are looking at and the life has gone out of Hong Kong. If you talk to people who were there or certainly who've left, it's not the same place.It's not that innovative, independent place. It is very sad. And I think, you know, look, we can talk about communism and Xi Jinping. But if you're someone living in China, if you're somebody who's an independent businessman and wanted to have their own life, that has really been kind of suffocated and Hong Kong is a really tragic object lesson and it appears to be getting worse actually.INGRAHAM: Well, but I hope all these CEOs had fun over there because, you know, that's all that matters. It's just money and enjoying their time in Beijing. Gordon and Elbridge, thank you.Oh, turns out legals aren't happy with how Texas is policing its border. How dare Texas? Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick is here next to respond to all their concerns.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: All right, we knew it would happen. The same media that condemned anyone within 100 yards of the U.S. Capitol on January 6th is now finding reasons to empathize with phony asylum seeker seeking to crash our fortified border areas. Now, recall that last week scores of migrants rushed the border in Texas, injured National Guardsmen, even trampling one of them. Razor wire was cut by some of them and others shouted their demands to be let through the barrier.So, forget the Americans injured, the Los Angeles Times focused on the poor illegals describing the border area as a militarized zone fortified by rifle-toting soldiers, a fleet of Humvees, and a forest of razor wire. Oh bad writing."The Times" interviewed the illegals trying to bust in. They said all we want to do is give ourselves up but the army won't let us, said one. It looks like a prison, said the other. And then one woman whose shirt was torn, that happens when you try to get through razor wire, she complained, "I never imagined that this place would be so horrible."Joining me now is Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick. Dan, these phony asylum seekers are now grousing about the conditions that you and your state are forcing upon them. Your response tonight.DAN PATRICK (R), LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR OF TEXAS: Well, we don't really give a fiddler's dam about it, quite frankly, Laura. We're going to protect our citizens. We're going to protect our border. We're going to protect the lives of men and women in the state and protect young people from getting fentanyl. I don't care what they think.And they think it's horrible. They left horrible. Look, this is the United States of America, the greatest country on the planet, and Texas is the greatest state in this country. And we'll be darned if we're going to let them come in there and tell us what they're going to do. They got over that area. We've sealed it off now. It's sealed.You know, there are a lot of things we don't want, Laura. We don't want Biden's open borders. We don't want terrorists crossing the border. We don't want the criminals crossing the border. We don't want the drugs. We don't want his E.V.s for every Texan. We don't want his high inflation and high prices. We don't want his low culture.And that great movie, "Hell or High Water", there's a scene with the waitress where she says, what don't you want? America doesn't want Joe Biden and neither does Texas, any of his policies. And we don't care what these people think.INGRAHAM: Well, I mean, "The L.A. Times is just disgraceful. I mean, you can't really call it a newspaper any longer. It's teetering on the edge always of going out of business or being sold and resold. But Dan, it turns out now that the Biden administration is busy not, of course, helping you.They hate what you're doing in Texas. They want an open border. But they're going down to Guatemala to reassure the government there that any efforts to fortify the border, they're going to, you know, work to defeat. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, U.S. SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY: It is our strongly held view as a matter of law that S.E. Four, which is a law proposed by the state of Texas, it is our strongly held view that that law is unconstitutional. And it is our hope and confidence that the courts will strike it down with finality.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, Dan, we have the Department of Homeland Security Secretary in a foreign country, basically trashing one of our finest states in the United States. How much of the economy is Texas responsible for? Well, I don't know what they would do with their numbers if it weren't for Texas' economy. But that is wild, attacking America on a foreign land.PATRICK: Yeah, that was the Department of Hopeless Security, by the way, not Homeland Security. Look, Laura, as I've said before, I wrote this bill, Senate Bill Four with Senator Charles Perry. We believe that we are being invaded. We believe when we get back to the Supreme Court, remember, they voted six to three to let it stay or let it become law while we're going through the process. We're going through that process.We believe it is constitutional because we're being invaded. Just because these people don't have an army uniform on or carrying a flag doesn't mean they're not an invasion force. That's exactly what these people are.And the generals are the cartels that are sending them here or China or these other countries. And we're just not taking it anymore, Laura. I mean, we don't -- we don't care what Biden thinks. I mean, what did the Mexican President say? Give us 20 billion and you know, we'll stop coming.INGRAHAM: Yeah.PATRICK: Well, this is what President Trump did. He just yeah, he just put a tariff on all their on all their goods. And that stopped him. And that's what Biden should be doing. That's what President Trump will do when he becomes president.INGRAHAM: Yeah.PATRICK: I promise you, Joe -- Joe Biden is gone. Donald Trump, Greg Abbott, myself and the Texas legislature will close that border on day one. We've had it.INGRAHAM: Yeah, shut it down. Well, instead of reassuring the American people, our President is reassuring foreign governments against the American people. Lieutenant Governor, thank you. All right. When illegals do get into the country and fly into our interior, they go through a vetting process as secure as a screen door on a submarine.Now, according to a letter from the House Homeland Security Committee, TSA is reportedly allowing aliens without verifying identity documents to pass through airport security checkpoints, relying on unverified biographical information gathered by the Border Patrol through one Border Patrol application.Joining me now, Chris Bedford, Senior Contributor at "The Federalist" and Sean Duffy, Fox News Contributor, Co-Host of FBN's "Bottom Line". Chris, I took a plane today. As usual, you have to go through the process. You might have TSA pre or clear or something, but most people are still to take their shoes off. Got to show your I.D., long lines. They just show up some kind of piece of paper. I don't know who they are. We knew we thought this was happening, but now we have verification.CHRIS BEDFORD, "THE FEDERALIST" SENIOR CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, and if you're an American citizen who can't find their identification, you have to pull every trick in the book to be able to get through at an airport showing other forms of identification. You have to get permission at the end of the day, usually from Washington, D.C., and they'll only let you do it a few times.So, this is actual policy. You've got the papers lined out to prove it. And you know what else? It's intentional policy. It's something that's even known to Democrats in Washington, D.C. In the debate in the Senate last week, Republicans tried to add an amendment that would have forced TSA to stop letting this happen, stop the federal government from flying illegal aliens around the country in all these secret flights, and Democrats voted 100 percent against it and shot it down.INGRAHAM: Yeah, total fanatics. Sean, TSA gave us a statement moments ago saying in part that non-citizens, meaning illegals, released after undergoing security vetting into the United States to await immigration proceedings in seven years, must present an acceptable form of I.D. to enter secure areas of an airport.If one does not have an acceptable form of I.D., they must submit to additional screening and facial recognition technology to verify their identity using D.H.S. records. But the letter from the House Committee said that the TSA accepts administrative warrants for arrest or removal as an acceptable identity document. Sean, little buddies of mine in the TSA have told me it's a piece of paper and it, you know, has sort of official- looking writing on it, but come on.SEAN DUFFY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: So, they're relying on the vetting system of the border security, which is garbage. They're letting, you know, murderers, drug dealers, drug traffickers, you know, come into the country.And so, those are the same people that fly on the planes with all of us. And so, we're not just concerned, Laura, about doors flying on our airplane. We're concerned about the guy sitting next to us. And were they vetted?Chris Wray was just on the Hill. He was talking about the open borders and national security, a national threat to the country. He's concerned about terror attacks. The fact that we have these people on planes with us, I think the American people are sick of being treated as second-class citizens, third-class citizens.INGRAHAM: Right.DUFFY: Joe Biden cares more about letting more people into the country than he does about the safety and security of the very people that live here, that voted for him, that paid the taxes to run our damn government. So, again, I think this is a huge issue for the American voter.INGRAHAM: Yeah, and Chris, I mean, I'm going to get up and applaud both of you. But this -- this is what last week, a Venezuelan illegal went viral for his TikTok videos, encouraging other illegals to squat in homes once they cross the border. He even gives tips on how to rip us off. But now, according to "New York Post", he's -- he's on the run.Now, we're learning from "The Post" that he's actually trying to flee from authorities after crossing illegally in April 2022. He enrolled in the alternatives to detention program, that must be nice. But naturally, he didn't follow the rules and now is listed as an absconder from the program.He put out a video basically crying, saying, oh, my life is turned upside down. You can't. If it wasn't our country, Chris, this would be funny. But the joke is on us, unfortunately, as long as Biden's in the White House.BEDFORD: And he's the perfect character for exposing just how much the joke is on us. He started to draw attention to himself by becoming an illegal immigrant influencer and releasing these videos showing people how they could take advantage of a lot of different cities, especially blue cities, very dumb squatting laws, which allow people who don't own your house, just move in your house when you're not there, and take it over.People can't be evicted. It's -- it's ruined people's lives. I've known folks in D.C. who have had to sell their house because they can't get out of squatters. And he was just telling the American people and the illegal alien community about all these different laws --INGRAHAM: But now, he's upset.BEDFORD: -- that allow them to take advantage of Americans. Now, he's upset because --INGRAHAM: Yeah, but --BEDFORD: --your attention and he embarrassed the feds.INGRAHAM: But this is like the people at the border, Sean, complaining that they're not being let through. And they're, like, giving interviews. They're giving interviews to "The L.A. Times" about how the conditions at the border are a nightmare. They're not what they thought they were going to be, again.BEDFORD: You can't get this stuff up.INGRAHAM: This is the Biden administration.DUFFY: Joe Biden said it's guys like this who built our country. He said our economy is so strong because of guys like this. It is a joke for the American people. By the way, he's been posting these videos for months. Again, to Chris's point, how do you -- how do you take someone else's home as a squatter? How do you get the American taxpayer money for free as you come here as an immigrant that you don't want to work? It's very simple. Deport his ass. He should have been deported a long time ago. But thank God, we finally have Joe Biden on the --INGRAHAM: You bet.DUFFY: -- march, trying to get thugs like this out of the country. One win for America.INGRAHAM: Now, Chris and Sean, fantastic, fantastic segment. Thank you. All right. Next, one of the weirdest police chases we've ever seen, plus a total ban on gasoline cars. If Biden's in the White House next term, you bet it's coming. The details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Okay, I think we may just have found the most bizarre police chase ever. Fox Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke. I'm not with him, sadly, but he's there with all the crazy video, Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Laura, just when you think you've seen everything, something else pops up to your news feed and just makes you shake your head. Check this out. You're not going to believe it. Thirty-eight year old Eddie Sanchez arrested and charged with trespassing and reckless driving, among other charges, after cops say he stole, wait for it, a front end loader from his former employer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OFFICER: Stop. Hey, stop. He's not stopping for me. No way of stopping this vehicle.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: No way. And if you think that's crazy, oh, wait, there's more(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Grab your machine. What is it? One of those things. How fast is it? They can get up to probably about 30.UNKNOWN: Okay, grab that quick, quick.CORKE: Now we're cooking. So, finally, armed with the right tool at the right time. And oh, yeah.CORKE: God bless Georgia. And there you have it. Eddie Sanchez, 38, apparently with the temperament of an eight year old arrested. But don't take my word for it, by the way. This is what the folks in Gwinnett said, quote, "While investigating the incident, the reporting officer learned that Sanchez was terminated from the business in 2023. September, by the way, he visited the business several days prior and did something similar, but never left the property. During this entire incident, no motorists were injured, nor were any vehicles or patrol cars damaged."So, there. Now, Sanchez was charged with theft by taking, fleeing or attempting to elude, reckless driving, criminal damage to property, a partridge in a pear tree. I dare say, deserved all of it. Laura.INGRAHAM: Okay, now, wait a second, Kevin. Can you see the scene where a police officer is like on the side, you know, he's doing his normal.CORKE: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Rounds.INGRAHAM: He's there on the highway. He looks up --CORKE: What?INGRAHAM: -- pulls him over license and just with straight face license and registration. I mean, this is this is insane. Now, I know, Kevin, you never get any of those automatic tickets either. I know that you never have gotten any of those.CORKE: I got two last month.INGRAHAM: Sorry. Those are -- those are -- speaking of unconstitutional, those are unconstitutional. Kevin.CORKE: Stay street -- don't do it, Laura.INGRAHAM: Yes. Don't go there. Don't go there. I agree. Thanks, Kevin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, U.S. PRESIDENT: Three years ago, I set an ambitious target that half of all new cars and trucks sold in 2030 would be zero emission. Today, we're setting new pollution standards for cars and trucks. U.S. workers will lead the world in autos, making clean cars and trucks, each stamped made in America. You have my word."(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: You have his word. That means a lot. No one wants his word. They want gas powered cars. But if Biden has his way, they're going to become a thing of the past. They're going to be a lot of old cars from the 60s parked in his garage.The EPA last week announced plans to start phasing gas powered cars out by 2032. But eight states and D.C. have already beaten them to it, banning the sale of gas powered cars as of 2035. Now, two additional states, Delaware, Colorado, want 82 percent of car sales by the year 2032 to be electric. This is infuriating.Joining me now, Clay Travis, founder of "OutKick", proud owner of a big gas guzzling powered vehicle. Clay -- CLAY TRAVIS, "OUTKICK" FOUNDER: Yes.INGRAHAM: I think this is Trump issue. The border and your car, okay? The border and your car and groceries and you win the election.TRAVIS: Look, people can do whatever they want. If you want to buy an E.V., I think more power to you should have that right. But have you read, Laura, some of the stories about how difficult it is to drive any sort of substantial distance at all on an E.V.? "The Wall Street Journal" had a great story.I believe the reporter tried to drive from New Orleans to Chicago, if I'm not mistaken, and basically couldn't manage to do it, had to wait hours at charging stations. A lot of them didn't work. I never am going to do this for the rest of my life. Maybe one day we'll have an E.V. But for the rest of my life on any trip that is any kind of significance at all of any kind of distance?INGRAHAM: No, thank you.TRAVIS: I'm going to be very comfortable about pulling into a gas station. So, this is crazy to try to mandate anything here.INGRAHAM: No, never, ever, ever, am I buying an electric vehicle, okay? If I have to stockpile gas powered cars, that's what I'm going to do. All right, here's an eloquent description of electric vehicles from Kamala Harris, Clay, last week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, U.S. VICE PRESIDENT: The work that we're doing on electric vehicles, school buses and trucks, I have visited the manufacturing plants. We're showing one that we have the expertise to understand how it can work, meaning the thing actually moves and it can transport people.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Clay, it can move.TRAVIS: I'm glad that it moves.INGRAHAM: Now, these people --TRAVIS: I'm glad that it moves but you know,INGRAHAM: --are in charge of mandating electric vehicles and killing our automobile industry, which this will do.TRAVIS: Yeah, I think, look, the bloodbath comment was it got all the attention, the bloodbath usage. But what Trump was nailing is they're going to start making cars in Mexico and not -- and try to avoid the tariff that we're putting on Chinese vehicles. And they're not going to allow our cars to compete there.But again, we've got all these mandates that are starting to come in and they can't sell the E.V.s that they have now. And for everybody out there who's in a union and working in a manufacturing plant, the best way to guarantee that you're going to get fired, other than the $20 minimum wage that's already getting people fired at fast food restaurants in California --INGRAHAM: I know.TRAVIS: --is producing products that people don't want to buy.INGRAHAM: Yeah.TRAVIS: Let the market dictate --INGRAHAM: Well --TRAVIS: -- what the purchases are going to be. This is crazy.INGRAHAM: All right, Clay, the market's speaking. They can't get rid of these things. Clay, thank you. We're still awaiting that news conference from the NTSB on the deadly bridge collapse in Baltimore. Stay with us.