JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: -- On Fox Nation. The Menendez brothers: Monsters or misunderstood. It is streaming now and it's great. I'll be back on the five tomorrow at 5 PM Eastern, I hope you'll tune in. And my friend Greg Gutfeld is on next. Have a great night. Thanks for watching.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Happy Thursday, everyone. So earlier today Barack Obama joined President Biden for a fundraiser at Radio City Music Hall. Also at the event, Bill Clinton and approximately 20 terrified Rockette's. Yeah. Lot of dresses there. According to research, cinnamon may be helpful in curing baldness. And already Cinnabon has been besieged by calls from one man. It's true.KURT METZGER, COMEDIAN: He's bald?GUTFELD: Yeah, you didn't know that.METZGER: No.GUTFELD: No, I know. He's one of you.METZGER: (inaudible)GUTFELD: Today is Fox anchor Todd Piro's birthday, otherwise known as national Caucasian day. Researchers have discovered that sperm whales can fend off attacks from orcas by spraying diarrhea in their faces. It's the same reason I eat burritos before riding the subway. You should see my aim. Southwest Airlines will begin offering the first red eye overnight flights in its history. Spirit will also offer red eye flights. Just ask for water and they'll hit you with tear gas.A math teacher in Texas has legally changed his name to quote literally -- literally anybody else to get right in votes for president. Meanwhile, Joe Biden is thinking of changing his name to Donald Trump. Qatar -- Qatar Airways has introduced Sama the world's first AI flight attendant. In the event of a loss of cabin pressure, Sama doesn't give (BEEP). Oh, boy. Illegal immigrant children are overcrowding in New York City schools and teachers are furious, conditions are so jam packed, none of the students are in the mood for sex.Yeah, I felt the same way. The intel community has been warned that the term blacklisted is racist. If only there's a way to find the person who made that insane claim and make sure he never works again. Thank you for laughing at that joke. I -- I had my worries. Earlier today former FTX, CEO Sam Bankman-Fried was sentenced to 25 years in prison. Really? Which means he'll finally get his wish of being publicly traded. Terrible.All right. Let's do a monologue. Are we coming apart at the seams because of democratic regimes? When important stuff gets neglected, it falls apart as expected. Escaping the failed city of Baltimore got a little harder this week after a freighter plowed into the Francis Scott Key Bridge. And as far as metaphors go, that's more on the nose than the powder on Hunter Biden's schnoz. We're still piecing together what happened but already activist sprung into action.A writer at The route.com says once it's rebuilt, the bridge should be renamed after a prominent African American instead of the white guy who wrote, The Star Spangled Banner but once owned slaves. Well, they could replace him with P Diddy, he also wrote songs and he also owned slaves.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (inaudible)GUTFELD: So with President Biden pledging taxpayer money to rebuild it, everyone will be on the hook for the privilege of erasing Francis Scott Key and with that kind of focus on useless woke virtue signaling it's no surprise things are falling apart right in front of us.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SINGING) Every damn thing is broken since America let woke in. They'll take your money to fix it and still call you a racist dip (BEEP). Infrastructure's left abandoned. Don't expect no help from Brandon. Everything is falling apart.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Nice. True, lately feels like everything's coming apart at the seams and not just if you're Joy Behar's moo moo. There aren't even seams to a moo moo. But think about it cities, borders, planes, trains, automobiles, bridges ships, the justice system, the economy, biology, education, housing or aging politicians. Meanwhile, we used to have trains that stay on tracks, doors that stay on planes, crooks who stay in jails, squatters who stay out of homes, pervs who status schools, lawmakers who didn't inject embryonic fluid to get through the day.But that's what happens when the people in charge focus on identity politics, foreign wars, social media and women with boners.GEORGE "TYRUS" MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you for --GUTFELD: Yes. Granted, that's the technical phrase. Granted, some of the stuff on this list obviously isn't all on Biden. But it feels like this is what happens with chronic neglect. And we saw that phenomenon this week with the literal collapse of the bridge. It wasn't the first time that ship crashed into something in Belgium. It -- they collided with a container terminal. Luckily, nobody was injured or killed that time. This time not so lucky. And things are more likely to go wrong when all the other systems are failing.And they're failing because of neglect. Because all our attention is paid to other things. The only thing that seems to be working just fine is our smartphones. Isn't it hilarious that the things that are bad for our children are also made by children. Circle of life, people. But when activist in the media who enabled them jump to talking about renaming the bridge, it's just another sign of how unserious we are as a society.The shortest distance between two points is a fatal accident and an accusation of racism. But don't worry, Mayor Pete's on the case, he hasn't blamed this on racism yet. But give him time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETE BUTTIGIEG, SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION: But if a highway was built for the purpose of dividing a white in the black neighborhood, or if an underpass was constructed such that a bus carrying mostly black and Puerto Rican kids to the beach or the would have been in New York was -- was designed too low for it to pass by. But that obviously reflects racism that went into those design choices.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Fine, fine. OK, OK. But people like Pete can focus on the past, because they're far removed from the real present world. Meanwhile, the rest of us have to live in the system he neglects. A theory by a scientist named John Ioannidis sheds light on why stuff like this keeps happening. He compares us to an army of ants caught in an ant mill, where whole societies are trapped in a death spiral, a vicious cycle of self-reinforcing dysfunctional behavior, marked by continuous flawed decision, making single minded focus on one set of solutions, denial, distress micromanagement dogmatic thinking and learned helplessness. That's a lot of big words.But they render a very simple explanation, we took our eye off the ball. our ancestors built an amazing system based on reciprocity, where we can overcome our differences if we focused on a mutually beneficial collaboration. Some call it capitalism, many call it imperfect. But despite its flaws, it remained the greatest system this world is seen mainly because it got rid of conflicts over lineage. In favor of trade commerce, we build cities, towns and bridges pretty fast.Some people they got more than others. But if everyone was equal, which is an impossibility, there would be no incentive to collaborate at all. We'd expect to get paid for doing nothing, which is how a lot of our systems appear today. The goal, of course, was equal opportunity, and we're trying hard to get there. But this success made the offspring of our ancestors bored and complacent, and armed with bad ideas churned out by misery conveyor belts known as college, they decided that what's far more important than improving things that worked was the trendy crap that would tear them apart.Identity Politics, wokeism, the eternal stain of oppression. It's fun to be outraged. And it's easy when you don't have to get your hands dirty. But when you don't deal with concrete problems, you get concrete problems, and the foundation starts to crumble. Focus only on the window dressing and not the smashed windows. What do you expect? It's ironic when you think about it. Only after those windows are gone are we able to see things clearly. And it's certainly not a view worth bragging about.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. Even the Libs can't stop this steel. Pretty good. Host of "The Sage Steele Show" on Bill Maher's Podcast Network, Sage Steele. His jokes are so raw, they'll give you a salmonella. Award winning comedian, Kurt Metzger. Her favorite mode of travel is the wind. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. Thank you. And when he walks the runway, it's at LaGuardia. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. Sage, welcome to the show.SAGE STEELE, HOST, "THE SAGE STEELE SHOW": Thank you.GUTFELD: It's a pleasure having you. Congratulations on your new podcast at Bill Maher Network.STEELE: Thank you. Thank you.GUTFELD: I'm sure it will be wonderful. Am I crazy to think the world is falling apart and should we blame Biden?STEELE: If you're crazy, then I'm crazy, too.GUTFELD: OK.STEELE: And am I right?GUTFELD: Yes.STEELE: Yeah. Listen, I don't want to be right on this. But it's just called reality at this point. And maybe it's an age thing as well. I've been around too long. And you can see how it used to be. At the end of the day, yeah, you look at I have two kids in college right now. My daughter called me she's like, Mom, hold on tight. This might be the end. When you look at all of the things that are happening and kind of the why behind them. And to me, it's not just like, a coincidence, there's like darkness.GUTFELD: Yeah, we're stuck.STEELE: Evil, involved in a lot of this. Yeah.GUTFELD: Yeah.STEELE: I mean, I don't like it. But that's where we are. So what do we do to fix?GUTFELD: I actually built a panic room inside my panic room. And inside that one, oatmeal. I know. I don't know why either.METZGER: -- Panic out of the room.GUTFELD: Yes. Yes.METZGER: I hate that.GUTFELD: Kurt, do you feel as crazy or -- or? I don't know. I don't know. Just uneasy about the future?METZGER: OK. Just to give you context. I just did Rogan and then Alex Jones, and then this. So, yeah. Sage, you don't tell Bill Maher that stuff so you? Because he is not aware. I don't know if have you seen his new rules.GUTFELD: Yeah.METZGER: Everything's fine. What are you talking about, fat people?GUTFELD: Yeah, no --METZGER: He hasn't heard the news.GUTFELD: Yes.METZGER: Don't tell him. If you don't like -- don't say nothing.STEELE: You know what, I'm bigger he is. I could take it.METZGER: He's got Trump hands. He's got -- it's some kind of psychology. You don't like him because they have the same hands.GUTFELD: I think I can take him. We're both about the same size.METZGER: Well, obviously, but also --GUTFELD: -- View.METZGER: He was interviewed Robert De Niro.GUTFELD: Yeah, I saw that.METZGER: I can't even believe De Niro. Because Bill, you're going to ask De Niro, a guy who sells like the guy from "Being There."GUTFELD: Yes.METZGER: Instead of talking about the garden, he did try to talk about politics.GUTFELD: Yeah, that was --METZGER: You guys didn't see "Being There" at all, did you?GUTFELD: -Peter Sellers.METZGER: They weren't there. Yeah.GUTFELD: Yeah.METZGER: Peter Sellers --GUTFELD: Yeah. You know that movie doesn't stand --METZGER: I saw these gray heads and thought maybe they knew who Peter Sellers was.GUTFELD: Already attacking the audience. It was because of the bald joke, wasn't it?METZGER: It was. I've been mad about it the whole time.GUTFELD: Yes.METZGER: Are you what I call a million hair, like you're privileged.GUTFELD: I'm doing all right.METZGER: -- At a higher rate than me.GUTFELD: I'm doing all right. Look at this stuff. It's great. This is real, unlike Jessie. All right, Kat. Kat, do you think it's the priorities that are leading us into this dark place?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, congrats on your hair or whatever.GUTFELD: Thank you.TIMPF: But I also something that scientist brought up was he placed it on overreactions in terms of policy and response to crisis, which that was the whole COVID thing, especially.GUTFELD: Yeah. That's true.TIMPF: For a lot of this centralization of power. And that, to me is something I seem to think about more than a lot of other people do, which is we focus so much on which specific people are going to be in power and in my view, not enough on how much power that those people have. Because -- thank you. Because we wouldn't -- it wouldn't have wouldn't matter as much, who was in power if they didn't have so much of it. It's so centralized. There's basically a handful of people that are making even the, you know, so many decisions for all of us, and it was not supposed to be like that. And it shouldn't be like that.METZGER: Wait but wait, wait. Yeah. Wait. OK. But what if we gave all the rest of our money to Ukraine? You think -- you think that slot machine will pay out finally.GUTFELD: What do you think, Tyrus? Do you feel like the world or United States is falling apart?MURDOCH: No.GUTFELD: No.MURDOCH: I think it's great.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: I love it.METZGER: Because you're Gulliver, a giant man.MURDOCH: Here's the thing my entire life I've always weighed consequences to my actions, right. So if someone's saying something annoying, I don't like -- if I reach over, I know there's a good chance that I'm going to get arrested, lose my career and go to jail. But not in this new world.GUTFELD: No.MURDOCH: I can do that, be out in the hour, still be here in time to work and then go back and do it again. I mean --STEELE: That's because there's a reason for that.MURDOCH: It's because -- because it's change. We need to understand that while we're flipping out, they are not. And as long as -- all you need to know was it was two weeks ago, three weeks ago, where he had a press conference. And he -- the point of the press conference was to correct himself instead of saying illegal alien he said newcomer. That is all you need to know. OK.Which means is, you have to understand everyone in here, I don't know if you know a chicken or been around a chicken, but you're all eggs now. And if they crack a few eggs to get where they need to go, they're fine with it because the only eggs that are complaining is the cracked conservative ones. And they don't care.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: So Biden is fine with what's going on. He's so fine with us going on. He's at a fundraiser with Obama and Bill and isn't it hosted by Lizzo, Lizzo?GUTFELD: Yeah, I think so.MURDOCH: So she's under investigation for like doing horrible things to her workers, doesn't matter because she's on the Left team. It I'm thinking about getting traded because you can do whatever the hell you want.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Like so the only way you can fix this, is you got to vote. So all I hoped for is the Independents and women finally get tired of being treated like the way they're being treated and they do something about. You have a law and order opportunity to get things back straight or four more years of just running around doing whatever you want.GUTFELD: All right, we must move on. A protester attacks because she forgot Tampax.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SINGING) It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's video of the day.GUTFELD: All right. I love this one. I love this one. OK. Hush, my children. Our video of the day comes to us from a pro-Palestinian protest at Vanderbilt University where a student called 911 because she was very worried about a fellow protesters tampon. Roll it, Helga.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah, there is a currently a female student who's being denied the right to change her tampon that has been in for multiple hours, which leads to an increased risk of toxic shock syndrome. So while you're saying --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm a female, I understand.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Right. Then you should understand. OK, what you're not hearing -- what you're not hearing is that if she stands up to use the restroom to change her tampon, they are threatening arrest. So it is not an option for her.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ma'am, do you have an emergency?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, ma'am. I do. It is an emergency.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know. Do you have an emergency? Not your friend that's inside. Do you have an emergency?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That is my emergency?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah. I don't remember the time that I needed to have an emergency personally to call 911 for help.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm sorry. What?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't remember a time when it has to be a personal emergency for me to call 911 for help. I am requesting assistance, medical urgent assistance.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: So people who want to defund the police, call the police over a tampon, But this is not the first time protesters made us think of feminine products. Usually they always act like douchebags. But she chooses to waste the city's resources and called 911 over a damn tampon. She should have just called me. I know people. I could have -- I could have pulled some strings.MURDOCH: There you go. The old --METZGER: -- Not as good as -- Not as good as that.GUTFELD: Think about the -- she's supporting these protests started because Israel's response to October 7 where Jewish women were raped and murdered by Hamas. So why would a pro-Palestinian protester want a tampon? If there's one thing they don't seem to mind? It's the site of blood. Yeah, I went dark, didn't I? Anyway, they should get expelled, charged with criminal trespass and fined for making a false emergency report. 911 is for real emergencies like when my wife demands I rub feet. All right, I got to go to a woman first because that's only right, Kat --TIMPF: I knew you were going to say you're coming to me first. Yes.METZGER: I don't even know what that is?MURDOCH: So, apparently the tampon holder is not black.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: Thank you, because you know, he would have went to me.STEELE: Oh, my Gid.GUTFELD: All right.TIMPF: I'm just waiting to see what question you're going to ask me.GUTFELD: I love the 911 Operator's response was perfect. What say you?TIMPF: I mean, she was doing her best.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I think she had to wait for this to become viral news for her to have any idea what was going on in that situation. I don't know. I still -- I still don't actually fully understand it. Like she's like, listen, I -- I can -- I was before scared about removing a tampon when I was like 12 or 13 at my aunt's lake house. And never did I think I'm going to call the police.GUTFELD: She was afraid.TIMPF: I was an actual child. I was like it's just -- it's just -- it's just you and you and your baby and we got to figure this out. I knew that was on me and I did it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah.TIMPF: Thank you.GUTFELD: The more you know, right. The more -- Keith -- it was Keith.MURDOCH: Olbermann.GUTFELD: Olbermann. Kurt, we were talking about Keith Olbermann.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Kurt -- all right. She thought that she -- she was afraid that you wouldn't get back to her seat. Was that the whole reason why she -- she called the police for her friend because they were afraid that if she went to change her tampon, she wouldn't get -- be able to get back.METZGER: I didn't even pick -- first of all, I didn't even pick up the part. I thought the girl who needed the -- the operation.GUTFELD: Yes.METZGER: So I didn't realize a friend was calling for. Full disclosure, one time when I was like 35, I called 911. I live in Washington Heights, because I drank a five hour energy extra strength and smoked weed. OK.GUTFELD: That's -- I get that.MURDOCH: I get it.METZGER: But I don't understand these are college kids. There wasn't a guy that was like when somebody's screaming about this on the phone. She needs a change or like just some guy that goes I'm a doctor. You know, this was 10 years ago, they made a whole college romp about that.GUTFELD: Exactly. Tyrus.MURDOCH: Huh?GUTFELD: This is why even -- if I were choking on something embarrassing, I wouldn't call 911. I would just choke out.MURDOCH: You would just choke out?TIMPF: Choking on what?(CROSSTALK)MURDOCH: No, you know --GUTFELD: Please use your imagination.MURDOCH: Also popcorn will be nice.TIMPF: Yeah, yeah.MURDOCH: A big can of Christmas nuts, usually.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: Choking on walnuts.GUTFELD: Yum.MURDOCH: It's -- we live in such a beautiful country that you can call your friend when you're having a problem like, hey, I'm in here trying to try to ruin the life of this speaker but I need to change my tampon. I don't want to lose my seat.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: Can you call 911 and get a police officer to run down with -- what is this -- what is this (BEEP) NASCAR?GUTFELD: There are women who were brutally murdered and this woman is down -- downplaying that and calling the police for a tampon.STEELE: I will say first of all 911 respond -- I mean, she was --GUTFELD: She was great.STEELE: She was so good and she's like, OK, is there an actual emergency? And I would have cussed the kid out, right.GUTFELD: Yeah.STEELE: And oh, by the way, while that clip ran, I thought like Vanderbilt University this is a higher education.GUTFELD: Yeah.STEELE: $61,000 a year just for tuition. That's what you're paying for.(CROSSTALK)STEELE: I will say this, I mean, hi, we've there have been emergencies like OK, walking through the halls in high school and I can't go to class. I need to stop by the restroom. This is an emergency. Your best friend comes with you and has one in her purse and your backpack but I don't know. I've actually never called 911 in my life.GUTFELD: This isn't Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.TIMPF: Like, I don't get it.MURDOCH: I know the fact that the girl said should do something soon, she's going to have an infection. The infection is -- infectious already there, ma.GUTFELD: We must move on before we all lose our jobs. Greatest topic ever. Up next; should stores get fined for not keeping bums in mind.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Frisco fines for hostile planters. Kurt, let me explain this story to you.METZGER: Go ahead.GUTFELD: San Francisco is ordering businesses that installed large metal planters that are there to deter homeless encampments, they either have to remove them within 30 days or be fined because homeless advocates call these planters hostile architecture, as opposed to, say, the homeless that are there shooting up and taking a -- in front of your door.(LAUGHTER)METZGER: Like the bumps so you can't lay on the bench?GUTFELD: Yes, but they're just planters.METZGER: Can I use the wisdom of Solomon and call this --GUTFELD: Sure.METZGER: You're both wrong. All of you are wrong. First of all, planters. No, those are going to be toilets. That's not hostile at all. You probably should have put them a long time ago.GUTFELD: That's right.METZGER: It's probably going to help grow whatever, because there's going to be human sized logs in those planters.(LAUGHTER)METZGER: Hostile, it's the best thing that's ever happened to the homeless there.GUTFELD: You know what, it's not fair, Tyrus. The city will fine a business for doing the job that the city itself won't do.MURDOCH: Here's the thing. They're giving you 30 days to correct, OK? That's plenty of time to move to beautiful Wisconsin.GUTFELD: That's true.MURDOCH: Texas is lovely this time of year. If they are literally telling you -- because here's the deal. Yes, they -- in front of your house and in front of your stores. And sleeping is terrible, but so is robbing and attacking the women when they come in, going after the children. I think that's kind of a little more, or it's just the fact that because they're sleeping in front of buildings. They are happy where they are, which gives them an excuse not to make any changes, because they have a right to sleep in front of your store that you have to pay taxes on, and no one will come to you. And if you deny them service, then you are some form of phobic or whatever the hell it is.So I think that happens to you, you've got 30 days to move. And there's a ton of states, that's why it's cool, that would welcome you and allow you to put planters and protect the front of your store.METZGER: But they mask there.MURDOCH: Only if you play sports or work in a coal mine.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Sage, is this, couldn't they find -- this is actually a humane way to keep the homeless -- people, they are not using like a power hose.STEELE: They should.GUTFELD: You can say that. I can't.(APPLAUSE)STEELE: I was there every year for like five or six years for a couple, almost like a total of a month every summer, because when the Golden State Warriors were in the finals every year. The change that city has gone through in just a couple of years is actually heartbreaking, because San Francisco was incredible.I do find it interesting, though. Remember a month to change? It took them a week to clean up the city when the president of China was coming in, right. That happened really fast.METZGER: Invite him back. He can come over every weekend.STEELE: Invite him back. But these business owners, honestly, my heart breaks for them, because just because they live in San Francisco doesn't mean they're a crazy person. I mean kind of if you want to pay those taxes and live in that environment, I guess.METZGER: You're very rich.STEELE: You're very, very rich, but yes. But evil because you're rich, right? It's just so sad to me that they are trying desperately to keep their business open. And I don't blame them for quitting. But for trying with the planters, I think it's creative. Points for creativity.GUTFELD: Kat, are you pro-planter or anti-planter?TIMPF: I think the anti-planter argument falls apart pretty quickly, Greg.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Because the whole thing is they are saying, OK, well this makes things difficult for pedestrians and the disabled community to get to the store. And you know what else does that? A homeless encampment in front of the store.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Far be it from me to speak on behalf of the wheelchair community, but I'm just saying, if I was a part, I'm just guessing if I were in a wheelchair, I would prefer, if I had to choose, the obstacles that are not going to jump out and attack me to wheel around, right?METZGER: Well, I'm trans-abled, so I appreciate you.TIMPF: You're welcome. I see you.(LAUGHTER)METZGER: That's a real thing.MURDOCH: You still got the paralyzed feet thing going on?METZGER: Yes. Well, I -- yes.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: He's able to walk for short periods because it's just his feet that are paralyzed.METZGER: I can't find a doctor to take my feet off. Here in small towns they won't do it for you.GUTFELD: I have no idea what either of you are talking about.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's why we will move on. Up next, stripper rights reach new heights.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Gutfeld gets results!(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: We helped reach a goal for gals working the pole. Now there's better working conditions for dancers bent into awkward positions.Last month I brought much-needed attention to strippers who demanded legislation to give them greater workplace protections in Washington state. Mister flashback dude, roll the flashback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: They just want protections while giving men erections.Strippers constantly face sexual-harassment and even assault while on the clock, and now they want to do something about it. The proposed legislation includes requirements for security guards, mandatory training on preventing harassment, and procedures for handling violence, and assurance they will never have to give a lap dance to Jerry Nadler.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Well, great news. Washington's governor signed that bill into law, giving strippers the most protections of any state. And that's what I call a happy ending.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Which means Gutfeld gets results. But it's like the activists say -- sex work is real work. And I agree, except I usually say it to my landscapers.Tyrus --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: The law will prevent sexual-harassment, identify and report human trafficking, and it gets extra security guards, Tyrus.METZGER: Prevent harassment?GUTFELD: Yes. You can sexually harass in a stripper place.MURDOCH: Listen, I know why you went to me.GUTFELD: I want to know.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: You get one stripper pregnant on day shift, and now I'm the official leading guy. I'm getting tired of it.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: I'm absolutely tired of it, OK? And if these laws weren't in place, I would save a lot of money on child support.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: I don't know -- it was many, many years ago. I reformed. I went to the church, found the Lord, I'm good now.(APPLAUSE)MURDOCH: That was a complete lie.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: What was the question?(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: You cannot sexually harass a stripper. She's naked and you are like whoa, she's hot, or damn, look at that. Excuse me? No, I'm sorry, excuse me.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: I just don't think. I'm sorry, what was the proper --GUTFELD: You know what, I just hate strip clubs the way they objectify women.MURDOCH: No, it's because the seats and the stage is like this, you can't see.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, Kat, you want to respond?TIMPF: The sexual harassment, I think, was protection against sexual harassment from the people who work there.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: So basically, you can't do it for free.GUTFELD: If you think about the fact that if you have to go in there and dance and if you've got some creepy manager or bartender that is creeping on you. When I used to strip for Chippendale's, there was this guy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Anyway.TIMPF: The stuff they're asking for is like security. I think they should have that.GUTFELD: You know what, because I really want Sage, I want the stripping career to be a long and comfortable one.(LAUGHTER)STEELE: I mean, it took four years at a university to get to that. That was a real career goal and they achieved it. We have to give them credit for that.We've talked about orifices a lot today. It's something I wasn't warned about.(LAUGHTER)STEELE: I was thinking about this earlier. Are there, like, H.R. departments at strip clubs? How do you manage that?GUTFELD: Well, you have to look at a chain, like a big chain. If there is a chain of strip clubs, I wouldn't know, Spearmint Rhino.MURDOCH: Spearmint Rhino, Penthouse.(LAUGHTER)STEELE: It got quiet.GUTFELD: Kurt, have they gone far enough, or not far enough?METZGER: I was engaged to a stripper many years ago.GUTFELD: Really?METZGER: Yes. And first of all, this is to drive a wedge between strippers and strip DJs.GUTFELD: Really?METZGER: Secondly -- secondly, you're overlooking that this is Washington state. Places with hot strippers don't have this kind of thing. These are Washington state strippers, so that's when you start getting those kinds of ideas about a union for a thing that's not a union thing. That's what this is.(LAUGHTER)METZGER: And also, it failed. But I thought they had that here, maybe it was in Washington. It was a strip club either in Williamsburg or maybe just in that part of the states where they would go, yes, no, it's not a strip club. It's like a coffeehouse, and couples go to the strip club. I remember people telling me this, it was like a better, classier. And I was like, so you mean a place where the girls don't make any --(LAUGHTER)METZGER: That's a terrible club. So it's like you're trying to take the dirtiness of this very --GUTFELD: It's supposed to be dirty.METZGER: And so because they have that stupid stuff there they all make money, and also it devolves into some small shop where they want to have a union but there's five employees.STEELE: Doesn't that make sense, though? It makes sense. It's Washington state, so if you're not stripping, you're working at Starbucks. It's one of the other.METZGER: I would rather strip.GUTFELD: They'll start having erotic book club meetings instead, right. They'll start selling soap. I don't know what that means either. Sometimes I'm confused up here.Up next, is there an art to telling bald men apart?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's time for the question of the day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Our question of the day, do bald people all look alike? Yes, our guest Halle Berry, I mean Sage Steele --(LAUGHTER)STEELE: I wish.GUTFELD: -- prompted me to ask that question after this interaction with UFC CEO Dana White on his podcast. Hit it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEELE: What's Joe Rogan's dream?DANA WHITE, UFC CEO: What's Joe Rogan's dream?STEELE: Joe Rogan, Dana White. What's Dana White's dream?WHITE: You thought I was Joe rogan?STEELE: I totally did.WHITE: She just called me -- Joe Rogan. You thought I was -- Joe Rogan?STEELE: Yes, I thought you were Joe Rogan.WHITE: I was bald before Joe was ever bald. I just did a two-hour podcast. I flew here from Vegas, and she thought she was interviewing Joe Rogan.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: He didn't walk out, though.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That was the best.METZGER: Did you say hi to me because you thought I was with them?(LAUGHTER)METZGER: We've never met.STEELE: Those guys don't have all of the facial hair beauty that you do.METZGER: People can call me Jada Pinkett Smith when I go out.GUTFELD: That was funny.MURDOCH: Don't talk about my wife.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Kat, Kat, smack him.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I have to defend you, one, that you could have edited that out and you didn't.STEELE: Thank you. I left it on purpose. Thank you.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: And also, I have done this so many times.METZGER: You did it today.GUTFELD: I did it today. I called you Keith.METZGER: Olbermann.GUTFELD: I do this all the time.METZGER: How do I resemble that?GUTFELD: I don't know, because we were talking about Keith Olbermann and it got stuck in my head. You were thinking it, you were probably talking about Rogan.STEELE: Because why? Because they work together, and because when the show began at the beginning, Dana came in drinking a drink, and I said what is that. He's like, it's Joe Rogan's drink. That happened an hour and 20 minutes into my podcast.METZGER: In a picture, they really look alike.STEELE: They do look alike. And oh, by the way, I have three kids, the youngest is almost 18. I call them different names. I'm like, Quinn, you screwed up. Was the timing good? No.(LAUGHTER)STEELE: However, however -- and he did. He flew in from Vegas literally just to do my show and flew back. However, yes, thank you, I could have edited it out, and I kept it in because I'm an idiot. Why not? You've got to make fun of yourself.TIMPF: No.(APPLAUSE)MURDOCH: Listen, I just watched Dana White walk out on Howie Mandel saying hello to him, and he walked. He's like I'm not doing his podcast. And listen, yes, he flew in, but he wasn't on Southwest. He flew in his private jet, landed, kept it running, had his car service take him, probably carried by a team of men so his feet wouldn't touch the ground.STEELE: He walked on his own.MURDOCH: But I'm just saying, like, listen, it's OK. You could have fired back, look, you all look alike. Every time I see one of you a little baldheaded eugenics-taking, testosterone-boosting white guys, you all look the same. You have no neck. You've got kind of pinkish red skin. You drink coffee in a big cup. And you're always saying you're not racist.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, this does raise a point, though. It's like, people say if you mistake a black person for another black person that's racist. But doesn't this just show that as humans our brains group similar things together? That's how we survive.TIMPF: It shows that these two dudes look alarmingly similar. That's it. It's not that deep. It's really not that deep.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: And also, really, truly, truly props to you for leaving that in. That's amazing transparency. You know who does not do that when he makes a mistake?GUTFELD: That's not true. That's not true.TIMPF: And that will be cut out of the show.GUTFELD: That's not true.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I'm actually going to leave that in because it's not true.METZGER: You got served.GUTFELD: I know. At least she finds it funny.OK, don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Sage Steele, Kurt Metzger, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)