LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Stakes like that.ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's right. Too expensive.BOOTHE: Yes.ACUNA: All right.JOEY JONES, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Guys, it has been fun.ACUNA: It's so much fun.DAVID WEBB, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's been a blast.ACUNA: Happy Easter, everyone.BOOTHE: Yes, Happy Easter.ACUNA: That does it for us. We will see you next weekend. LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, America. I am Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.Well, you saw that spectacle, America.In New York City where Donald Trump went to the wake of a heroic police officer who was murdered during the course of a stop and check on a vehicle. And then you saw three Democrat presidents, two former and one sitting, basically 20 minutes away at Radio City Music Hall at a $25 million fundraiser where the upper ticket was half a million dollars, cutting jokes with Stephen Colbert.Now, this is indicative of something bigger, I think that what most people are saying, which is look at the contrast, of course, it is that, but it is indicative of where we are as a country.We have a ruling class in America, a ruling class. It is not an official ruling class, but it is a group of individuals in different industries with different platforms who have seized authority over this country.The vast majority of them live and work on the East Coast. In Washington, DC and New York City, with some in Los Angeles.Tens of millions of Americans are not represented by this ruling class, which is why so much of what they promote in their media has nothing to do with you or has no interest or is actually promoted in order to sabotage your lifestyle and your liberty.Transgenderism: It is a tiny fraction of a tiny percent of the population, you wouldn't know it. Systemic racism: There is not systemic racism in America, but it is critical that that be promoted in order to attack the broad middle class.Climate change: Climate change is nothing more than the de- growth movement, the deindustrialization movement dressed up as some environmental movement, so they can do things through the backdoor that they cannot do through the front door.The vast majority of the middle-class wants nothing to do with this, does not know about it because it is not really relevant to them and that's why you are under attack.You see ladies and gentlemen most of what goes on in this country does not go on in Congress. Most of what goes on in this country is not a result of actions taken by the people you elect, your so-called representatives.The vast majority of what is taking place in the country today is via executive fiat, executive orders, bureaucratic regulations.The EPA has decided that the single family home for the middle class will be destroyed, that you are to live in a high-density high-rises with public transportation. Hence, the automobile needs to be destroyed.What is this EV stuff? No one wants it even though Washington is subsidizing it and "The New York Times" is promoting it because you want your gas-powered combustible vehicles and trucks. Well, Washington just said, you don't get it. Well, who voted for that? Nobody.Biden did it through his EPA. They say you will have cleaner air cleaner water. Of course, we won't. It has nothing to do with that; It is a massive inconvenience and the intention is to limit the ability of the middle class to be mobile, to live the lives that you want to live and so forth and so on.This whole DEI thing is set up again to attack the middle class. Most people do not even know what DEI is, but it is something that has been pushed by the radical left Marxist in our universities and colleges and hence, by the Democratic Party and the media.So merit is thrown out the door, instead we have reverse racism, reverse segregation. According to the Democratic Party, which used to support openly racism and segregation, this new kind of racism and segregation is righteous and so they promote it.And so, so much of what goes on in this country is deleterious to that middle class. They are attacking our traditions, now they are attacking Christian nationalists. What does that mean?Well, they are suggesting that if you are Christian and you support America, you must be part of the Klan or something -- Christian nationalists. They are embracing Islamists. Why are they embracing Islamists? Because they are critical to their base and because the Marxists and the Islamists have the same thing in common, what is that? To completely upend our society, your faith, your religion.They are trying to indoctrinate our children through our elementary schools and secondary schools, high schools, certainly colleges and universities to separate them from parents, to separate them from the morals and ethics and family values they have been taught, and instead, embrace the radical left agenda and bigger and more centralized government.This is all intentional. They are poisoning our institutions. They are devouring our institutions. They are accusing people who stand up against them as being against democracy and being extremists.So Donald Trump, hence is Hitler, and anybody who supports him is part of MAGA and MAGA of course is like the Third Reich.No, MAGA is made up of hard-working Americans who pay their taxes, plumbers, electricians, farmers, and ranchers. It is made up of people who make this country work, and the funny thing is, these elites in Washington, DC and New York, if we had to rely on them to eat, we would all starve to death. They produce absolutely nothing. They do not do anything with her hands.They are totally out of touch with what goes on in the central part of America, or put a better way, that goes on not on the both ends of America. Why do you think they want to get rid of the Electoral College?So, Middle America, Southeast America, Southern America, the Northern Plains of America have no representation. If it's just a matter of voting, the more dense the cities in the metropolitan areas, the more powerful they will become.'In essence nine, ten, eleven states will have control of the entire electoral system, so the electoral college you see is now said to be racist and set up by slavers. What I am trying to point out here is what the Democratic Party is doing is at war with the middle class. It's a war with working Americans.Now, union bosses may not get it, they may not care. They are selling out their membership, too. They will throw little tidbits out to you or little pieces, little crumbs to you. We will have a 20-dollar an hour workday, which of course destroys jobs and destroys businesses.Then they will use Marxist propaganda, class warfare. Let's get the rich, let's get the corporations, let's get them, and yet the biggest concentration of money, the biggest concentration of power and I mean police power, it is not in any one corporation, it is the federal government.Look, there is not a single corporation that has control over your life. There is not a single corporation that can tell you what to do or put you in prison. The federal government not only is ubiquitous financially, but it is ubiquitous in terms of the police state and it is growing.And it does not want any opposition which is why the Biden administration has done more since any administration but perhaps Woodrow Wilson, to silence speech, to silence speech, to censor speech, to monitor speech.Two federal courts have so ruled. They are a hundred percent right. They have done more than any prior administration to intimidate political and ideological opponents, shutting down parents to the extent they can by threatening them with the FBI if they dare stand up to the teachers unions, which are crucial to the Democratic Party or throwing prolife protesters in prison even though they have not committed any acts of violence. They are true peaceful protesters.Trying to secrete agents in the Catholic Church and then trying to cover it up. This is a big deal, America, what they are doing and what they have been doing.And most of all, trying to put in prison and bankrupt their greatest threat politically which is Donald Trump and we know the Biden administration has had its hands in the Letitia James' case, in Alvin Bragg's case, in the Fani Willis case and of course, in the federal cases.This is the Democratic Party.Now, it is very important to understand that when they talk about the rich and they talk about you have a right to free healthcare -- none of that really matters to them. They know that if you fall for that, you're going to vote for them and they are going to become more and more powerful and even more, their administrative state is going to become more powerful.It will decide what medical treatment you get if any. It will decide which prescription drugs you get, if any. Does that work anywhere in the world? Pick any socialist/Marxist regime, even a fascist regime, does that work anywhere in the world? No.And of course, they are attacking your traditions. They are attacking America's values by attacking America's founding. We are told the country was not founded in 1776. Now, that's new -- no, 1619, you need to be reeducated. You need to understand this.We are told the Constitution of the United States was set up to protect slavery and White supremacy. Really? Where does that come from? It doesn't come from anywhere, it comes from their ideology, it is that simple.I want to read something to you very briefly because this professor said it better than I could. His name is Ted McAllister. He is a professor of Public Policy at Pepperdine University.A couple of years back he wrote: Today, we have a very different elite than America did as recently as the 1980s in terms of their nature, goals, ambitions, style, and ways of exercising power.He said, the deepest fact of our time is that America has a bad elite, a mendacious one whose skills, values goals, tastes, and types of knowledge are hostile to our nation's inherited cultures and pleural people.The new elite that has emerged in the last generation or two has no interest in preserving anything, but perhaps their own power. They lack historical knowledge and vision, which they supplant by or exchange for the power of transformation and change, intoxicated by the power possible with emerging technologies inspired by visions that only a deracinated globalist perspective could make attractive.This elite thinks of creative destruction as applied to the culture.He says, as winners in what they imagine to be a meritocratic struggle, they can see nothing of an inherited world worth preserving for their very success. The peculiar characteristics of the revolving power have given to her new elite the soul of adolescent arch applied to a global campus.They lack any experiential or historical ballast to weigh them down, to slow them in remaking everything according to their desires.For them, streamlining power is key to creation and the annoying obstacles to their new creations are not checks to prevent tyranny, but rather limitations, unnecessary friction in the headlong rush to transform.Now, when you look back last week at those three Democrat presidents, two ex and one current, that is who he is describing. When you look at Schumer, when you look at Sanders, when you look at Hakeem Jeffries, when you look at the whole bunch, that is what we are getting.Let me be abundantly clear, the new bourgeoisie, as Marx would put it is the Democratic Party.The new proletariat, that would be you and me and the hundreds of millions of Americans who are not represented by the ideological push in our media by the Democratic Party each and every day.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We have, in my view, the foremost expert on federal campaign law the former chairman of the Federal Election Commission, Bradley Smith, Capital University law professor founder of the Institute for Free Speech.And Brad, nobody better than to have you here. I had you here about a year ago, and so we need to underscore a point.The Alvin Bragg case rests on an effort to federalize state law to turn a misdemeanor, if there is one, into a felony based on a bizarre interpretation of a violation of federal finance law, federal campaign laws, one that was already tried interestingly enough by Jack Smith with John Edwards and fell flat.Do you want to explain to the American people the core of what Alvin Bragg attempt is with respect to federal election law?BRADLEY SMITH, CAPITAL UNIVERSITY LAW PROFESSOR: Sure.So to upgrade what would be a very routine misdemeanor in New York to a felony, the DA has to show that this misreporting as he alleges was done in order to conceal a crime. The crime he says that was being concealed was a violation of the Federal Election Campaign Act.And what he says that was, was that by paying money to Stormy Daniels for her silence that that amounted to a campaign expenditure and therefore was not properly reported under federal law and that jacks the whole state claim up to a felony.Now the problem with that is that federal law does not say anything you think might help you win an election is a campaign expense; rather, it is an objective test in which things like polling, paying for staff, paying for headquarters, paying for advertisements and so on, those are campaign expenses.And the law in fact specifically prohibit someone from using campaign expenses or making campaign expenses for personal use. That is to pay things that might help you like good looking clothes or plastic surgery or good looking haircut or a nice relaxing vacation so you're fresh on the trail. Country club membership, you can entertain, or settling nuisance business suits so that they are not an issue in the campaign. Those are all viewed as personal expenses and they are not something you can pay with campaign expenses.So, I think that is the problem that the DA has. He is trying to allege that these campaign expenses or I am sorry, these payments to Stormy Daniels were campaign expenses.And I think quite clearly, they exist from an obligation independent of Mr. Trump's campaign for president.You mentioned the Edwards case. We will go back to Edwards. This was tried a similar case with John Edwards. People remember, he ran for president back in the early 2000s. Edwards had supporters who spent money to support and keep quite a mistress whom he had gotten pregnant.And that went to trial. The jury ended up either hung or acquitting Edwards on a number of counts that that was -- you know, finding that that was not an offense under Federal Campaign Finance Law.LEVIN: But the theory is the same theory which is that if anything is done that may positively impact your campaign as opposed to negatively impacting your campaign and let's say it is -- then it is an illegal unreported corporate contribution, or in the case of Edwards, just an illegal contribution.And this is why people are saying that this is a preposterous case. It's sort of a -- it is a maze that you have to go through and follow, it is why the US Attorney's Office wanted nothing to do with it. It is why the prior district attorney wanted nothing to do with it.Bragg dusts it off, and he says, no, even though I'm a local DA, I'm going to pass judgment on Federal Campaign Laws which he has no jurisdiction to do, I am going to assert that this nondisclosure agreement that was provided, put in the wrong category as a legal expense, or maybe it should have been a business expense, and I am going to assert all that was done in violation of Federal Campaign Law in order to create a positive campaign image. Is that about right?SMITH: Yes, that is his theory. And by the way, Mark, also the Federal Election Commission chose to not act on this, and they, under the statute are supposed to be the primary interpreter of the law.And here is the thing about this is that had trump used campaign expenses to pay off Stormy Daniels and filed this as a report, you can pretty much bet your house that people on the left would be coming after him for misappropriating campaign funds to pay personal expenses.And in fact, even now, people on the left in the last week or so have released a spate of columns and commentary arguing that Trump cannot use campaign funds to pay this judgment against him in another preposterous suit and that this alleged civil fraud suit worth $450 million judgment or whatever it was.So, you have a sense that they were going to get Trump coming or going. If he paid for it with campaign money, they would say it was a personal use, a misuse of campaign funds, a felony; if he does not pay for it with campaign money, they went to say, ah, you didn't properly pay for it with campaign money and report it.You cannot have it both ways, and I think the DA's theory, ultimately, it is going to crash. He may win at trial there in New York and everything, but eventually, I don't see it standing.LEVIN: But in the case of John Edwards, it was more direct, even though it was not a violation of law. That is, donors did raise the money and provide it to protect Edwards from the negative publicity, in this case we have a state law, a reporting issue that I would argue is not even a misdemeanor.And then then you have the DA going into federal law where he has no jurisdiction, you just said the FEC -- the FEC that oversees it says no violation, the US Attorney doesn't want to do anything to do with it, the prior DA doesn't -- and he is twisting the law. He is twisting it to try and apply it to Donald Trump, so it is even in my view worse than a John Edwards case, no?SMITH: Well, I think it is and it is worse in yet another way which is in the Edwards' case, it is entirely clear that they were paying his supporters were paying this woman in order to protect his political viability. Whereas in the case of Mr. Trump, that was probably a consideration or at least, may have been a consideration.He also had a number of other considerations, of protecting his wife, his children, commercial interests and so on. So, yes, I just do not think that there is any real basis for alleging that this is a campaign expenditures.I always put it to the people, when you contribute money to a campaign is this what you expected to be spent on? The answer is no, it's a personal expense.LEVIN: When we come back, what is this hush money? They keep calling this hush money.Aren't nondisclosures agreements signed as a matter of routine throughout this country every day by corporations, including media corporations, including government officials like members of Congress, including the Judiciary. They keep calling it "hush money." Is it not a nondisclosure agreement? A routine contract when people are separated or make a deal?I want to pursue that with you when we return.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Jon Scott in New York.Crews in Baltimore working hard this Easter Holiday to remove thousands of tons of debris from the collapsed Francis Scott Key Bridge. Dive teams were in the river earlier today surveying parts of the bridge. They also checked over the massive cargo ship that rammed into it last week.Meanwhile, crews above the water continued to cut the bridge into pieces for removal. It could take weeks of cleanup to get the Port of Baltimore back open.Pope Francis calling for peace around the world this Easter. During his traditional blessing, the pontiff reiterated his plea for a ceasefire in Gaza and a prisoner exchange between Russia and Ukraine. He also prayed for regions in turmoil including Syria and Haiti.The 87-year-old appeared to be in good spirits after battling respiratory issues throughout the winter.I am Jon Scott now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I'm here with Bradley Smith, Capital Kaplan university law professor, former chairman of the Federal Election Commission. He founded the Institute for Free Speech.Bradley Smith, nondisclosure agreements, HR departments enter into those all the time, every day; media corporations who are calling this hush money. I noticed NBC has entered into nondisclosure agreements, most nondisclosure agreements are secret, so we don't even know if they entered into them. I see CNN has entered into them . All kinds of people enter into them.So, is it the effort here by the media and others, the Biden campaign to try and turn this into some kind of a treacherous evil event? He is trying to cover it up with hush money and then he uses corporate money and then he uses it in violation of federal campaign laws. Isn't this all bogus?SMITH: Yes, there is a lot of smoke and as you point out. Mark, I mean, hush money is just a pejorative term. You call lots of settlements hush money or you can call them settlements and nondisclosure agreements, and usually they are called the latter.And in this particular case for example, I draw the comparison that a businessman like Trump will always have a lot of lawsuits going against his various businesses.He may, at a particular point, tell his local counsel say look, I want you to settle that lawsuit. The guy says, no, it's a good case. He says, no, just settle it because I do not want it distracting from my political campaign.He is doing to it to help his political campaign, but does not make it a campaign expense. He could use his campaign funds to pay off that settlement with a nondisclosure agreement.So again that's the problem the DA has here. As you say, it is a lot of rhetoric, a lot of smoke, but if you really start boring into it and you start asking people, okay, where is the legal violation? And it becomes pretty flimsy.LEVIN: This case is also weird in another way. The US Attorney's Office drops a hundred thousand pages of documents three weeks before the judge sets the trial. The prosecution said, oh, that's not a problem. We weren't responsible for it. Biden's US Attorney's Office was responsible for it.Obviously, the defense counsel needs time to cull through all of that and perhaps do more discovery. Call witnesses, conduct other -- pursue other information that may come out of that.And yet the judge sets the date for three weeks. So, I look at the Sixth Amendment about competent counsel and all of these sorts of things -- what is the hurry? What is the rush here? Is it what we all think it is?SMITH: Well, I think people will put their own thoughts on why the rush is there, but I think it's fairly apparent that Bragg wants to get a scalp in the midst of the campaign and hang that up as a trophy.You are right. The case was supposed to begin trial on March 25th. It has been moved to April 15th. That's not a lot of time to review 100,000 pages of documents. Trump's attorneys asked for more, but the judge decided that that was enough. So I guess they are planning to go ahead in the middle of this month.LEVIN: I see these courts all over the country, they are in a big hurry. I have never seen anything like this. You know, in the old days, I used to litigate, you did. I was more appellate than district court action, but still, there are processes in place and cases could take years, particularly when you're talking about a hundred thousand pages of documents, somebody's actual liberty.Courts were very differential. They were concerned not just about appearance, but actual due process, actual right to have competent counsel to actually do these things.The courts would bend over backwards for defendants. I just feel that the courts are bending over backwards for the prosecution and I do not think it is any surprise that these cases are coming in one Democrat city after another, after another.I'm not asking you to comment on that, I'm just telling the public this is not normal. This is not regular procedure what is taking place.There is no reason for a judge to say, no, you only have three weeks when the defense counsel is asking for 60 or 90 days, when everybody is looking at the calendar and the election, when in fact that's not what they should be looking at, they should be looking at the law books and the Constitution.This case is a particularly pernicious because in my view, we have been here and we have done that, and even the Department of Justice said after the John Edwards case, after Jack Smith lost that case, it was not going to bring charges again where the jury was hung.They said drop it. It is not cutting it.And yet here, it is still being pursued. Final comment.SMITH: Yes, Mark, you know, DA Bragg in this case waited, I think it was on was a year before even bringing the charges and I think that's because the chargers were flimsy.As you pointed out, the prior DA had said, no, we are not going to bring this. The DOJ said no. The Federal Election Commission said no, and when he got increased political pressure, he brought the case, but that brings up the question.You know, you let it sit there for a long time and now, there is such a hurry that you can't give the defense attorneys another three weeks to pour through 100,000-page document drop.I do think it raises some problematic issues, but again, apparently, Judge Merchan disagrees and he is the man in charge at this point.LEVIN: Yes, all of these local elected Democrat judges are in charge. Surprise, surprise.Bradley Smith, I want to thank you. God bless you, my friend.SMITH: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We have a great guest, Lee Zeldin with us. Former Congressman, former candidate for governor of New York, God knows New York would be a wonderful place if he had been elected. But that said, Lee Zeldin, in the last six months, we have seen an explosion of antisemitism in our country, as if the Islamists who are backed by Hamas, Students for Justice in Palestine, all of these efforts, the Marxists on college campuses, the faculty, imams all over the country were kind of waiting for this moment, and there they are: Israel is brutally attacked, its people are brutalized, monstrously brutalized.And it was as if it is a signal for all of these elements, mostly on the East Coast and West Coast, in Chicago by the way, because the latest survey says 80 percent of the American people support Israel. But 80 percent of our colleges, our media, and the Democratic Party do not support Israel, do they?LEE ZELDIN, FORMER US REPRESENTATIVE: No, what we are seeing on the streets, we are seeing in schools, on college campuses, in the Halls of Congress, you have all of these people who looked at October 7th as a rallying cry. They did not get motivated to want to stand up and crush Hamas, but they were expressing long-held beliefs that are not just anti- Israel, a lot of just a blatant antisemitic thoughts that have now been shown in a way that has intimidated the Jewish population here in our country.We have seen it now exposed where all the paths have crossed when the presidents of these Ivy League universities will come testify in front of the House Committee and ask the simple question like whether or not calling for genocide of jews violate your Code of Conduct and they cannot give a straight answer.I think that what we have now seen at this point as November's election is closely approaching is that the Democratic Party instead of choosing to leave these elements of their party, they are being led by it.They care more about winning Michigan than saying and doing the right thing. And now, people who have claimed to be lifelong friends of Israel are actively calling for the overthrow of the Israeli government while they are trying to respond to this existential threat to our country.So, I see this getting worse not better here within our own country, and for the Jewish population here in the United States, it is something that we need to step up and speak out on.We need to singularly emphatically and forcefully crush antisemitism in any form because even if you are silent, you are elevating, empowering, and embracing it even if you do not want to embrace it.LEVIN: So, why did Joe Biden not raise it at the State of the Union speech? Why does Joe Biden not deal with it when he is confronted with the Islamists at these various events? In fact, he throws in with them.Why is Joe Biden funding terrorism in the Middle East through UNRWA with Hamas and funding billions into the PLO despite the fact that they give pensions to terrorists who kill Israelis and Americans?Why is it that Biden has allowed over $100 billion to flow into the military coffers of Iran, which is selling oil to her enemy, China? Why is it that Biden put his foot on Netanyahu's throat and yet embraces all of these horrific elements in our country and overseas?What the hell is wrong with this guy?ZELDIN: We have not forgotten that just weeks before October 7th, we had the release of billions of dollars to Iran on September 11th, not September 12th or September 13th, but releasing billions of dollars to Iran on the anniversary of September 11, 2001 terrorist attack.What's happening? You ask me about the State of the Union address and some of the rhetoric that is now coming out of President Biden and the White House, is that they are concerned that they might lose states like Michigan, they are seeing that uncommitted vote that came out of Michigan during the Democratic primary.They have an erosion of support within their own party and they are trying to stop the bleeding and they are willing to throw Israel under the bus. They are willing to throw the Jewish population under the bus in order to be able to win power in November. That is trumping all else.The other problem is, is that President Biden has chosen to put people in his administration who support the Palestinian position in targeting Israel. They do not support Israel.They do not want to see the United States vetoing at the UN Security Council a resolution that is condemning Israel. Israel has existential thought that they have to crush Hamas. They need to eliminate this threat there are hostages right now.The idea that Israel is just going to unilaterally disarm and decide that they will sign up for a ceasefire while Hamas has pledged that they will not rest beyond their last breath in eliminating Israel off of the map. Israel has no choice.And what is so outrageous and infuriating and sad is we are supposed to be a great reliable strong ally that values this bond rather than actually leading an effort right now globally to turn countries all across this globe against Israel.It is a drastic change that is not happening based on merit. It is not happening because of a good strong moral compass on the part of President Biden and his team, it is because of polling inside of states like Michigan. That is why they're stabbing Israel in the back, that's why Chuck Schumer is stabbing Israel in the back.And I don't want to hear any of these Democratic politicians declaring themselves to be lifelong friends of Israel. The fact is Chuck Schumer has proven that his lifelong pledge and loyalty is to Chuck Schumer.That is why he took the floor going after Israel. It has something to do with the lifelong pledge to be a friend of Israel. He has proven he is anything but.LEVIN: Brilliantly put, when we come back, I want to explore this a little further because I think it actually now goes beyond politics.There is no reason that Biden should be funding Iran. He does not get any votes for that. There is no reason that Biden needs to go to the extent that he is going to eviscerate the elected government of Israel. There is no reason that he pounces now on his lifelong ambition to create a terrorist Palestinian state in Israel's ancestral homeland that will become an Iranian satellite state.It is as if he is purposefully taking a match to the Middle East, purposefully taking a match to the state of Israel. Israel cannot survive if it embraces American policy, it would be suicidal.I want to pursue that further when we return.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Joe Biden is now cutting off specific arms that Israel has requested while he is funding Iran and nobody is cutting off arms to Iran. He is funding Hamas, through UNRWA, nobody is cutting off arms to Hamas, except the Israelis.Hezbollah is poised to attack Israel, so in other words, Iran is pushing all of its of buttons while it is pursuing and developing and will achieve a nuclear weapon.Biden is not doing anything to Iran. He is not doing anything about the nuclear weapon. Here at home, day after day, we have these little Kristallnacht going on in our country. It is his party. It is his voters.As you said, he wants in Michigan, Minnesota and other states. He wants to bring back his voters. These Jew haters, these antisemites who are saying these things and doing these things are his voters.Is the Democratic Party so corrupt, is it so immoral, is it so focused on power that country comes second? That morality comes second? That everything else comes second except raw power? Is that what is going on?ZELDIN: Spot on. That is exactly what is happening is that they are trying to win in November and right now, they have too many Democrat voters who have turned on Joe Biden.They look at approval ratings. They look at favorability ratings. And they decide that math does not work in some of the swing states if they do not adjust their strategy towards Israel and Iran, like right now, President Biden and his administration, they are treating Iran like Israel and Israel like Iran.President Biden inherited a maximum pressure campaign on Iran that was working, inherited it from President Trump, and you see people surrounding President Biden who are there surrounding President Obama just years prior, and they want to put back that Obama legacy.It was not a good one to trying to put together. It was the fatally flawed Iran Nuclear Deal. It was the UN Security Council resolution December of 2016 essentially seeking to ethnically cleanse Judea and Samaria of Jews.And then, we all remember of 2017, just weeks before President Trump got sworn into office, John Kerry goes overseas for a 90-minute lecture of Israel. President Trump comes in, Abraham Accords, moved the embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, signed the Taylor Force Act into law to cut off taxpayer funding towards entities that went to financial reward terror.President Biden comes into office and he is rolling so much back on the policy, but what we are seeing as far as it being sped up in the recent weeks, it is not just solely based on trying to put a failed legacy back together from pre-Trump days, this is about pandering to a bloc of the Democratic vote to stop bleeding in polling.And I think what is going to happen is they are going to end up with an even deeper cut in another part of their body because there are a whole lot of other people who actually do support Israel.They do want a strong relationship. They do not want to see the Jewish population in this country thrown under the bus and they do want what they know to be morally right.So, this strategy, it is wrong on the merit. It is certainly wrong in the politics in my position. and I think that it is just for anyone who is pursuing power in this country, in this greatest country in the history of the world. It is worth going down and losing an election, doing the right thing.Unfortunately, that is not something that these Democrats are willing to do. I would rather lose an election fighting for what is right then pandering to this bloc of vote, taking to the streets using October 7th as a rallying cry towards action.LEVIN: I agree with that. I do think it goes a bit further. I do think that there are true believers in this administration, as you pointed out, they work for Obama. These are true believers who do not believe that the state of Israel is a legitimate state.These are true believers who believe that Israel is an oppressive regime even though it only asks to defend itself. They are true believers who believe the propaganda of the Muslim Brotherhood, of Hamas and Islamic Jihad, of Iran, and they are of course true believers and that would include the Secretary of State, Mr. Blinken. That would include his former now disgraced envoy. Mr. Malley, who were giving the ship away, the store aware to the Iranians and they build nuclear weapons and they are going to get nuclear weapons funded by us. They had a military that again, that has been funded by us.President Trump threw them on their back, had his foot on their throat, and Joe Biden gave them CPR and that does not explain the politics in our country.There is something ideological going on here and it is very dangerous, it is called the realignment. They want to realign the Middle East. They do not want Israel to be the most powerful force.They are okay with Iran getting nuclear weapons to create a balance. They believe that Israel should be carved up, that it is an illegitimate state.This is what Obama believes. This is what the Marxists believe. This is what the radicals in the Democratic Party believe.So yes, it is for power, but it is also because they hate the state of Israel. We have to accept that fact.Joe Biden is part of it. Joe Biden is leading it. Whether he's got three brain cells or not, it does not much matter, it is through him and his office that they are doing it and he is the one responsible for it.The fact he will not open his mouth to condemn his voters about what they are saying in the streets, what they are promoting in the streets, what they are doing on our college campuses, what they are doing in Hollywood says everything we need to know about Joe Biden -- he was a racist segregationist early in his career, and today as history will point out, in my view he is an antisemite.Congressman, I want to thank you very much. Lee Zeldin, you are a good man. God bless you, brother.ZELDIN: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.The nine of the top ten wealthiest counties in America are represented by Democrats. Sixty-four percent of the poorest counties in America are represented by Republicans. Did you know that?The reason the Democrats are able to raise so much money is because the corporatists and the billionaires stand with them, with some exceptions and they want to raise so much money, like we've never seen before because they know their candidate has problems speaking, because they know what we know, that he shouldn't be anywhere close to the White House, let alone, the Oval Office.But I want to invite now, publicly, President Biden to come on this program for a friendly interview. Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, Chuck Schumer, Antony Blinken and Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders, Hakeem Jeffries, AOC, the whole crowd -- just one of you, take me up, and I promise you that I will be nice.I will see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.