MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: But I want to invite now, publicly, President Biden to come on this program for a friendly interview. Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, Chuck Schumer, Antony Blinken and Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders, Hakeem Jeffries, AOC, the whole crowd -- just one of you, take me up, and I promise you that I will be nice.I will see you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening, and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.How would you like a job where you shoulder the responsibility, but have little control? Where you're expected to swallow the blame, but share the success? Where you don't hire your co-workers and have little means to reward or punish or discipline, a job where you spend most of your spare time raising money for colleagues, some of whom have short memories?The speaker of the House is third in line for the presidency, but first in line for the blame, even in divided government when you only have one-half of one-third of the control.Congressman Mike Johnson was content working on the issues that mattered most to him and the people of Louisiana, but when Kevin McCarthy was ousted by eight Republicans, Congressman Mike Johnson became Speaker Mike Johnson.You will not find a colleague with a negative word to say about him personally, but he presides over a razor-thin majority, getting smaller by the day in a political environment that rewards fame over work and volume over depth.Already, he has faced colleagues who voted to keep Republican bills off the floor, and now one colleague filed a Motion to Vacate the chair yet again.So what are realistic expectations for a speaker with a bare majority and divided government immersed in a political world that craves drama over incremental progress?Let's find out.The Speaker of the House Mike Johnson of the great state of Louisiana joins us now.Happy Easter. Welcome to you, Mr. Speaker. It's great to see you again.Realistic expectations, what are realistic expectations when you only have one-half of one-third of government? And that includes GOP members from districts where Joe Biden actually won?REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Yes, you defined it pretty well, you just described the modern Congress, and that is the environment in which we have to perform.Happy Easter, Trey. Thanks for having me on.There are a lot of things that we really wish more of the American people understood. You know, this is not an easy job right now, as you noted, but we will get it done.Look, we have the smallest majority, literally right now in US history. We have a one-vote margin. You saw the numbers there that are divided. But when you do the math, to get a majority vote, I can only lose one.So we're not going to get the legislation that we all desire and prefer. If we had the Senate and we had the White House, if Republicans were in charge as we were several years ago, we would be doing the things we want to do.But right now, oftentimes, we have to play defense. We've got to stop the Biden agenda. And by God's grace, we've been able to do that. I mean, that's what our majority is used for.But there's three things we need to do right now, Trey, and this is, I'm trying to be an ambassador of hope on Easter Sunday, right? Look, we can do this job, and we can grow the majority. And we have to do that to save the Republic, that's clear.In the November elections, we can do it.But what we have to do is three simple things, we have to show the American people what we're for, not just what we're against. We have to be able to stand for those core principles and explain and show the contrast between us and the radical leftists that are destroying every metric of public policy.Number two, we have to unite, we have to stand together. Because when we do that, especially with a razor-thin majority as we have, we'll have better negotiation in the back room. We'll be able to have greater standing when we argue with the Democrats about it.Third, look, we've got to drive our conservative agenda and get the incremental wins that are still possible right now.We are for securing the border, standing up to China, unleashing American energy, saving American jobs, doing the things that the American people want us to do. But we've got to realize I can't throw a Hail Mary pass on every single play. It is three yards and a cloud of dust, right? We've got to get the next first down, keep moving, and we'll do that and we can show the American people what we're for.GOWDY: You know, you've always been a person of hope and faith, which is why I enjoy talking to you while we were colleagues, because I'm a hopeless cynic, and you actually are hopeful.Let's go to one issue. There are members who want to provide aid or a loan to Ukraine and others who do not. So as the Speaker of the House, how do you decide what to put on the floor? How much of the majority is enough and when to put it on the floor?JOHNSON: Yes, great question.Look what we have to do in an era of divided government historically, as we are, you've got to build consensus. If we want to move a partisan measure, I've got to have every single member, literally, and some things need to be bipartisan.Now, we are talking about the supplemental that everybody has heard so much about, which is the thing that the president presented several months ago. He called it the National Security Supplemental and he included Ukraine, Israel, the Taiwan, Indo Pacific region and also the border and we said thank you, Mr. President because we've all said, if we're going to talk about national security, it begins at our own border, and so we've been trying to use that as the only leverage we have to force change on the border.We're still trying to force the president to use his executive authority and most of the American people know that he has that authority, but he is not using it because they opened the border intentionally.But when it comes to the supplemental, we've been working to build that consensus. We've been talking to all the members, especially now over the district work period. When we return after this work period, we'll be moving a product, but it's going to I think, have some important innovations.The REPO Act, you know, if we can use the seized assets of Russian oligarchs to allow the Ukrainians to fight them, that's just pure poetry. Even President Trump has talked about the loan concept where we set up, we're not just giving foreign aid, we are setting up in our relationship where they can provide it back to us when the time is right.And then, you know, we want to unleash American energy. We want to have natural gas exports that will help unfund Vladimir Putin's war effort there.You know, there's a lot of things that we should do that make more sense and that I think we will have consensus around. We're putting that product together and we will be moving it right after the district work period.GOWDY: Speaker, there is a pending Motion to Vacate from a member from Georgia which sort of illustrates where we are politically. We lost two Senate seats in Georgia, Republicans did, two eminently winnable Senate seats.I would think members' time would be better spent looking to reclaim those two GOP -- those two Senate seats in Georgia as opposed to hanging the sword of Damocles over your head, but you're on Easter recess right now. How does it help the GOP razor thin majority to be talking about a Motion to Vacate instead of talking about the border or inflation or other issues that are better for the GOP? How does this Motion to Vacate help win back the majority or win a bigger majority?JOHNSON: I don't think it does, and I think that all of my other Republican colleagues recognize this is a distraction from our mission. Again, the mission is to save the Republic. And the only way we can do that is if we grow the House Majority, win the Senate and win the White House. So we don't need any dissension right now.Look, Marjorie Taylor Greene filed the motion. It's not a privilege motion, so it doesn't move automatically. It's just hanging there. And she is frustrated. She and I exchanged text messages even today. We're going to talk early next week.Marjorie is a friend. She is very frustrated about, for example, the last appropriations bills. Guess what? So am I as we discussed, Trey. These are not the perfect pieces of legislation that you and I and Marjorie would draft if we had the ability to do it differently.But with the smallest margin in US history, we're sometimes going to get legislation that we don't like. And the Democrats know that when we don't all stand together, with our razor thin majority, then they have a better negotiation position, and that's why we've got some of the things we didn't like.Now we fought like warrior poets to keep some of those Senate appropriations or some of the Senate earmarks out of the bill and we were successful in getting a lot of the terrible stuff out, but if some made it through, and that's what Marjorie is upset about, and I am too, but I want to talk with her about reforming the budget in its spending process going forward. That's what Republicans are for. That's the transformational kind of changes that we can forge if we all stand together.GOWDY: I would just remind people that Congressman Mike Johnson did not run for speaker the first time, the second time, the third time, I mean, he was drafted. So he was truly a reluctant leader.If there is such a thing left anymore, that's what you are. You have an impossibly difficult job.Happy Easter you and your family. Thank you for joining us on Easter Sunday.JOHNSON: Thanks, brother. Be blessed.GOWDY: You, too.Up next, the peacock got its feathers ruffled, actually the feathers all turned blue. Joe Concha joins us on the hiring and firing of Ronna McDaniel.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.That didn't last long, like a Hollywood marriage, NBC divorced former RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel while people were still dancing at the reception. Not everyone was dancing, some were telling us how virtuous they are, forgetting their own past and present.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: Our democracy is in danger because of the lies that people like Ronna McDaniel have pushed on this country.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: We weren't asked our opinion of the hiring, but if we were, we would have strongly objected to it for several reasons.CHUCK TODD, MSNBC HOST: She has credibility issues that she still has to deal with. Is she speaking for herself or is she speaking on behalf of who's paying her?RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: You wouldn't hire a pickpocket to work as a TSA screener, and so I find the decision to put her on the payroll inexplicable.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: I've spoken to the lead singer of U2 more times than I've spoken to Ronna McDaniel. We did run in the same circles, rarely crossed paths, but this isn't about her. It's about whether we want to create echo chambers wherein all we hear is what ratifies and validates what we already believe.Over 70 million people voted for Donald Trump last election. He won the presidency four years earlier with over 60 million votes. He is the GOP nominee again for the third time.So how many commentators on CNN or NBC or CBS or MSNBC can explain why? Regardless of whether you like Trump, voted for him, or ever will, tens of millions of Americans have and will, so why eliminate their voices?Last month on Super Tuesday night, I spoke with Juan Williams, Jessica Tarlov and Harold Ford, Jr. Those are not Biden-opposing Democrats. Those are not Lincoln Project Democrats. Those are not Democrats who really talk and act like Republicans. So why are some other networks filling their slots exclusively with Trump-opposing Republicans?If you want to know why someone supports Donald Trump, if you want to understand how the other side thinks, why not ask them? And how can you ever do that if you never hear from them?If you claim to want the truth, you've got to confront it and cross examine it and challenge it, expose it, but don't ignore it.Joining us now is Fox News contributor, Joe Concha.Joe, they can hire whoever they want. I struggle to name commentators on other networks who have actually ever voted for Donald Trump or ever will again, so where are those 70 million voices?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Seventy million voices, and to your point, Trey, even if you don't like Donald Trump, maybe just maybe you agree with him on his position on immigration and the border and you'll never hear an argument supporting the things that Donald Trump supports as far as wall construction, remain-in-Mexico on MSNBC, you're only going to hear one side to your point.And again, this is -- I've studied journalism for a long time. We had people like John Chancellor, David Brinkley, Roger Mudd, Tim Russert. These are the type of legends that used to occupy NBC's news division and we're a long way from that credibility because as it stands now, if I'm a Republican, I would call for NBC to never host another major debate again.If I am a supporter of Donald Trump, I'll never go on "Meet the Press" again, because if this is their view they have around any Republican who isn't a Never Trumper, the kind of Lincoln Project so-called Republican that openly roots for Democrats to win, then how could anyone outside of staunch liberals ever trust a news division that has such a patent disdain not just for the party, but to your point, for roughly half the voters in this country?So that's where we're at, at this point where they always talk about diversity and how much they celebrate diversity at places like NBC and CNN, but they don't celebrate the most important diversity of all, Trey, and that is the diversity of thought and the exchange of ideas.GOWDY: You know, Joe, to me, as I analyze it, it is not even a free speech issue. These are private companies, they can slant their coverage, however, they want to slant it. It's a business issue.To your point, why would you rule out 70 million voting age -- voting age Americans who actually like either Donald Trump, his policies or both. I, just from a business model standpoint, do not understand it.CONCHA: And they talk about saving democracy. Well, that's awfully undemocratic to only have one side, right? Like Pyongyang, their newscasts, I'm sure are like that and MSNBC really is no different than something you would see in North Korea or the old Soviet Union.And look, this isn't a one-off by the way, Trey. Just last year, CNN attempted to move to the center, right? And you see the numbers up on the screen as far as trust and it's not very good, at its lowest ever. But CNN last year tried to move to the center. They hired a new president, and they had the audacity to host a townhall for Donald Trump and we saw what happened there, the same on-air mutiny, the unhinged reactions just for putting the leading vote getter for the GOP nominee at the time and that president, Chris Licht, was ousted from the network.We saw it over at 'The New York Times." Senator Tom Cotton, former military, he writes an op-ed for "The New York Times," makes a perfectly sane argument that the National Guard should be called in when riots get out of control in American cities, and the newsroom somehow calls the piece racist, they revolt publicly.And the editor, James Bennett, who only won you know, a Pulitzer so what does he know -- he gets ousted. The piece is taken down. Management in all of these places has the backbone of a jellyfish and the newsrooms are the ones with the power, apparently than the people that they work for in management because again, once they go public with this stuff, it seems like all these people at 30 Rock or CNN or "The New York Times" don't know how to handle it so they do the cowardly thing and fire people for just doing their jobs.GOWDY: You know, Joe, you mentioned "The New York Times," "The Washington Post" Republican was Jennifer Rubin, who to the best of my recollection, hasn't liked a Republican since Abraham Lincoln. "The New York Times" has not endorsed a Republican since Dwight David Eisenhower.I mean, Dwight Eisenhower was a -- while the rest of the country was voting for Ronald Reagan, "The New York Times" was not even endorsing him, so are they just not interested in having Republicans subscribe or watch or listen? I mean, what explains Jennifer Rubin being the conservative voice at "The Washington Post"?CONCHA: To your point, wouldn't it be a good business decision to have viewpoints from the left, right, center and then objective news down the middle where people can make their own decisions about a particular report without an opinion being incorporated into it? Wouldn't that get you more readers?And that's why we're seeing layoffs at so many of these places at this point, because the business model just does not work. And I'll tell you one better as far as endorsements are concerned. Do you know, Trey, that "The Washington Post" has never endorsed a Republican presidential candidate in its history.So to your point, that means they endorsed Carter, not once, but twice, they endorsed Walter Mondale who won exactly one state, Minnesota, and Reagan probably could have won that if he wanted to. They endorsed people like John Kerry, or Al Gore, or Joe Biden, so if they are really in touch with the country, it doesn't show it in their endorsements.And again, these newsrooms are completely controlled by liberals, and if you're a conservative, you're not going to get that promotion. Or if your reporter tries to do an objective job, you're not going to get that next contract because readers will revolt and other people in the newsroom will revolt, so people just keep quiet if they are conservative, or at least even down the middle, because they know they won't survive in those ecosystems if they don't conform to the narrative, Trey.GOWDY: Joe Concha, if you want "The Washington Post" to like you and you're a Republican, unfortunately you have to die, and even then it's not for sure.Thank you, Joe, for joining us on a Sunday night.CONCHA: That's true. Great to see you, Trey. Take care.GOWDY: Thank you.One percent of American makes over $400,000.00 a year, has a postgraduate degree and lives in a private neighborhood. Joe Biden has an 82 percent approval rating with them, which is much higher than he does with the rest of the country. The rest are viewed as needing to be educated or enlightened or changed or corrected and that leads to derision and division.The middle class used to be spoken of with respect, and now it seems belittled or ignored. Is this the real divide in our country? What caused it? And what will it take to bridge it?Joining us is American Enterprise Institute senior fellow, Christine Rosen.Welcome, Christine.That was a fascinating piece you wrote. So let me just start: Is the middle class a group, a voting bloc, an ideology, a dream? How do you view the term middle class?CHRISTINE ROSEN, SENIOR FELLOW, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: That's a good question because it is hard to define.I think it's more an idea and an ideal. And by that, I mean, it's the solid middle of the country, the leavening force between the low and the high and I think I would call it common sense American values -- patriotism, hard work, meritocracy -- the kinds of things that I think for a long time we all took for granted. But that now, particularly in our politics, we don't see anyone engaging with this group, and this group is becoming more disenchanted with the way the system works and they are looking around for political leadership and not finding it.GOWDY: Is there a difference in your judgment in the values perceived, taught, encouraged between the upper one percent and what is called the middle class? I mean, is there a divide even in what is valued within those groups?ROSEN: Yes, absolutely. I mean, we have data on this. There have been some studies that have looked at these sort of elite, highly educated, upper classes, the elite, the wealthiest classes, and they believe in things like for example, carbon taxes, limiting people's ability to consume meat, drive combustion engine cars, fly wherever they want to fly in the name of -- because of climate change, for example.Very different values with regard to patriotism, and to what this country should stand for and what its role in the world is. And these are serious issues, because it's from that upper, highly educated elite class that the leaders of our institutions come from in the media, academic institutions, cultural institutions.So what we're finding is a real divide among what most people think and believe and their values, and what our educated elite who run our institutions value, that divide is growing.GOWDY: Let's listen to the president's press secretary together and then I'll ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)MARK GARRISON, NEWS DIRECTOR, 99.3 WBT CHARLOTTE: Gas prices and grocery prices. They are big topics here in North Carolina. How does Mr. Biden win votes when people don't have as much disposable income?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Now you're asking me about gas prices. The president took action on gas prices. Let's not forget Russia's invasion on Ukraine.Eggs, milk, seafood, products, all the important groceries, those costs have gone down because of what this president has been able to do.And with that, thank you so much, Mark. Have an amazing, amazing day.GARRISON: Wow. Wow. She hung up. Wow.(END AUDIO CLIP)GOWDY: Now, to be fair, maybe even the media doesn't like talking to the media, so I want to care about that. The one percent, the upper one percent, they don't have to worry about gas prices. I mean, someone who has $100,000.00 to spend taking a picture at a political event doesn't worry about what groceries cost. So how can this chiasm be bridged?ROSEN: Well, I think not by the way the press secretary did with her amazing, amazing dodge to that important question.One of the things that I think this administration doesn't examine enough is that most people remember five years ago, even six or seven years ago when it comes to their family budget, so when they sit down, and they think about what they can afford as a family, whether that's their weekly grocery bill, their gas bill, their housing prices, they remember a time when they're income stretched a little further, when they could afford to send their kids say to camp for a couple of weeks in the summer, and this year, they can't.And it isn't just COVID, because I think that's something the Biden administration has leaned heavily on, this idea that COVID was so disruptive, and now we're getting back on same footing economically, that has not been the experience of many American families. They are still struggling to make ends meet, their paychecks do not go as far as they used to.And when you hear elite educated folks like our press secretary tell us, oh, don't worry about that or that's all in your head, that's condescending, and in a sense, it's kind of gaslighting the American people when it comes to their experience, day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to- month.GOWDY: Christine Rosen, I want to thank Dana Perino, she sent me your article and it was fascinating, and I encourage everyone to read it and I thank you for coming on and joining us on a Sunday night.ROSEN: Thank you so much, Trey.GOWDY: Coming up, a New York City police officer was murdered by a career criminal with 21 prior arrests. So the left's idea of reimagining crime has lethal consequences.Criminologist, Barry Latzer joins SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Ashley Strohmier in New York.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu once again rejecting calls for an early election. This, after thousands of protesters took to the streets this weekend demanding he step down. They are also demanding the release of all hostages in Gaza.Netanyahu claims the elections would only help Hamas and derail ongoing hostage negotiations. He also continues to stress that a ground invasion in Gaza's crowded Rafah City is necessary to defeat Hamas. More protests are expected in the coming days.Turning to this now, police in Nashville are on the manhunt for the gunman who opened fire at a coffee shop during Easter Sunday brunch. One person was killed, four others were hurt. Witnesses say the incident started as an argument between two men, then one of them pulled out a gun. The shooter reportedly left the scene in a car.I'm Ashley Strohmier. Now back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA. For all of your headlines, log on to foxnews.com.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The second conversation is even harder than the first. The one where you have to explain to that second set of parents or spouses, family, friends why the system failed, why a killer was out on bond while why someone served a short prison sentence, was paroled, the case was dismissed or plea bargained.New York City Police Officer Jonathan Diller was killed by someone with nearly two dozen prior arrest, who had served time for a violent crime, and law-abiding people are increasingly asking how and why.How does someone unlawfully in the country remain here to commit more crimes? Why is someone with a violent past in possession of a firearm he used to kill a police officer?Barry Latzer is a criminologist and emeritus professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice, and he joins us now.Welcome, Professor.Our system is reactive more so than proactive, something bad happens and the system reacts to it. That is of little comfort to the families of those victimized by career criminals. So is there a way to be more proactive when it comes to preventing crime?BARRY LATZER, CRIMINOLOGIST AND EMERITUS PROFESSOR, JOHN JAY COLLEGE OF CRIMINAL JUSTICE: Trey, I'm delighted to be with you and my response to you is predicting who will repeat their offenses is somewhat difficult. The best indicator though, Trey is that they've repeated their offenses in the past. The people now in prison, not jail now, but prison are in there for very serious offenses and it is not uncommon for each of the men in there to have 10 or 11 arrests prior to their imprisonment.So the system does release people who are risky, who are high risks for repeating and that is a source of problem for us, the source of the problem for us, when you get these awful crimes, these violent crimes.GOWDY: Professor, let's listen to the mayor of New York together, and then I'll ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: Can I say it any clearer? It is the good guys against the bad guys. This is what you call, not a crime problem, a recidivism problem. Same bad people doing bad things to good people. Less than a year, he is back on the streets with another gun.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: He is right. There are more good people than bad. I'm not a hundred percent sure what he means by it's not a crime problem, but a recidivism problem. It sounds to me like it is both, it is a crime being committed by to your point people who have committed crimes in the past.So other than then lengthy prison sentences or mandatory education programs, is there something that can be done? You drew a distinction between jail and prison. For people who don't know that distinction, jail is usually pre-adjudication or a small sentence. Prison is post- adjudication, a longer sentence.Is there something that can be done during the period of incarceration to make us safer when they're released?LATZER: I'm exploring this question right now, Trey. My next book is going to be on rehabilitation. I must tell you, I am not hopeful what I've researched and learned so far, is that rehabilitation does not work very well for these repeat offenders who are in prison, where we run the programs inside the prisons.I am leaning toward a position, I haven't finalized yet, but I'm leaning towards the position that we need to use more electronic monitoring of people released on parole and parole, of course, means that they've served time, the sentence was foreshortened, and they are released to the parole officers, to parole agents.I think those guys need more electronic monitoring to better ensure that they won't repeat their offenses.As for your first point, you're absolutely right. You can't just look at the people who are repeating, because there are always new recruits to crime. New young fellows reach the age of 18 commit crimes, and of course, this may be their first offense, but it could be a violent offense and we need to deal with that as well.And finally, as to what we could do to prevent it: We need to rely on law enforcement. I know that the progressives don't like to hear that. They want long-term solutions, reducing poverty, reducing racism, improving the social welfare system, by which they mean of course spending more money.But these are medium to long-term solutions, and in the short term, there is no substitution for having more police on the streets, for having a beefed up law enforcement system. And by the way, we've proven this because when the system was beefed up, when crime was at its height in the 80s in the 90s, the late 80s and the early 90s, the beefed up system reduce crime, and that reduction, by the way is still effective now.But nonetheless, we need to address our problems with law enforcement solutions. The remediation solutions, the rehabilitation solutions are just not that effective.GOWDY: Well, we'll end by me making the left mad so they're mad at me and not you. Some people cannot be fixed and they just need to be separated from society for the remainder of their natural lives, or at least until they quit committing crimes to reach a certain point age. But that's me that said that, and not the professor.We look forward to seeing your new research and thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.LATZER: It is a pleasure, Trey. Thank you so much.GOWDY: Yes, sir. Up next, Biden-Netanyahu relations are chilly. Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo joins us to weigh in next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The rift between the Biden ministration and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seems to be growing. The US abstained from a UN vote calling for a ceasefire in Gaza, so the resolution passed, yes, Russia and China voted to lecture Israel on aggression and civilian casualties.Netanyahu cancelled an Israeli delegation visit to Washington shortly thereafter. White House spokesperson John Kirby said the US vote or lack thereof does not represent a shift in supporting Israel, but it sure does seem like it, doesn't it?Joining us is former Secretary of State and Fox News contributor, Mike Pompeo.Mr. Secretary, welcome. It's so nice to see you again.So Russia and China vote for a ceasefire with Israel and the US sits on its hands. How is that not a shift in US policy towards Israel?MIKE POMPEO, FOX NEW CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: We'll Trey, it is t's great to be with you on this special day. We're talking about Israel, right, the place where these events transpired on this special day.And what the United States did, by allowing that resolution to pass was we were rewarded Hamas, we rewarded the terrorists what they did on October 7th. And so the Iranians, the Russians, and the Chinese are happy and our Israeli partners are under even more difficult circumstances than they were before.This was a major event. I don't know why the Biden administration let this happen. maybe it's US domestic politics. I hope it's not the case, it sure looks like it. But make no mistake about it, Israel now recognizes that their friend, their ally, their long-term committed partner, is not going to stand with them in the way that they need to in this true time of crisis.GOWDY: You know, Mr. Secretary, you put your finger on the question I think most people are asking, which is the question of why. I mean, it's been six months, only six months since Hamas invaded Israel and killed scores of innocent civilians, including women and children.So what is the statute of limitations on a country defending itself against a terrorist group? The US spends decades doing it, and apparently six months is all Israel gets.POMPEO: It's truly remarkable trade to watch the Biden administration, who was frankly really good in the opening days, October 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th. But in the meantime, has now come to listen to this pro-Hamas wing of their own political party where they are -- you know, the president is going to events, he is hearing from protesters.But instead of articulating why it matters to Americans, why having an ally in a partner like Israel matters to the lives of every single American, why it is the right thing to do, he simply begins to cave in ways that will undermine American security.Your point about six months is well taken. You know, the storyline has become that the Israelis are somehow behaving in a way that is immoral. Nothing could be further from the truth. You and I know how the Americans fight. We know how the Israelis fight. They're doing everything they can to protect these civilians, and it is Iran and Hamas that are putting these civilian lives at risk.I can't explain why the Biden administration restriction has so quickly caved to this minority wing of their party. Maybe, Trey, it is because it's not that small inside their party, maybe it's a larger bloc than you and I might otherwise think it is.GOWDY: To that point, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer called for a regime change in Israel. Major US newspapers defending him after he did it, and some House members are, frankly, openly pro-Hamas. So it's either pure politics seeking favor with young voters, or there is something else going on that I can't see.You're the one that graduated number one at West Point. Is it politics or something else going on?POMPEO: You know, I do -- I do think this is about US domestic politics, it can't be about security. Because we know Israel is going to do the right thing and defend its own sovereignty. It's going to take care of Hamas. It is going to do the hard work to defend itself against Hezbollah in the north as well. So it's not about strategy or security.And that leaves only President Biden who is in a political fight for his life, and so he thinks these are some votes that he needs to get. And so he is caving to this, truly, this truly antisemitic component of his party that doesn't understand the deep commitment that the United States has had a bipartisan commitment for decades, Trey, as you know, from your time in Congress, a bipartisan commitment to understanding the Middle East in a way that preserves what America needs.They've walked away from it. It looks like it's the worst of domestic politics impacting American security, and I hope the Biden administration will learn to rise above it.GOWDY: Mr. Secretary, the war in the Middle East has diverted attention away from Eastern Europe. In your judgment, what's the state of war there? And will the US continue to provide aid or loans, or whatever you want to call it to Ukraine?POMPEO: Trey, I still remain optimistic. I've said from the beginning now, two-and-a-half years on that the United States has a deep interest for itself to put America first, it requires us to do the right thing for Europe, to help Europe defend itself. We need the Europeans to do more. I'm convinced that we will continue to do that.The Ukrainians continue to fight hard. It is a very difficult fight there. But they need Western support. They need Germany, they need France, they need the United States. They need all of us continuing to provide them with simply the resources. They don't -- they haven't asked for our young boys and girls, they've simply asked for stuff. We ought to provide that to them. And if it's in the form of a loan so that when Ukraine gets back on its feet, they can repay us so much the better.GOWDY: Mike Pompeo, truly one of the more remarkable resumes of anyone I know if you go through it from college all the way to now, he is in the private sector, I personally hope he stays in the private sector and these rumors of going back to government aren't true, but that's just my selfishness.Happy Easter to you, Mr. Secretary. I hope I see you soon.POMPEO: Happy Easter, Trey. Bless you.GOWDY: Coming up: Church attendance is down, but does that mean faith is down. Reverend Barry Black next on Easter and the future of religion in the United States.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Today is the holiest of days for those in the Christian faith, it is the day Christians believe the tomb was empty, that Christ rose from the dead and in the process conquered death. That is the promise of Christianity -- life everlasting.As Jesus said to one of the criminals crucified by the Romans beside him. "Today, you will be with Me in Paradise."Faith, religion, and spirituality are at the cornerstone of life for many Americans, but there are warning signs. Young people are checking out of organized religion. Church attendance is down and major religious institutions have seen their share of scandal lately.We heard the State of the Union from politicians a couple of weeks ago. Let's hear about the State of the Soul of the Union, from the Reverend Barry Black, who is the chaplain for the United States Senate.Happy Easter, Mr. Chaplain, thank you for joining us.To someone who does not believe, how would you explain the significance of Easter.REVEREND BARRY BLACK, CHAPLAIN, UNITED STATES SENATE: The most important part that I see about Easter is not so much the validity or the truth of the resurrection, as the fact that something happened that resurrected the early church.Here were people who had denied and betrayed their Lord and had fled when he was taken to Calgary. They were hiding in a room for fear that they might also be crucified, and something happened that Sunday morning when two women went to that tomb in 28 Matthew, and the stone was rolled away and it resurrected the early church, so that they were described later in the Book of Acts as those who have turned the world upside down.What could have happened that transformed people who were fearful into people who were willing to die for what they believed?GOWDY: Chaplain, you just put your finger on my next question, which is to those who do believe, what can they do today to give others a reason for hope, a reason to believe to give faith a second chance, given the declining participation in religion in our country?BLACK: Well, Jesus of Nazareth said to his followers in 5 Matthew 13-16, you are the salt of the earth.Believers should be just that, believers should make their world more palatable. We need more positive words spoken for 18 Proverbs 21 reminds us the power of life and death is in our tongues, and then verse 5 Matthew 15 says, "You are the light of the world," light guides, we need to guide with our lives.The poet Edgar Guest said, I soon can learn to do it if you let me see it done. I can watch your hands in action, but your tongue too fast may run. And 2 Corinthians 5-20 tells us we are ambassadors, reconciling the world unto Christ, pleading as if in Christ did, be he reconciled unto God.So if we are salt and light in our world and to our generation, we will be glorifying the Risen Lord and here is the great thing, Trey, he has promised that he will give us the power to do exactly that, 1 Act 8 says, and you will receive power after the Holy Spirit has come upon you.There's an old song that reminds me, Trey, of what I'm experiencing. It says: Something within me that holdeth the reins, something within me that banishes pain, something within me, I cannot explain, all that I know, there is something within.GOWDY: Reverend Barry Black, the Chaplain of the United States Senate, thank you for bringing us a message from your heart on Easter Sunday. I hope you and your family have a wonderful Easter.We'll see you again soon.BLACK: Christ is Risen, Trey. He is risen indeed.GOWDY: Risen indeed. Risen indeed. Thank you, Chaplain.Thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. I hope you have a great week ahead.Until next week you can find us online at Gowdy America or on "The Trey Gowdy Podcast." Goodnight from South Carolina.