JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Now I have money to open a Korean barbeque, are you regretting it now? How do you like me now?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Take that, Sophia.PIRRO: How do you like me now?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'd imagine she's not regretting it now.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What if she had died like 20 years ago?PERINO: Harold, do we owe you one or what?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Go Blue! Michigan beat Michigan State in hockey to go to the Frozen Four for the third time.PERINO: Wow, we're in the hockey because basketball didn't go so well.All right, that's it for us, have a great night. Hi, Bret.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Dana. Happy birthday to Jesse Jr. AKA Lightning. Thanks.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Lightning.PERINO: Lightning.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier, breaking tonight, the possibility of a major escalation in the Middle East conflict involving Israel, Hamas and increasingly, Iran. Iran now vowing tonight to retaliate after an airstrike reportedly took out a top Iranian commander. The attack happened near the Iranian embassy in Damascus, Syria. Correspondent Trey Yingst is in Tel Aviv, with the latest. Good evening, Trey.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. Israeli forces are on high alert tonight as Iran vows to respond to an attack today in Syria.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (voice over): A massive escalation as airstrikes target a building belonging to the Iranian embassy in Syria. Top Iranian General Mohammad Zahedi reportedly killed in the strikes.FAISAL MEKDAD, SYRIAN FOREIGN MINISTER (through translator): Well, we assured that Syria and the Islamic Republic don't forget the enemies.YINGST (voice over): Zahedi played a critical role in transporting weapons from Iran to Syria and Lebanon, previously sanctioned by the U.S. government in 2010. He was also the main Iranian liaison to the Syrian regime in Damascus, Iran's ambassador to Syria promised a swift, direct and harsh response to the attack that also killed other members of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.Israeli officials and their American counterparts have not commented on who is behind the serious strikes. Iranian proxies continue to conduct fresh attacks against Israel overnight, with a drone targeting the southern city of Yediot, and renewed rocket fire launched by Hezbollah.With the war in Gaza grinding on, there are concerns about the possibility of a broader regional conflict, something the Biden administration is hoping to avoid.This afternoon, a virtual meeting was held between officials from the White House and representatives of the Israeli government with an aim of ironing out the next steps for the conflict with Hamas.MATT MILLER, U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: We have long believed it is in the interest of everyone to see these hostage talks succeed because you would not just see a relief to the civilian population in Gaza that desperately needs it. It would enable the increase in humanitarian assistance into Gaza and of course, it would get the hostages out.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): Pressure is growing on Israeli. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to reach a ceasefire agreement. Protesters remain in the streets of Jerusalem tonight demanding a deal, Bret.BAIER: Trey Yingst live in Tel Aviv. Trey, thanks. Now here to news at home, the Biden administration dealing with backlash tonight over Easter and the transgender proclamation on that day. White House correspondent Peter Doocy has details live from the North Lawn tonight. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. White House officials have been hoping to change the subject (AUDIO GAP) or to the Francis Scott Key Bridge collapse, but they have had to deal with clearing up a lot of confusion first about what March 31st is.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The biggest White House Easter Egg Roll ever.DOOCY (voice over): But Easter Sunday was double booked with transgender visibility day. Away from cameras, a reporter asked President Biden, speaker Johnson called it outrageous that Easter Sunday was transgender day of visibility. What do you say to Speaker Johnson? The president said he's thoroughly uninformed, asked uninformed how. President Biden said, I didn't do that.He did do that with a proclamation that said in part, I call upon all Americans to join us in lifting up the lives and voices of transgender people throughout our nation and to work toward eliminating violence and discrimination based on gender identity.However, White House officials point out it happens every March 31st.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: For folks who understand the calendar and how it works, Easter falls on different Sundays, right, every year. And this year, it happened to coincide with Transgender Visibility Day.DOOCY (voice over): Either to change the subject, an Easter interview was about the economy.BIDEN: I say we have the best economy in the world.DOOCY: His problem, voters favor Trump on the economy by 15 points in a recent Fox News poll.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think that we've turned the corner on inflation at all.DOOCY (voice over): Another hurdle for homeowners lurks squatting, which the White House talked about in detail for the first time today.DOOCY: Homeowners are showing up in places that they own, where the lives have been changed, some squatters has moved in. And the homeowner has no rights. Just President Biden think that is right.JEAN-PIERRE: So, my understanding is that this is obviously a local issue. We are certainly tracking that issue, the rights of property owners and renters must be protected.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): There are 40,000 people here today for the White House Easter Egg Roll, including one who is currently the subject of two federal investigations for alleged tax and gun crimes spotted taking selfies and shaking hands on the South Lawn, Hunter Biden, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.The Florida Supreme Court is upholding the state's ban on most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. So that means a subsequently passed six week ban on abortions can soon take effect. That ban passed in the 2023 legislative session in Florida. It was written so that it would not take effect until a month after the 15 week law was upheld. The court also is allowing an amendment to protect abortion rights to go on the ballot in Florida this November.All of this likely will factor into the national political situation when it comes to abortion and races around the country and including the presidential race.President Biden is sticking with a controversial nominee for a judgeship just below the U.S. Supreme Court. But now Adeel Mangi is facing opposition even from some Democrats. Here's senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram to tell us why.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Support slipping for Adeel Mangi, three Democrats now oppose him for the federal bench enough to sink the nomination in the narrowly divided Senate.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): This produced the course of panic on the left.PERGRAM (voice over): But the White House sticks by Mangi.JEAN-PIERRE: The president's going to continue to do everything that we can to get him through.PERGRAM (voice over): Democrats against Mangi worry about his ties to controversial organizations including the Alliance of Families for Justice. The New Jersey State Patrolmen's Benevolent Association says the group calls for, "Cop killers to be freed from prison."That is a concern of mine, he is not only a former prosecutor but somebody who's married to law enforcement.PERGRAM (voice over): That sparked Democrats attacking Democrats.SEN. CORY BOOKER (D-NJ): Mr. Mangi has faced accusations that tried to smear his character to whip up fear against him, to turn him into something he is not, that is a lie.PERGRAM (voice over): Republican cited Mangi's links to the Center for Security, race and rights at Rutgers, where he served on the board of advisors. Mangi claimed ignorance when asked about a speaker to the center who pleaded guilty to helping the terrorist group Islamic Jihad.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You sit on an organization that would invite these terrorists, convicted terrorists counselor.ADEEL MANGI, NOMINATED TO SERVE AS A UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE OF THE COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT: Senator, it is an advisory --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You didn't resign.MANGI: Senator, I never heard of that event until today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But you're on the board.MANGI: Senator Klobuchar advisory.PERGRAM (voice over): Mangi's advocates claim Republicans targeted him because he's Muslim.BOOKER: What American has to defend their condemnation for the 9/11 attacks. But sadly, they smack of bigotry. They intend to exploit people's fears.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): President Biden is struggling with Muslim voters upset about his Middle East policy, withdrawing the nomination could provoke that group even more. Bret.BAIER: Chad, where does the House Speaker Mike Johnson stand on extending aid to Ukraine? Does he have a plan to do that?PERGRAM: Well, Johnson says Ukraine is a priority when Congress returns from recess but Marjorie Taylor Greene is threatening to oust Johnson if he puts an aid bill on the floor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): We don't need any dissension right now. She's frustrated. She and I exchanged text messages even today, we're going to talk early next week. Marjorie is a friend, she's very frustrated about, for example, the last appropriations bills.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Johnson is floating loans for Ukraine, also a way to turn repossessed Russian resources against the country, Bret.BAIER: Chad Pergram live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNSON: When it comes to the supplemental, we've been working to build that consensus. When we return after this work period, we'll be moving a product. We're not just giving for an aid, we're setting up in a relationship where they can provide it back to us when the -- when the time is right.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): He should not bring their funding for Ukraine, that would also go against what the American people want.JEAN-PIERRE: Ukraine can't afford any more delays. We have seen what's been happening the past several weeks of past several months in Ukraine, they are losing ground on the battlefield.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, negotiations on Capitol Hill as you heard they're over aid to Ukraine. Israel could potentially put speaker Johnson's job in jeopardy. Let's bring in Fox News Chief Political Analyst Brit Hume and start there.Good evening, Brit. Your thoughts on Johnson kind of tiptoeing through the tulips here. He's got a number of -- number of possibilities to do this. But he has said before that it's important.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Yes, that's right, Bret. I mean, it's been thought in some quarters of Johnson was not in supportive aid for Ukraine, which is not the case.He said early on in this -- in this discussion that we can't let Russia win in Ukraine. And, of course, he's got a gun to his head because it only takes a single member to do what Marjorie Taylor Greene has done, which is to make a motion to declare the speakership vacant, and oust him from his job.She hasn't completely pulled the trigger on that as yet. And obviously, he has to worry about that. But he's doing I think what a smart politician tries to do in a situation like this, especially as a leader which is to try to formulate something that a wide majority can support, and can pass muster even with the backbenchers in his caucus, Marjorie Taylor Greene included who might try to ask him for it.You noticed he's talking about making this an effect alone. That is an idea that Donald Trump has also spoken favorably about. So, if Trump would have supported, it might allow Johnson to get it passed.BAIER: So, sticky politics there for Republicans. On the flip side, sticky politics for Democrats, and this judgeship nominee Adeel Mangi, already, there are three senators, Democratic senators who've said they are going to vote against him. Senator Manchin, Catherine Cortez Masto and Jackie Rosen from Nevada.This seems like the administration sticking with him Brit, because the politics this whole thing. Meantime, you have the fallout over the transvestite recognition day so called on Easter. What do you make --HUME: Transgender.BAIER: Transgender, rather.HUME: Yes, transgender, I'm sorry. Well Bret, it seems to me those two things are not directly connected. But they bear a similarity for this reason, which is that in both cases, you see the president trying to make peace, and enjoy support from relatively small corners of his base. Certainly the Muslim population in this country is not huge. But he's been worried about them, ostensibly, apparently, because of the state of play in Michigan, where they're an important democratic voting bloc.And at the same time, you see this section over the weekend in which he put out equal statements really hailing Easter Sunday, and at the same time, remembering and hailing Transgender Visibility Day. That day, it is true has been -- has been recognized for the past 15 years and always on March 31st. And it is true that it happened to coincide with Easter this day.But look, I mean, Biden purports to be a serious Christian, a Catholic. And to put those two sort of on the same footing in terms of White House statements is pretty striking. Because after all, one is -- one of countless commemorations of transgender rights day as transgender history month, transgender this, transgender that issue, on the other hand, is not simply an important holiday in the Christian faith to believing Christians, which Biden purports to be. It's the most important day in human history.And the president could simply have allowed Transgender Visibility Day to pass without a statement from him. But I think you know, he wanted to protect it and has a tendency to want to protect his base, even in -- even the smallest corners of his base, which I suspect was at work here.BAIER: Slip of the tongue the official word and proclamation as you say, Transgender Visibility Day. Brit, as always, thank you.Up next, new evidence linking Russia to the so called Havana syndrome plaguing U.S. intelligence officials and senior diplomats around the world. We'll bring you that story.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox Carolina and Greenville as convicted killer Alex Murdaugh is sentenced to another four years in prison for stealing from clients and his law firm.Last September, Murdaugh pleaded guilty to 22 federal charges that included wire and bank fraud. He's already serving two life sentences for the murders of his wife and son.Fox 40 in Sacramento as the new law increasing the minimum wage for most fast food workers in California takes effect. Employees at most restaurant chains with 100 or more locations will be played -- paid at least $20.00 an hour. Fast food companies have said they will have to find ways to compensate, such as laying off workers or raising prices.And this is a live look at Cleveland, one of the big stories there tonight from Fox 8 our affiliate, Northeast Ohio will be a prime viewing destination in the path of the total solar eclipse one week from today. The station's meteorologists say it's too soon to tell if the weather will cooperate there. the current forecast calls for a partly sunny sky with temperatures in the upper 50s. That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: A temporary channel is now open on the north side of the collapse Baltimore bridge. It allows ship traffic around the container vessel stuck at the disaster site. President Biden is scheduled to visit the area Friday. Today, his press secretary said the administration is working with Congress to get federal funding to rebuild that bridge.There is new evidence tonight that Russia may be behind a mysterious traumatic brain condition, affecting hundreds of Americans serving abroad.This raises questions about whether the intelligence community is specifically avoiding placing blame on Moscow.Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin has an update on the possible origin of Havana syndrome.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MARK ZAID, NATIONAL SECURITY ATTORNEY: Essentially, this is an act of war.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voice over): In an explosive new report, "60 Minutes", The Insider and Der Spiegel found new evidence that hundreds of U.S. government employees complaining of sudden neurological symptoms, known as Havana syndrome, may have been attacked by Russia with a weapon using directed energy.CARRIE, FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION: It was like a high-pitched metallic drooling noise and it knocked me forward. Immediately felt pressure and pressure, and pain started coursing from inside my right ear, down my jaw down my neck and into my chest.LT. COL. GREGORY EDGREEN (RET) UNITED STATES ARMY: One of the things I started to notice was the caliber of our officer that was being impacted, there was some angle where they had worked against Russia, focused on Russia, and done extremely well.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pull over! Pull over!GRIFFIN (voice over): This car chase near Key West four years ago, provided key evidence, handwritten notes of bank accounts, a device that can erase the car's computer data, and the driver's Russian passportReceipts link the suspected attackers to a Russian military intelligence hit squad GRU Unit 29155.ZAID: Certain Russians were in the exact vicinity of attacks in particular countries.GRIFFIN (voice over): Victims like Adam who uses an alias and was thought to be Patient Zero, after experiencing crippling auditory sensation that left him unable to walk or move while working undercover in Havana in 2016. responded with relief.ADAM, FORMER UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE: They pulled out receipts from the GRU 29155 group, which explicitly outlines that these are weapon systems and a weapon program.GRIFFIN (voice over): For years, he and other victims have felt gaslit by their former agency employers.MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: The intelligence community's broad assessment that a foreign adversary is unlikely to be responsible for these incidents.GRIFFIN (voice over): The Pentagon has now confirmed a senior U.S. defense department official sought medical treatment for symptoms of Havana syndrome at NATO's Vilnius Summit last summer.At the Pentagon, Jennifer Griffin, Fox News.(END VIDEOTAPE)BAIER: We'll continue to follow that story. Up next, a horrific crime by a group of teenage girls puts truancy in the spotlight. Why the nation's capital may be targeting parents whose children are skipping school?First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. A Russian court extends the pre-trial detention of Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty journalist, Alsu Kurmasheva, until June 5th. Kurmasheva is accused of violating a law on foreign agents. Her employer calls her imprisonment, unjust and politically motivated.China's prime minister holds talks with France's foreign minister in Beijing. Li Qiang says the 60th anniversary of China-France relations this year will act as a bridge between the past and the future in the two countries bilateral relationships.And this is a live look at Japan. One of the big stories there tonight. Tourists and young people in Tokyo share their thoughts on the new Instagram account launched by Japan's imperial family.It made an Instagram debut with a barrage of posts aimed at shaking off the family's reclusive image and trying to reach out to younger people on social media.Just some of the other stories, BEYOND OUR BORDERS tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The driver suspected of ramming into a security gate at the FBI office in suburban Atlanta today is in the hospital tonight. Officials say he will undergo a mental evaluation. They said no one was hurt in that incident. They are not saying whether terrorism was involved. The investigation is ongoing.Speaking of the investigation ongoing, Sean Diddy Combs, he is back on social media tonight. The embattled rapper posted Easter Sunday images of his young daughter. This comes after last week's raid by Homeland Security on several of his properties as part of a sex trafficking investigation.Diddy had previously been lying low after those raids. Sunday, he was photographed at his Miami mansion on a phone call.New crackdowns on parents of truant children could be coming in the nation's capital. Chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel reports skipping school is being linked to a surge in criminal behavior.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Three girls between 12 and 13 years old were charged last Friday with second degree murder and will be tried as juveniles for allegedly brutally beating a 64-year-old disabled man to death. Detectives describing the murder of Reggie Brown last October, which was recorded on a cell phone as, quote, "horrific." The attack included using Brown's own belt to beat him. A relative of the victim spoke with FOX 5 D.C.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He was just a quiet and nice, polite person. Didn't bother anybody. That's the type of person he was.EMANUEL: Investigators say all three girls had truancy issues, with one not attending a single day of school this year. In the district an attendance report from last school year found that 60 percent of high school students were chronically absent, with a 47 percent chronic truancy rate among high school students, which means regularly absent without a legitimate excuse.Mayor Muriel Bowser is expected to unveil a program to hold parents accountable, though she insists she won't be throwing parents in jail. On crime overall, today Bowser said recent actions, including passing a new crime crackdown law, are having an impact.MAYOR MURIEL BOWSER, (D) WASHINGTON D.C.: Secure D.C. is driving down crime in D.C. Violent crime is down. Robbery and carjacking is down. Use of a gun is down.EMANUEL: "The New York Times" reported Friday skipping school is a problem that has exploded almost everywhere, quote, "What was once a deeply engrained habit -- wake up, catch the bus, report to class -- is now something far more tenuous.(END VIDEO TAPE)EMANUEL (on camera): What's changed? Well, the pandemic changed our relationship with education. One expert notes, for many families across the country, school became optional and behavior and discipline issues are often results. Bret?BAIER: Mike, thank you.One of two suspects in the fatal shooting of New York Police Officer Jonathan Diller appeared in court today. Authorities say Lindy Jones was driving the car when Diller was murdered. The judge denied bail after deeming Jones a flight risk. Alleged shooter Guy Rivera is still hospitalized after being shot by Diller's partner.The movement to pay many people in this country a guaranteed income even if they're here illegally is actually now gaining traction in the state of Illinois. FOX Business correspondent Kelly Saberi shows us tonight from Chicago. Good evening, Kelly.KELLY SABERI, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening. The plan would send payments of $1,000 a month regardless of immigration status. These payments would go to people who either provide care for a child or other specified dependents, or they recently gave birth or adopted a child. The third classification from this would be if they enrolled in an educational or vocational program.Opponents say the bill's author has not addressed the immense cost to fund a plan like this. There's also concern about what the money could be spent on. Right now, the text of the bill calls the payments, quote, "unconditional." We reached out to the senator from Chicago for clarification on this but have not heard back yet.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL BUEHLER, (R) MCHENRY COUNTY, ILLINOIS, BOARD CHAIRMAN: I estimate the cost could be $10 million a year. And these funds could be far better utilized investing in our crumbling infrastructure, improving education, and supporting public safety, which benefits all of the residents of the state of Illinois.(END VIDEO CLIP)SABERI: Proponents say these payments would not incentivize unemployment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMEYA PAWAR, ECONOMIC SECURITY PROJECT: What they do is they give families, again, agency, dignity, choice, and the ability to take care of themselves.(END VIDEO CLIP)SABERI: There are over 30 different variations of a guaranteed basic income program around the nation. The biggest ones include the one here in Cook County, which includes the city of Chicago, spending $42 million on $500 per month payments. Between Los Angeles and some cities in New York, those cities together have paid out about $80 million.Down in Texas, Republican State Senator Paul Bettencourt has asked the state's attorney general to declare a Harris County guaranteed income program as unconstitutional. This is important because if it's successful, the judgment could set a precedent for others to block similar programs. At least six other states already either banned, placed restrictions, or are in the process of preemptively banning guaranteed income programs all together. Bret?BAIER: Kelly, thank you.The Biden administration's green agenda now going after larger vehicles tonight. And the newest rule could mean higher prices for consumers. That's prompting pushback from commercial transportation manufacturers. FOX Business correspondent Grady Trimble has details from the White House tonight. Good evening, Grady.GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.This new EPA rule is aimed at reducing emissions from commercial vehicles like semi-trucks, box trucks, garbage trucks, and buses just like the recent tailpipe emissions guidelines for passenger cars and trucks. And just like that rule, this one goes into effect starting with model year 2027 vehicles and gets progressively stricter through 2032. The EPA says these standards will avoid one billion tons of greenhouse gas emissions. The rule allows bus and truck makers to choose which technologies they want to use, so electric, hybrid, hydrogen fuel cell, or others, as long as they meet the administration's standards.Environmental groups are praising the move. The Sierra Club says "It's crucial that truck manufacturers get into the fast lane with zero emission trucks to deliver the climate, health, and economic benefits we deserve."But the groups representing the truck and bus manufacturers say the new rule is unrealistic and expensive. And they say it will drive up prices for us.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS SPEAR AMERICAN TRUCKING ASSOCIATIONS CEO: The milk, eggs, bread, fuel we put in our cars, the medications, everything that we rely on every day, the cost of transportation goes up, so do the cost of all those other things that we pay for. And that's when reality sets in.(END VIDEO CLIP)TRIMBLE: The trucking industry says if every single semi-truck went electric, it would cost about $1 trillion. And that's just for charging infrastructure and grid updates, doesn't even include the trucks themselves. The industry group says smaller trucking companies who might not be able to afford new electric vehicles could go out of business. Bret?BAIER: All right, Grady, thank you.Stocks were mixed today. Strong manufacturing data dimmed interest rate cut hopes. The Dow lost 241, the S&P 500 fell 11. The Nasdaq was up 17.Up next, the art of happiness. We talk with Harvard professor Arthur Brooks who has collaborated with Oprah Winfrey on his newest book, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT. We're going to talk now a little bit about happiness with Arthur Brooks, the author of "Build the Life You Want" with Oprah Winfrey. Been around Washington for a long time, now Massachusetts. And now you are talking happiness. Welcome.ARTHUR C. BROOKS, AUTHOR: Thank you very much. Great to be with you.BAIER: We could use a little happiness in this world.BROOKS: Yes.BAIER: How do we get it?BROOKS: Well, first, we have to talk about what's gone wrong. And if I look at the data back to 1990, American happiness has been in gradual decline. It has to do with lack of faith that people are practicing. Family relationships are fraying. People have fewer friendships. Work is a problem. And then things like COVID, which made us lonelier, social media, which drove us apart, and of course, political polarization. And these are the challenges we need to take on, recognizing that faith, family, friends, and work are really what's going to bring all of us the greatest amount of happiness.BAIER: Reading the introduction to your book about your 93-year-old mother- in-law, Helbena (ph), you say "For reasons that were not clear to her friends and family, her outlook on life seemed to shift. She stopped waiting for the world to change and took control of her life. The decision she made, not her primal feelings, led her to try transform less productive emotions into positive ones, such as gratitude, hope, compassion, and humor."We get in a day-to-day spiral, sometimes it's like a hamster wheel.BROOKS: Right.BAIER: To be able to get yourself to that next step of gratitude, hope, compassion, and humor takes a little action.BROOKS: It takes some work, it really does. As a social scientist, I have been studying these things for my entire career, the biggest mistake that people make is thinking that happiness is a feeling. And they just wait around for that feeling and hope that the outside world will deliver that feeling to them. This that's a huge way to waste your life. Happiness is not a feeling. It's a combination of enjoyment with your life, satisfaction with your accomplishments, and meaning, the why of your life. Those are the things to pursue. And I talk in this book, Oprah and I do, about exactly how to pursue those things. That's the pursuit of happiness.BAIER: How was it working with Oprah?BROOKS: It was great. You and I are lucky to meet a lot of people in public life. And a lot of people in public life, they're different in public and private. She is not. She has really cracked the code, because she recognizes something that we all need to remember, that the world's rewards -- money, power, pleasure, fame, if we're lucky to get them, these are not the end goal. The goal is love for other people. You use those things as an opportunity to pursue the ultimate goal of love and goodness towards others.BAIER: She calls herself a judge and you a mad scientist, and offers this advice, "Your emotions are signals to your conscious brain that something is going on that requires your attention and action. That's all they are. Your conscious brain, if you choose to use it, gets to decide how you will respond to them."BROOKS: There is a test in this book to figure out whether or not you are a primarily high affect, high emotional level person or somebody who is more muted. She is more muted. I'm not. I'm this mad scientist where I have very high positive and very high negative feelings. And I need to understand that, and then we walk through the best science on how to manage your emotional profile.BAIER: You hear all these things, the secret and manifestation and positive thinking and how can you create your life. I mean, this book is not that, but it touches on it.BROOKS: Yes. This is science you can use. So I am an academic. I teach at Harvard. I teach the science of happiness to graduate students at Harvard. This is a book that takes these ideas from science, and it translates it into language that people who are not scientists can actually use. So this is not just self-improvement. This is what the greatest neuroscientists and social scientists have discovered in language that's successful to everybody and possible to use.BAIER: Speaking about colleges.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SHOUTING)(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All of the fallout from the Israel-Hamas war and what we are seeing on college campuses, there is not a lot of happiness there.BROOKS: That's a problem.BAIER: And it seems like it's spreading.BROOKS: Yes, and that's one of the problems that we actually have with politics and culture in America today. We have kind of signed over a lot of the leadership to this country in politics, even in media that you have to see around you, and all of our industries, and certainly academia, to people that don't have our best interests at heart. Why? They are trying to fire up with our misery, fear, anger, and sadness. That's a big problem.We need to rebel as citizens. We need to have a happiness rebellion where we recognize that just because somebody disagrees with us doesn't mean they're our enemy. And on campuses people are hearing that if somebody disagrees with you politically they are denying your existence. That's the same thing the political parties are telling their followers, and it's not true.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Biden is a weak, angry, flailing president.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The only loser I see is Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: In this book, is there the secret to getting through the seven months of a general election that we are going to face with two candidates that 70 percent of the country says I'm not sure I really want either one of them.(LAUGHTER)BROOKS: It's the same secret as any other time. Focus on your faith, on developing your faith and your relationship with the divine or your life's philosophy. Be paying attention to your family life. These are the people who really do love you. Your real friends, not your deal friends. And certainly not your Internet friends, because that's not real at all. And last but not least is serving other people and lifting them up with your work. Faith, family, friends, and work --BAIER: So focus on that.BROOKS: Focus on that, because that will never let you down.BAIER: Arthur, it's great to see you, and congratulations on the success of the book, "Build the Life You Want." Arthur Brooks, thanks.BROOKS: Thank you.BAIER: Up next, an airstrike takes out a top Iranian general, and the latest in the presidential race. And later, a monumental anniversary for communication.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: We are in conversations with partners in the region gathering more information, but at this point, don't have confirmation either of the target or the responsible party. And we are worried about anything that would cause the conflict to expand or widen in any way.ITAY MILNER, CONSULATE GENERAL OF ISRAEL IN NEW YORK: We are being bombarded daily by Hezbollah in Lebanon, which is an Iranian proxy. And we are being targeted by the Houthis were in Yemen. So I think we are already there.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Many experts believe that it was Israel that took out a top Iranian commander. Reuters said Iran believes that as well, saying Israel bombed its embassy in Syria, killing a top commander to "Iran's consulate," rather, "in the Syrian capital of Damascus was flattened on Monday in what Syrian and Iranians media described as an Israeli airstrike. A Lebanese security source speaking to Reuters said one of the dead was Mohammad Reza Zahedi, a senior commander in Iran's Revolution Guard Corps."The question is what this means for the Middle East. We'll start with our panel, Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner," "THE FIVE" co-host Jessica Tarlov, and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. Matthew, a lot of the words coming out of the State Department, out of the administration, are we don't want this to escalate into a regional conflict. They've said that a number of time different ways for both going into Rafah in Gaza, and now what appears to be an Israeli strike on an Iranian general.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: Well, for the administration not wanting this to escalate, the only response is to say too late. This has been going on for months now, Bret. It began with the Houthis in Yemen who were just firing missiles and disrupting shipping across the region. It has to do with the Iranian proxies in Iraq firing on American troops, firing drones at Israel just the other day. And now there is this new front not only in Lebanon where Hezbollah has been engaged in low intensity conflict with Israel, but also in Israel -- also in Syria, rather where Iran is offloading the weapons that they give to Hezbollah and Lebanon. This is a regional conflict and it demands a regional policy which the administration does not have.BAIER: Jessica, what about that? You know, politically, the Biden campaign, President Biden would like the Israel-Hamas war to go away, sure, because it affects some corners of his voting support. But what about putting the pressure on Iran one way or another?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I would say that we have seen a little bit of a reversal in the past few days. We heard then that Netanyahu was not going to send his delegation to the U.S. to talk about whatever movements they were going to in Rafah. That has changed. Now there seems to be some sort of confluence around the idea that Israel, obviously, has a right to go in there. Our top priority remains getting those hostages back. So it seems like we are a bit more unified on that.Pushing back on Iran, though, this is something that obviously predates what happened on October 7th and the atrocities there. I think it is a good position for the president to be in. It's not something that activates the leftwing base, for instance, whatever is going on in taking out an Iranian general.And I think it shows a lot of the backbone. I think you should get on board with it. And to Matthew's point, this is absolutely a regional war and one where there is a clear good side and a clear bad side to this. So I see only upside -- I have now said every side possible in that sentence -- to what happened.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: Well, let's turn sides, and this is at the Easter egg roll. The president asked about the state of the economy here in the U.S. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We really do have the best economy in the world. Jobs are up more than they have ever been. We are in a situation where the lowest unemployment rate in 50 years was maintained. I'm truly optimistic.GOV. DOUG BURGUM, (R-ND) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Under Biden, whether it's food, gas, rent, you name what it is, electricity, those prices are all going up. And there is -- America is looking for a different economic direction. They are looking for new leadership.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Byron, if you look at our latest poll, we talked about this a lot of time, the disconnect for what the president said about numbers and how he sees the economy and how voters are looking at it across the board. Half -- more than half the voters say they are worse off compared to 2020.BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You see this all the time. There are so many press articles based on the premise that, gosh, the economy is doing really well. Why are people still unhappy? And I think you can't talk up an economy that feels bad for people. And the price of food and the price of housing and the scarcity of housing are something that are making -- those are very fundamental things that everybody has to have. And they are still making people feel bad. And you are right, when FOX asked, are you better off now than you were four years ago, almost everybody, a large majority says no, we're not. And President Biden can talk all he wants, but he just can't overcome that feeling that people have.BAIER: Two quick things, one that's tough politically for Republicans. Florida court allows six-week abortion plan, but voters will get to weigh in. The Florida Supreme Court found that the state's constitution's privacy protections do not extend to abortion, but it also allowed a ballot question on whether to expand the abortion access. That's in Florida, Matthew. That is going to be an issue, clearly, in this election, that Democrats will use.CONTINETTI: It will be a big issue, of course, in Florida. But here's the thing, Bret. It's a high turnout election, presidential election. A lot of people turning out for and against Trump. That high turnout may actually result in this ballot initiative being passed and Trump winning Florida as well.BAIER: OK, here's one tough for Democrats potentially politically. "Biden's order, let there be E.V. trucks. The Environmental Protection Agency chose Good Friday to roll out its burdensome electric truck mandates, no doubt so fewer people would notice. Biden officials well know the damage they're doing, but the damage in the name of climate change is the point. Replacing diesel trucks with electric will cost the industry tens of billions of dollars." Basically, the message, it's going to be passed on in higher prices to consumers. Jessica, thoughts on that?TARLOV: It's a difficult spot for the administration to be in. They don't want to look like they are backtracking on their promises to bring the green revolution. You have the CEOs of all the major manufacturers saying we would love to get there, but we need a second on this. Most importantly, though, our grid can't take it. And that's what I'm really concerned about, that we're going to have these huge outages. It's going to lead to absolute climate disasters across the country if everyone has to plug in.Quickly, on the Florida front, Democrats had all but given up hope on winning Florida when you look at the margins that Rubio won by, DeSantis won by. This will galvanize huge turnout. And pot will also be on the ballot. So you've got pot and reproductive right, which are huge turnout issues for Democrats.BAIER: It's going to be an interesting six-and-a-half months.TARLOV: Yes.BAIER: Panel, thanks.TARLOV: Thanks. Have a great night.BAIER: Finally tonight, a SPECIAL REPORT salute. The last living survivor the USS Arizona battleship that exploded, sank during the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor, has died. Lou Conter passed away today, we just found out, at his home in Grass Valley, California. His daughter said he had congestive heart failure. The Arizona lost 1,177 sailors and marines in the 1941 attack that launched the U.S. into World War II. Lowe Conter was 102. Thank you for your service, sir.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, former President Trump heads to Wisconsin and Michigan as President Biden says he is feeling good about reelection effort. We'll bring you that.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thank you for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts in just seconds.