BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts in just a moment. We'll see you tomorrow.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. My Angle in moments. But first.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We got a real problem with this judge, we got a real problem with a lot of things having to do with this trial, including the D.A., because you go right outside and people are being mugged and killed all day long and he's sitting here all day with about 10 or 12 prosecutors over nothing, over nothing. Over what people say, over what people say shouldn't be a trial.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Imagine if every four years instead of an election, a small group of New Yorkers led by a few overeducated liberals were allowed to select our president. Well, that's what Democrats and their press stooges are hoping effectively occurs with this so-called hush money trial now underway in Manhattan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KRISTEN HOLMES, CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: It's incredibly embarrassing to the former president at the time that put stress on his marriage with Melania Trump, the former First Lady, just the heart of this entire issue is an alleged affair with a porn star.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We'll hear from other women who had what they will say were sexual experiences with Donald Trump triggering for him, embarrassing for him, given his personal situation.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm sure that they are dreading this week in what's to come.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now their ultimate fantasy, of course, is a guilty verdict. But even short of that, they hope that keeping Donald Trump off the campaign trail, and any sort of details that emerge that will all turn the tide for Biden in November. You cannot risk after all the people actually choosing their own president, can't do that, especially when new polling shows that Trump is leading Biden in five of six swing states.Now according to Echelon Insights on behalf of the Heritage Foundation, he's up 10 In Georgia, seven in Nevada, six in Michigan and in Arizona, and he leads Biden by four in Pennsylvania. Biden nips Trump by one point in Wisconsin, and it must have killed Axios to report on a New York Times Siena College poll that was just out.The poll found a big increase nine points and registered voters who believe that Trump left the country better off. We're going to dive more into this later in the show. Well, look, everyone knows that this case against Trump, like the Fulton County, and the classified docs, January 6th case, none of it would be happening if Trump had retired from politics after the 2020 election, or if Trump was one of those politicians who just played ball with the establishment.And most honest people know that a fair election where campaigns actually happen, Trump gets to actually speak to people coast-to-coast without the distraction of all these lawfare attacks. Well, that would likely end in Biden's electoral humiliation. Again, they can't risk that happening. Just as the Democrats hoped that the Russian collusion investigation would be their insurance policy in 2016, they think that these cases will be their insurance policy in 2024.Now think of Manhattan for a minute, it's a bastion of liberalism, where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans by nearly 10 to 1 and where looters are given payouts instead of prison time. Of course, Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg, he's perfect for the place himself one of the most Far-Left prosecutors and a country of Left-wing prosecutors.Now the violent criminals stalking, beating, raping, murdering innocent New Yorkers, they have never been Bragg's priority. Since taking his job in 2022, he's been most impassioned about one cause and that's taking down Donald Trump by any means necessary. And of course, attempting to portray his 34-count indictment as doing the people's work.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG, MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY: That is core. This case today is one with allegations like so many of our white-collar cases, allegations that someone lied again and again to protect their interests and evade the laws to which we are all held accountable. As this office has done, time and time again, we today uphold our solemn responsibility to ensure that everyone stands equal before the law, no amount of money and no amount of power changes that enduring American principle.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, yes. The only thing enduring in his case is his own radicalism. But at its core, the Bragg case is just a brazen exercise and election interference, New York style. Andy McCarthy has been writing about this brilliantly in National Review. He put it best saying this case was not brought so much as it was forged by Bragg, who inflated a case into 34 felonies from what at most may have been a misdemeanor falsification of business records.Bragg had to do the switcheroo there, because the statute of limitations had already run on the misdemeanor offenses. The case itself though, involves payments made to Stormy Daniels before the 2016 election. Yes, that's two elections ago. But Trump's defense is not necessarily to establish that he's not guilty, the better defense rather is to establish that if he is guilty of anything, it's merely the misdemeanor. If the jury so finds McCarthy writes that the case would have to be thrown out in his estimation.Now this case should never have seen the light of day. Judge Juan Merchan should have had the ethical spine to recuse himself given his family's political activism, because look, in this case, even a whiff of a conflict is way too much.Then there's Trump's old attorney, Michael Cohen, the prosecution's star witness, he's an admitted liar, zero credibility there. Then, of course, the case itself. Bragg has to show that Trump committed the alleged fraud as an illegal campaign expenditure to make it a felony. Now, this is absurd. A New York D.A. has no authority to make federal campaign finance determinations. A fact that conflicted judge should have cited to dismiss the case at the outset.Now, the fact is, Stormy Daniels thought she had leverage over Trump back in 2016 and she used that leverage to extract some money. And like other politicians who had made embarrassing mistakes, Donald Trump was apparently trying to get that episode behind him. This is a political show trial. It's designed to do one thing to blunt Trump's momentum and give Bragg perhaps a shot at higher office. But in the end, as is often the case, Donald Trump is right.The fact that New York is spending untold amounts of money, we don't have the final count, we probably never will. And the countless man hours on this, as violent criminals roam free. It is a travesty in one of the most important periods of our history, I might add. It's also election interference of the highest order.Joining me now, Chris Landau, former Scalia and Thomas clerk, also former ambassador to Mexico, and from outside the courthouse Mike Davis, Article III Project President. He's also in a new documentary called Chasing Trump.Mike, former President Trump today said, he may have to miss his son Barron's graduation due to this trial and he's currently under a gag order from the judge. Your reaction?MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: That shows that this Democrat Manhattan Judge Juan Merchan is a partisan activist in a robe. This judge donated to President Biden's campaign against Trump in 2020. He donated to another anti-Trump cause, his adult daughter Lauren Merchan is a leading Democrat consultant including for Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Adam Schiff, and many other Democrats. She has a clear financial interest. She's raised nearly $100 million on her father's criminal prosecution, criminal trial of President Trump, this unprecedented trial of a former president and a leading presidential candidate.He should clearly recuse. A former federal Clinton judge in New York came out on CNN and said this on April 5th, but he's refusing to recuse. So, it doesn't surprise -- it shouldn't surprise anyone that he has Trump illegally gagged in this criminal trial for the next two months and sort of on the campaign trail.INGRAHAM: Now, we'll get into more of that in a minute. But Chris, today on MSNBC, they were trying to discuss jury selection and kind of put everybody's concerns to rest. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can Donald Trump get a fair jury in Manhattan? It's overwhelmingly Democratic, but there are Republicans in this city.ARI MELBER, MSNBC ANCHOR: The challenge you see in any case of a high- profile nature is always about whether people are overly prejudiced from what happened, but we don't mean -- we don't ever say that means you don't get a trial or you let off scot-free. El Chapo was notorious. Al Capone was notorious. So, I don't mean to say that they're the same. I just mean to say that people heard a lot of things.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Chris, he doesn't mean to compare that Trump to Al Capone and El Chapo, but why don't we throw that into a sentence? Can Trump get a fair trial here?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS CLERK: Of course not, Laura, that's not the point. I mean, this is really a sad day for our country. I mean, we're a democracy going on 200 years and again, our elections should be decided at the ballot box. I mean this is a norm shattering development that we're having these criminal trials of our politicians during an election season.It'd be one thing if this were a clearly established crime. Laura, they're making this up as they go along. I mean, they're trying to make the crime fit the facts. So, when they say, well, nobody's above the law, but at least you should know what the law is. The problem here is that they have twisted and turned the law to basically try to get Trump. And that's what Bragg campaigned on. That's what Letitia James campaigned on. This is the new normal in our country, Laura, and it's just a sad day for our country.INGRAHAM: Well, what about this issue, Mike, of the jury itself? Again, they're trying to claim that, oh, this can -- this can be overcome. Not everybody follows the facts that closely, but a jury of his peers in New York, really? Is that -- that's why you don't try presidents, former presidents in the middle of a campaign, leading candidates on any of these bogus criminal issues.DAVIS: Yes, we have this Soros-funded Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg, bringing in Matthew Colangelo, a senior Biden Justice Department political appointee to bring this unprecedented criminal prosecution against a former president and a leading presidential candidate there. Before this Democrats biased judge Juan Merchan, whose daughter has a financial stake, and the jury pool voted like 85 percent against President Trump, and he's supposed to get a fair trial in Manhattan. There's no way that is ever going to happen.INGRAHAM: Now, Chris, this idea of bootstrapping this case, taking a misdemeanor and enhancing it into a felony, there was a six-year statute of limitations, right, that gave -- that advantage that went to Bragg by turning it into a supposed felony. But couldn't this be nullified essentially with this, what's known as the lesser included offense doctrine. McCarthy and others have written about that, and that seems the way the path forward for Trump's attorneys.LANDAU: Again, Laura, I mean, you are 100 percent right, Trump is 100 percent right. Legal analysts who look at this dispassionately and are not just politicians who are claiming some kind of disinterest, realize this is totally bogus. I mean, they're -- first of all, they're bootstrapping these federal election alleged violations. That's the heart of this case --INGRAHAM: Which the FEC never found --LANDAU: -- and this is in a local --INGRAHAM: Yes.(CROSSTALK)LANDAU: -- which the FEC --INGRAHAM: The FEC never found any violation.LANDAU: We have a federal agency. You're 100 percent right. We have a federal agency entrusted with this. What the heck is the Manhattan, the local D.A. doing trying to use these federal -- these alleged federal offenses that the Feds never brought, not even under the Biden administration? OK, and making that the basis for alleged state law charges? I mean, where does this end, Laura? I mean, are we going to see -- this is akin to next year, let's say Biden loses the election, are he and Mayorkas going to be on trial, let's say in the Western District of Oklahoma/ Is that what we're coming to in this country?INGRAHAM: Yes, violating our sovereignty.LANDAU: And then it will all fall, if Trump --INGRAHAM: Yes.LANDAU: -- well, yes. But I mean, like, again, like this, this never -- we used to fight our political disputes out at the ballot box --INGRAHAM: Yes.LANDAU: -- we didn't used to cheer on the idea, we're going to put our political opponents behind bars. This is what the Democratic base demanded and demands to this day, and this is what their politicians are giving them, but it is --INGRAHAM: Well --LANDAU: -- so bad for our country.INGRAHAM: Well, they can't risk Trump winning again. The establishment cannot risk that.LANDAU: I get it.INGRAHAM: And that's what this is about --LANDAU: I get it.INGRAHAM: This is -- let me tell everybody watching this tonight and Chris and Mike, I think you know this, but this is a warning to anyone who will stand up to the machine of Washington. You do this, and we're going to do this to you. This is not just about Trump, it's about anyone down the pike who thinks like Trump, and this is a warning shot across the bow. That's what they're firing with these trials.Chris and Mike, you didn't need me on my soapbox, but thank you. All right. What Democrats are really getting out of the Trump hush money trial. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you do not show up, there will be an arrest, Merchan says. Donald Trump doesn't have a choice here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's more diminishing for the President to be seen in a courtroom than to be rallying outside one.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The candidate for president could be doing something else today, besides dozing off in a courtroom.BASIL SMIKLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: The split screen will be Donald Trump in a courtroom, Joe Biden on the campaign trail. So, I think that's very important juxtaposition.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It was like the Super Bowl, the Oscars. All of it in one today. Celebratory mood across most of cable news today as Trump started with of course, this idea that he's being forcibly removed from the campaign trail for the next six to eight weeks. It's equivalent of being put on the injured reserve, if you're not injured.And for his opponent, this trial could not come at a better time. Now, I told you I'd get into more of this New York Times poll, and wouldn't you know that voters aren't as stupid as Democrats think they are. More voters are wishing that they could turn back the clock to the better days under Trump.42 percent say that they remember the Trump years as mostly good for America, while just 25 percent said the same about the last three years under Biden, I should say so. Joining me now Byron Donalds, Florida Congressman, Trump campaign surrogate.Congressman, the economy is driving these numbers also immigration as a top, top concern. But do you think that this bogus trial in New York will have the intended effect? Again, the real effect is to try to turn the tide back to Biden away from Trump in this campaign.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Well, first, Laura, is good to be with you this evening. I think the impact of these trials is going to be the same impact from the indictments, people are going to look at this. They're going to say, why are the Democrats and Joe Biden needs crazy D.A.s wasting our time with these stupid trials. Why are the media networks fawning over this coverage left and right, while the country is a mess, inflation has skyrocketed, and the world is on fire?Joe Biden is the one who is the master of disaster. Joe Biden is the one who has led America to its weakest point in more than 40 years. And for you guys don't want to focus on Donald Trump as if he's the problem. That is ridiculous, because when he was president, America was significantly better off. It's going to backfire this November.INGRAHAM: Well, Congressman, the media are having the regime media as I like to call them. They're having a bit of a, identity crisis right now, because they've told everyone that they're going to be very careful about showing Trump speaking, because he just -- they claim is just a big lie all the time.But now Nicolle Wallace over at MSNBC, you know, a former Republican, she promised her viewers something and she wanted to warn them about something. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC ANCHOR: Let me just tell our viewers so I don't startle them what we are doing. We have made a decision on this first day that if Donald Trump comes out and starts talking, we might want to listen to him for a little bit. We're going to do something, we're going to do it together, I promise we're going to come out of this if he starts lying or threatening people. This is Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Because Joe Biden always tells the truth. The economy is going to be a soft landing. Borders secure, you know, it's just, that's where we are.DONALDS: Well, listen, these days, Joe Biden only has one word in him. And frankly, the rest of the nations in the world don't care about his one word. They're doing whatever they want. So, it's about time they start listening to Donald Trump and airing his words, because there has to be truth, there has to be reality, and there has to be leadership in our country.Joe Biden's not providing it. Senate Democrats, give me a break, don't even ask me about them. Don't waste my time, because they've wasted everybody's time. These trials are a joke, and everybody knows it --INGRAHAM: Yes, I don't think it's going to work.DONALDS: -- and only the extreme radical Left wants them. It's not going to work --INGRAHAM: Yes, I don't think it's going to work.DONALDS: -- it's going to fail.INGRAHAM: And I think they're making him into a martyr of a failed establishment that all they have is to throw lawfare at him. That's all they have. They're not going to -- your life isn't going to get any better over the next several months, certainly not over the next four years. Heaven forbid, if we can -- that Biden is -- is -- remains in power. So, all they can do is this. That's all they got. Congressman, always great to see you.All right. Iran's attack on Israel is a small problem compared to what Biden setting America up for. My Angle explains it all. You don't want to miss it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Suicide of a superpower. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. Oh, it was more of the new normal in Biden's America today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD: Israel bombs, USA pays. How many kids did you kill today? Israel go to hell. Israel go to hell.CROWD: Free, free Palestine. Free, free Palestine. Free, free, free Palestine.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And it was more peace and love for the pro-Iran coalition in Chicago on Saturday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm going to teach you a chant in Persian that you can use if you've ever encountered those Zionist freaks. You're going to say Marg Bar.CROWD: Marg Bar.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Marg Bar Israel.CROWD: Marg Bar Israel.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It can mean death to or down with.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can we get a Marg Bar America?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We can get a Marg Bar America. Yes, we can. Marg Bar America.CROWD: Marg Bar America.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Death to Israel. Death to America. Now, these are the voters, by the way, that Joe Biden was desperately trying to court over the weekend by telling Israel to bring down the temperature after the attempted drone attack on Sunday morning by Iran.Now, it's been a muddled mess and an embarrassment to the United States.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Mr. President, what is your message to Iran in this moment?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Don't.UNKNOWN: The U.S. confirming that Iran has fired a barrage of drones and missiles toward Israel. A significant escalation in the Middle East.UNKNOWN: Has President Biden considered maybe beefing up the public Iran posture to be more than just one word?UNKNOWN: You're referring to don't.UNKNOWN: Yeah.UNKNOWN: And so, let's talk about --UNKNOWN: And they did it anyway.UNKNOWN: And let's talk about what we --(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, let's pause for a moment and realize, first off, that this isn't 1994. It's not 2004. America, sadly, is not the force she once was. Now, how can we be? We welcome people into our country who stand deeply opposed to our traditions, our Judeo-Christian beliefs, and who can blame them? Look, after all, remember what our top leaders say about America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: America has a long history of systemic racism.UNKNOWN: Addressing profound inequities, including systemic racism.BIDEN: We're going to rip out the systemic racism that still infects our laws, our institutions, our culture.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, these aren't the words of a superpower, because a superpower is proud and resolute. America under Biden is ashamed and shaky. Now, way back in 2011, Pat Buchanan predicted all of this in his bestseller, Suicide of a Superpower, will America survive to 2025?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The West is disintegrating. It's the greatest civilization the world has ever produced, and I think it is dying. In 1905, Western empires controlled the entire world, with the addition of Japan and Asia, six or seven countries, America included, controlled the entire world. We went through two world wars that carried off something like 100 million people. All these Western nations, they all lost their empires.Almost all have lost their armies and navies. They have lost their basic fundamental Christian faith. Their culture has begun to disintegrate, and the people have begun to die.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now we see that Buchanan really was right, as usual. Today, the same people who got us into this mess are now somehow stunned that Americans are opposed to more foreign intervention? More money for Ukraine? And those same people think that America is weaker and our enemies are stronger because the American people are the problem. And the representatives in the House lack the will to stand up to our enemies.And these same people think that if we just agreed to borrow more money, if we agreed to take on more commitments to other countries, if we agreed to trust Biden and his team even more, then things would be better. Well, they are completely wrong.The American people are still loyal. They're still patriotic. They're still committed to building a richer and safer world for everyone. Most still support Israel. They still mistrust Vladimir Putin. They still want America to be number one.The problem isn't the American people. The problem is what our leaders have done to the American people and America. Measured on the basis of purchasing power parity, China's economy is now larger than ours. The United States is over $34 trillion in debt and counting.The United States' intel community lacks credibility. And young people, they're not interested in joining the military anymore. Government geniuses gave in to globalization and gutted our jobs.Look, the United States is hated around the world. That wasn't an accident. It resulted in part from the constant drumbeat of anti-American propaganda put out by Hollywood and our own government. By the way, both constantly tell the world that America is irredeemably greedy, polluting everything, racist, evil. Who can forget Obama's apology tour?Now, these conditions mean that the United States doesn't have the type of leverage that we once did in world affairs. And of course, Biden, he's just made everything worse. He's simply not credible as a global leader. We have become, sadly, under Biden, a laughingstock.Can you ever imagine him, putting him on the phone with other world leaders? Imagine listening to those calls. They know he's not serious, and therefore they think that we are not serious. After all, we elected him. It's not surprising that evil countries everywhere are on the march. And it's certainly not surprising that Washington seems helpless to stop them.But the answer here isn't to criticize House Republicans, or write more op- eds calling on Americans to make sacrifices for Ukraine. Let me be clear. Americans will not support a government that they do not trust. And they're not willing to support throwing away resources on policies that are doomed to fail. That was true when we left Vietnam. It was true when we left Iraq and Afghanistan. And it's true now.Look at the chaos that has been sown around the world in Biden's first term. And then, then imagine how much worse it will be after four more years of Biden's decline. And that's the Angle.Joining me now, Robert Greenway, director of Center for National Security at Heritage, former national senior director for the National Security Council under Trump. Robert, I want to remind everyone what Biden said about Iran while Trump was president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The world has changed because what Trump has done. And the American people, including independents and some Republicans, know how bad he is. Know how much he's misrepresented. Know how he's getting close to getting us in a war.I said, as the walls close in on this man, I'm worried he's going to get us to war in Iran. Unfortunately, I may have been right.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Robert, one of many old clips of Biden's. America is going to be stronger. We're going to go back to normal. Is any of this normal?ROBERT GREENWAY, FORMER SENIOR DIRECTOR FOR THE NSC UNDER TRUMP: No, no. Thanks for having me, Laura. Look, there are two remarkable consistencies in the Biden administration's approach around the world. The first is to constrain our partners and allies.And the second is to empower our adversaries, whose GDP growth actually exceeds ours in every case. Both China, Russia, Iran, Venezuela, all exceeding us in terms of economic growth.You could argue that the Biden administration has done more to improve the situation of our adversaries than we have for our own country. And certainly, those of our partners and allies. And the attack against Israel, I think, is evidence of that. A dangerous escalation and tantamount to a declaration of war.And so, Biden was right in the first comment he made that the world changed under Trump. And I think everyone recognizes the benefits of the policies of peace through strength. And everyone equally recognizes the consequences of the Biden administration's policies.INGRAHAM: Well, Robert, we're seeing live video from Seattle. Pro- Palestinian protesters blocking the main artery to the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. It's a major airport there, obviously. This is happening across the country.And back to Buchanan's point. One of his points many, many years ago, long before Trump came on the scene politically, was that we had to be careful who we invited into this wonderful country of ours. Not because we don't love other people. But because holding together a country under strains and difficulties and challenges is very difficult.And some of these people are still like, oh, we've got to bring in more refugees from this country or that country. Including from countries that literally despise everything about the United States. I guess except some of the freebies you get when you get here. So, they're complaining, but they caused this mess.GREENWAY: Yeah, it's interesting to know that this nation was built on immigration, but on legal immigration, not on illegal. We're now at some 13 million individuals that have come across our borders since January 2021.I don't know how many now on the terrorist watch list. We're looking at over 26,000 Chinese nationals have crossed us since 2021. And I'm sure they're not all looking for work.And look, many of them are coming from the regions of the world that we were just talking about that are plagued with chaos and a whole lot of ideas that are unamicable to U.S. values.I also find it interesting that there weren't a lot of protests when Bashar al-Assad was gassing the Syrian population and killed so many, he needed a crematorium to get rid of the bodies. It's interesting, though, when Israel is taking action, there always seems to be a protest that manages to close down --INGRAHAM: Where are the protests against China? I mean, there's a few little things here or there. But they've been running the table in the United States, having their own little private police forces. You know, cybersecurity breaches, spying on us through our universities, buying up our land.I mean, and the people who protest against that are considered freaks by the establishment. Oh, or you're anti, you know, anti-Chinese. Not anti- Chinese. You're against what's happening.But a lot of these people at the protests coming from Middle Eastern countries, not all of them, but a lot of them, are people legally in the United States, Robert. The Bushes started this policy of bringing in a lot of these refugees. And they come from all over the world. And look, they're here legally.And a lot of these aren't -- these aren't people coming across the border yesterday. These are people who have been in the United States for many years. But we reap what we sow.GREENWAY: No, it's absolutely right. Look, some know what they're doing, but many are being manipulated. In either case, this shows us just how close the threat is to us. And so, this is not a distant problem for us as we look at the escalation of conflict.INGRAHAM: All right, Robert, thank you. Good to see you tonight. All right. Dental 401k's and psychedelics? Yeah, the latest workplace perk to leave you dumb and numb. We'll get into it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: We are on the way to Zombieville. First, the big money came in to push for medical marijuana, despite scant evidence of medicinal benefit. Then that quickly morphed into state legalization of weed efforts and with more big money behind those efforts. And now, everyone's bored with that, I guess. They're moving on to psychedelics. And corporations are bowing down to the zombie crowd once again.Companies are turning to alternative therapies as a way to help employees' lower costs. This includes psychedelic assisted therapy with substances like ketamine and psilocybin. So, what could possibly go wrong? Come on.The New York Times reported that while the data on these drugs is scarce, they can trigger psychotic or manic episodes. According to Dr. Brian Roth, a pharmacology professor at UNC Chapel Hill, he said, I had many patients that would give me the story that they were more or less fine. Then they took LSD and they've had schizophrenia since. My guess is that they had some underlying predisposition to schizophrenia and it sort of tipped them over the edge.Joining me now, Dr. Nicole Saphier, board certified radiologist and Fox News contributor, author of the new book, coming out tomorrow, Love, Mom. Dr. Sapphire, great to see you tonight as always. What do we really know about these drugs?DR. NICOLE SAPHIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first of all, Laura, this is a two-pronged problem. All of a sudden, we have these grassroots organizations who are insisting that the employers are actually starting to cover psychedelic medications for some of their mental health treatments.I think we've kind of gone way too far in what we expect our employers to do and our health insurance to do, which is why our premiums and everything else, the cost of health care continues to go up. But I'll leave that there.You know, we're talking about these medications, specifically psychedelics. We're talking about psilocybin, MDMA, LSD, ketamine, many more. And by the way, they all work very differently. They are not one size fits all.Historically, they were used 50, 60 years ago to treat some psychoses. People started -- stop using them in the 1970's. They became a controlled one substance and we really restricted them. Fear of misuse, the stigma. And really, we just had no idea what they did to the human brain.Fast forward 40 years, 50 years, we still don't really know a lot. But because we have developed technology such as neuroimaging, we have been able to do majority of animal studies and some smaller human studies on the effects of some of these psychedelics on the brains. And there is the hypothesis that these affect, what's called neuroplasticity, it essentially disrupts the neural connections in your brain.Now, when is this a good thing? Well, this could potentially be an OK thing in someone with like a severe clinical depression. Someone with PTSD where they have that depression reward cycle where they're deeply depressed, but then they have alcohol and that rewards them.Typical SSRI's and other antidepressants actually can cause increased suicidal thoughts and actions in people, and we started to see that. People who are coming back, veterans who are suffering from PTSD taking SSRIs, they actually may have been more predisposed to suicidal action. So, what can be done?And so, there's a lot of research right now on these psychedelics. Of course, they are sub-therapeutic doses. This is not trying to go out and get them a high, but it is altering their reality. And Americans, we tend to, we love the quick fix, right?So, my biggest concern is here, there may be a very small subset of people who may benefit from this. I need to see more data for me to really put my stamp of approval on it. But I think this will be overused and will cause a lot more harm than good. And a lot more harm.INGRAHAM: Yeah, you have a book out about motherhood and here's my concern, OK? There's always people who say, oh, we need more money that goes into this, the big money backing this. But I have three teenagers.And do we not risk harm to children and young people by mainstreaming drug use, just as we've done with the increased use of high THC marijuana, Dr. Saphier, among our youth? Very quickly on this.SAPHIER: Yeah. So, Laura, I have a 24-year-old son. My other kids are younger. I am extremely scared about this. We have completely normalized alcohol, cigarette smoking, vaping, a lot of drugs, and now psychedelics. Like, this is not normal.We want our children to be healthy and happy. We need them to be able to cope with the reality with COVID, social media, everything. It's causing dissociative effects in these children. They are not going to be able to function as they become adults. And we need to get away from normalizing drug use.INGRAHAM: Doctor, always great to see you. Thank you so much. All right, coming up, the White House turns to a sitcom to push its agenda. And Hillary hits Broadway, but will it hit back? Raymond Arroyo has it all. Seen and Unseen, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for our Seen and Unseen segment where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, the president was laser focused on foreign affairs today.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Laser focused? He was barely awake, Laura. Look, there was a whole moment where he read the entire statement to the Iraqi prime minister today from note cards. And then when the Iraqi prime minister decided to talk back, Biden thought that was a good time to check the time. He started looking at his watch.I don't know if he was looking for updates on the Trump trial or what was going on. But he was very focused on that watch. Maybe Candy Crush. I don't know what it was on that watch.INGRAHAM: Was it an Apple watch he had? But they were getting on Trump, right, for closing his eyes today at that trial. I'd be falling asleep at that trial, too, today. But, I mean, this was another embarrassment.ARROYO: I agree. I agree. No, it was it was a mess. But look, while the chaos is engulfing the Middle East, Laura, and the president is doing his routine, his failed diplomacy, the vice president is doing what's most important. She's partying with the old sitcom crew from A Different World.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(MUSIC)(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: OK, now, Laura, what I love about this, OK, you heard the Different World theme song there for a minute. What I love about this is Kamala Harris is recruiting this cast. You remember this show. It's about 40 years old. This was a spinoff of the Cosby show set at a historically black college.INGRAHAM: Oh, it was a good -- it was actually a good show. I mean, I actually like that show. And I read about this, Raymond, the cast is touring to raise awareness of the HBCU.ARROYO: Well, but only now the White House is recruiting them to support the president's student loan forgiveness plan. And I guess lead the occasional press room dance party.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's a different world. The way it comes from. Yes, it is now.UNKNOWN: The 44th president didn't get rid of his student debt or their loans until he became president.UNKNOWN: We're weighing these babies down when they just started life. That was how I got to school with student loans and college work study. And it wasn't until I got this job in A Different World that I was able to pay it off.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Now, Laura, that's the right way to do it. Here's someone who wanted to go to college. They got a loan, they waited till they had work, they deferred the loan, and then they paid for it.That's not what the president is doing here. I mean, he has already committed. What's the number? One hundred and forty-six billion dollars of student loan cancellation. This just goes too far. And I'm sorry. A Cosby spinoff that's almost 40 years old now. A Cosby spinoff is about as needed now as an O.J. memorial, OK?(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: That's a fair point. But, I mean, they all are kind of having fun. I mean, at least -- I mean, this is the most entertaining thing I've seen coming out of the White House in some time.So, was that KJP there? I couldn't. Was that she with the --ARROYO: Yes.INGRAHAM: That was --ARROYO: Leading the second line there was pretty good.INGRAHAM: She's having fun. Glad the country is going down the tube. At least they're dancing, having fun, so. But Kamala Harris, Raymond, isn't the only one using pop culture to push her agenda. Now, Hillary is a Broadway producer. Her show is called Suffs. It's about Suffs. It's about the suffragettes or audience suffering, depending on what your perspective is.Now, I have a feeling this is going to go the way of the Carrie the musical, which is one of Broadway's biggest flops. Here's a bit of the excitement to be had. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I'm a great American (BLEEP). I earned my own wages and burst into rages when men say, know your place.UNKNOWN: I'm a great American (BLEEP).UNKNOWN: I'm a great American (BLEEP). Queen (BLEEP). I seduce whoever I please.UNKNOWN: Very jealous.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Hamilton, hold her purse. Look, if the performances are not all that exciting, Laura, perhaps the side of Hillary will entice audiences or maybe not.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: In 1913, women in this country were not allowed to vote.UNKNOWN: But we were allowed to fight. So that's what we did.UNKNOWN: We fought.UNKNOWN: We marched.UNKNOWN: In hats. Really big hats.UNKNOWN: And very uncomfortable shoes.UNKNOWN: The road to equality is long.UNKNOWN: Which is why we keep on marching.UNKNOWN: But in way more comfortable shoes.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Good Lord. Laura, you know, they tried a revival of 1776 this past year on Broadway with an all-female cast, transgender people and non- binary. It flopped and closed early.And the last time they had a play about Hillary Clinton, it also closed a month early. Broadway is not ready for Hillary, I don't think.INGRAHAM: I'm just going to stay home. Raymond, great to see you. Jesse is next.