SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And this is a FOX News alert we begin with tonight. We are monitoring a developing situation out of NYU in New York City where disruptive anti- Israeli protesters are now clashing with police. We're going to have more on this straight ahead tonight.Plus, Donald Trump stuck in New York in criminal court where a bogus political witch hunt is now entering its second week. And just one block away, a big win for President Trump in a New York civil court.Coming up, we'll help you keep track of the left's fully weaponized Department of Justice. We'll talk to two people that were in the courtroom today and we'll get reaction from Eric Trump.And a shocking news story about the Democrats who are now trying to take away the former president's Secret Service protection which would leave President Trump and his family very vulnerable, not a good idea.Also tonight, we'll hear from New England Patriots owner. Robert Kraft will be with us. He is now cutting off all donations to his alma mater, and that would be Columbia University, because of the, quote, virulent hate that continues to grow on campus.Now, take a look at your screen. This is what he is talking about. A young woman at Columbia holding up a sign that reads, quote, al-Qassam's next targets. Okay, an arrow pointing to the students that are standing behind her waving Israeli and American flags.Now, al-Qassam is the militarized terrorist wing of Hamas, responsible for the worst, the most barbaric terrorist attack in the history of Israel. Remember, they buried babies alive. They beheaded men, women and children. They took infants as hostages. They used rape as a weapon of war, over 1,200 dead in a day, and this woman on your screen face covered with a scarf is hoping for more of the same. She's not alone. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIPS)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're Hamas, wow!You're what? You're Hamas?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we're all Hamas, pig.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Long live Hamas.CROWD: Intifada revolution! Intifada revolution! There is only one solution! There is only one solution!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Remember the 7th of October. Never forget the 7th of October. Never forget the 7th of October.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That will happen not one more time, not five more times, not 10 more times, not 100 more times, not a thousand more times --(END VIDEO CLIPS)HANNITY: And things have gotten so bad, a rabbi at Columbia University calling for students now to leave the campus and they have and they now have to finish their semesters online. Why? Because the school has been unwilling, unable to safeguard these students in the face of what is extreme antisemitism and nothing but utter anarchy.Now, one pro-Israel professor, he was even reportedly banned from Columbia's campus. His key card allegedly deactivated. His counterprotest was not allowed on school grounds because of the, quote, obviously risk to the safety of the students.In other words, the pro-Hamas crowd, they're now running the show. They have taken over a big part of the university. Dissent no longer safe at an Ivy League institution.Now, the base of the Democratic Party, they have gone from self-proclaimed, open-minded, peace-loving hippies to radical terrorist sympathizers, you know, the very people that get would that would get triggered if you use the wrong pronoun. Now, they are justifying violence and really offering what is nothing short of aid and comfort to terrorists.Now, to his credit there is one Democrat, only one, and that's John Fetterman, of all people, calling these protests reprehensible and demanding Columbia's president step down.Now, Senator Tim Scott, Congresswoman Elise Stefanik and several other Republican lawmakers, they have also called for Columbia's president to resign. She should be fired before she resigns."New York Times", well, they're describing the protest as one big happy party. Quote: At Columbia, the protest continued with dancing and pizza. That's just like the summer of 2020, 574 mostly peaceful riots, remember, dozens of dead Americans, cops pelted with bricks, rocks, bottles, Molotov cocktails, and billions in property damage mostly peaceful. Why? Because they wanted that vote. I guess they missed the calls for a global intifada across our country.Similar protests, by the way, were happening in Yale, MIT, as you can see on your screen, NYU. Far-left, radicalized students indoctrinated by their communist professors taking to the streets to call for, what, the annihilation of Israel in the United States from the river to the sea? Really, and the Columbia president doesn't think -- that thinks that's okay. And if you -- but if you use the wrong pronoun, you're probably going to get expelled.Joe Biden is now desperate to win their vote, the same Joe Biden who claims he ran for president because of the bigotry and the hatred that he witnessed in Charlottesville. Okay, but now, according to Joe -- well, there are very good people on both sides of the protest. He actually said it. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you condemn the antisemitic protests on college campuses?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I condemn the antiemetic protest. That's why I've set up a program to deal with that. I also condemn those who don't understand what's going on with the Palestinians and their -- how they're being --REPORTER: Should the Columbia University president resign?BIDEN: I didn't know that. I'll have to find out more about that.REPORTER: Should she resign?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Biden doesn't really care about the hatred, the bigotry, the calls for violence coming from the pro-Palestinian agitators. Why? He needs their vote, like Democrats in the summer of 2020, they needed the votes of the people that were rioting, that's why there was no congressional hearing. He's more than willing to look the other way.But good people there on every side of this, people don't understand the other side. The guy who once worried about schools being integrated because they'd become racial jungles isn't bothered by, what, a little antisemitism, radical hatred, support of terrorist organizations, the guy that threw Israel under the bus after he stuck a knife in their back and twisted it, just isn't bothered by calls for the world's only Jewish state to be annihilated, and it's happening in the halls of Congress, it's happening on college campuses, it's happening in Europe, it's happening worldwide.And as it turns out, Joe Biden's hand wringing over Charlottesville, just another made up story from a guy who has little sympathy for anyone whose last name is not Biden, even his own four-year-old granddaughter for example.Biden promised to restore the soul of a nation. Instead, he is fomenting moral rot and division all in an effort because he wants to win Michigan. He wants to win the election.Of course, his political ambition knows no bounds. In the process, Biden his allies, they are providing cover for what is vile, hate-filled, a movement that is now picking up steam around the country, and even in the halls of Congress.Not far from ground zero, by the way, far-left radicals openly supporting one of the world's worst terrorist groups and Joe Biden's lecturing Israel? The only message he should be sending is go win your war against those people that are trying to kill you in the name of, quote, some radical religion that they're practicing, meaning those that believe in radical Islam.Don't forget, before and after the rape, murder and, you know, killing of nearly 1,200, the abduction on October 7th, Hamas, a terrorist organization, radical jihadist, have waged a non-stop campaign of terror against civilians on both sides of the border. If you go back to the year 2005, since that time, Hamas has launched more than 20,000 rockets indiscriminately into Israel, killing many Israelis. If not for Israel's Iron Dome, hundreds of thousands of civilians would likely be dead.And yet radical members of Joe Biden's far left base, they now feel very comfortable, openly supporting the terrorist organization whose own charter calls for Israel's destruction, defending -- making excuses for terrorists, trying to get Israel to back down and just accept that this is their way of life. That's your modern Democratic radicalized party.The icing on the cake one day if Joe Biden gets his way, you're probably going to be forced to pay off the massive student loans for all of those radicals on all of these campuses whose literally, you know, their role is always to play America's ultimate victim, all because Joe Biden, he wants to buy their vote.Joining us now, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.Professor Dershowitz, I'm sorry, no other way to put it, but to me, this is a very clear -- if you have any sense of a moral compass or moral clarity, there's no ambiguity here, professor. This is repulsive, virulent, anti- Semitism. It is being allowed in the halls of Congress, on college universities and Joe Biden is pressuring the victim of terrorism that they lay down their arms, not standing with Israel against the radicals that want to destroy them.ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: I completely agree with you, 100 percent. It was absolutely outrageous for President Biden to create a moral equivalent the same kind of moral equivalence he complained about in Charlottesville, between antisemitic protest which he condemns and then he says, I also condemn those who don't understand what's going on with the Palestinians.What an outrageous moral comparison. Nobody could anyway support what Hamas did, yet these kids are yelling, I am Hamas, we want to repeat the rapes over and over again, a thousand times, and he's equating that morally with people who reasonably believe that what's happening to the Palestinians is largely the fault of Hamas. It's absolutely outrageous, which is why I wrote a column today arguing that what is happening on college campuses today may be worse than what happened on January 6th, maybe worse than what happened in Charlottesville and we are not concerned nearly as much about it as we were about January 6th.January 6th involved a relatively small number of people, low thousands. They aren't people who are going to be our future leaders. Charlottesville didn't involve our future leaders. What's going on on college campuses today, "we are Hamas" means our future leaders, the people who will be in the editorial rooms of "The New York Times", on CNN, in Goldman Sachs, in law firms, running for Congress, that's why it's more dangerous what's going on today.And thank you Bob Kraft for cutting off all your aid to Columbia. I've done the same, I don't have your money, with Harvard, with Yale. Nobody should contribute to these Ivy League cesspools which have become incubators for the worst form of anti-Jewish racism that I've have known in my 85 years of life.This is a scary time. Yes, it is in some ways like 1933 in Germany, but in other ways, it's not because the Jews have Israel to defend it. And as long as the Jews have Israel and Israel has weapons, including nuclear weapons, we won't see a repeat of 1941 and 1942, but we will see a repeat of 1933 and '34, where college students at the University of Munich and at the University of Berlin brought Hitler to power, brought Pol Pot to power, brought Castro to power.Young 23-year-olds can be among the most evil and dangerous people in the world and we're seeing it happening at Columbia and NYU and Yale today. Shame on the presidents who have facilitated and allow this kind of bigotry to occur on our universities.HANNITY: Let me go to you, Mike Huckabee.The protesters, we are Hamas, long live Hamas. And by the way this is not an attack on Islam. This is an attack on radical Islamists. We make a distinction on this program.Literally screaming Jews, Jews, go back to Poland. Wow, did you ever think, Mike Huckabee, we'd be reporting this and talking about this in our life time? Because I didn't.MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: No, I prayed to God we never would. And I hope that a lot of people can start understanding there's a difference between educated people and smart people. A lot of these college kids are educated but they're not real smart. They don't have a clue about what the Jews have gone through. They don't have a clue about Israel. They don't have a clue about what happened on October 7th, and the outright butchering of women and the violent rape in front of their own families.You know, one of the horrors of the Holocaust was that a whole lot of other people looked the other way and pretended it wasn't going on. There were only a handful of Christians like Dietrich Bonhoeffer who ended up being a martyr for standing against the Nazis.But I hope in this particular situation that every Christian will stand with our Jewish friends, and we will say with them, never again. This should never happen and it shouldn't be led on college campuses. You know, there's no consequences for this ridiculous behavior of these college students and the faculty, and that's part of the problem.Sean, I'm in Little Rock, Arkansas, and in 1957, at Central High School, nine Black students were told they couldn't go into the school and it was President Eisenhower who federalized the National Guard and sent the 101st airborne in and said, yes, you will go to school and stood against the mobs.DERSHOWITZ: Right.HUCKABEE: Why won't Joe Biden show some leadership stand against the mobs?HANNITY: Yeah. I stand with you, Governor.(CROSSTALK)DERSHOWITZ: He wants their vote in Michigan.HANNITY: He wants their vote.Governor Huckabee, I want to say this, at what price, professor? And I'll say this, Governor Huckabee, you're right. Every Christian, and I am a Christian, should be standing in solidarity with Israel at this time.And I'll add one other thing, an America -- every American should be standing with them because this is their 9/11, and based on population, it was a greater percentage of the their population was murdered on October 7th. Thank you both.Professor, thank you. Governor Huckabee, thank you.All right. We continue. Now, coming up we'll have more on the virulent hatred and bigotry on America's college campuses. You can watch this unfolding in New York at NYU on your screen tonight. We'll check in with the owner of the New England Patriots, our friend Robert Kraft.First, to the other top story out of New York, while President Trump is sitting in a criminal court, he gets a big win in a New York civil court after Letitia James lost what was nothing but a politically obnoxious bid to nullify Trump's bond. Later, we're going to talk to people who were in the courtroom.Plus, we'll also show you a new poll showing a majority of the American people do not believe as I do not believe that Donald Trump can or will get a fair trial in New York City.Joining us now with the latest from the Trump Organization, Eric Trump is with us.You've been watching all of this unfold. You've been stuck in the middle of all of this, Eric, and, you know, I feel sorry for you and your family. Big win as it relates to Letitia James' effort.But now, we have a trial over, what? Over, you know, what probably 90 percent of corporations in New York have been involved in. It's called the nondisclosure agreement.Some people do it because they don't want -- they don't want to pay the high cost of litigations. There's all sorts of reasons why those things happen.But that's basically what it's about or an accounting error, that was a misdemeanor, that statue of limitations ran out, by a judge that supports Joe Biden and donated to him?ERIC TRUMP, TRUMP ORGANIZATION: Yeah.Sean, every time I watch my father walked in to that courtroom, it breaks my heart because they are just -- they will stop at nothing. The Democratic Party will stop at nothing to take the man down.And no one believes this nonsense, right? They are letting hardened criminals in New York City out every single day, no bond, no bail, no anything.Hardened criminals creating, you know, worse crimes you can possibly imagine. Yet, they're going after the former president of the United States, a person beloved by hundreds of millions of people in this country, over $130,000 from eight years ago.And they could have charged him at any time in that period of time. Not that -- he didn't do anything wrong, but they could charge him. They waited until 196 days before an election to drag him into court, 34 felony counts for $130,000.Yet women in New York are being thrown in front of subway cars. Crime is out of control. You see what's happening in the screens right now. You see these protests. You see New York going to absolute hell. Everybody is leaving the state.Does anybody believe this?And then you have a judge that happens to just get every single anti-Trump case. You got the Allen Weisselberg case. You got the Steve Bannon case. Now he gets this case.He's literally spoon-fed every single anti-Trump case -- who happens to have a daughter who is making literally, you know, for a company that she runs, reportedly $93 million for the Democratic Party, people like the president, the vice president, Chuck Schumer, other New York Democratic operatives.Every single time my father is in the courtroom, she's raising money on e- mail campaigns. She's financially motivated -- his daughter is financially motivated by this trial. Does anybody actually believe this to be the case?And then you look at Georgia, again, far left Democrats, radicals. You look at Letitia James, far left radicals. They go to every single blue district and they weaponize D.A.s and attorney generals because they're scared of him, he's winning in the polls, he's going to win in 196 days, and they can't handle it.They have a failed president, Sean. The guy can't get up the stairs on Air Force One. He makes us look like jerks in front of the entire world, and they know he doesn't stand a chance after the disaster that we've had over the last three and a half years.HANNITY: You know, Jonathan Turley said this isn't -- you know, he's in utter disbelief over the opening statements today. Hush money, quote, is not a crime and Bragg has no case against Donald Trump.This is an 8-year-old case. This, you know, when your dad says election interference, eight years ago, there was no other time that they could've brought this case with $130,000 before a court if they really believed it. They have to wait until 196 days before Election Day for opening arguments?E. TRUMP: Sure.HANNITY: Eight years later?E. TRUMP: And, Sean, can I just bring something down? I mean, timing is obviously ridiculous. The judge is ridiculous. The conflict of interest is ridiculous. This whole case is ridiculous.But let me just point out the most ridiculous fact to this whole thing, my father wasn't even in New York City at the time. My father was sitting behind the Resolute Desk in Washington, D.C. when a bookkeeper booked a legal expense as a legal expense. The company had communication with him. They had --HANNITY: Wait a minute, wait a minute.E. TRUMP: -- communication with him. My father was focused on running the United States of America, not bookkeeping, not --HANNITY: Didn't Hillary --E. TRUMP: -- that anything was done wrong in the bookkeeping.HANNITY: Well, Hillary Clinton, she said that the dirty dossier that she paid for was a legal expense. Oh, what a shock.Eric, I hope you'll update us throughout this trial because I think Americans see this for what it is.We really appreciate your time. Thank you for being with us.When we come back, people that were in the courtroom today, they will join us. We'll continue to follow that protest at NYU and the police now have gone in and they are clearing out the area.Also tonight, Robert Kraft on why he will no longer donate to Columbia.When we come back, lawfare against Trump. Alina Habba, Karoline Leavitt were in court, they'll tell us, and Newt Gingrich, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: This is a FOX News alert. We are continuing to monitor police trying to clear protesters from around NYU campus in New York City.Also tonight, our other top story the weaponization of our system of justice against Donald Trump, that continues. Earlier today, before entering the courtroom, he did speak to reporters blasting the left for their latest witch hunt. Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: They take this payment and they called it a legal expense, and you heard it today for the first time, this is what I got indicted over. This is what took me off and takes me off the campaign trail, because I should be in Georgia now. I should be in Florida now. I should be in a lot of different places right now campaigning, and I'm sitting here, and this will go for a long time.It's very unfair. The judges conflicted as you know. It's very unfair what's going on, and I should be allowed to campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, following his remarks, this ridiculous Alvin Bragg trial began with opening statements before adjourning for the day early due to Passover. By the way, the guy that did opening arguments for the D.A., yeah, happened to come from Joe Biden's Justice Department. He just happened to move over because he was obsessed with the case.Meanwhile, radical New York Attorney General Letitia James suffered another blow in her civil fraud case after the judge denied her request to invalidate Trump's $175 million bond that he posted while he is waiting for appeal.Here with reaction, Trump legal spokesperson Alina Habba and Trump 2024 national press secretary, Karoline Leavitt. They were both in the courtroom today.Alina, on the $175 million, I found this interesting. My understanding is that the judge in the case said, well, what -- what happens if the $175 million isn't there at the time it would be necessary to make that payment? And the Trump people said, oh, that would be in cash, sir. He said, but what if it's not worth the same amount of money, that would be in cash, sir, $175 million is $175 million.Please tell me that didn't happen. Did that happen in that courtroom? You're laughing, so I guess the answer is yes.ALINA HABBA, LEGAL SPOKESWOMAN FOR FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP: You have no idea. We had the money in a Charles Schwab money market account and the judge legitimately said with a straight face with his little team, hey, I don't think this is secure money because something could happen to the market and it could go below $175 million. To tell you how hard it was for me keep my face straight in that moment, Sean, you can't make it up.This case should have been in the commercial division. It had no business being in the civil division, in front of a judge that today was trying to invalidate any bond and doesn't understand that cash is green and when cash is held by Charles Schwab, they can't go trade it. They can't move it around. It's not the stock market but he didn't understand basics.It was one of those aha moments that I truly didn't feel I could have after 11 weeks in front of this judge, but it just can't stop. He can't stop surprising me. It was a disgrace to be honest and then after that I went to the criminal hearing which is another disgrace.HANNITY: Okay, and let's be fair, this is the same guy that thinks Mar-a- Lago, a billion dollar Palm Beach property, a hundred million palm beach property is worth 18 million and the whole case is about, quote, valuations that had a disclaimer said don't -- don't go by our valuations.All right. Karoline, you were in the courtroom today, too. Your observations?KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP 2024 NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: Well, I will say, Sean, like millions of your viewers, I consider myself to be a proud American. But after sitting in that dirty disgusting criminal courtroom today, watching the former president of the United States being persecuted like a criminal I don't know if I'm so proud to be an American anymore.Meanwhile, there are real criminals running free in the streets of this city every single day being released by the same Democrat prosecutor who is going after President Trump. It is a tremendous waste of taxpayer dollars. It's a tremendous waste of time.And as I was exiting the courtroom today, I stopped by a New York police officer who was forced to stand guard and protect the courthouse and you know what he said? He said, I am so sorry you guys have to be here, and I looked at him and I said, I am sorry you have to be here because there is no crime that brought this case to this courtroom. It would have been laughed out of any other courtroom in America if not being brought by far- left district attorney Alvin Bragg overseen by a Democrat judge who donated money to Joe Biden's campaign.And let's not forget why this case is being led, it's because we have a Democrat president in the White House in Joe Biden who is concocting all of these Biden trials behind the scenes in an attempt to interfere in this election and weaken his political opposition. This is what we see in banana republics, third world countries, not the United States of America. But unfortunately, for the Democrats, Sean, it is backfiring on them because President Trump is tough and he's tenacious and he continues to increase his support in the polls.HANNITY: Alina, the next time you're in Judge Engoron's presence, will you do me a favor will you please show him the price of a two-acre empty lot, a dirt lot, in Palm Beach that is now for sale for $200 million, and maybe that'll give him some perspective about what the true value of Mar-a-Lago is, but anyway, thank you both. We appreciate it.Alina, thank you. Karoline, thank you.All right, here with reaction to all of tonight's stories, former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.So I first interviewed you in a holiday inn in 1990. If you would have told me that day that years later I would be talking to you about virulent antisemitism in the halls of Congress, on college universities, worldwide, a president that would abandon Israel after the worst terror attack in their history and tell them not to respond, and if you would have told me any of these things that we'd have the weaponization of our Justice Department, the way it is today I never would have believed it. I guess I was young and naive. I didn't think it would be possible.NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think because I'm a lot older than you, I remember Ronald Reagan as governor dealing with the demonstrators at Berkeley and he was very clear about it. He was going to clear it out. He was going to stop it. He was going to use the National Guard. He was going to do whatever took.A couple of simple steps. Every university should expel every student engaged in antisemitic activity, anybody who's engaged in antisemitic activity who is not an American citizen should be deported immediately.Now, those two steps alone would bring a great deal of quiet in the next 30 to 60 hours, but you have to have people with guts willing to stand up for America and willing to stand up for the rule of law and right now, you don't have that. Most -- most of these senior universities are headed up by people who are totally cowards, who are intimidated by the thugs and the brutal people and the pro terrorists, and in fact, they need to stand up to him. That was Reagan's great fight as governor and it helped make him president of the United States.I think in terms of the court, something that Speaker Mike Johnson said really struck home with me when he said about the decision on whether or not to help Israel and Ukraine, that this is not a game.Let me tell you I am deeply worried that tomorrow, a totally corrupt judge and a totally corrupt district attorney are going to try to put a former president of the United States, candidate of his party and front runner in the polls in jail. Now, I think this is so horrendous that there has to be some way to reach out to the Supreme Court -- I mean, this is literally like some of the civil rights workers in Mississippi in the 1960s.The New York system is now so deeply corrupted and it is so bitterly deeply anti-Trump, the absurdity of the judge's daughter who made millions and millions of dollars doing anti-Trump politics and the judge would like us to believe much like Joe Biden, he had no idea what his children were doing. I mean the whole thing frankly resembles "On the Waterfront", Stanley Kubrick's brilliant film.This is about corruption. It has nothing to do with honesty and what worries me is it's a genuine threat to Donald Trump. I mean, I think any step that would put him close to a New York prison is an extraordinarily dangerous step. And I would hope that there's some legal way to block it and make sure that it never happens because the thugs he's dealing with are totally out of control, have total contempt for the rule of law and frankly are unworthy of being in the offices they hold.HANNITY: I don't think there's anything worse than Biden stabbing Israel in the back and the weaponization of our justice system.[21:35:07]And we will watch tomorrow because tomorrow, there'll be a hearing about, quote, the gag order which I would argue is unconstitutional.Mr. Speaker, the world has changed a lot since 1990, not for the better. Thank you for being with us.When we come back, New England Patriots owner, Columbia alumni, Robert Kraft, announcing he is pulling all his financial support from the university because of growing antisemitic protests. Robert Kraft will join us next, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And this is a FOX News alert, we continue to monitor the scene out of New York City tonight. Police cleared out pro-Hamas protesters at NYU and now we are told the protesters are headed toward One Police Plaza in New York City.Also tonight, House Democrats, they have now introduced a bill that would strip felons of Secret Service protection. Well, that bill is, of course, directly targeting former President Donald Trump as he stands trial in New York City.Representative, you might remember him, Bennie Thompson, the guy from the January 6th Committee that lost all of those interviews and kept out exculpatory information about Donald Trump and the five people that would have testified that in fact he wanted to call up the guard but in writing the mayor of D.C. said, no, the same committee that didn't want to interview the Capitol Police Chief Sund on the issue of, oh, maybe, we need the -- we need the National Guard called up, he called for it many times, he was denied.Or maybe the big lie, of course, they had interviewed the Secret Service agent driving President Trump that day and they kept it from the public that Donald Trump never tried to commander the vehicle. Anyway, he introduced the legislation that would prevent Donald Trump and his family from getting the Secret Service protection. I mean, I mean, this gets beyond the pale.Anyway, joining us now, he's the head of the House Judiciary Committee, Jim Jordan, is with us.Sir, welcome back to the program.You know, you have your committee looking into the weaponization of our justice system. Jonathan Turley, a Democrat, called this trial today an embarrassment. He watched. He said in utter disbelief.He pointed out that you know the statute of limitations had passed. It's over eight years ago, this case, and now they bring it --REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah.HANNITY: -- with just days 196 before an election. They're trying to use a federal law that doesn't exist that was rejected by Biden's own DOJ.I -- if this isn't the weaponization of justice, Jim Jordan, I don't know what is. By the way, there's flames breaking out in New York City right now.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Hang on, if this was CNN, you'd have a reporter on the air saying it's mostly peaceful but go ahead.JORDAN: Yeah, I was going to say, Sean, you're exactly right and this is a continuation of what they've done to President Trump now for eight years. So, but what gets me is the Department of Justice wouldn't bring the case, the federal elections commission wouldn't bring the case, the previous District Attorney Cy Vance wouldn't bring the case and even Alvin Bragg himself wouldn't bring the case until -- until President Trump announced that he was running for president.And then, one of his assistant district attorney resigns, goes public and writes a book and that pressure on Alvin Bragg and the fact that President Trump was running for office is why the case was brought. It's ridiculous. Everyone knows it.So that's what all took place before. But now you have the judge whose daughter has been involved working for all kinds of Democrats and President Trump is not allowed to say anything? This gag order?And then, of course, last Friday -- this was probably the worst of all -- last Friday, the judge said we may not have the prosecutors share with the defense counsel, with President Trump's lawyers who they're going to call as witnesses. That always happens. You -- there's always this courtesy you get to know who they're going to call as witnesses and they're thinking about not doing that even.That is how much they're out to get President Trump. And, again, I think the country sees it for what it is, just a continuation, as you said, the weaponization of government, this lawfare against President Biden, and, frankly against so many others as well. But President Trump, of course, is the prime example.HANNITY: Well, you had before your committee at some point if I'm not mistaken and the issue of their star witness is going to be Michael Cohen. Your thoughts on that?JORDAN: Yeah. No, I mean, Michael Cohen came in front of the House Oversight Committee a few years ago and lied six different times. We did criminal referrals.Michael Cohen even said under oath in front of the committee that he didn't try to get a job in the White House. Everyone knew that was false. I mean, all kinds of people called him out on that one.But, yeah, this is their star witness. This is how they're doing their case.And meanwhile, of course, I think it's pretty obvious to everyone while they're doing this to President Trump, Alvin Bragg's not prosecuting the bad guys in that city who were doing so much harm to resident there in Manhattan, not prosecuting the real criminals, instead being political going after President Trump.But, Sean, this started years ago. They spied on his campaign, then it was Robert Mueller. Then it was impeachment. Then they raid his home.Then, it's the special counsel Jack Smith who indicts him in Florida and D.C. Then, it's Fani Willis in Atlanta. Then, it's Alvin Bragg.Then, they tried the 14th Amendment. Now, they're trying in this trial a gag order and not telling him who they're going to bring his witnesses. That's how much they're to get this guy, but he's going to win because the people see through it.HANNITY: I got to tell you, like everything else, watch this backfire and blow up in their face. That will be my prediction.JORDAN: Yeah.HANNITY: All right. Thank you, Jim Jordan. Appreciate it.We're continuing to watch the protest in New York City tonight.When we come back, New England Patriots owner, the one and only, he's also a Columbia alumni, Robert Kraft. He will join us after announcing he's pulling his financial support from the university over the growing antisemitic protest. Robert Kraft is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right, this is a FOX News Alert.We are continuing to monitor the pro-Hamas protests in New York City. Earlier tonight, police did clear out protesters at NYU in New York City. And we are now hearing, by the way, that they're marching toward New York Police Department headquarters also tonight, as outrage grows over the continuing antisemitic protests on the campus of Columbia University.Well, the school has just lost the financial support of one of their most prominent alumni. New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft has donated untold millions of dollars to Columbia. And the school's Center for Jewish Life and its football field are both named after him.And Robert Kraft has renamed -- remained active in the Columbia community for years. He's grateful he got a scholarship that got his life kick- started, anyway, appearing on campus, at school events, meeting with students and much more. He been very tied to the university, but now the blatant antisemitism on Columbia's campus is simply too great to ignore.In a statement today, Robert Kraft announced -- announced that he is -- quote -- "not comfortable supporting the university until corrective action is taken," adding that Columbia is -- quote -- "no longer an institution I recognize."Anyway, here with more to explain, the CEO of the New England Patriots. Our friend Robert Kraft is back.Robert, great to see you. Happy Passover. Thank you for taking time to be with us.ROBERT KRAFT, OWNER, NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Thank you. It's great to be with you, Sean.HANNITY: You said it was...KRAFT: You know, I...HANNITY: Go ahead.KRAFT: I never thought I would see what's going on in America, what's happening right now.And it really pains me to see it. We have our holiday going on now. It goes back to memory of thousands of years ago, where negative things were happening. And the same is happening now in this great country that offered so many opportunities to our families who came here as immigrants.And we have to keep it open. We can't have this intimidation that's filtering through all these colleges and the hate continue to grow and multiply the way it is.HANNITY: You know, I never thought in our lifetime, Mr. Kraft, ever, that we would be where we are today.And I thought you summed it up very well, how saddened you are at the virulent hate that continues to grow on campus and throughout the country. It's also the halls of Congress. It's also all throughout Europe. I never thought, out of Australia, people would chant, "Gas the Jews, eff the Jews."Robert Kraft, I never thought the world would turn this way. I thought we would have learned from history. Clearly, we have not.KRAFT: Yes, and it's very sad to me.And we -- but look at America. We have done research. And it shows 90 percent of the people in this country are good people. They just have to be educated. And we can't have them apathetic or misguided. We have to let them know. And they have to stand up and not be silent.And how -- it starts with the Jews, but then every group that feels marginalized, whether it be blacks, Asians, Hispanics, gay people, it'll just really impact the great fabric of this country, where people have freedom to operate and go the way they want. And now we have hatred and intimidation taking over.And I'm just thinking, when I went to Columbia, it was a place where people listened, were empathetic, had compassion. And now we have professors who, instead of teaching how to think, that they're trying to tell our young people what they should think.And I think one of the biggest problems that we have to do something about is really tenure in these universities, where people can do things and don't have accountability.HANNITY: Yes. You have tenured professors there that were celebrating October 7.Twelve hundred Israelis were slaughtered that day, the number of children that were burned to death or decapitated, the rapes that took place, the hostages that were taken.You talk with great affection about Columbia, and then you say you're not comfortable supporting this university until corrective action is taken. What corrective action would you insist on?KRAFT: Yes, well, I must point one little detail.I do still support the Kraft Center, which has been a haven for professors and students who don't feel safe.HANNITY: Sure.KRAFT: And I also have to compliment the mayor, Eric Adams, who I think he has been a stand-up guy, the police, Governor Hochul.And, really, that's made me feel good, to see that there are people like this who aren't afraid to stand up and have the courage to say the right thing.HANNITY: Robert, this has to stop. I think you need a new president there.And if these kids continue this, frankly, many of them need to be expelled.Robert Kraft, thank you.More "Hannity" straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. We have been monitoring all night tonight. Protesters now have made their way to One Police Plaza in New York City. That's NYPD headquarters. Anyway after they, of course, removed protesters at NYU.We'll have more than tomorrow.Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is next to put a smile on your face.