RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It also closed a month early. Broadway is not ready for Hillary, I don't thinkLAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'm just going to stay home.Raymond, great to see you.Jesse is next.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This is an assault on our country, a country that's run by an incompetent man who is very much involved in this case. This is really an attack on a political opponent.WATTERS: Democrats put Trump on trial, we go inside the jury.TRUMP: And Crooked Joe Biden is the demented tyrant. He is a demented tyrant.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It can mean "death to" or "down with.""Marg bar America."GROUP: Marg bar America.WATTERS: The real threat to democracy. Where is Biden?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I hope one day somebody brings the guillotine and kills all of you mother (bleep).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, there is more people underneath the boards.WATTERS: Migrant crime in the fast lane, Dog the Bounty Hunter on how to track them down.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: You are a crackhead.WATTERS: Plus --JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: Give me your best Joe Biden impression.(UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE falls down.)WATTERS: It was day one of Donald Trump's hush money trial, but the only one being hushed was him, because if he criticizes the case, the judge will throw him in jail.A Democrat prosecutor, Alvin Bragg keeping the Republican nominee off the campaign trail for six weeks. That means Donald Trump isn't even allowed to attend his son Barron's high school graduation. If he tries to go, the judge will throw him in jail for that too.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: As you know, my son is graduating from high school and it looks like the judge will not let you go to the graduation of my son who has worked very, very hard, and he is a great student, and just by the fact that he did so well, he was looking forward for years to have his graduation with his mother and father there.It looks like the judge isn't going to allow me to escape this scam. It's a scam trial.I can't go to my son's graduation and then I can't go to the United States Supreme Court, that I'm not in Georgia or Florida or North Carolina, campaigning like I should be. It's perfect for the radical left Democrats. That's exactly what they want. This is about election interference. That is all it is about.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Piers Morgan actually had a good idea for once and said Trump should go to Barron's graduation anyway, and make the judge arrest him while everyone is throwing their caps in the air.Who is this judge anyway? He's a Biden donor. And the Biden-Harris campaign and Adam Schiff paid his family members millions. Who's the prosecutor? Alvin Bragg. A lazy Soros funded DA who fights Trump instead of crime.Half the felony charges that come across his desk, he downgrades to misdemeanors, but not this one. He takes a bookkeeping misdemeanor and Frankenstein's it into 34 federal felonies, a form of legal acrobatics that's never been seen in the history of American law.Bragg is arguing that Donald Trump should have paid Stormy Daniels with campaign funds and filed it with the FEC. If Donald Trump had used campaign money to pay off Stormy Daniels, he would have been indicted years ago. You can't spend campaign funds on personal matters.The campaign finance laws say politicians cannot use campaign money on personal expenditures like plastic surgery or buying new suits or golf club memberships, even though those things technically may help the campaign, they are personal and what is more personal than spending money to protect your marriage.He used his own money, his own lawyer to handle a personal matter.Bill Clinton paid off Paula Jones while he was president. He didn't use campaign cash. If donors were allowed to pay off politicians' personal expenses for things that happened years before they ran for office, you think the system is corrupt now? Just wait.Oh, and who's the star witness? It's a convicted felon, admitted liar, Michael Cohen. But the Democrats think this case is Marbury vs. Madison.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: How should we think about this moment in history?REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): Well, you know, Trump's people would like to trivialize and diminish the meaning of this trial, but in fact, it is perfectly emblematic of the others that are out there. They are all about electoral interference and manipulation that's a very serious case and I think the Trump people are going to be shocked how tuned in America is to what's going on here.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The media doesn't even read their own polls. A "New York Times" poll says three-quarters of Americans aren't even paying attention to these show trials. The people who are paying attention are the ones watching the mainstream media and those anchors won't even tell you the case has been brought by a Democrat and overseen by a Democrat donor judge whose family is being paid by Democrats.You know this because you watch Fox, you read, you do your own research, but the media thinks you're just a poor, dumb hillbilly, and you're just jealous of the smart Democrat lawyers who control the establishment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATIE COURIC, JOURNALIST: Socioeconomic disparities are a lot and class resentment is a lot. What an anti-intellectualism and elitism is what is driving many of these anti-establishment, which are Trump voters.I don't know if you've ever been jealous of what someone else has or resentful. It is such a corroding and bitter almost vile feeling.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Katie is saying, if you think these trials are a scam, you're just not smart enough to understand.Actually, we don't think they are smart at all. We think emptying jails, opening borders, and printing a gazillion dollars is stupid.If anyone is jealous, the media is jealous of Trump, his wealth, his status the way he captivates a crowd like they can't, right Katie?His drive, his connection to voters, his confidence, and let us face it, his record is just better than Biden's.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, HOST, "REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER": They saw Trump killing it -- killing it with the crowd. Then you come to a panel of six people who all just do nothing but dump on him and call him a liar, and America goes, oh, didn't you just see that we like him?COURIC: He is killing it. He's not a stand-up comedian.MAHER: No but, popularity, it doesn't matter. He -- the people loved him and what he was saying, not to defend Trump, but to defend the people who still vote for him, because what they see on the other side, to them is even more dangerous.Because it is very closer to home: My kid is coming home from school and he thinks he's a racist. He's five. What have you been telling him? Those kinds of things are what they say that's why I'm voting for Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Here's what the media doesn't understand. They can talk about democracy all day, but it doesn't stick because people know when they're being lied to. We had more cash four years ago, we had less crime. It's that simple.Americans are willing to put up with Trump's drama in exchange for peace and prosperity. That doesn't make you a cult member, it means you just have a good memory. We know the trials are rigged. That's not going to stop us from getting rid of the one who is rigging them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, ABC NEWS: Will your support for Donald Trump continue even if he is convicted in Manhattan?GOV. CHRIS SUNUNU (R-NH): Yes, look, this trial is not going to have major political ramifications that a lot of people I think, think it may have.STEPHANOPOULOS: How you can say we should have him back in the Oval Office?SUNUNU: It's not -- because for me, it's not about him as much as it is having a Republican administration. We're going to have a pro-business economy. We're not going to have a cancel culture that has really infiltrated all across America.It's not about Trump with me.STEPHANOPOULOS That doesn't make any sense to me, Governor. I'm sorry. You're saying it's not about Trump, you're saying -- he would be the president.SUNUNU: What you're telling me is you don't understand why 51 percent of this country is supporting Donald Trump. It's not about just supporting Trump. It's getting rid of what we have today.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The issue is the majority of us don't get to decide the outcome of this case. 12 men and women from Manhattan do, a place where 90 percent voted against Trump.Jury selection now underway and Trump's lawyers spent the day trying to spot sympathizers. Trump sizing up potential jurors personally. Today, he "smirked" at them and made one woman giggle, which raised eyebrows according to court reporters.Trump is gazing into the eyes of jurors and trying to catch a vibe and why pay a jury consultant, Trump will just eyeball them and no who wants a dictator on day one.Remember what happened with O.J. Those jurors went in there to send a message. We know Trump can't get a fair trial. So how do we know who is who on the jury?Mark Geragos is a criminal defense attorney and featured in the Fox Nation special, "Menendez Brothers: Victims or Villains."All right, Geragos. You're doing jury selection. Already we found out that all bunch of White women were coming in and masks and just had to leave because they said they couldn't be fair.How do you pick jurors for this case?MARK GERAGOS, ATTORNEY: Well, you know, when Johnnie Cochran was still alive after O.J., Johnnie used to basically rent himself out to go around the country for jury selection, and Johnnie would sit at the table.And basically, he would eliminate all of the people that they didn't want, the people who hired him. He was like a magnet. He actually was kryptonite for the jurors that the people who hired him did not want.We've got the opposite here. There are people coming in and by the way, this judge who Trump has been vilifying has gone -- bent over backwards to ensure that this trial is going to last longer than you can even imagine, and it is actually under the guise of being extremely fair, because he is doing an individual voir dire.He is actually letting the jurors answer all of the jury questions individually, which is something that's unheard of. In 40 years, I have never had that even in death penalty cases and they are going to be able to read out, I think, in my humble opinion, all of what I call stealth jurors, because you worry in high profile cases that you will have stealth jurors. That's your biggest fear as a trial lawyer.WATTERS: I don't know if that's possible in Manhattan, but they'll probably give it the best shot and this trial will probably last 700 years. And then Donald Trump won't be able to go to Barron's high school graduation. Could you believe this judge might not let Trump go see his son's graduation?GERAGOS: Well, I had a case many years ago with a -- I was defending a Republican, believe it or not, and he wanted to go to his daughter's high school graduation and this judge who was a federal district court judge here in California, he recessed that trial so that my client could go to his daughter's high school graduation.Mind you the same judge did not recess where there were all kinds of wildfires going on around the courthouse, there was a massive calamity. So I'm very surprised, and I would be surprised if the judge held to that.WATTERS: All right, well, if he holds to it, then Trump wins in a landslide because you could see moms and dads across the country, even though if they hate Trump, they don't like that. Mark Geragos, he even defends Republicans. What a lawyer.Thanks as always, Mark.GERAGOS: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Well, Clay Travis lit up the left today. All it took was one tweet. He says: If you're a Trump supporter in New York City, who's a part of the jury pool, do everything you can to get seated on the jury and then refuse to convict as a matter of principle, dooming the case via hung jury. It is the most patriotic thing you could possibly do.And Clay joins us now. Clay, you aren't suggesting that there's a stealth juror that maybe is dishonest during jury selection, and totally boots this trial on purpose. Would you be suggesting something like that?CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Jesse, you know me. There are a few people on the planet with higher standards of just decorum. And as you can well see, by the way, I am dressed.Few people who are just more beloved in the entire legal profession than me. So Jesse, of course, I would say legally, I want everyone to behave in the absolute perfect fashion, but based on the indictment that we have seen, that you have read, that we have all been talking about for a year now, this is a bogus case.Alvin Bragg should be ashamed of himself for bringing this case, for trying to -- pardon the pun -- trump up 34 felonies associated with it, and to use a rigged jury pool like he has in New York City to try to curry favor with a 12-person jury.I think Trump based on all of the evidence that I have seen is innocent of these crimes, because, one, I think Alvin Bragg, typically he takes every case that is a felony and drops it to a misdemeanor, right? He does that in over half the cases that he gets.In this case, he is taking a misdemeanor that I believe is outside the statute of limitations, and he is elevating it to a felony based on what I believe is legally insufficient means trying to use another crime to justify elevating this to a felony.So what I would encourage everybody to do is look at all the facts of these case, the facts that are already out there. Now, maybe, Jesse, there is some massive smoking gun that has not been revealed yet, that could change my impression so far.But based on everything that I have seen, Trump is innocent. I do not believe that he is likely to get a fair jury in New York City based on voting records. And by the way, I would encourage, if you're going to strike anybody from the jury pool, anybody wearing a mask shouldn't be gone immediately, because they ain't going to be Trump fans like as a general rule.But you're not going to get 12 who are going I think to find Trump not guilty, but you might be able to find one or two who will actually apply the law here and say, I'm not going to try to get -- I'm not going to give a guilty verdict.WATTERS: Right. So you're not encouraging this, but you wouldn't be surprised if you saw this happening, considering the fact that they've been planning prosecutors, they've been colluding with prosecutors.TRAVIS: Correct.WATTERS: And everything they've done so far has been completely unprecedented and unfair. You wouldn't be surprised if there were stealth jurors who maybe went in there --TRAVIS: The reality is this --WATTERS: Yes. Who maybe went in there with like purple hair.TRAVIS: Jesse, everyone understands this is a political hit job. Right?WATTERS: Yes.TRAVIS: Everybody on the planet understands this is a political hit job. So the idea that you're going to find jurors anywhere who would made absolutely no preconditions and haven't analyzed this, they've done everything they can to try to get Trump, I think they're going to fail in DC, time wise in South Florida. We know that Fani Willis, your buddy is a disaster in Atlanta.They only have this left with Alvin Bragg, and it's the weakest of all the cases. It is bogus. It is illegitimate. And that is both from a legal perspective and just a rational, reasonable man or a woman standard.And so I hope that Trump gets a jury that is willing to actually look at all of this and realize that this is unprecedented in 240 plus years.WATTERS: It sure is.TRAVIS: If we want to have a jury, Jesse, I'd rather have a jury of 150 million voters than 12 people in New York City, trying to judge Donald Trump. Let's let 150 million people judge not 12. This is a sham. Everybody knows it.WATTERS: Well said, and everybody go watch "Runaway Jury" with John Cusack tonight. Thanks so much.TRAVIS: I appreciate it. Jesse. Thank you.WATTERS: Well, Johnny goes to Fort Myers Beach.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: What's going on with all of these Trump trials?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No reason for that at all. That is not okay.BELISARIO: What do you even on trial for?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No (bleep) clue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: On Friday, Joe Biden had a simple message for Iran.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Mr. President, Iran in this moment.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Don't.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The president say don't if you knew that Iran was going to do that anyway, after Israel targeted Iranian generals at an embassy in Syria, the mullahs had to save face and respond. But they couldn't respond effectively without feeling the full wrath of Israel and the US.So they telegraphed their punches. Since we don't have a relationship with the Iranians, the Iranians picked up the phone and called the Swiss and told the Swiss, this is the date we're going to do something. These are the missiles we're going to use and this is the flight path they're going to be on.So the Americans and the Israelis had all the time in the world to position their forces so when Iran did launch those drones and missiles, we shot every single one of them down, not a single casualty.And afterwards, Iran said it was a success and we are done. This was the biggest assault on Israel since the 1970s and nobody died.We're producing wars now, political theater.So the Iranians save face, and the Israelis get credit for showing restraint and can go back to wiping out Hamas and Gaza for a little longer.This was the most highly choreographed attack since "Saving Private Ryan."But now, Israel's defense minister says they're going to have to respond. So Israel not sticking to the script. That's not going to make Biden happy. He needs gas prices low in an election year.Biden is funding Iranian missiles and Israel's Iron Dome. This entire production is taxpayer funded. We hope you enjoyed the show.Joe Biden is playing a dangerous game here and I'm afraid to see how this ends.Pro-Palestinian groups led uprisings all across America today. In San Francisco, protesters shut down the Golden Gate Bridge for five hours chaining themselves to barrels.Pro-Hamas sympathizers targeted O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, blocking every lane of the freeway, forcing travelers to ditch their cars and sprint to the airport with their suitcases.The NYPD grappling with hundreds of anti-Israeli activists trying to shut down the Brooklyn Bridge. Traffic ground to a halt, wreaking havoc in Manhattan.Protesters parading around with the Hezbollah flag, lighting our flag on fire, and shouting "Death to America."(JULIO ROSAS/FRONTLINES VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't give a (bleep) about the USA. It should burn. Death to America. Death to Israel.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: They aren't just threatening the American way of life, they are threatening to kill our politicians.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RIDDHI PATEL, ANTI-ISRAEL PROTESTER: I remind you that these holidays that we practice that other people in the global south practice believe in violent revolution against their oppressors. And I hope one day somebody brings the guillotine and kills all of you mother (bleep).We'll see you at your house. We will murder you.MAYOR KAREN GOH, BAKERSFIELD, CALIFORNIA Miss Patel, that was a threat. What you said at the end, and so the officers are going to escort you out and take care of that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: That woman was charged with 18 felonies and then cried in court after threatening to kill a roomful of elected officials.Democrats have been catering to these folks. Squad leader Rashida Tlaib won't even condemn her own district's "Death to America" chants, and it could turn deadly soon.This summer's National Democratic Convention in Chicago, it is going to be ground zero for the Hamas wing of the Democratic Party. Left-wing groups gathered in Chicago this weekend and cheered on Iran's attack against Israel and then began chanting "Death to America."UNIDENTIFIED MALE: "Marg bar Israel."GROUP: Marg bar Israel.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: "Marg bar Israel."GROUP: Marg bar Israel.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It can mean "death to" or "down with." So can we get a Marg bar America. We can get a Marg bar America."Marg bar America."GROUP: Marg bar America.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: "Marg bar America."GROUP: Marg bar America.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So get ready, these home-grown wannabe Jihadis are threatening us in broad daylight. Biden silent. Is the president hiding because he is afraid of losing Michigan?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL MOORE, FILMMAKER: President Biden you can end this now. You know it is wrong? I know you know it's wrong. And I know I sound like a broken record, and I know that you know that you're going to lose this election, in part because too many people are going to stay home.They are not going to vote for Trump. They're not going to switch their vote from you to Trump. No, that is not how this is going to play out.As what happened to Hillary in Michigan, she lost by two votes per precinct, two for the whole state -- two, and that's what's going to happen to you.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden, playing politics with the Muslim vote better not be risking lives because those Death to America chants when I've seen them abroad, usually end in actual death.Former Navy SEAL and FBI agent, Jonathan Gilliam joins me now.Jonathan, I've seen a real, massive uptick in some of this violent rhetoric.The FBI doesn't really seem to be that involved. Biden has been silent. Are they going soft because of politics?JONATHAN GILLIAM, FORMER FBI AGENT: Well, I think they've gone soft because of ideology. And that's the reality that politics is just a part of the toolbox that the left uses, these activists, those are another part of it. They use careerists as well that are in the federal government and state and local governments.They use those individuals who have hooked their wagons to the left or to whoever is in office that want to get up in rank in these different agencies.So they have all these different tools in their toolbox that they can use, and I find it very interesting, what you were just saying about the Hamas leg of the Democratic Party, well, that's how Hezbollah actually came about in their power in Lebanon is that they started off as activists then gained over 60 percent of the government.So you know, these are tactics that they use that are proven. And as we see here, one person in a city council meeting can determine that somebody did something illegal and the cops will go after that girl who made that threat. But yet all these people make these threats every day all day, and nobody including the FBI, or state and local governments, and law enforcement or doing anything about it.WATTERS: How does it take so long to get these freaks off the bridge?GILLIAM: How did they get on the bridge because that's the reality of this. If this was conservatives or prolifers, this would be called insurrection, or it would be called a national security issue or some kind of threat to our rights in this country.The reality is, again, this is another tool in their toolbox they get out there they do these things over and over again they cause enough trouble to where law enforcement when it occurs they try to tiptoe around it and not hurt anybody because it's going to end up on the news.And so, they have crafted all of these tactics and that's the way that they work.WATTERS: Yes, just don't block bridges in Philly. That's not going to end well. I know a few guys, they won't put up with that.Jonathan, always a pleasure. Thank you so much.GILLIAM: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Dog is on deck.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: We don't really know what a second Biden term would look like. We hardly hear from the President and then when we do, he is just trying to convince us our problems aren't real. Trump on the other hand, he's an open book.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Job number one is going to be and as soon as we take office, we will seal the border. Is that okay?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And we're going to stop the invasion and send Joe Biden's illegal aliens back home.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: In Texas A smuggler was trying to outrun authorities veering his truck off the road, then taking off on foot. When the troopers searched the truck, they found 23 illegals under the flatbed. The smuggler is still on the loose.There was also a shootout in a bar in San Juan, Texas. Two of the people arrested were later detained by ICE, probably illegals.In New Mexico, Fox drones caught coyote scouts on the top of a mountain spying on law enforcement down by the border. And then they started pelting rocks at our drones. Look at this guy. Nice try.We told you how in New York, police were called when a migrant was getting violent at a hotel turned shelter. Cops tried to detain the illegal but were swarmed by migrants trying to protect the perp, blocking the doors so police couldn't hold the alien out.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: The chaos continued outside where a female migrant launched her body on to the cop's car to stop police from opening the door. She tried to assaulting the officers before she was restrained and then arrested.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Now, if Trump is elected you're going to see a lot of deportation videos that may look a little like that, and the media is going to melt down.Dog the Bounty Hunter is the author of "Nine Lives and Counting: A Bounty Hunter's Journey to Faith, Hope and Redemption."Dog, before we get to the book, which is fantastic. We got it right here.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: Thank you.WATTERS: Preorder on Amazon, and while you're at it, you can go "Get It Together," you know.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: Yes.WATTERS: When you approach these people, whether they're migrants or outlaws?DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: Yes, sir.WATTERS: This is what we're going to be looking at. Do you have any advice for Donald Trump if he assumes office again?Is he going to make you deportation czar?DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: I would like a job like that, and it doesn't matter who you are, what nationality, what tribe you belong to. If you're a law breaker and you're in this country illegal, and you were booted from another country, because you were a felon, and told to go to America, that's where we're going to start. It is the high priority, the top of the echelon, and they are going back and/or they're going to jail.When I first started bounty hunting 45 years ago, there were two bounty hunters. Today, they're 6,500. You have -- there are new laws, you can't be convicted of a felony in the last 10 years. We use nonlethal weapons that'll drop a mule. So get ready.WATTERS: What kind of nonlethal weapons would you use?DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: Well, the newest one they've got is the new pepper ball gun and it is designed to spin the body and it does not enter if you'd like -- unless you -- I had to take a 40-hour course. You cannot shoot above the neck or it would kill him.So pop-pop in there down. That's it. And what you want to do is put the person down to cuff them and then go from there.WATTERS: Right this is obviously the last tactical resort. We're not advocating just hitting people with ball guns.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: No, but --WATTERS: But Dog knows how to get things done and you've shown how to do it in the past.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: Yes, sir.WATTERS: The book is out. It is going to be out tomorrow. "Nine Lives and Counting." Tell us why this book is so important for people to buy.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: Well, it talks about my life and my walk with Jesus Christ, and I'm going to cry, I'm sorry.It was very -- a lot of people helped me write it, and I was thinking, you know what? I put over 10,000 felons in jail and now Francie, and I start speaking to people in the churches, and you know the story about the two felons that were crucified with Jesus.One of them said, if you're God, you get off the cross, and the other one said the two words, remember me, and Jesus said, today, you're going to eat dinner with me and my daddy.And so I'm supposed to follow the steps of Jesus as I be Christ like, so I'm going to take as many felons to heaven that I can, and this book is going to help me, it is like a calling card, if you're a felon, read that, and I don't mean just necessarily a felon, a felonious person.But you know, a lot of people committed felonies and haven't got caught. So my job now is to get them to heaven.WATTERS: I love you, Dog.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: I love you, brother.WATTERS: I love this book. Right here "Nine Lives And Counting." Get it on Amazon right now. And what's a good thing, you're wearing sunglasses?DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: I am crying all the time.I saw you and you go --WATTERS: Don't out me, Dog.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: I am sorry.WATTERS: Thanks very much.DOG THE BOUNTY HUNTER: Aloha. Thank you.WATTERS: All right, coming up.ANNOUNCER: New hoax alert. New hoax alert.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ANNOUNCER: New hoax alert. New hoax alert.WATTERS: We have a new hoax alert.As we said that's all the left has, so PRIMETIME is going to be exposing each hoax as they come in and this week's repeat offender is the Biden campaign.It started with this post on the official Twitter account Saturday night, clipping just 20 seconds of Trump's hour long rally in PA with this caption: "Trump wants to be able to override the Constitution to pick when elections are held." Here's what Trump actually said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: You look at this crowd, which you can't see the end of it, but you look at this crowd and in all fairness, we are six-and-a-half months away from -- that is a long time.Most of these candidates on the night before the election would have a crowd that would be their largest crowd and they wouldn't have anywhere near the people that we have right now. We're six-and-a-half months away.I wish we could move the election to Tuesday. Is there anything we can do? I want to move the election to Tuesday.You know in the UK, they can pick their election. They say, we're going to have the election next week. I want to be able to do that. Would that be possible?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So there it is. The move the election hoax added to the list, which for those of you counting at home, the dictator on day one hoax, the bloodbath hoax, the animal hoax, and you can't forget about the abortion ban hoax, this is how dumb they think you are. All they have are lawsuits and hoaxes.The FBI has officially opened a criminal investigation into the giant container ship that lost power and took down the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore last month.National correspondent Matt Finn with more.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Jesse, a new video today shows investigators climbing onboard the Dali cargo ship that crashed into the bridge in Baltimore last month killing six people. The FBI has now launched a criminal investigation into the 985-foot container ship which carries a Singapore flag.The probe is said to be aimed at finding out whether staff on board may have been aware of any technical or electrical problems with the vessel before leaving the Port of Baltimore.You'll recall the massive ship lost power in the moments before it slammed into one of the bridges support pillars. In a statement to Fox Digital, the FBI confirms that the FBI is present aboard the cargo ship, Dali conducting court authorized law enforcement activity. The president and the governor of Maryland had promised the people responsible will be held accountable -- Jesse.WATTERS: Thanks so much, Matt.FINN: Sure.WATTERS: Johnny goes to Fort Myers Beach.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: If Donald Trump gets back in the White House, what is the first thing he should do?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The economy. We've got to get all this back in order. It is gone.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: I was in Fort Myers Beach, Florida this weekend to sign copies of I don't know if you've heard about it, "Get It Together" for fans, thousands of people came, 3,000 people police told us and they all loved Donald Trump and me, of course, so they also love Johnnie a little bit.He went out to the beach.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Who is going to win Florida?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald J. Trump, and everybody knows that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump.BELISARIO: Give me your best Joe Biden impression.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Couldn't tell you.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: Show us. Just show us. Stop playing around.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Sniffing) and then he is clueless.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't even know where to start. I don't even know where to start.BELISARIO: What's the first thing you want to see Donald Trump to if he gets back to the White House?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Give us our rights back.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Borders for sure. The economy.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Make peace. I mean, we have a lot of war right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Retribution, certainly.BELISARIO: Who do you want to see him give retribution to the most?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pelosi.("AUSTIN POWERS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BELISARIO: Who should Donald Trump pick as his vice president?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Okay, I do like Byron Donalds.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ron DeSantis.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Nikki Haley is -- she is well liked.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: I don't think so.BELISARIO: What's going on with all these Trump trials?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. I know they're trying to take our man down.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But you know something, I think it's a disgrace.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's all fake news.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No reason for that at all. That is not okay. What's even on trial for?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No (bleep) clue.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Bleep).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your guess is as good as mine. Pick something, he is on trial for it.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: Sorry, dad.BELISARIO: How are we going to secure these elections?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Educate the dumbass people that don't understand.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We cannot have all of these illegals coming in and voting.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Vote in person. Get out there.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Clean up the voters.BELISARIO: My grandma and my great grandma are still getting ballots.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is that true?BELISARIO: My great grandmother would have been 120.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: God bless her.BELISARIO: And she voted for Trump in the last election.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Imagine that.BELISARIO: Just kidding.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: You cannot say that, sir. You can -- please, please take that back.BELISARIO: In Florida we know the results of the election on election night, but in some other states we don't. Why?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Corruption.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We go in, we have to have our IDs.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Vote just the best, man.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BELISARIO: April 15th, Tax Day. Did you pay your taxes?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I was supposed to pay my taxes. I ran into some problems.BELISARIO: The IRS is going to come hunting you down.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I hope they do, to be honest. Come (bleep) get me.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)JUDGE JUDY, TV PERSONALITY: Are you out of your mind?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am retired. I turned 65. I'm too old to pay taxes.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: Try being 110 and do it again.BELISARIO: How crazy are these taxes?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Crazy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The middle class is being wiped out.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Taxes are nuts. It's unreal these days.BELISARIO: How about inflation?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh my God. I cannot stand it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Biden does not know what he's doing. He just wants to take everyone's money and then act like our world is happy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Inflation is absolute insanity.BELISARIO: What's more expensive now than it used to be?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pick something, Johnny. Everything is more expensive now than it used to be.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Meat. We love meat.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Gummy bears are $5.00. They are $5.00.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I had to pay almost $400.00 for a six-month gym membership.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Razors.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is not a good look for me.WATTERS:` Jesse Watters was here in Fort Myers. Did you see him?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we did see him. Jesse Watters signed her book.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hey.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Fort Myers loves you Jesse Watters.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Fort Myers Beach, we are all supporting you. All right. Blessings.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Before we get to the book, our stage manager, Akela had a birthday. There she is. She's back from vacation just looking sun-kissed Happy birthday. I won't tell anybody how old you are. But she's not single guys. She's taken.All right. We had a great time over at Fort Myers, sold a lot of books. Tito Ortiz made a cameo, and people got a little creative with the costumes. I signed that man's forehead. Didn't think I'd sign a man's forehead. But there is Frenchy Firecracker. She is always e-mailing us at "The Five."Greg who? Exactly.We got a lot coming up Beach Haven, New Jersey April 20th; April 27th, Vero Beach, Florida. Mendham, New Jersey on May 5th, and May 25th, Yorba Linda, California.Let's do some texts.Diana from Fort Myers: Jesse, does your hand hurt from all those autographs in Fort Myers? No, but my butt does.Martin from Ohio: Trump needs to go to Barron's graduation. This is a milestone for Barron and he deserves to have his dad there.That's right. Go anyway. Make them arrest you.Don from Florida: Biden's foreign policy, it depends on what the definition of don't is.Don't.Duke from West Virginia: Send Dog to clear those bridge protesters, yes. with that little pellet gun. Kaboink.I'm Watters and this is my world.