MIKE DRAGICH, MMA FIGHTER AND MILITARY VETERAN: Must be a misunderstanding which video you showed because I can't see it.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, I got you.DRAGICH: Yes, yes.INGRAHAM: It is the wild one when you were at the school which is -- you're crazy.Mike, we love you, but you're completely crazy in a good way. Thank you for keeping people safe out there.Say hi to your father-in-law. All right, that's it.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I love to talk to people. I'd love to say everything that is on my mind, but restricted because I have a gag order.WATTERS: The real story about Donald Trump's gag order.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Hush up, boy.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Bleep) Israel. (Bleep) Zionism. Please say it. One time.ALEC BALDWIN, ACTOR: Could you do me a favor? Could do me one quick favor?WATTERS: Alec Baldwin snaps, again,BALDWIN: Get the (bleep) out of here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And we had to sit in there and watch them clean up her blood off those tables and ground. And we had to watch them take her out with blood dripping down her feet and I will never forget that.WATTERS: Trans hitlist and the bloody beat down.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What if that was your daughter?CROWD: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What if that was your daughter?WATTERS: Plus --(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: The trial of the century, day six, the crime the Democrats still haven't named. They call it hush money, we call it a porn star shakedown. Nothing in the law calls either illegal.Trump's free speech went on trial today. Democrat prosecutors want the former president fined for talking, a thousand dollars a pop. Something tells me that won't make it stop.Bragg is begging the judge to gag the Republican nominee for president from talking. The prosecutor complaining he did it right here in the hallway outside. Oh, no. Right in the hallway outside? You have one president who acts like he's gagged, never talks and you have another president who, let's face it, a little gagging sometimes wouldn't hurt him -- but it's unconstitutional.Democrat judges and prosecutors can't make up charges just to muzzle Republicans in election season.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: They have a gag order, which to me is totally unconstitutional. I'm not allowed to talk, but people are allowed to talk about me.I'm not allowed to defend myself and yet other people are allowed to say whatever they want about me.This trial is all Biden. You know, this is all Biden, just in case anybody has any question and they are keeping me in a courtroom that's freezing by the way, in a courtroom, all day long while he's out campaigning, that's probably an advantage because he can't campaign. Nobody -- nobody knows what he's doing. He can't put two sentences together.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: They could put Rachel Maddow on the jury and Trump still wouldn't be allowed to talk about it. They could bring Bigfoot in as a witness and Trump would be fine for saying Bigfoot is real.The trials first witness, the man who ran the "National Enquirer," David Pecker. He testified that he's helped catch and kill negative stories about Trump for years, which isn't illegal the last time we checked. And since it's been going on before Trump was a candidate, it proves the arrangement was personal and not a campaign violation. That should blow up the prosecution's case right there.Pecker testifying: "I was the person who thought that a lot of women would come out to try to sell their stories, because Mr. Trump was well-known as the most eligible bachelor and dated the most beautiful women."Now after Trump heard this, he leaned over and whispered something to his attorney and the attorney smiled. It's a guy thing. Pecker testified that one time, a doorman tried to sell a story about Trump fathering a child with his housekeeper. Trump's lawyer at the time, Michael Cohen said Trump would take a DNA test to prove it wasn't true. And said it'd be impossible for an Irish German to father a Hispanic child anyway.These are the kinds of things celebrities and billionaires like Trump deal with. Trump's financial success is largely based on his brand and if his brand takes a hit, true or false, his financials take a hit.People will say anything for a paycheck and people will pay money to protect their brand. And what's the fuss? Catch and kill is how Democrats win elections.Tara Reade leveled sexual assault allegations against Biden last campaign, the press suppressed it for months. The media caught and killed the laptop. The media caught and killed Ashley Biden's diary. The media caught and killed the Epstein story to protect the Clintons. The media caught and killed the Obama-Farrakhan photo to protect the Messiah.The media catches and kills countless negative stories about Democrats every darn news cycle. The "National Enquirer" does it for Republican and the Republican go to jail for it? No.After Pecker, they are going to call the next witness, Michael Cohen, the star witness who admitted under oath he's a serial liar.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER DONALD TRUMP ATTORNEY: I've been convicted on five counts of tax evasion.REP. GREG STEUBE (R-FL): You stood before multiple congressional committees before today and raised your right hand and sworn oath to be honest, and you lied to those congressional committees, is that correct?COHEN: Previously?STEUBE: Correct.COHEN: Yes, sir.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: A reporter for the magazine, "Vanity Fair" has reported that she interviewed you then very next day on February 14, 2018 about the payment and reimbursement and she wrote: "Last February 14th, I interviewed Cohen in his office about the statement he gave the FEC in which he said Trump didn't know about the Stormy payment or reimbursed him for it." Do you recall this meeting with the reporter?COHEN: I do.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So Mike Cohen was going to write a book. It was going to be a pro- Trump book, because he needed the money and then his legal bills started piling up, and he pitched an anti-Trump book that would pay him more money instead. And now Cohen is making money off this book as the star witness plugging it on his podcast. Yep, that's right. The star witness of the trial of the century has a podcast. Why not? But he says he isn't the star witness. He's just a narrator.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COHEN: He's sticking his thumb in the judge's face. He doesn't care. And in fact, I don't think he's going to stop. I think he's going to actually press Judge Merchan to do something more than hit him with the $1,000.00 fine, because that thousand dollar fine, as you rightly stated, doesn't mean (bleep) to him.I don't want to be a witness in the case. I don't call myself the key witness, I say I'm the narrator of the story.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The star witness of the trial is century is allowed to narrate the case, put the actual star, the defendant, can't. Trump can't live tweet the trial of the century, but every reporter and witness can. This is a political show trial that Trump is not even allowed to describe.Trump's gagged, there are no cameras and voters have to trust what reporters in the room say happened. The same reporters who pushed the Russia, laptop, and lab leak hoaxes and just started pushing new ones like bloodbath, animals, and dictator on day one -- and anytime Trump opens his mouth, reporters call him a liar.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIEL DALE, CNN REPORTER: He said this case is all Biden there is zero -- precisely zero evidence that President Biden had anything to do with bringing, orchestrating running this case. So he says that pretty much every time, it is completely out of thin air.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now we asked CNN for comment about this because Joe Biden's number three guy at the Department of Justice left the Biden administration to resuscitate this dead case and delivered yesterday's opening argument.CNN refuses to connect the dots. They say this. CNN's Daniel Dale has addressed this numerous times via factchecks on air and online. Biden's fingerprints are all over this and CNN says there is no evidence because they won't dust for prints.Politics is personnel. If one of Donald Trump's lawyers left the campaign to work in the Santa Fe DA's office, and all of a sudden the DA's Office added nowhere brought homicide charges against Alec Baldwin for the "Rust" shooting death, you might say there's some evidence that Donald Trump was behind the Baldwin charges.Tish James is taking meetings at the White House. Fani is partying at Kamala's. Lover Boy is meeting with the White House counsel and Jack Smith's guys met with the White House, too. And this is just breaking, Special Counsel Jack Smith has been trying to hide the Biden White House fingerprints, which are all over the documents case.We're getting unredacted documents that say the Biden White House was guiding the criminal case against Trump. Right after Trump left office. The Biden White House Counsel immediately stepped in to the National Archives investigation. Deputy White House Counsel Jonathan Su told the National Archives lawyer, "Could we discuss the process before anything is provided to Trump?"The National Archives lawyer called this atypical, the fact that they were consulting with the White House.Then the Biden administration instructed the National Archives to revoke President Trump's executive privilege. And then the White House directed the National Archives to refer the matter to the Department of Justice, spearheading the FBI investigation, codenamed Plasmic Echo, kind of a stupid codename.Besides a few classified documents that Trump claimed privilege over, the FBI also found Rocket Man's love letter. The letter Obama left Trump in the drawer of the Resolute Desk and oh my goodness, even the poster board of the Hurricane Dorian, you know, the one that Trump marked up with a Sharpey headed for Alabama.Most of the boxes were printed out articles and memorabilia, but Biden says he had nothing to do with it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't want to get myself in the middle of whether or not the Justice Department should move or not move on certain actions they can take.I agreed I would not tell them what to do, and not in fact engage in telling them how to prosecute or not.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A serial plagiarist would never lie, would he? Someone that said his family never took China money would never lie would he?And the Biden White House was revoking Trump's privilege and directing the Archives to meet with prosecutors, President Biden was scrambling to cover up classified documents that he'd been stashing all over town.Biden was trying to nail Trump to the wall while dispatching staff to multiple locations in different states to figure out what classified documents do I have and where? And when if Trump goes to trial on the classified documents case, he won't be allowed to say any of this, because we'll probably be gagged, and that's the point.Joining us now former US Attorney Jay Town, and former FBI Special Agent Stuart Kaplan.All right, Jay Town, this gag order, is this legit?JAY TOWN, FORMER US ATTORNEY: It's a constitutional and legal absurdity, Jesse.You know, so the legal standard for a gag order is that a judge or a court can restrain speech if there is an imminent and significant threat to the fair and just administration of justice.Now, if you can get to a point where you believe that calling Michael Cohen a perjurer, somehow is a threat to the administration of justice by pointing out that historical and legal fact. If you can even get to that point to say, okay, gag order might be initiated here, you still have to balance it against the First Amendment and the First Amendment is universally understood, especially with political speech, which that's what this case is about, political speech.And Trump has a right to defend themselves. These witnesses are going on podcasts and television, and they're opining on Trump's guilt and Trump, according to Judge Merchan, I said it's universally understood except for perhaps in his chambers, but Judge Merchan is saying Trump you can't defend yourself from these attacks. You're just going to have to sit there and take it.This is -- again, this is -- it really goes to the permissive bias of Judge Merchan and it really is an unconstitutional absurdity.WATTERS: So the star witness can call Trump a liar, but Trump can't call him a liar, even though Trump's own lawyers are going to be calling Michael Cohen a liar in court and it is already proven a proven fact that he is a liar.TOWN: They've already done it.WATTERS: Yes, they've already done it. So how is this biasing the proceedings, it is not.All right, Stuart, we got this new information. These documents that have been unredacted. Jack Smith was forced to unredact. You've been looking through them, what do they show with regards to this coordination between the Biden White House, the librarian, and the Justice Department?STUART KAPLAN, FORMER FBI AGENT: Jesse, when the government's redactions are removed, and the curtain comes down, It's very telling, and it's very telling how ugly it really was at the time that President Donald Trump was leaving the Oval Office.Just moments after he left, there is no question because of the revelations that are telling within these documents, that there was an orchestrated effort between the White House and the National Archives to zero in on Trump and basically orchestrate a story to suggest that Donald Trump and his team were noncompliant or not willing to cooperate.The irony and hypocrisy of that is that Gary Stern, who is almost a 25-year vet for the National Archives, drafted an e-mail and explains that it's generally a very chaotic time when you have a one -term transition, and he hadn't even -- they hadn't even completed the electronic transfer of the Trump administration e-mails and et cetera, and so he was trying to calm down everybody and to suggest that he doesn't understand the hysteria.However, it also was telling that it was being orchestrated by the White House behind-the-scenes.WATTERS: The White House is then saying, you know, librarians, why don't you guys refer this to the Department of Justice, and we're going to revoke the former president's executive privilege and then all of a sudden, the FBI shows up in Mar-a-Lago.KAPLAN: The FBI was inserted , Jesse. There is a memo May 5th, from Gary Stern, to the head of the National Archives. The FBI had already been inserted prior to May of 2021. That's less than five months after Joe Biden is sworn into office. I mean, the FBI being inserted and being utilized at the very infancy stages of orchestrating gathering these records, it is unprecedented, and it certainly shows the collusion between the administration sitting in the White House now and trying to railroad Donald Trump in this case that's pending in Florida.WATTERS: All right, Stuart and Jay, excellent analysis. Thanks so much.TOWN: Thanks, Jesse.KAPLAN: My pleasure.WATTERS: The reformed Amish stripper and Alec Baldwin snaps, ahead on PRIMETIME.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Nobody is safe from the pro-Hamas protesters, not even Alec Baldwin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Alec, can you please save "Free Palestine" one time? Why did you kill that lady? You killed that lady and got no jail time? No jail time, Alec?No jail time, Alec. You're putting innocent people in jail, Alec Baldwin. Free Palestine, Alec. Just one time and I'll leave you alone.I'll leave you alone. I swear. Just say "Free Palestine" one time. One time. One time. One time.BALDWIN: Get out. Call the police.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: One time, Alec. You know he is a criminal. You know he is a (bleep) criminal.Come on, Alec, just say "Free Palestine " one time. One time. Just one time, please and I'll leave you alone. "Free Palestine." (Bleep) Israel. (Bleep) Zionism. Please say it. One time.BALDWIN: Could you do me a favor? Could you do one quick favor?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: After Alex swiped the phone from her, the two spilled onto the sidewalk and then Baldwin stormed off. The protester goes by Crackhead Barney. She's a character. We will ask Johnny once, we won't show it to you again.But we get why Baldwin is upset. He's a movie star. He should be able to handle himself a wee bit better. Baldwin's always getting himself into trouble. He got to do it with a pro -Hamas protesters just a few months back. Police had to escort him out.Sometimes it's hard to blame Baldwin. The guy is kind of a hothead. Fighting with paparazzi, we get it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BALDWIN: You're the one that almost hit my wife with a microphone in the face?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I did not almost hit your wife.BALDWIN: Oh, you didn't. Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I honestly did not.BALDWIN: Yes? You want to apologize to her on camera?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I --BALDWIN: I asked you a question. Do you want to apologize to her?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I did not --BALDWIN: I asked you a question. Okay, then get the (bleep) out of here.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, when somebody tries to get under my skin, I always think to myself, what would Johnny Carson do? Probably smile, wink and walk away.Now these protesters are everywhere. They found New York City Mayor Eric Adams on a plane.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are you Eric Adams?Yes, (bleep) you. You support the genocide in Palestine. There are homeless people all over New York and you're always partying. You don't actually care about the citizens of New York.Why are you even in Miami? You know there are people being arrested there, people are homeless in New York. People cannot afford food, you keep cutting the education budget so you can fund the police. That's all you care about. Funding the police. Everything is underfunded because of you.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The mayor didn't go Baldwin on the girl. I mean, he has got a guy for that. Thank God.While Donald Trump's been trapped in a freezing courtroom, he has had a front row seat to the pro-terror takeover happening on college campuses across New York. Joe Biden said there were fine people on both sides.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you condemn the antisemitic protests on college campuses?BIDEN: I condemn the antisemitic protests, that's why I've set up a program to deal with that. I also condemn those who don't understand what's going on with the Palestinians.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Fine people on both sides. I only see one. I don't see Jews chanting "Death to America," lighting fires and assaulting cops. Trump called it a disgrace.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: What's going on at the college level -- the colleges Columbia, NYU and others is a disgrace and it is really on Biden. He has the wrong signals. He's got the wrong tones. He's got the wrong words. He doesn't know who he is backing, and it's a mess.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Democrats across the country showed how weak they were in 2020 when they let their cities and states burn at the hands of BLM. Now Biden is in the driver's seat and these radicals know that no one's going to hold them accountable.Even Fetterman thinks this is Biden's Charlottesville. He says: "Add some tiki torches and it is Charlottesville for the Jewish students."Jihadi coeds flooding the streets with flares calling for an Intifada. This is happening while Hamas still has Americans hostage.Fetterman not as polite as I am.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): It's completely reasonable to want a ceasefire or to have a different view on that. Absolutely. That's democracy, but it is not appropriate or legal or it's helpful to advance your argument if you show up in a Starbucks with a bullhorn and start yelling at people and that doesn't make you noble it just makes you an asshole.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Last night, around 150 wannabe Jihadis were arrested at NYU after the NYPD was brought in to break up the terror encampments growing on campus. But the students and faculty, yes, there's faculty there. Didn't go peacefully.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Arab Spring Break spreading West. California students took over a building and beat on police.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: These protests morphed from Democrat Charlottesville to their very on January 6 in just a matter of days. The movement is out for blood and they're gaining steam.Now, PRIMETIME has noticed something interesting about the makeup of these protests. A lot of women, we find it surprising.Hamas rapes women, kills babies. Not exactly the friendliest group of people to get behind. So why are women falling in love with Hamas?Dr. Chloe Carmichael is a clinical psychologist and a Columbia grad. She joins me now.So Doctor, why do we see such a strong ratio of women to men in these pro- Hamas protests?DR. CHLOE CARMICHAEL, CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST: I don't know, Jesse, that baffles me just as much as Queers for Palestine.WATTERS: Yes.CARMICHAEL: But as a clinical psychologist, I can say that women are higher on nurturance, agreeableness, and trust. And so I can only speculate that, you know, women also do spend more time on social media and so they are easily more influenced by social media, which we know does lean left.And if somehow they've got the idea through all of this social media and kind of an agreeable nature of believing what's being said there, that Hamas is in some insane way, the victim, maybe they feel the need to nurture or, you know, protect Hamas.Also, women are more likely to want to please authority figures. And as you mentioned, the faculty are even showing up which is completely despicable at these university protests. On some level, you know, women are graduating colleges at very high rates, it's a good thing in some ways that they like to please the professors. But you can see that it can really go off the rails if the professors are going in the wrong direction.WATTERS: I wonder if they're getting better grades by showing up to the protests? That would be some radical form of extra credit.CARMICHAEL: We know that extra credit is given -- exactly. We know that extra credit is given for showing up and doing "activism." You know, and again, these are the same women that freak out about toxic masculinity if a man spreads his legs too wide when he sits down on the subway. And yet, you know, they're out there chanting about Hamas.I think what also has happened is that women have sort of clicked into this oppressor-oppressed mentality, and they somehow see themselves as adjacent to whatever group you know, they're being fed as the oppressed group. And that's why again, it baffles me but you can have women that are going to you know, call the police if somebody misgenders them, and yet they'll also show up at a Hamas rally. It is baffling.WATTERS: Yes, you say women want to nurture. What about us? Men like to be nurtured.CARMICHAEL: Exactly. Well, but the thing is, is that women are no longer allowed to go in and nurture just, you know, good old fashioned American men because those are labeled as toxically masculine, right? And then we are spending all this time on social media which we know does lean left.WATTERS: Yes , well --CARMICHAEL: What can we say?WATTERS: Not the JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME Instagram account, which you should check out. I highly recommend it.CARMICHAEL: Will do.WATTERS: All right.CARMICHAEL: Dr. Chloe's got one, too.WATTERS: Dr. Chloe, hit it up. Thanks so much.Biden bailed out this violinist who didn't pay student loans.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: For the last four years, Americans have been forced to make tough financial decisions. Do we eat out or do we stay home and cook? Do we lease a new car? Do we keep the clunker? Is Christmas going to be a little thin? These are tough calls. But in the Biden economy, we're all forced to make them.I mean, if we got to thousands of dollars into debt, it's not like someone is going to bail us out right? Wrong.Meet Joel. He's a 49-year-old musician from New York City. He spent nine years studying music in college, undergrad and a master's degree but when he got out, he realized playing the fiddle doesn't pay the bills.According to Business Insider, Joel racked up some serious student debt and realized he had a difficult choice to make.He "grew to realize that the only way he could make a significant dent in his student loans was by switching careers. He didn't want to do that, because he loved working in music. So he decided to keep his larger student loan in forbearance." So he kept on jamming, while his debt racked up tons of interest.Well, that was until this past Feb when he got an e-mail from the White House, letting him know that the quarter million dollar bill he'd racked up went, poof. Who paid for it? You did.You're welcome, Joel.Quarter mil is life changing money, but Joel told "Business Insider" that the news didn't really make him jump for joy. He's just glad he can start investing in his long term goals like taking an Indian meditation sabbatical to study with his teacher.So even though you're tightening your belt, you can rest easy knowing you've paid off Joel's $250,000.00 student loan while he is doing downward dog in Calcutta.And there are plenty more Joels out there. There's 82-year-old Karen, whose dreams of professional photography saddled her with $175,000;00 worth of debt until October, or 70-year-old Patricia, an aspiring artist who had just an $88,000.00 forgiven -- all thanks to Joe Biden.You know, paying off someone's loans is a pretty nice gift. I wonder how they'll repay him in November.Nationally syndicated radio host and author, Dana Loesch.Dana, a quarter million dollars went to Joel. Joel --DANA LOESCH, NATIONALLY SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: Who needs to get a job. Joel needs to get -- Joel needs to get off his ass and get a job, Jesse, I'm being honest here, 49 years old and you're still trying to make it as a musician? Maybe grow up, man up, and get a real job so that you can support somebody else besides your Mountain Dew Livewire, Cheetos eating, fiddle playing habit.I mean, for crying -- you have to grow up at some point. It's not everybody else's responsibility, Jesse, to assume -- these people are older than me. Why am I paying their debt? I came from nothing. I came from nothing and I didn't accrue all of that debt. Because I've worked my butt off. I got scholarships. And if I couldn't afford it, I didn't go into debt for it.And if people are mad at me saying that, Jesse, then they need to blame Democrats who put all of this under their control.This makes me so mad.WATTERS: Joel doesn't want to. He doesn't want to switch careers. He likes playing music.LOESCH: Oh, you know what? I didn't want to actually get up and go to work this morning. I wanted to stay home and play Dark Tide all day on my Xbox. But guess what? I'm a grown ass woman, Jesse. I have bills to pay.I had to get up and I had to go to work and I had to do work. That's what we do. That's what adults do. That's what responsible citizens who understand duty do. And if they're not following through, I think that they have to question their failed citizenship. Honestly, you're screwing over your neighbor, the fellow taxpayer.Jesse, we just had National Government Theft Day last week.WATTERS: Well, we just --LOESCH: I am sure, is everybody happy with this?WATTERS: We just hope he has a nice time in his meditation sabbatical in India. We hear the weather's beautiful, and hopefully he can send some pictures to us so we can put them up just show everybody how transcendent he is. Thank you.LOESCH: I feel like we're living through the movie PCU with Jeremy Piven, and you have like at the very -- yes.WATTERS: We are going to invite Joel on the show.LOESCH: You're studying meditation, you're studying your 2000-year double language, Sanskrit, really? I mean, for crying out loud. Get something that actually makes money.WATTERS: Dana, nine years in college for music. You can just practice at home. You don't have to take --LOESCH: He was just there for the chicks. He wasn't there to study music. He was there -- and at some point, it's weird. When you're in college for nine years, you become the weird dude there. You become the weird creeper who's like horn-dogging on all the younger college students there. You've got to stop. This is so gross.WATTERS: With a hat like that, he's probably beating women -- he is probably knocking women away with this violin.LOESCH: I can't even see it, but I just get -- I just hope that Joel gets a sense of who he is.WATTERS: He looks like Weird Al Yankovic.I want to talk about Joel for an entire hour --LOESCH: I'll try to explain everything.WATTERS: All right, I've got to go. We're going to have everybody text the show about Joel and Joel, if you're out there we do want you to come on we want to hear your side of the story.Dana, thank you as always.LOESCH: Oh I definitely want to hear Joel's side of the story.WATTERS: I need a drink now.LOESCH: I want to know what we are getting for our investment. How much of Joel do I own?WATTERS: Too much. It is way too much. No one wants a piece of Joel.Amish strippers and a trans hitlist, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Joe Biden just gave Title 9 a sex change. The landmark sexual discrimination law which opened the doors for women in sports, education, and the workplace just got transitioned on Friday after the Biden administration expanded Title 9 to include transgender.The change would potentially undo bathroom bills in 10 states forcing schools to let trans students use whatever locker room or bathroom they want.The government is putting the interests of deranged surgeons above the rights and safety of young women. A 12-year-old little girl got her skull bashed in by another student at an elementary school outside of Philly. And parents say the attacker is a boy who identifies as a girl and the school is covering it up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was a teenage boy who beat on a little girl. I call it what it is. I don't care.Don't look at me like that, Mr. Fusco, you're a father. What if that was your daughter? What if that was your daughter?How come none of the article said that it was a boy attacking a girl? How come half the people here kept switching between he and she. If this kid was protected, simply because they were trans and not because of any other reason, that's not cool. They have a violent past.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Security tapes which the school is hiding show the attacker sneak up on the girl and beat her repeatedly in the head with one of those big metal Stanley Cups, screaming, crying, blood everywhere.It went down in the middle of the lunchroom and the entire student body is traumatized. Parents say the school was tipped off about the attack. A group of girls found out the trans student had a hit list of girls to bludgeon. So they did the right thing and told adults multiple times that day, who ignored it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED GIRL: I went to the guidance counselor and told her since I was second on the hit list, knowing that there was something going to happen. And I was told, watch your back. She -- he is going to come for you.I was terrified. And I told Miss Fitori that that was happening. And she said don't worry about it. It's not going to happen.And laying in bed last night, I just kept repeating in my head and we shouldn't have had to sit there watch her repeatedly yelling that "I'm going to murder you" and just hitting her with the Stanley and I don't get how like -- that you could have stopped it. It was five hours from when I told you it was going to happen.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And this mother reported a separate threat the student made to her daughter just days before.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If that was taken serious by multiple complaints. That little girl would have been in school today. And my daughter is traumatized.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So the transgender suspect was arraigned this morning where he -- you're not going to believe this -- hit a sheriff's deputy with a water jug and could face new charges for that assault.PRIMETIME reached out to the school for comment, they had nothing to add.In my book, "Get It Together," people from all walks of life opened up to me. They shared their deepest life stories and some of their most insane secrets.But just because we finished the book doesn't mean the "Get It Together" series is over. Today, we're talking to a reformed Amish stripper.Meet Naomi Swartzentruber: A woman who grew up in one of the largest and most conservative Amish communities. Naomi, like many of the Amish was sheltered her entire upbringing.The Amish don't use modern technology. Naomi was raised without television, internet, cell phones, not even electricity. She moved around in a horse and buggy or on foot. Her house was heated by fire and lit by candlelight. And she traded one extreme lifestyle for another.Naomi became a stripper and she joins us now.Naomi, please explain what it's like growing up Amish.NAOMI SWARTZENTRUBER, REFORMED AMISH COMMUNITY MEMBER: What's it like growing up Amish? As a child, I loved it because that's all I knew. I had lots of work to do. Starting at a pretty young age.WATTERS: A lot of farm work. Obviously, you didn't know who I was because you didn't have access to cable, which is really unfortunate. How did you survive that?SWARTZENTRUBER: With lots of farm work -- gardening, cooking, cleaning, making clothes. And there wasn't a lot of time for play. But that's just how it was and I survived.WATTERS: How did you move from being Amish to being a stripper?SWARTZENTRUBER: As a teenager, I rebelled. And then at 17, I ran away. My girlfriend took me to a strip club on a Friday night and before I knew it, I was on stage and it was very overwhelming, but fun at the same time and I ended up dancing for 20 years.WATTERS: Twenty years. How do you go to a strip club and wind up on stage?SWARTZENTRUBER: I didn't mean to. So my girlfriend that took me, she was -- she didn't tell me that we were going to a strip club. She just told me we were going out and then we were at a strip club, three girls came and started making conversation with me and then they grabbed me and brought me to the dressing room with my girlfriend behind giggling.And they stripped my clothes off and all agreed on a hot pink bikini. And they put it on me and pushed me through the door onto the stage. And I was like, oh, my goodness, it was crazy. And I thought about my Amish family. And I was like, I'm definitely going to hell for this.Everyone was cheering and clapping, and all excited. And I had $55.00 When I walked off stage, and I was like, wow, that wasn't that bad.WATTERS: So you're Amish, you became a stripper even though you knew you were going to go to hell. But the money was good. Was there anything besides stripping? Did it lead to drugs?SWARTZENTRUBER: When I would go on stage it was -- I felt very empowered. And for the first time in my life, I owned my sexuality and it was pretty amazing. And eventually, I started hanging out with the wrong crowd when I started going to college, and I started doing coke and then crack and once I got into drugs, I stopped going to college, I stopped going to work and it was just the beginning of the end.And that's when I realized that I needed to get away from the people that I was hanging out with if I ever wanted to have my life back together again.I really feel like growing up Amish gave me a strong foundation and the strength to move on and away from that.WATTERS: Any advice for other people that are going down a dark path? Stripping, drug abuse.SWARTZENTRUBER: Definitely, like seek, get support if you can, and just never give up. Like there's hope. If I can get through it. Anyone can. And it was very challenging and very hard at times, but I never gave up and just advice, just don't give up. You can do it. You can get away from that if you choose to.WATTERS: Never give up. Great advice from a reformed Amish stripper. Naomi, thank you so much.SWARTZENTRUBER: You're welcome.WATTERS: More PRIMETIME ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Mother's Day is around the corner. I know you didn't even know that. I'm just reminding you because you have no idea when Mother's Day is. Who doesn't know when Mother's Day is? It's right there on the calendar, obviously, I know. I obviously know when Mother's Day is which is why I'm already prepared and already have one of these great robes. "Proud American Mom," look at that. You go to the shop.foxnews.com and you can get one of these waffle robes with the slippers.Keep your feet warm coming out of the shower, it says "Proud Mom" on it. it doesn't really even have to be a mom. Can be a girlfriend, it can be a daughter. But they will wear it anyway because it's lush.You get t-shirts, too, definitely not made in China.And a fanny pack. You can keep your vapes in here. You can keep cash you can keep anything you don't want your kids or your boyfriend to look at or your husband. Penny rolls. Yes, you can keep penny rolls. You just clench them around your fist and then knock out anybody that tries to fight you. I'm going to give one of these to Alec Baldwin. "Proud American Mom."It's like the Fani Willis pack, but Fox News style. So go to Fox News Shop and check it out. Maybe there's a discount. Maybe there isn't.Let's do some text messages.James from Rhode Island: Cohen is the narrator of the Trump story. Can we please upgrade him for Morgan Freeman?Mark from New Windsor, New York: Trump should walk into that courtroom wearing a mink coat like Joe Namath.Man, it is cold out here. It's like 45 degrees.Mike from Rocky Mountain, North Carolina: Jesse, very good legal research. Ever consider being a lawyer?I did. I opened up the LSAT book. Got to the logic section. And then I almost had a heart attack. Closed the book. Doing much better as a non- lawyer who pretends to be one on TV.Knute from Tucson: Is the Ayatollah giving the commencement address this year at Columbia?I think years back, who was that Iranian leader? I think he gave a commencement address at Columbia. I attended it. I just don't even remember his name.Mahmoud something, I forget.Bill from Chesapeake, Virginia: First time I'd seen Alec Baldwin do something I liked.Got to admit. Kind of liked it, too.Gabe from North Carolina: Don't compare Joel with Weird Al. Al has a job.Yes.God, I love Joel. I'd love to wrap my --Jason from Kushla, Alabama: How is Joel not in "Get It Together"?Big missed opportunity there.Always remember, I'm Watters and this is my world.