BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts in just seconds.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The trial starts on Monday, which is long before a lot of people thought. The judge wants this to go as fast as possible. That's for his reasons, not for my reasons. And this is really a concerted witch hunt, very simple.(END VIDEO CLIP)PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS HOST: That was President Trump today. I'm Pete Hegseth in for Laura Ingraham and this is a special edition of The Ingraham Angle live on a Friday night from New York City.The stage is set for Trump's hush money trial. The trial jurors and six alternates finalized today for opening statements start on Monday. Nate Foy is live outside the courthouse with more. Hey, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Pete. So yes, opening statements set to happen on Monday. The jury is seated, and former President Donald Trump believes that the trial is being rushed. On Truth Social he says that he's being railroaded by Judge Juan Merchan. There were several contentious moments at the end of court today. At one point Trump stood up perhaps a bit early, the judge told him to sit right back down, and Judge Merchan also told Trump's legal team that they can't continue challenging each of his decisions in an effort to delay the trial.While leaving court tonight, Trump spoke about the judge and President Joe Biden. Listen hear.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Everything you heard in there, this is a witch hunt by numerous judges, Democrat judges. This is a giant witch hunt to try and hurt a campaign that's beating the worst president in history. Biden is the worst president in the history of our country, beating him by a lot.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Pete, the former president is also frustrated with the court's gag order. He feels that others can talk about him like his former lawyer Michael Cohen, but the gag order prevents him from responding. There will be a hearing on Tuesday about potential sanctions for possible gag order violations. Today, the court selected five additional alternate jurors, four women and one man, that means all 12 jurors and six alternates are now sworn in ready for opening statements on Monday.Take a look at this video, Pete, a crazy and disturbing moment outside the courthouse this afternoon. A man lit himself on fire. You're seeing the aftermath of that here. That man is in critical condition at the Cornell Burn Center tonight. Police say he came to New York from Florida within the past week and posted conspiracy theories online.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TARIK SHEPPARD, NY POLICE DEPUTY COMMISSIONER: We do not believe, he is, this was targeting any particular person or any particular group. We just right now labeled as a sort of a conspiracy theorists.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Judge Merchan promised a ruling on Monday morning before opening statements about what prosecutors can bring up if former President Trump testifies something that he has said he would like to do. We'll send it back to you, Pete.HEGSETH: Nate, thank you very much. They never reveal the name.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President Trump, are you going to testify?TRUMP: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Trump reiterating today, he will testify. But the gag order needs to be thrown out. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The gag order has to come off. People are allowed to speak about me, and I have a gag order just to show you how much more unfair it is. They've taken away my constitutional rights to speak and that includes speaking to you. I have a lot to say you know. And I'm not allowed to say. Everyone else can say whatever they want about me. They can say anything they want. They can continue to make up lies and everything.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Joining me now Fox News Contributor, George Washington University Law Professor, Jonathan Turley. So, Professor, help me out on the gag order. There's going to be a ruling on Tuesday. He's gagged, but he continues to speak. How do you see this playing out?JONATHAN TURLEY, GWU LAW PROFESSOR: Well, Pete, this is the troubling aspect of that order. These gag orders have become very commonplace for courts. But this is anything but your most common case. I mean, the -- you've got a defendant who's running for president in an election that is going to turn on for many voters, the weaponization of the legal system. This case is the best example of a politicalization of that system. This is a partisan prosecution, in my view, the case is legally absurd.And it's being brought for the political purposes and the timing by in my view, the district attorney's office. Now, that doesn't mean that there can be no gag order. But Trump has a point here with regard to Michael Cohen. You know, this is also another uncommon aspect of the case. You have a witness who's essentially campaigning against Trump not just talking about this case, but going on the air and campaigning against him as President calling for people to vote against him and you're telling a candidate that he cannot respond.In the very least, the judge could make exceptions with regard to witnesses who are now actively campaigning against a candidate for the presidency.HEGSETH: You think so. Nothing ordinary about any of this. You mentioned a witnesses, professor. The judge also decided that Alvin Bragg's team doesn't have to give advance notice of the witnesses who will appear to testify against President Trump. So apparently, his legal team will not even be allowed to know, right now they're giving them a single name, and it will come out on Sunday night. Can that be right? How does the defendant not have the ability to know who the witnesses are?TURLEY: Well, judges often let prosecutors in my view hold the names back to the very last minute, I'm a criminal defense attorney. And it drives me crazy. But I've not seen anything like this, because what the prosecutor said was because we think he's violating the gag order, we're not going to give him other names. Well, that's not one of the sanctions for violating a gag order, you can seek a $1,000 of violation, you could even seek jail time.But to endanger a fair trial and due process is not on that menu. And in my view, this is a case where the judge could have said no, come on, we're going to deal with that contempt, and I just might rule against the defendant. But if these witnesses may be called in the next 24 hours, you need to give those names over to the defense instead, the judge sort of shrugged and then said, I'm not going to delay this trial. We're starting on Monday.It's moments like that that caused me some concern that the judge has a good reputation with some, but on moments like that, I'm concerned that he could do more to guarantee the fairness of this trial.HEGSETH: But do you think the Trump team doesn't get to know what the charges are specifically many which are past the statute of limitations? Now who the witnesses are, and he can't talk? By the way, the President said, he reiterated today that he plans to testify. Real quick. Do you think he will? And is that a good idea?TURLEY: Most defense attorneys would crawl into a fetal position to have their clients testify in a case like this. But I wouldn't put it past Donald Trump, he tends to rush in. But also I think that he wants to make his case directly to the jury. It'll depend on Monday, and what the judge excludes from the prosecutors for cross examination.HEGSETH: Interesting. We'll be watching, Professor, and thank you for your breakdown. Trump railing against the lawfare campaign against him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This is a witch hunt by numerous judges, Democrat judges. You take a look at it, Engoron is a whack job, what he did was a disgrace. It's being reviewed by the Appellate Division, whether it's Judge Kaplan with a person that I have no idea until they called and said they're suing us, I had no idea who this person was or this judge, or if you look at Engoron where he said that at Mar-a-Lago, whichever was worth, 1 billion or 1.5 billion (ph). He said it was worth $18 million. Over the world they're watching it and all over the world they're saying it, this is a giant witch to try and earn a campaign that's beating the worst president in history.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Ned Ryun, American Majority Founder and CEO joining me now. Ned, is he right? And how are people perceiving this as they watch this unfold? No cameras in the courtroom, but they're seeing reactions, they're hearing about the judge's rulings. How do you see -- how is it playing out?NED RYUN, FOUNDER AND CEO, AMERICAN MAJORITY: Well, I mean Trump's absolutely right. I mean, this lawfare is a fundamental part of Biden's reelection campaign. I mean, Pete, you can't tell me all these cases coming together at this time in an election year wasn't highly coordinated by the Biden White House, in an attempt to take Trump out.I think a lot of people are watching, a lot of the normies, as I call them, are watching this. And honestly, when this judge told Trump, that he couldn't go to Barron's high school graduation, I would love Trump to do that to highlight again to the normies, the complete abuse of what's taking place.And you know, Professor Turley talked about, you know, he hopes that this this court case is about fairness. Fairness is not the point, Pete, the point is to take out the chief political opponent of President Biden in an election year. Biden can't run on anything else, right. Everything's gone to hell in a handbasket with him, the economy, with inflation, immigration, our foreign policy.So, they want to take him out with lawfare, take Trump out and if that doesn't succeed, and I don't think it will. I think Biden is pivoting to, we're not even worried about persuasion. I don't think there's going to be presidential debates, it's going to be --can we get more ballots than Trump and that's why they want to lock him down in these courtrooms, keep him off the campaign trail, keep him locked into these stupid and ridiculous lawsuits and keep him tied up sand in the gears with this campaign.But I will tell you this, Pete, looking at Marquette poll from a couple of weeks ago. I think it's very clear what Trump and Republicans need to be doing over the next six months in the face of this lawfare. Biden was up among likely voters by a narrow margin, you get to register voters that aren't sure they're voting, Trump's winning by 12. You get with unregistered people who love Trump, he's up nearly 30 against Biden.Republicans should be in an arms race right now with this lawfare, everything that's --HEGSETH: Yes.RYUN: -- taking place. They need to get low propensity Republicans in battleground states to get an absentee ballot and then you just start registering those pro-Trump voters. Yes, get them ready to vote. They do that enough numbers, they'll win.HEGSETH: You've got to find them. You've got to pull them out and harvest legally better than the other side does. Absolutely right, Ned. You mentioned take them out. And sometimes the Democrats really do show their cards and they did again today, that Democrats released legislation today that would remove a president, but it's Trump. That's what it is about. Trump Secret Service, if he's convicted of a felony.The Washington Times reports that Congressman Bennie Thompson says it's about making sure Mr. Trump doesn't get special treatment for whatever crime he might be sentenced. He's worried that having to accommodate a Secret Service protective detail could lead to accommodations for a former president. So, these are the people who accuse Trump of making it unsafe for judges and juries and family members and poll workers. But they're removing his security. That's what they would want to do.RYUN: Yes, I mean, let's face it, there's an element of the Left that very much would like to see Trump unprotected, quite frankly, see him dead. But this is a stupid political stunt by somebody with the IQ of a turnip. Bennie Thompson knows he's in minority, knows that this will have no chance of passing, but he's throwing a bone to the Left to make it look like he's actually doing something.But I really view this, Pete, obviously, they're giving into the worst impulses. But at the end of the day, it's a stupid political stunt that will go nowhere.HEGSETH: Yes, well, Bennie Thompson chaired the January 6th impeachment hearings as well, which were a choreographed TV show meant to only show certain clips to make Donald Trump and his supporters look bad. Ned, thank you for your time.RYUN: Correct.HEGSETH: Appreciate it. All right. Israel just attacked Iran, but the White House is refusing to tell Americans what's happening.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, what is your message to Iran in this moment?JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Don't.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Don't. Biden's don't diplomacy didn't work with Iran. Now after Biden had warned Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to use restraint and they didn't. The White House oddly has no comment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I know there's a lot, a lot of interest in reports from the Middle East overnight. And we understand that. We get that. I'm going to say it now. Though I know you all will certainly ask me about it. That we do not have any comment on the reports at this time.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: We know what the most important thing happening in the world is, but we're going to choose not to comment. Joining me now former U.S. Ambassador-at-Large. Nathan Sales, former Counterterrorism Coordinator under President Trump and Jim Hanson, former U.S. Special Forces and Chief Editor of the Middle East Forum. Gentlemen both, thanks for being here. Nathan, I want to start with you. No comment. Is that what passes for American leadership on the brink of a wider war?NATHAN SALES, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR-AT-LARGE: Well, Pete, no, it's not. And this isn't hard, right? The answer is, we support Israel's right to defend itself. A couple of days ago, last week, Iran sent 300 missiles, 300 drones into Israel, and thank God for missile defense because Israel was able to destroy 99 percent of the incoming, they just cleaned Iran's clock, because Iran wasn't able to touch Israel.The response overnight was measured and restrained. But it sent a very clear message to Tehran, we can hit you anywhere we want, anytime we want, and you can't stop us. This is a time for the United States to be patting Israel on the back and spiking the football because that kind of message from Jerusalem is going to help deter Iran from picking fights that it can't win.HEGSETH: No doubt. Well, Jim, I want to remind our viewers something that Joe Biden said on the campaign trail in 2020 about Trump. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The world has changed because what Trump has done, and the American people, including independents, and some Republicans know how bad he is. How he's getting close to getting us in a war. I said, there's a walls closing and this man, I'm worried he's going to get us to war in Iran. Unfortunately, I may have been right.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Or maybe you're the one that could get us in a war with Iran. That didn't age well, did it, Jim?JIM HANSON, CHEIF EDITOR, MIDDLE EAST FORUM: Well, with Biden, nothing ages well.HEGSETH: That's true.HANSON: And this is just another in a long list that's quite distinguished of his foreign policy failures. I think the major problem right now with the way the Biden administration is dealing with Iran is, they're clinging to this delusion from back when he was partnering with Obama to do cringing capitulation as their foreign policy, that they can bring Iran back into the community of nations if they just treat them nicely enough. And that is never going to happen.The idea that Iran doesn't mean to do these horrible things is insane. It's a feature not a bug in the Islamist system that they run. They are looking for Armageddon and they are willing to do what it takes to get to it and we're all just playing along as if that's something we can change.HEGSETH: Yes, they've had that view. I mean Obama had that view because he had a fanciful view of the revolution and rejecting the Shah and colonialism and now, we're stuck with Iran almost having a bomb, those -- these Ayatollahs.Nathan, the White House did issue new sanctions on Israel, though, they did announce that. They're targeting steel, excuse me against Iran. They're targeting steel and drone companies as well as 16 individuals, but not the nation's largest export, oil. So, why do you think they would hold back on a real sanction and not do something that would actually deter Iran?SALES: Well, Pete, these half measures are entirely symbolic. They're not going to do anything to constrain Iran's ability to create mischief across the Middle East. If you want to seriously constraint Iran, you've got to impose sanctions on their chief export, you've got to hit their energy sector. That's exactly what we did in the Trump administration. But fast forward to the Biden years.In the past three and a half years, past three years, Iran has been able to sell over $100 billion worth of oil, now that can buy a lot of bombs, a lot of drones, a lot of missiles, and it can be used to fund a lot of terrorist groups that threaten Americans around the world than to threaten Israelis.And so, like the fact that they're imposing sanctions on drones, I mean, my jaw hit the floor when I heard that, because not too long ago, this White House had the chance to snap back UN sanctions on Iran's drone program, but it was a swing and a miss, they just let that one go. So, a half measure like this, when they actually had something in place that made it illegal for Iran to sell drones or to buy --HEGSETH: Sure.SALES: -- ammunitions from Russia. That's the way to cripple Iran, not these half measures.HEGSETH: Well, and not to mention if you sanction oil and supply goes down and demand prices go up in an election year and oh, Joe doesn't want that right now. Unfortunately, Jim, we got to leave right there. Nathan, thank you both very much.At Columbia University once again in crisis. Anti-Israel student protesters continue for a third day as antisemitism runs rampant. Will there be more arrest tonight? We've got an update from the ground, next.(VIDEO PLAYING)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: The NYPD arresting over 100 pro-Hamas anti-Israel protesters yesterday. As more protests continue tonight. CB Cotton joins us now from Columbia University with the latest. CB.CB COTTON, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Pete. There have been protests happening both on and off campus today. We've watched droves of people make their way here to Columbia University protest right outside the main gates to encourage the students behind me who are calling on the university to divest from companies connected to Israel and sever ties with Israeli universities. We've heard songs, chanting, marching from the students behind me.Right now, we're going to try to go in and see if we can hear more about the student's demand. Stay with me. Wondering, can we talk to you guys about your demands for the university?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Would you mind we have like a media team, if you're interested in talking to people --COTTON: Can we speak with that media team?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Inaudible) recording for a second. Will that be, OK?COTTON: Well, I see there are other cameras here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I know so if you would mind stopping recording, then we can connect you with our media team.COTTON: Well, we just want to talk to you all about your demands for the university. We know that --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We understand.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Who are you with?COTTON: We're with Fox News.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Fox News.COTTON: Yes, that's correct.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK. Yes, we do have a press team.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you wouldn't mind stopping recording, I can direct you to them. But you have to stop recording first.COTTON: OK. So, you guys do not want to speak with us?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No.COTTON: OK.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, we can direct to you a press team.COTTON: OK.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We will speak to you.COTTON: OK. Well, we will reach out to the university. We were invited by the Columbia Journalism School, they told us we could come in with our camera to talk with you guys, to talk to protesters. And so that is why we are here. We do see other cameras inside.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Journalism never talked to us. So, I don't know why they would say on behalf of the students.COTTON: OK. The Journalism School told us they value that free press, they said we were welcome to come in and speak with students and what's been called a liberated zone. So that's why we're here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I will totally have a conversation with you. I would appreciate your respect.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We'll just walk for a second.COTTON: OK. Well, Pete, there you have it. We tried to go in, we tried to speak with some of the students, but they don't want to speak with us. And they're very selective about who they allow into this liberated zone. There are other cameras in there right now. We can see those cameras. But again, our camera is not allowed in. Pete, back to you.HEGSETH: Good on you for going in there. It's fascinating. So, you're a journalist, they're covering something they're trying to get attention for, yet they are covering their faces and won't answer your questions. Do you think that -- why do you think that is?COTTON: Well, I think, Pete, we're going to ask some tough questions that we're hearing from other students in this student body, from Jewish students and from other students who perhaps don't have particularly strong views about what's going on in the Middle East, but they feel that this ongoing protest is a distraction to the campus, it's disrupting the campus.And so, I think they're aware that we're going to ask them some tough questions. But again, we also want to hear their side too. Clearly, they don't want to share it with us.HEGSETH: Yeah, if you're going to harass and disrupt, you better be prepared to answer tough questions. That's what CB Cotton is doing for us tonight at Columbia. CB, thank you so much. Be safe.A Columbia student harassed on campus last night and caught it on tape.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Say it louder. Say it clear.UNKNOWN: Say it louder and say it clear.UNKNOWN: We don't want no sign of fear.UNKNOWN: We don't want no sign of fear.UNKNOWN: Say it loud and say it clear.UNKNOWN: Say it loud and say it clear.UNKNOWN: We don't want no sign of fear. We don't want no sign of fear.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: That Columbia student, Jessica Schwalb, joins me now. Jessica, you just saw what our reporter dealt with there. You described to me as we were talking about the incident you had, everybody's wearing a mask, everyone's wearing a kefir, and you got attacked. But you weren't taking a stance. You were just observing.JESSICA SCHWALB, HARASSED BY ANTI-ISRAEL PROTESTERS: We were completely neutral observers. All we did was pull out our iPhones and start recording. And a friend happened to drop the football that we were carrying because we were just having a catch right before we came over. And then when I picked up the football, they started targeting their chance at us.HEGSETH: Why did they target you?SCHWALB: I have no idea. And I wish I could get that answer. But all I know is that they started screaming at us. We don't want no Zionists here. Say it loud. Say it clear. And they also started calling us Nazis.And they backed us up until we couldn't move. I was actually pressed up against the hood of a public safety vehicle. And I had kefirs trying to cover my camera and kefirs being whipped in my face.I was being flipped off. My friend was shoved. And my one friend had to actually cut in and tell someone to back up. And then he went and got the NYPD. And we asked them, like, when are you going to do something?HEGSETH: Yeah.SCHWALB: And we sort of had to put ourselves, put the NYPD in between the protesters and ourselves. The NYPD didn't really seem to want to intervene.HEGSETH: Interesting. You didn't know these students. You tell me these are mostly Columbia students, you presume, maybe some outside agitators as well. They don't know you, but they assumed you're a Nazi?SCHWALB: Correct, yeah.HEGSETH: Because you weren't wearing the symbols? You weren't virtue signaling that you supported their cause?SCHWALB: Correct. That's my belief is, like, nowadays it's so polarized that if you're not wearing a kefir, if you're not masked up, you're anti- Palestine.HEGSETH: Wow. We have one more video from what happened to you last night. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We don't want no Zionist here.UNKNOWN: We don't want no Zionist here.UNKNOWN: Say it loud and say it clear.UNKNOWN: Say it loud and say it clear.UNKNOWN: We don't want no Zionist here.UNKNOWN: We don't want no Zionist here.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: So, these are your fellow students right outside your campus targeting you for beliefs they think you hold, but they don't even know you.SCHWALB: Correct.HEGSETH: Do you feel safe on your campus?SCHWALB: Right now, no. Actually, last night was the first night I felt the need to look over my shoulder as I was crossing the encampment that's now situated on one of the lawns in front of Butler Library.So, it seems to me that there's really a disconnect between what the NYPD can do to intervene and also what public safety on campus can do to keep students safe.HEGSETH: Not to mention what adults like university administrators should be doing to keep students safe as well. Jessica, thanks for being here, sharing your story. Stay safe.SCHWALB: Thank you.HEGSETH: You got it. All right, the squad to the rescue. They're now mobilizing to defend the entitled anti-Israel Columbia students.Rashida Tlaib calling any disciplinary actions appalling. Cori Bush accusing university administrators of targeting, saying we must protect free speech and dissent. And Ilhan Omar is now denying these protests have anything to do with Jewish people. No, no, no. It's only about being anti- war.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There has been a rise in targeting and harassment against anti-war protesters because it's been pro-war and anti-war protesters.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Joining me now is Stephen Miller, former senior adviser to President Trump, and founder of America First Legal. I mean, Stephen, leave it to the squad to just say out loud. They're willing to say, no, this has nothing to do with Israel, nothing to do with Jewish people. We're just anti-war. What do you say to that?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: When you accuse Jews of genocide for engaging in self-defense, it is one of the most monstrous libels I can possibly imagine. This is a military action against a terrorist army.There are half a billion Muslims in the Middle East. There's two billion Muslims in the world. The idea of the small Jewish state, which has friendly relations with its Muslim neighbors, like Jordan and Saudi Arabia, is on submission of genocide, is so heinous, so hateful, so inherently anti-Semitic, that for the squad to stand up for these demonstrators is to align themselves with the most virulent strains of anti-Semitism that define Joe Biden's Democrat Party.This is Joe Biden's Democrat Party of today. Hamas sympathizers. Say it like it is. That's what's going on here.HEGSETH: No doubt. I mean, Ilhan Omar's daughter, by the way, has a hammer and sickle on her Twitter bio. She wasn't a fan of her suspension from school. She's at Barnard, which is a sister school to Columbia. She wrote this.In my three years at Barnard, I've never been reprimanded or received any disciplinary warnings. I just received notice that I am one of three students suspended for standing in solidarity with the Palestinians facing genocide.And, of course, AOC came to her defense, writing, how does a student with no disciplinary record suddenly get suspended less than 24 hours after a nonviolent protest?Stephen, they were camping out on a lawn where they weren't supposed to be. You just heard the student we had on intimidating other students. Yet, somehow, they find a way to make it look like they're the victims spewing anti-American and anti-Israeli hate?MILLER: They're obstructing campus operations. They are blocking the free movement of other students to and from their destinations. They're engaging in rank physical intimidation.And, again, we return to that word, genocide. Falsely accusing Jews of genocide is the language that is used to justify terrorism. That's the bottom line. You accuse Jews falsely of genocide to justify the actions of Hamas, the barbarous, murderous actions of Hamas.But these are the voters. Let's be very clear. These are the voters, those college students, the voters who support the squad that Joe Biden is courting in November. And I hope that decent Americans, centrist Americans, independent Americans, normal Americans will reject a party that is cozying up to Hamas sympathy. Reject it.HEGSETH: Those are the voters that Joe Biden is most afraid of. You're exactly right. And that's a preview of college campuses now and into the future based on what we're pumping into the minds of these kids. Stephen, thank you for your time.You want to know how bad the Biden campaign is? Well, they just had to put a new ad out touting Joe's mental abilities.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I love to tell the story about meeting President Biden, because when you meet him, this guy is as sharp as a knife. They have nothing else to attack because they can't attack the things that he's doing that are so good for this country. Joe Biden gets things done.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Sharp as a knife. What kind of knife is that? Really? The Biden campaign has been on the defensive recently, obviously trying to convince the 60 percent of Americans who say Biden lacks the mental ability to hold office, that he deserves another term in the White House.But that's far from Biden's only challenge this election cycle. As Democrats are growing more and more concerned that RFK Jr. might spoil their reelection plans, especially in certain states. The Biden-Harris campaign thinks they have a solution to the RFK problem by pinning Kennedy against Kennedy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: My name is Joe Kennedy.UNKNOWN: I'm Kerry Kennedy.UNKNOWN: Roy Kennedy.UNKNOWN: Kathleen Kennedy Townsend.UNKNOWN: Chris Kennedy.UNKNOWN: And I'm here to proudly endorse Joe Biden.UNKNOWN: Joe Biden.UNKNOWN: Joe Biden.UNKNOWN: When I think of modern politicians in our country in this century, I think Joe Biden is the RFK of his generation.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Oh, boy. You must hurt to have to say that. Joining me now is Charlie Hurt, Washington Times opinion editor and Fox News contributor. As well as Monica Crowley, former Trump assistant treasury secretary.Charlie, what do you make of this Kennedy versus Kennedy? It might make for an awkward Thanksgiving, I would think. But this must show how concerned the White House is about RFK Jr.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, I don't know which is more unbelievable, the sharp as a knife thing or the Joe Biden is the RFK of our time. But, you know, both of them are completely ridiculous and wackadoodle and unbelievable. And everybody knows that they're all -- they're both unbelievable.But I guess if you're going to tell a lie, tell a big one and just like go big. If we haven't learned anything else from politics these days, it's that go with the big lie.HEGSETH: Yeah. I mean, and Monica, there are butcher knives and there are butter knives. And Joe is sharp. It's just not clear which one, apparently.MONICA CROWLEY, FORMER TRUMP ASSISTANT TREASURY SECRETARY: Well, you know, Pete, if you actually have to run an ad claiming that you are sharp as a knife, you are not sharp as a knife, right?They're seeing these polls. They know that increasingly Americans do not believe that he is capable of doing this job. That's why they're putting this ad out. But they protest too much, right?Because -- just because you claim that he's sharp as a knife does not make it true. And it's not persuasive. The American people have seen Joe Biden in action now for four years. And they see a man who is in clear and progressive physical and cognitive decline.They see him falling. They see him wandering aimlessly. They see him stumbling. They see him confused. They see him not knowing where he is most of the time. And I think, you know, most of the American people obviously do not think he's up to the task and certainly can't do another four years.But I also think that they are furious by this. You know, at the beginning, they were like, oh, this is so sad and tragic. No, they're really, really disappointed and furious that the United States of America is in the position now where our commander-in-chief, our president, is clearly a corrupt, demented hack. And America has put on its back heels because of it.HEGSETH: It's true. And now we're going to somehow convince them that he's sharp with one ad. Charlie, what do you make of -- how does this end up playing out? Do they try to lean into defending his age this way or do they go with the basement approach leading toward the convention?HURT: Yeah. And I totally agree with Monica. I think that, you know, they realize that this is a real liability for them and they can't ignore it. They have to address it. The problem is this is not an effective way of addressing it.Honestly, the real only thing that they really can do, I think, is to protect him and keep him from engaging in, you know, from talking to the press, keep him from engaging. I think they're desperate to keep him from debating. I don't believe it's possible that he doesn't wind up debating.And so, at the very least, they're going to try to downplay his expectations as much as they can, so that when he does perform, they'll just plunge him with every cocktail of drugs known to man to get him through just maybe one debate.And if he doesn't completely fall out, he pulls off a performance like he showed us with the State of the Union address, then they'll call that a win.HEGSETH: We'll see. There's going to be curveballs all over the place.Monica, real quick. You're a graduate of Columbia University. You saw that interview we just did. 2020 was marked by riots across the country. Could this end up being the type of thing that leads to the kind of civil unrest we saw in twenty 2020 and 2024?CROWLEY: Very well be the new pretext for going into the election, for burning down the country. It's all the same revolution, whether it's the pro-Hamas people or Antifa or Black Lives Matter. Doesn't matter what the superficial issue is.It's just they grab a pretext or they create one to get their shock troops out on the street to create instability, destabilize the society, create fear and uncertainty and chaos in order to ram their candidates through. And we certainly saw that in 2020. And this may be the new anti from Black Lives Matter.HEGSETH: It's just -- but this time it's, we're just pro-terrorist. We're pro-Hamas. That's where we're at. Charlie, Monica, thank you both very much for your time.All right. Up next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: In the city of Chicago has millions upon millions upon millions of dollars to give to people who ain't paid a dime into the tax base. Say no. Put these people on the back burner and put the money back in the opioid fund. We need that money.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Chicago residents are fuming over the city, approving millions more for illegals. We'll talk to one of those fed-up residents, coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: Chicago City Council approving a whopping $70 million bailout today to address the sanctuary -- their sanctuary city, their illegal crisis now. This comes after residents called out Mayor Brandon Johnson earlier this week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Our city government, now that I understand, has basically turned their back on black Chicagoans.UNKNOWN: And I'm telling every other black alderman in here today, you vote for the money for these immigrants today and we're coming for them seats.UNKNOWN: We need that money in my neighborhood. We need that on my block. I'm asking you all to use our tax money for our people. We need it. We got people leaning. We got people rocking. We got overdosing. We got pass out lines. We need the money for us.We are the headquarters of the cartel and everybody in here knows it. They selling more drugs than the law can allow, and you all giving money back to them because they traffic those people up here. So, we paying them going and coming. Absolutely not.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Joining me now is that Chicago resident Patricia P. Rae Easley. P. Ray, I would say it's self-evident that you need a change in leadership. But Chicago keeps replacing extremist Democrats with, it seems, even more extreme Democrats. And now you're spending money on illegals and not your own citizens. How do you change that?P RAE EASLEY, CHICAGO RESIDENT: Well, that's what my organization, Chicago Red, is doing. We are rapidly turning the city of Chicago red. We're telling everyone that the Chicago blues gave us the blues.And so, we want everybody to put on their gym shoes, tie them up real tight because we're running to the right. We're done. We don't want to talk to them anymore. We have choices.HEGSETH: Have you seen this inside the black community inside Chicago? Men and women. Are you -- are they feeling -- like you're wearing a big red MAGA hat.EASLEY: Yes.HEGSETH: When they see that, how do they respond to that? And what is the appetite for going red amongst the black community in Chicago?EASLEY: They love it. Everyone loves our Chicago MAGA hats. You see, we wear fedoras with the feather on the side. This is the Chicago look. And everybody wants one. Everybody wants to come to the meeting. Everybody is saying, you know what, P. Ray? You've been trying to warn us for years. You were right. We are sorry. Please accept our apologies. Please let us join your organization.And I'm like, it's for everybody. Our goal, again, is to get our people away from this culture of liberal failure that's currently bankrupting our city and leaving Americans behind.So, it's our -- you have to remember that black people, we've been in this country for a very long time. I'm an eighth generation American. So, we understand how our government works very well. And I think that we've figured out that the emperor does not have on any clothes. And we don't want to look at his big, ashy butt anymore. We're done.HEGSETH: Take it back. I love it. P. Ray, not everyone seems to agree. Watch this from the same meeting.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This migrant crisis is a resource crisis, and we need vast resources to protect our new community members. Seventy million. Seventy million. Hey, you can fight as much as you want, but it's true. These are our neighbors. These are now a part of our communities. Immigrants are a basis for our future as a city. Ever since the beginning to now, immigrants are the lifeblood of this city.We need to support that.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: You're not -- you're just not welcoming your new illegal neighbors.EASLEY: Firstly, that man doesn't represent us. Those blue haired liberals are not our neighbors. They don't hang out with us. They have not been living in the city as much -- as long as we have. And you can hear that we openly booed him. Those people don't represent us and we wish that they would speak a lot quieter. We're done.Again, they want to dominate the conversation. They believe that they are intellectually superior to us, and that we are so pitiful that we need them to come defend us. And we're saying we don't. Leave us alone. Leave us alone. We are not a pity party. We are not a charity. We are proud Americans.And we want the best for our country, and that does not include subsidizing illegal immigration that was brought to us via the cartel. Absolutely not.HEGSETH: P. Rae, you are a patriot. I love what you're saying. And I want - - I hope you keep fighting. Turn Chicago red. I would love to see that. Thank you. God bless you for your time tonight.EASLEY: Chicago red. And before I go, I just want to also say to President Trump, please come to Chicago. You're going to get more love than you've ever had. You're going to eat better than you've ever eaten. And we're going to teach you how to step, so you might dance at your inauguration.HEGSETH: I love it.EASLEY: Thank you.HEGSETH: P. Rae, thank you so much. All right. That's it for us tonight. I'm Pete Hegseth in for Laura Ingram.But before we go, I'm honored to share with you my new book, The War on Warriors, on sale right now anywhere books are sold. You see, starting with Obama, and in Warp Speed under Biden, our Pentagon across all branches has embraced gender equity, racial diversity, climate stupidity, and the LGBTQ- plus alphabet soup in recruiting pushes and training programs for our troops. This focus is dangerous and it is deadly.The military cannot be organized like a Harvard fraternity catering to ever more obscure constituency. The book reveals the real leftist mission to take over the last institution dominated by what they hate the most. Strong men, fighting men. Twenty years ago, I joined the army to destroy extremists. I fought extremists in Iraq and Afghanistan. twenty years later, that same army labeled me one, labeled me an extremist.You don't believe me. In March of 2021, a leaked presentation from the Pentagon asserted that extremism is rampant in the military, including a new form of extremism I hadn't heard of. It's called patriot extremism.What is that? Patriots everywhere finding out, and the purge is ongoing. I've written before about the left's takeover of education. This issue of the military and its takeover is just as pressing. We only have one Pentagon, one secretary of defense and one army. If we lose it, we are toast.This book might be the most important and most controversial I've ever written. We name names and expose the truth and the depth of the leftist takeover. The War on Warriors is available for preorder right now and will hit bookshelves June 4th.Thank you for watching this special edition of the Ingraham Angle. Jesse Watters Primetime, takes it from here.