RACHEL CAMPOS-DUFFY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "FOX AND FRIENDS" WEEKEND: . next, which we don't know what it means, I'm Hispanic.All right, Jason, thanks so much.Well, that's it for tonight. I'm Rachel Campos-Duffy in for Laura Ingraham. Make sure you check out my podcast "From the Kitchen Table." This week we have an interview with Abigail Shrier. Also, Sean and I discuss marriage and our 25th anniversary.Also, don't forget to tune in tomorrow morning.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME": America is full of race hustlers from the hustler slinging rock on the corners to the hustlers in Congress trading stocks, but there is no one more powerful in this country than the race hustler, Al Sharpton, has been hustling since the 80s.He started off as a street soldier in a tight track suit, organizing against corporations, politicians and police. Today, Sharpton is a major player in the Democratic Party. He runs the National Action Network, it is an activist group that rakes in millions a year, Sharpton gets a nice cut.Every year Sharpton throws a big old party and invites all the top Democrats. This year's theme: DEI.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AL SHARPTON, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL ACTION NETWORK: We're marching from here to Bill Ackman 's office with our protests, DEI Thursday.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: DEI as the new N-word.STACEY ABRAMS (D), FORMER GEORGIA GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE: The battle of the next decade is DEI.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We have heard so many attacks, and some of them inaccurate about diversity, equity and inclusion programs, DEI.BEN CRUMP, ATTORNEY: I mean, this overt racism, attack on diversity, equity, and inclusion.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: They're not a fan of our DEI Thursdays. It is okay. But it doesn't seem like they're a fan of Biden either.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: What has Joe Biden done for Black voters?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I would say nothing. I'm not voting for Joe Biden. You put that on.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: These are intentions to be behind him, but also hold him accountable.BELISARIO: So what has he done for the Black community?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's the end of my sentence. Period.BELISARIO: Who will you be voting for?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Independent.BELISARIO: Why are African-American voters flocking to Donald Trump?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was better when he was in office the first time.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He is helping them.BELISARIO: How?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Money-wise, economy-wise.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He believes in taking care of America first.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: This isn't an isolated incident. A new "Wall Street Journal" poll shows Trump's numbers doubling with Black voters since 2020. In swing states, Trump has hit 30 percent with Black men and 11 percent with Black women.Now, that holds Democrats will never win another presidential election. Democrats need to get it together.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When you see numbers like that what it means is that people are upset with what Democrats are doing or not doing for them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I believe the Democratic Party really needs to have a come to Jesus conversation with itself.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Part of where Black Americans are starting to get really frustrated is because we've said over and over what we want to see. You have to back up the promises that you're making.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden heard them loud and clear and decided to show up, virtually. Before Biden turned on his webcam, Sharpton gave the crowd a warning. No heckling.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHARPTON: We are an organization that heckles. So, then the hecklers are here. I am the heckler in chief. You will not heckle, I will heckle me today.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The audience was primed for the president, Biden shuffled up to the podium and bragged about everything he has done for Black Americans, rebuilding racist highways, keeping Obamacare, and of course, saving the planet.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Promise kept, to rebuild all of America, reconnecting Black communities that have been cut in half by interstate highway systems. Promise kept to protect and expand Obamacare, a promise kept to advance environmental justice, and make the most significant investments in climate ever in all of our history.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Joe has no clue how to relate to any American, let alone Black Americans. Nobody has time for electric buses or racist highways and you can't take credit for Obamacare and has your boss' name on it.Biden didn't even have the guts to show up in person. Obama was there and he didn't need any help with the Black vote. It is called retail politics. You show up, shake hands, show people your real.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't care what the media tells you Mr. Trump. We support you.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We love you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Okay, 4:00 PM. We do 4:00 PM.TRUMP: Come here, let me give you a hug.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Wow. That's so nice. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you. Tell my mama, I made it.TRUMP: Come on in. Come on in. Come on in.We're going to get rid of Biden.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Bye-bye Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: That's better than any campaign ad money can buy. One of those women, a grassroots political activist explained Trump's appeal this morning. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They feel like he's honest. They feel like this is somebody who while we might not agree with how he says things, how he goes about things, at least he is telling us what it is.They just feel like he's more relatable and he gives you that relatable feeling to where it's like, hey, I'm just like you, you know me, this is what I -- this is what you said you wanted, here's what I'm going to try to do about it.They really feel like this is somebody who is talking to them, and not just saying what they want to hear.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, Americans, regardless of race, just want somebody to tell it to us like it is.Here's Trump today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We're a nation in decline. We are a declining nation. We have tremendous inflation. The inflation is coming back at levels that nobody thought they really would have. If you look at the categories of inflation, they have the worst categories, many categories are not included. And if you included that, your inflation number would be substantially higher than it is now and it is already at records.So inflation is back. And a lot of bad things are happening in our country. We have a president that can't put two sentences together, we have a president that can't find the stairs off of a stage. We have a president that doesn't know what the hell he is doing. And we could end up in a world war.You know, we have just a little bit less than seven months now, months before November 5th. But that's an eternity when people are incompetent.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Donald Trump looked crisp, determined, direct, and he didn't appear over Zoom. Biden can't be honest, because he is terrified of alienating any more of his base.The White House won't even condemn O.J. or even send condolences to the families of his victims.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Was there any reaction from the president to O.J. Simpson's death? Do you know if they ever crossed paths?If so, how? When?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: So I'll say this. Our thoughts are with his families during this difficult time, obviously, with his family and loved ones and I'll say this, I know that they have asked for some privacy and so we are going to respect that. I'll just leave it there.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Nobody is taking this administration seriously. CNN searched day and night to find Biden superfans. Even they're laughing at them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIGUEL MARQUEZ, CNN SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: But if you could change one thing about Joe Biden, what would it be?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He wouldn't shuffle when he walks.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: We're laughing, too. Today, we're finding out Biden's campaign put up a job posting for a new DEI director, 120 grand a year, if anybody is interested. No amount of DEI is going to dig Biden out of this hole. He either needs to start being honest with voters or he needs to hustle off the stage.Let's bring in senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute, Chris Rufo.Chris, man, I bet they would have liked to see Chris Rufo at the Al Sharpton DEI Summit. What would you have gone there and told them?CHRISTOPHER RUFO, SENIOR FELLOW, MANHATTAN INSTITUTE: I would have gone there and told them the truth. But here's the thing to know about DEI. What you saw with Al Sharpton in the 1980s and 1990s has now become institutionalized. It has become part of administrative policy in corporations and universities, in schools and government agencies.It is now called DEI. There are hundreds of thousands of these fake jobs in our institutions, but the game is the same as it was with Al Sharpton. It's a way to extract rents, extract money, extract payments from the supposedly oppressor class, and then distribute them to people who don't advance anything productively, they simply push left wing racialist ideology.But this is a fake ideology that has almost no support. When Al Sharpton promised to march into the offices of Bill Ackman, one of the most successful investors in America, if you look at the video, you'll notice something very interesting. It's a group of retirees who are obviously paid to be there. And they're not enthusiastic, they're not engaged, and they're not authentically committed to the grift. And that's really all it is.WATTERS: I mean, who imagined finding Trump voters at an Al Sharpton conference? It's just absolute insanity. And you're right, you know, it's a shakedown, but when you filter it through the DEI HR Department, it makes it less offensive.Is that all this is about? Is this just another patronage mill? Another shakedown that just sounds a little bit better?RUFO: That's exactly right. So, it's an inside outside game. You have the old school street activist like Al Sharpton leading protests, putting media pressure on these institutions, and then on the inside, corporations for example have decided to pay what is a DEI tax.Every executive in the United States knows that DEI is anti-excellence, anti-merit, anti-competitiveness. But they've decided that's an insurance that's worth paying. That's the dynamic that we need to change.WATTERS: It's DEI insurance. You're exactly right. And when you see evidence that a lot of these very wealthy companies are axing their DEI, what does that tell you?RUFO: It tells you that we have successfully changed the incentives for these executives. We've now said no more DEI institute policies of colorblind equality, treat everyone equally as an individual, not as an avatar of their racial group.This is the American way. This is fair, this is just. This is going to get back American excellence, and so we are putting pressure on DEI. We are abolishing the institutions of DEI in red states and we're not going to stop there. This is a fight that Americans have to fight and it should be the end of DEI.WATTERS: Biden's re-election campaign says it's not the end, 120 grand a year, Chris. I don't know what they're going to do. That's probably a bad omen.RUFO: Well, you know, they probably tried to put -- make you put your pronouns in your e-mail signature, they'll make sure that when Google has their artificial intelligence, they'll keep generating, you know, Black George Washington.They didn't do anything of significance. It's all empty symbolism. It's all word games. And I hope that the DEI director is very effective for the Biden campaign and cripples its prospects in the fall.WATTERS: Yes. It's 120 grand less they spend on ballot harvesting. So that's money well spent, according to me, Chris Rufo. Thanks so much. Have a great weekend.RUFO: Thank you.WATTERS: Ahead on PRIMETIME.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: It's an honor to have you at Mar-a-Lago, my $18 million house on the ocean and the bay.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: An illegal immigrant on the FBI's terror watchlist is back in custody, but only after getting caught and released by Border Patrol twice. National correspondent, Mike Tobin has the shocking report.MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Jesse, for a long time, people like you have worried with a constant flow of people over the border that someone with ties to a violent radical Islamic organization would try to get into the US.Now, we have a case of someone who did. On the terror watch list, Mohammad Kharwin from Afghanistan roamed free in the US for 11 months, picked up and released twice. A federal source says Kharwin entered the US at San Ysidro, California.In March of 2023, he was not yet on the watch list. So Kharwin was set free, but federal agents acknowledged Kharwin is tied to Hezb-E-Islami, a radical group said to be responsible for the deaths of nine American civilians and soldiers in Afghanistan.When information about his ties to the group was developed, Kharwin was picked up again in February of this year. For reasons unexplained, federal prosecutors did not give that information to a judge, so Kharwin was released on bail.He's been picked up again, but a federal source says based on the information available, there is no reason to believe this individual entered the country as part of a terrorist mission.The border remains porous. Our cameras caught around 30 migrants reaching the wall in El Paso Friday morning. Their body language indicates they're confident they will get in. The city of El Paso says agents average just shy of 1,000 such migrant encounters every day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's important that we do something to secure the border because we're experiencing too many criminals that have already come into our country illegally.(END VIDEO CLIP)TOBIN: Releasing pictures of a new stash house that was raided in El Paso, agents say have found 136 depots for human smuggling this year, that's already half the total of last fiscal year.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's becoming the normal course of business. Right? It's a stash house almost every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)TOBIN: Customs and Border Protection just released new numbers showing that 76 people on the terror watch list were picked up trying to get into the US this fiscal year.The numbers also show a decrease in border traffic or encounters since December, but the traffic is still significantly higher than when President Biden took office.Jesse, back to you.WATTERS: Migrant crime is quickly becoming one of the largest issues affecting the American people. Communities all across the United States are being terrorized by violent illegals, while Biden rolls out the red carpet for them with his open border policies, but Donald Trump is pledging to take care of the problem and keep our citizens safe when Republicans get back in power.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We have millions of people coming into our country, millions and millions of people are pouring in at levels that nobody is reporting, nobody is going to talk about, but I believe you could have 15 million already in, some are terrorists.They come from jails and prisons. They come from mental institutions and insane asylums. Our country is like a dumping ground, and we're going to have it stopped. And Biden should do it immediately.He should close the border immediately. He needs no legislation. They come from places that you don't want to know about and they're going to be big problems and it is getting worse. It's migrant crime. It's a new category of crime, migrant crime and I'm just demanding -- I just demand as a citizen, I demand the border has to be closed. Our country cannot take it.No country could take it. It's not sustainable by any country.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Help can't come fast enough. While bodycam footage shows a migrant mobs scuffling with police in a New York hotel that was turned into a shelter for illegals, officers responded to a 911 call from a hotel worker saying that an unruly migrant was getting violent, and was throwing things to other people in the shelter.When officers arrived on the scene, they attempted to detain the suspect in the hotel lobby, but they were quickly overwhelmed by migrants who swarmed them and then tried to pull the perp away, so he couldn't be arrested. They even tried to block the building's exit so police couldn't take the violent migrant to the squad car.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(UNIDENTIFIED PEOPLE speaking in foreign language.)(END VIDEO CLIP)QUEST: It is crazy. But things don't stop once the cops got inside. Other migrants continued to interfere with the arrest, including one woman who threw herself against the cop car to try to stop officers from opening the door.She then attempted to assault officers before she was subdued and arrested.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INCOMPREHENSIBLE CONVERSATION)OFFICER: Move. Move out the way.(UNIDENTIFIED PEOPLE speaking in foreign language.)OFFICER: Get out the way.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The same migrants causing trouble at this hotel are now complaining about the shelter's conditions. They're claiming workers are stopping them from achieving their American dreams.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): What they do is aggravate us. They abuse us verbally. They come to our property, they harass our wives, they steal our money and property from our room.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator): They abuse us verbally and take our belongings without our permission. If we complain, they call the cops. The reality is, we feel offended.We come to this country with an American Dream.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: America First Legal founder, Stephen Miller joins me now.I mean, these are just tough scenes to watch, Miller. But you know, if you've got to pull people out like that, that's the law. You're not allowed to cause a ruckus. I'm sorry, I don't care what they do in Venezuela.STEPHEN MILLER, FOUNDER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL: You're not allowed to be an unruly illegal alien in this country, Jesse. You're not allowed to break into the country, not allowed to live in the country, not allowed to work in the country. You're not allowed to be here, let alone to commit crimes here as we have a criminal migrant invasion on our hands.Let me speak bluntly to you. It's all right, Jesse, if I speak bluntly, tonight, I'm sure.WATTERS: Please. If you must.MILLER: We've known each other for a long time, I am going to be very direct. speaking tonight as private citizen Miller, this is your choice America. If you import the third world, you become the third world. Simple as that.Elect Joe Biden and America becomes the third world. Elect Donald Trump and America remains America. That's it. Two paths America, two choices. Choose your future. Third world or an American Century. That is it.Because what you're seeing in New York, what you're seeing in LA, what you're seeing on the Texas border is coming to every city, every town from every part of the world. I mean, the Biden policy is so insane. You have illegal immigrants showing up from terrorist countries and they are putting them in the system and saying, well, we don't have any information on him. Let's just let them in and see what happens.Oh, this guy is here from a terrorist hotbed in Yemen, just let him in. See what he does. We'll find out later I guess. That's the Joe Biden immigration policy. Suicidal doesn't even begin to describe it.WATTERS: Miller, the best part about that last piece we saw with Tobin, they said, yes, he is a terrorist. But he wasn't here on a terrorist mission. What?MILLER: He was here to sight and see.WATTERS: How did they know he is not on a mission.MILLER: It was a vacation.WATTERS: Because he is sightseeing.MILLER; Joe Biden, I am sure Biden said, did you ask him if he's here to hurt anybody? They say, oh, let's ask him, Joe. No, he told us he's not here to hurt anybody. He's going to save the terrorism for his home country.So, they say, okay, great. Let him in. Let him enjoy his life in America. Let him enjoy the sightseeing. Maybe he'll go to the Grand Canyon. Maybe he'll go to Mount Rushmore.Yes. This is the kind of migration that we are getting into America.WATTERS: Miller, now it's about money and even the media is admitting it's about money. This is a headline from the Associated Press: A healthy US economy's secret ingredient: Immigrant workers eager to fill jobs.Miller, I was told they were here because they thought they would be killed in their home countries, not because they were going to take our jobs.MILLER: Because they could take jobs. Yes, because everybody knows if you're an illegal alien from Afghanistan, who is being persecuted, the safest way to get out of danger is to travel 7,000 miles, not to any other country in the Middle East.The 7,000 miles through the jungles of Panama, through Central America, through Mexico. Yes, that's the easiest way to avoid the tribal leader who doesn't like you, just a quick 7,000-mile journey.Jesse, they're taking jobs, they're not filling jobs. All job growth under Biden is going to foreign workers and American workers are losing their jobs, losing their incomes, and losing their futures.WATTERS: I will not have an illegal alien, Stephen Miller on my show no matter what. Okay, I want the real Miller. Don't you dare take away his job. Thank you so much.MILLER: Amen to that.WATTERS: Have a great weekend.We were right about your lunch.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: PRIMETIME wants you to be healthy. You are what you eat. Instead of farm to table, most of our food is factory to table, ultra-processed and it has made many Americans obese, diabetic, sick, and miserable.But we had no idea that some of our foods contain potentially dangerous elements, food that we feed our children.An investigation conducted by Consumer Reports found that Lunchables tested positive for lead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNOUNCER: Every kit we tested contained lead, cadmium or both, but the amount of heavy metals in the kits did not exceed any regulatory or legal limits.Regularly consuming heavy metals can increase health risks over time. These products also contain high levels of sodium, which can raise blood pressure and is a concern even among young people.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Consumer Reports tracked the amount of lead in Lunchables and compared it to California's maximum allowable dose levels, it found that the turkey and cheddar Lunchables reached 74 percent of this daily maximum limit, while the pepperoni pizza reach 73 percent, and the cheese pizza 69. In other words, that's a lot of lead.Lead can cause severe developmental problems over time, especially in kids even in small amounts. Lead has been traced to tons of health issues like obesity, asthma, cancer and reproductive defects, but that's not the only thing we find a little concerning about the Lunchables. The ingredients list for the crackers, ham and the cheese, it is an entire paragraph.It would take me maybe a minute-and-a-half to read all of the ingredients. Flip over a turkey and cheddar Lunchable and you'll get a long list of ingredients. I can't even pronounce these words. I can't.This little plastic box is chock filled with additives, preservatives with extremely high levels of saturated fats, sodium, added sugar, and if you turn around an extra cheesy pizza Lunchables, oh my God. Not much better.The kicker here is that according to Consumer Reports, there's a version of Lunchables sold to students as part of the National School Lunch Program that's even less healthy than what you buy in store with about 25 to 40 percent more salt.PRIMETIME reached out to Kraft Heinz about this concerning report and here is what they told us: "We are extremely disappointed with the reporting from Consumer Reports. The fact is that all Lunchables products meet strict safety standards.Consumer Reports admits that none of the food they tested exceed any legal or regulatory limits. We are proud of Lunchables. You're proud, huh?This begs the question, why do FDA regulators allow such high levels of lead in food we serve to kids? And why does it feel like Americans are preying on other Americans and making them sick for profit?Author of "Hooked: Food, Freewill, and How Food Giants Exploit Our Addictions," Michael Moss.Michael, I mean, some of these things in here. It's going to make your stomach turn. It should be illegal. How are they getting away with this?MICHAEL MOSS, AUTHOR: You know, I was really surprised by this one, Jesse, I mean, not only by lead in a product that so many kids have been eating for so many years, but also by crafts reaction, right?Consumer Reports is highly reputable. These are the folks who test things like refrigerators, so we don't spend a thousand dollars on one that's going to break in six months. I would have thought that Kraft would have said, thank you for bringing this to our attention. Lead is a huge global problem. We're going to start testing and use this intelligence to get as much of it out of our product as possible.But here's what's going on here, and I think this may be affecting Kraft's thinking, right? This play by Kraft is a really big one to get in the schools.Other food companies selling fast food are doing the same thing because they think -- it's called creating brand loyalty. They think that if they can get you know, their product in the hands of a kid, served by a teacher, whoever that kid is, forevermore going to be loyal to that product. So they're walking to the grocery store and going, hey, that's what I had at school. That's what I want, and what parent could resist that argument?WATTERS: Of course, you've got to start them young.Mike, if one of these things is 74 percent of the daily allowable lead, what happens if you have two boxes of Lunchables?MOSS: Well, exactly.WATTERS: That's over a hundred percent.MOSS: Yes. And that's --WATTERS: All right and so how does the FDA allow that? Does Kraft Heinz own the FDA?MOSS: You know my reporting kind of showed over the years, I mean, in many ways, these companies are more powerful than the federal agencies that are there, supposedly to regulate them on our behalf.I'm really, really curious how the FDA or the USDA will respond to this one.WATTERS: All right, well, we're just going to feed these to Johnny and we're going to throw the rest of them in the garbage.Michael Moss, have a great weekend. Everybody, we warned you.JFK and the RFK campaign, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Who exactly was Lee Harvey Oswald? And why did our government lend a hand to this man?Oswald was discharged from the Marines and defected to the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War. He walked into the American Embassy in Moscow, renounced his citizenship and declared: "My allegiance is to the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics."Oswald confidently told the Soviets he had information of special interest and spent the next three years in the USSR. The Soviets were interested in the information Oswald had before defecting.Lee Harvey Oswald served as a Marine Corps radar operator in Japan, a role that gave him crypto clearance, higher than top secret to one of the two bases where the CIA ran their U-2 spy planes out of.The very planes used to conduct aerial surveillance over Russian territory. Six months after Oswald defected to Moscow, a U-2 spy plane was shot down by the Soviet Union. The first time in the Cold War era.The pilot, Francis Gary Powers raised the question of whether it had something to do with Oswald, the self-declared traitor, but the US government didn't treat Oswald like a man who just committed treason.Three years later, after betraying his country, Oswald decided to come home and instead of handcuffs, the US Embassy gave Oswald a loan and a passport. And when his passenger ship landed in New Jersey, Oswald, along with his new Russian wife, were welcomed by travel agents with ties to American intelligence. The theory was that Oswald may have been a part of a navy intelligence program, where American officers pretending to be disenchanted with capitalism were dispatched to the Soviet Union.They'd be recruited by the Soviets and then fed back into the United States acting as what the communists thought were double agents. This would explain why Oswald wasn't arrested for defecting. Instead, he was immediately contacted by George de Mohrenschildt known as The Baron who was working as an intelligence asset for the CIA.The Baron admitted later that a CIA officer told him to contact Lee Harvey Oswald. And what's the first thing he does when he makes contact? The Baron moves him like a pawn to Dallas.Over 60 years later, there's another Kennedy rattling the establishments cage -- RFK, Jr. He is the candidate playing more than a spoiler in this year's election and the Democrats know it. Trump is already capitalizing on it. The former president delivering a clever message to Democrats. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: If I were a Democrat, I'd vote for RFK, Jr. every single time over Biden, because he's frankly more in line with Democrats. Kennedy is a radical left Democrat and always will be, but he is a better man than Joe Biden, that I can tell you. It's great for MAGA, I hope he continues to run.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden knows RFK, Jr. is a threat to his legacy. It's why we've seen a legal SEAL Team attacking RFK's ballot access, even blocking Secret Service protection, which RFK, Jr. calls an abuse.Jets' quarterback, Aaron Rodgers who was on RFK, Jr.'s shortlist says we're watching another Kennedy put their life on the line.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AARON RODGERS, NFL PLAYER: They killed his uncle, they kill his dad. We know CIA was involved. I mean, like, they can't declassify it because it so damning.We know the FBI was involved. Hoover hated the Kennedys. Bobby is in danger. You know, like he is putting himself on the line.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.RODGERS: Why? Because he (bleep) believes in this country. That is, like I said earlier, the archetype of everything we love about Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, these people believe in something.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: We hope nothing happens to RFK, Jr., but if Jill Stein was a headache for Democrats in '16, imagine the kind of damage the Kennedy will do to the establishment in '24. It's the kind of damage that's permanent.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RODGERS: All these (bleep) bums who've been in government forever, who are insider trading like crazy and lining their pockets during their terms and post career. How's that working out? The two party system that we got in place doesn't work? It hasn't been working, it hasn't been working really since JFK was in office.And we need somebody who is willing to lay down the line. That's what I love about Bobby.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Link Lauren is a senior adviser to Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.Link is RFK, Jr. in danger?LINK LAUREN, SENIOR ADVISER TO ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR.: Well, nice to be with you, Jesse.No, RFK, Jr. is not in danger. We have great security. We've got Gavin de Becker, and he is also not nervous at all. I mean, this is a guy who picks up rattlesnakes with his bare hands. He jumps off cliffs. He walks around barefoot on planes, so no RFK, Jr. is not living in fear.But this is just part and parcel of how corrupt the DNC is. They know they can't run on any accomplishments. Joe Biden has been around for 50 years and he has nothing to run on. He's an utter calamity.Look at the border crisis. We had over 300,000 illegal migrants come through the southern border in the month of December. He can't run on immigration. We're $34 trillion in debt. He can't run on Bidenomics.So of course, they're shaking in their boots that we're giving them a run for their money.WATTERS: Well, I don't know if it's brave to walk around on a plane with bare feet. That might just be bad manners, but I'm going to leave that one alone.You hear Donald Trump say, Democrats, listen, you should vote for RFK, Jr. How does RFK, Jr. see the Trump threat there?LAUREN: Well, first off this is politics. I thought Donald Trump's video was very entertaining. What I was focused on this week is that Donald Trump was really making me crave Chick-Fil-A. I want to go get a waffle fry and Polynesian sauce right now.But when it comes to this election, Jesse, no one knows. These beltway fancy expensive consultants, they don't know how anything is going to go. Look in 2016. They said Hillary has a 98 percent chance of winning. She is going to be the first female president feminist icon.A week later, Hillary was back in Chappaqua hiking through the woods, so nobody knows what's going to happen. Let's calm down. See how it plays out in the next few months.WATTERS: All right, Link, well, you need to calm down. How about that?LAUREN: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: All right. Enjoy the Chick-Fil-A. I hope you get your Polynesian sauce.LAUREN: Thank you so much, man. See you later.WATTERS: All right. Well, before we go, I just want to correct something that primetime aired on March 26th.As I was commenting on the Feds raiding P Diddy's homes and the allegations made against him in lawsuits, a soundbite played from his former bodyguard, Gene Dill. The text at the bottom of the screen said: "Diddy's former bodyguard accuses him of drugging girls." However, Mr. Dill was not discussing Diddy in that soundbite. He was speaking generally about unnamed people in the music industry.Mr. Dill did not accuse Diddy of dragging girls.Up next, Sink or Swim.WATTERS: Sink or Swim.Tonight, we have the battle of the neighbors: Steve Doocy taking on Martha MacCallum. Is he a good neighbor?MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: An excellent neighbor. He actually lives in the town that I grew up in. So I had to move when I heard that Steve had moved into the neighborhood.STEVE DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR, "FOX AND FRIENDS": I do. So wherever I go, if it's a Walgreens, if it's a Shop Rite, oh, you work with Martha. I had her in Chemistry class.WATTERS: All right, well, now it's time to get some revenge.First question. The fight of the summer will be Mike Tyson versus Jake Paul. Both have recently been on Fox but which one said he is "scared to death." Was it Iron Mike? Or The Problem Child Jake?DOOCY: I'm going with this man.WATTERS: Very thoughtful, both of you. And the answer is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE TYSON, FORMER BOXER: Right now. I'm scared to death, but as the fight gets closer, the less nervous I become.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: That's one.WATTERS: All right. I think, he was scared to death of Hannity. That's why.MACCALLUM: You think?WATTERS: All right, hey, Talking Smack is the category. Who said Joe Biden's economy is better because four years ago you couldn't buy toilet paper? Was it Mayor Pete or as we call her here, Binder.DOOCY: I know most of THE stuff KJP says because that kid who went to your high school is in the room with her. I'm going to go with the mayor.WATTERS: Okay.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETE BUTTIGIEG, US DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: If you just look at where we were at four years ago, you couldn't buy toilet paper sometimes.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I don't remember that.MACCALLUM: It was during when people were stocking on toilet paper during COVID.WATTERS: Oh, yes.MACCALLUM: Yes. That's what I figured.WATTERS: I think I stocked up. That's why I was so accessible.DOOCY: I still have some left. My wife said it's too thin.MACCALLUM: I know.DOOCY: It's down in the basement.WATTERS: Got to go double ply.MACCALLUM: I know. Yes.DOOCY: Triple.MACCALLUM: What's on TV? Which presidential fibber said that what shaped his interest in politics was watching the Republican and Democratic conventions on TV as a nine-year-old? Was it Bill Clinton? Or Joe Biden?DOOCY: Did they have TV when Joe Biden was --MACCALLUM: This is the question. Maybe it was.DOOCY: I'm going to go with Clinton because you said fibber.MACCALLUM: Yes.WATTERS: Okay, this is going to steer it.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BILL CLINTON, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And I got to watch in 1956 the Republican and Democratic candidate on television.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Yes.MACDONALD: Yes, I don't think I was. And he was talking about that.WATTERS: All right, Martha needs this one. So in the interest of sportsmanship, we're going to make the final question worth two points.MACCALLUM: Okay.WATTERS: All right, here we are.DOOCY: Is that fair? You can just do that?WATTERS: I can do whatever I want.DOOCY: Okay. Fine.WATTERS: It is JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME. Getting mooned. The whole country stopped to watch the solar eclipse this past Monday, but one basketball legend wasn't impressed.Calling the people who watched it losers. Was it Charles or Shaq? Who called the Clips lovers, losers?DOOCY: Charles.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLES BARKLEY, FORMER NBA PLAYER: I saw them losers standing outside watching that --(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Losers?MACCALLUM: Of course, it is him.WATTERS: Doocy. You get the hat.DOOCY: Thank you very much.WATTERS: Martha --MACCALLUM: Let me see what's on the hat?DOOCY: Sink or Swim.MACCALLUM: Sink or Swim, baby.DOOCY: I think I went swimming and you sank.WATTERS: Wear it around her old neighborhood.DOOCY: That's right.WATTERS: And tell her who you beat.DOOCY: Can I take these, too?WATTERS: No, we're going to need those.DOOCY: We need big spoons at my house.MACCALLUM: These are useful.WATTERS: Listen, lumber is pricey. Thanks to inflation. Thank you guys.MACCALLUM: Thanks, Jesse.DOOCY: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, mom. There she is with Jesse, Jr. and Rookie. She's not even a dog lover. But she tolerates Rookie.I love you so much. Enjoy whatever you're up to in Maine. You're probably not watching. You watch "The Five" more than the eight. I understand. I get it. But I love you anyway. Have a happy birthday.Let's do some texts.Patsy from Florida: Can't wait to meet you in Fort Myers tomorrow and get my book signed. Will Johnny be there?Who cares? Seriously? What do you want Johnny to sign your book?Bill from Chicago: Don't you know Miller's first name, use it.Stephen, right? Soon it is going to be Juan.Gary from Texas: If migrants came to take the jobs of lawyers and newscasters, we'd never hear the end of it.For me at least. I tell you, not CNN, but I think ChatGPT will probably take CNN's job, too.Lynne from Grant, Florida: Jack LaLanne said if he can't pronounce it, he won't need it.That would probably limit my menu.Anyway, I will see you at Fort Myers tomorrow. I'm Watters, and this is my world.