(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Time! Thanks to Michael Loftus, Heather Zumarraga, Kat, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld, and I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I stand before you today to declare the Joe Biden's border bloodbath. And that's what it is. It's a bloodbath. They tried to use that term incorrectly on me two weeks ago. You know, it's all about misinformation.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And breaking tonight, former President Trump has a new phrase for the southern border crisis, "Biden's border bloodbath". Trump is not only using the phrase, he is using a litany of horrifying crimes to illustrate the phrase, and saying that every state is now a border state.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live with more information on this tonight. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace.Although, Michigan is very far from the southern border, Republicans in the state have frankly sharpen the rhetoric, condemning illegal immigration. Especially after a 25-year-old Mexican national was accused of killing his girlfriend in that state.Now, the suspect had previously been deported under former President Trump, which is why his swaying to what's known in politics as the blue wall is making an awful lot of waves tonight, but stops in Michigan and Wisconsin, where he's leading in the polls and taking aim at President Biden's "border bloodbath".(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This is a border bloodbath ends the day I take the oath of office (INAUDIBLE). Yes. With your vote, I will seal the border, I will stop the invasion, I will end the carnage, bloodshed, and killing, and we will crush the human traffickers.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Well, the former president's comments come as the current occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue continues to get failing grades overall from the American people, including his handling of the economy, inflation, and yes, immigration.This, as new research shows, there are tens of thousands of illegal aliens in Michigan alone -- around 91,000, according to the nonpartisan research firm Migration Policy Institute.And it's not just in Michigan, where Mr. Trump continues to use the border to distance himself from the president in the polls. In fact, the former president leads Mr. Biden in several swing states, despite huge disadvantages and fundraising and his ongoing legal battles.So far, so good if you are the former president, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in the editor of restoring America for the Washington Examiner, Kaylee McGhee White, and the former chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Fox News contributor Jason Chaffetz. Welcome to you both.Kaylee, the former president, clearly calling this Biden's border bloodbath, but he's using points like this to drive the point home. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: A 25-year-old Michigan woman named, Ruby Garcia, who's become a very well-known name. Beautiful young woman was savagely murdered by an illegal alien criminal. Under the Trump administration, this monster had been deported, thrown out of the country, wasn't going to be able to come back. We threw him out of the country and crooked Joe Biden took him back and let them back in, and let him stay in.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What do you think? Compelling narrative? They are saying, listen, he was deported under my watch, and he got back in under the other guy's watch. Kaylee.KAYLEE MCGHEE WHITE, FOX NEWS COMMENTATOR: Right. Well, Trace, as you know, I'm from the Detroit area. And I'm becoming increasingly convinced that my home state of Michigan is going to swing for Trump this November in large part because the democratic attempts to rebut Trump's platform on this issue are so unpersuasive, and they are especially unpersuasive to the vast majority of middle America. That is represented by states such as Michigan states, such as Ohio.And that's because they look at cases like Ruby Garcia, and they recognize that no matter how often Democrats try to argue that the bloodbath doesn't exist, that the statistics of illegal immigrant crime actually aren't as large as Trump is portraying, they recognize that a case like Ruby Garcia's should never have existed in the first place.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITE: Those statistics should be zero percent. Because every single crime committed by an illegal immigrant is entirely preventable.GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITE: And is being enabled by the Biden administration.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's a fair point. It really is. To you now Jason, John Kirby said this today. Peter Doocy asked him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Donald Trump is out there now calling this Biden's border bloodbath. What do you call do that?REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: Do the -- do the spade work that needs to be done to figure out exactly what happened to Ruby. And to hold the perpetrators accountable for that.So, why don't we let the judicial process play out here before we start making grandiose bumper sticker comments about what this says about the border?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Not a bumper sticker, Jason. But, you know, it's a compelling political topic when you're running a campaign.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It is compelling. Look, for three plus years, the Biden administration from that very pulpit told us that the border was safe and secure, and it wasn't.CBS News reported in 2022, that 853 migrants died crossing the border. So, I want to hear from the Democrats what they think the definition of a bloodbath, actually is. There are individual cases.GALLAGHER: Yes.CHAFFETZ: There are literally by the hundreds every year people that are dying, And Donald Trump has a good point, because the Biden administration made a conscious effort to open that border.And by the way, when they say, oh, well, let's let the judicial process play out, the thing that's most offensive is, so many of these people are caught, captured, convicted, and then not deported. That's what drives people crazy.GALLAGHER: Yes.CHAFFETZ: They don't get deported.GALLAGHER: Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. was asked about threats to democracy and said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I can make the argument, President Biden has a much worse threat to democracy. And the reason for that is President Biden is the first candidate in history, the first president in history that has used the federal agencies to censor political speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, he went on to say, he, Biden has done something that no other president has done. Kaylee.WHITE: Right. And even going beyond Biden's attempts to be big brother, you look at how the Democratic Party is treating its own opposition right now. The Democratic Party has worked overtime to try to prevent any opposition to Biden from even being on the ballot, from preventing democracy from actually taking place this November.Whether it's Donald Trump through their various lawfare campaigns, or even the DNC's recent lawsuit, trying to prevent Robert F. Kennedy from being on the ballot in several of these states.GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITE: And it just goes to show that the people who claim to care about democracy the most are often willing to embrace the most totalitarian means to keep their own power.GALLAGHER: Yes. Fox News poll says favorable, unfavorable, comparing RFK to Joe Biden and you have right there. RFK at 47 percent. Joe Biden, 39. Surprise you at all, Jason?CHAFFETZ: No, it does -- he speaks well on the topics that I think a lot of Democrats and Republicans quite frankly care about, and he -- and he makes a good point. The fact is that the Obama-Biden administration started this. They started spying on journalists.GALLAGHER: Yes.CHAFFETZ: And then, when Biden took over, they continued on and they were leveraging through -- you can see this through the Twitter files, leveraging the social media companies, and in this collusion with the Department of Justice and others, and he's got a great point.GALLAGHER: Yes. And I talked to so many people that have no idea what the Twitter files are, but it really is a very illustrative point of exactly what was going on during COVID.Jason, Kaylee, thank you both.Meantime, as former President Trump attacks the current administration over the border crisis, Fox News has a first look at a new wire wall being installed in Texas near the location of last month's invasion, where illegal immigrants overpower border agents along the Rio Grande.Bill Melugin is live with the exclusive video tonight. Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you.The State of Texas essentially has to keep fortifying its own border in the absence of the federal government. And now, Fox News has an exclusive look at brand new barricades that just went up in the El Paso area.Take a look. These are new Texas fortifications of razor wire and fencing that were just constructed in El Paso earlier today. More on the city's east side. This, as Texas is now replicating what has really been a successful strategy over an Eagle Pass, where legions of razor wire and barricades have reduced illegal crossings there to what's pretty much a drop in the bucket.These new Texas barricades are going up near gate 36 in El Paso. That is the site of the infamous border riot, Trace, just mentioned last month, where a large group of illegal aliens use violence to physically overrun Texas National Guard soldiers with hundreds of them later being arrested.In response Texas Governor Greg Abbott posting on X, in part, "Rioting charges for 222 migrants who broke through razor wire and knocked down Texas National Guard. ICE confirmed it is getting custody of all those charged with rushing the border and will start deportation proceedings against all of them. Send them back."In the meantime, new CBP data exposed by the Center for Immigration Studies reveals, the Biden administration has used a controversial parole program to allow nearly 350,000 migrants to fly over the border directly into Florida and Texas just as last winter.That Biden program allows up to 30,000 Cubans, Haitians, Nicaraguans, and Venezuelans to come into the U.S. every month and receive a two-year humanitarian parole status, even if they would otherwise have no legal basis to be in the United States.Now, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis's office tells Fox that getting any information from the feds about the migrants flying into their state via this program has been like trying to draw water from a rock, and they are currently suing the Biden administration over their use -- their controversial use of the parole program. Trace?GALLAGHER: Red State Texas, Red State Florida? Common denominator?MELUGIN: Yes.GALLAGHER: It makes sense, Bill. Thank you.While the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" is well aware of the Los Angeles Times as a far left, struggling newspaper, but that does not excuse The Times for publishing an embarrassing and graceless op-ed on Laken Riley, the young woman who was murdered, allegedly by an illegal immigrant named Jose Ibarra.The op-ed written by two college professors starts out, saying, "Our hearts resonated with the sorrow of her family." Then, the piece goes south, saying Laken Riley's death is not about illegal immigrant crime, it's about crime against women.So, we all agree Laken Riley was the victim, but the fact that Jose Ibarra was in the country illegally and twice avoided deportation because of sanctuary policies, t0hat part is not important.In fact, the op-ed states that fears of widespread immigrant crime are not justified.Laken Riley's family, you know, the people whose sorrow resonates with you would strongly disagree.The op-ed even has the audacity to scold us for, "misusing this crime to demonize immigrants.""COMMON SENSE" wonders, what is the proper use of Laken Riley's death. The writers accused us of using the crimes to gain votes, then they spiral into an off-topic rant on guns and abortion."COMMON SENSE" knows crime against women is a problem. But the crime against this woman is an illegal immigration problem. Period.Let's bring in Pinal County, Arizona Sheriff Mark Lamb. Sheriff, it's great to have you on.What do you say to those on the left, who say that the illegal immigration crisis is not causing any adverse impact on crime?MARK LAMB, SHERIFF, PINAL COUNTY, ARIZONA: Well, I would say that they are using politics to justify what they want to justify. The fact is, this is increasing crime in this country. We are letting untold amounts of people come in here by the thousands, coming in from countries all over the world. 170 different countries, many of them military age men.To say that the crime is not going to increase when we don't have a vetting process. A really robust vetting process in place is just naive. And they are using politics to justify this.GALLAGHER: Yes. And I want to go a little deeper with you. I can, Sheriff, because we have found there is a -- there is a story of these migrant squatters that ended up in a New York City apartment, and they were loaded for bear, quoting here on Fox News, "The weapons included a ghost gun, and three extended magazines, a box of ammunition, a bag of ketamine, and a bag of ketamine mixed with cocaine. Police also found a 7-year-old child inside the apartment."So, not only are they carrying illegal drugs and guns, they are illegally taking over somebody's property. I mean, it just -- it seems like they are running amok. And there is -- there is just no consequences, Sheriff.LAMB: No, there is no consequences. Not only do we have this administration, who is using taxpayer dollars, to soften the blow for these people, when they come in here. Giving them places to stay, giving them food, giving them plane tickets, giving them gift cards, all of these things combined.And then, on top of that, you have these guys that are going to go out and commit crimes, because many of them owe the cartels for coming into this country, or many of them have no place to go. So, what do they do? They break into somebody's home. They squat in it.GALLAGHER: Yes.LAMB: Maybe they sell drugs to justify it. Look, I'm here to tell you, there are good people that come in as well. That's not what I'm saying. But the bad people are certainly here as well, and we can see the crime on the rise like the squatters, what happened to Laken Riley --GALLAGHER: Yes.LAMB: And at what point do we start to protect the American people?GALLAGHER: Yes, and we want the good people to come. But we would like them to come legally. I think that's the point that everybody is trying to emphasize here.We show the pictures again, and again. These are some of the migrants that are kind of coming across the fence, literally invading, running over Border Patrol, running over the National Guard. And then you had a judge in El Paso, saying, well, you all can just walk away, you can leave, do whatever you want to.The New York Post editorial board, writes, "Woke El Paso judge's order will provoke more border mobs." Going on to say, "If representatives of law and order can't follow procedures exactly by the book, criminals must get let off the hook completely on a technicality. How can El Paso D.A. Bill Hicks, be expected to handle the normal arrest in his city, plus the crimes associated with the hundreds of thousands of illegal border-jumpers and Biden team released into El Paso."I mean, it's like this social media thing when they find out this is happening in Latin America, here they come.LAMB: Oh, I'm sure they already know, Trace, that it's happening. I'm sure they know before most Americans know that the judge let those people go. That message will flow throughout the world and it will send a message that says, hey, you can come here, and you can storm our borders, storm pass our soldiers or border patrol agents.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.LAMB: And the judges are going to let you off anyway. It's part of the reason I'm -- I cannot tolerate it anymore. I'm taking this fight to the national level. It's why I'm running for Senate, Trace, here in Arizona, because a lot of these battles are going to have to be fought in D.C., because that's where it's broken.GALLAGHER: Yes, it is broken there. It's broken in a lot of places.Sheriff, best of luck to you, sir. Thank you for coming on.LAMB: Thank you, Trace.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Meantime, squatting is now a major problem across the country. But the Biden administration is laying it all on local governments to take action. And as legal challenges continue to build, it appears the squatters are often getting the upper hand.Let's bring in Flash Shelton, better known as the squatter hunter, who is fighting for the rights of homeowners.Flash, it's great to have you on the show. I know you just came back from trying to evict some squatters. How did that go? And what's your process, and what's your goal? Tell us.FLASH SHELTON, ANTI-SQUATTER ACTIVIST: I -- well, it went well. I mean, my goal is to get squatters out, nonviolent, you know, if I can go in stealth, and get the squatters out, and like tonight, I was able to do that, I was able to switch places with them, take possession, get the locks changed, and then, stick around just to make sure the locksmith was safe. And then, I reached out to them, tell them what life is going to be like if they don't make it peaceful and leave.But I also let them know what their rights are. And they have every right to fight in civil court to get back in. But they have to do it living somewhere else.GALLAGHER: Yes. Meantime, in Seattle, the headline reads as follows: "Serial squatter, refusing to leave a $2 million Seattle home escapes eviction for the third time after nonprofit coughs up another $50K in taxpayer cash to cover his rent."I mean, are the squatters winning this war, Flash? Because, you know, a lot of homeowners that we talked to across the country are being terrorized, because they simply will not leave.SHELTON: Yes. I mean, they have been winning for a very long time. And, you know, I'm hoping to offset that. I've built a squatter hunter army now across the United States. But they are. I mean, the rights and the laws that they -- protect the homeowner.And the bottom line is they're -- that's all they do is just tried to extend the cases. And then, eventually, they are asking homeowners for money. I believe it's extortion. So, you know, some -- maybe we need to also kind of stop what the attorneys are allowed to do.GALLAGHER: Yes. This headline comes from Hawaii. Maybe, you've heard about the case. "Squatters occupy a $500,000 home, mistakenly built on a wrong lot, and the new developer is suing the lands true owner.'And the lawyer said this about the case, Flash. "It would set a dangerous precedent, if you could go onto someone else's land, build anything you want, and then, sue that individual for the value," of the property. It's kind of crazy. What are your thoughts on that?SHELTON: Yes. I mean, that's -- that is -- that's definitely a rabbit hole we don't want to go down. Because think about all the land and property where there is no way for a -- for a homeowner to know. And by the time they find out that they were on the -- you know, east -- whatever East Point, whatever, you know, it's too late.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. I want to know very quickly, Flash, why did you get into this? What was the motivating factor for you to do this?SHELTON: You know, being a victim like everyone else, my father passed away. We were trying to sell the home, moved my mom in with me. I started just like everyone else. I called the sheriff after I heard that someone broke in the back door. And then, I heard the words that everyone fears, it's, you know, the words of, I'm sorry, you have a squatter, there is nothing we could do.So, I had to break down the laws, and I had to figure out that, you know, if they could take a house, I could take a house, and I just started using the same rights and laws against them.GALLAGHER: Flash, boy, it's great to have you on the show. Thank you. Best of luck to you and we appreciate you coming on. We'd like you to come back and visit us and tell us some of the stories that you've encountered. We appreciate it. Meantime --(CROSSTALK)SHELTON: Absolutely, thank you.GALLAGHER: Coming up, police in Dallas, investigating with the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl star, Rashee Rice was part of this high tech and high- speed accident, involving two luxury vehicles.And a popular children's network celebrating Transgender Day of visibility.And later in the "NIGHTCAP", have you heard Beyonce his new country album, Cowboy Carter? Fans are crazy about it. And it made us wonder what artists would you like to take on a new style of music? You know, a genre do-over, if you will.Let us know X and Instagram @tracegallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".Meantime, it's 8:19 here on the West Coast. Now, with FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "TRIP ACROSS AMERICA", live look at Honolulu, Hawaii, where it is illegal to annoy a bird. It goes everywhere, right?Next, Logan, West Virginia where the golden delicious apple was discovered.And finally, live look at Doylestown, Pennsylvania. Did you know the first piano in America ever was built in Pennsylvania back in 1775?If you cannot join us live don't forget set your DVR and watch us anytime. We are coming right back with the superintendent of the Oklahoma School District Ryan Walters.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP", the Cartoon Network is publicly supporting Transgender Day of Visibility, the holiday celebrated on Easter Sunday.The channel that primarily targets kids is now pushing transgenderism and other forms of gender nonconformity on its young viewers, even promoting pronoun compliance as a form of respect.U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, adding a third gender option on their citizenship application saying the two-gender option male female have created significant barriers for those who do not identify as either and the gender is selected on the form does not need to match the gender marked on other documents.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you witness a hate crime, report it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Scotland passing a controversial new law, targeting hate speech, it is now a crime to communicate in a way that a reasonable person would consider to be threatening or abusive, maybe even insulting. A conviction could lead to a fine and prison sentence of up to seven years.Meantime, the Oklahoma State superintendent created a new office focused on the issue of school choice. Ryan Walters says the new department will operate as a one stop shop for everything related to school choice and parental empowerment in the Sooner State. Let's bring in the man himself, Ryan Walters, the superintendent; and the co-author of "Stolen Youth", Montgomery County, Maryland school board candidate, Bethany Mandel.Thank you both for coming on.I mean, you announced this creation of your one stop shopping school choice thing, and it's going right in the Department of Education. I bet -- I bet the teachers' unions are just loving you, Superintendent.RYAN WALTERS, SUPERINTENDENT, OKLAHOMA STATE: Yes. I mean, I'm sure you're shocked, the teachers unions' hate it. But we have rejected this notion that here in Oklahoma that we answer to the teachers' unions, or bureaucrats.We answer to parents. So, here in Oklahoma, we have more school choice options than any other state. And what we've done is we've created this office inside our department to make sure that every parent can navigate these choices. I want parents to know you can attend a private school, you can homeschool you can go to our great charter schools, you can go to another public school district, but you the parent know best for kids. We want to make sure every single family has access to all these school choice options.We will continue to champion school choice and continue to protect parent rights.GALLAGHER: Yes, lot of -- there is a lot of applauding going on around the country right now, Superintendent.Bethany Mandel to you, Jason Rantz, writes the following. Quoting here, "Privileged progressives, donning their white knight armor, are in the next phase of a plan to end Seattle Public Schools' gifted students program -- known locally as its Highly Capable Cohort. They complained the HCC was too white." And too Asian, and too separating and it was driving kids apart. What do you think?BETHANY MANDEL, CO-AUTHOR, STOLEN YOUTH: So, it's great to have this conversation on the heels of talking about school choice, because the kids in Seattle needs school choice, because this opportunity is being taken away from public school students, but all of the families that can afford to pull their kids out of these schools and put them into private options so that they get an education that challenges and expands their children's worldview and minds as much as humanly possible, they are going to do that they're going to pull their kids out, they are going to homeschool, they are going to send them to private schools. And then, the kids that are left are going to be left really without any options.GALLAGHER: Yes.MANDEL: This is such a -- such an assault on children who don't have privilege. I remember when we used to be told, you know, check your privilege. That conversation ended.GALLAGHER: Yes.MANDEL: And, you know, I think that the folks in Seattle need to start checking it.GALLAGHER: Yes. And listen, some kid should be rewarded for -- all kids should be rewarded for their hard work.Superintendent, I should say, we covered the story with you. It's an awful story of Nex Benedict. She was transgender student. There was a fight in the bathroom, and of course, the left media said the following, quoting here, Nex Benedict -- this is from a California state lawmaker. "Nex Benedict, a non-binary kid, is dead after being bullied and attacked in a school restroom.The anti-trans laws sweeping the country, including aggressive gender policing in restrooms, have real-world deadly consequences. And it turned out, tragically, that this child committed suicide." But Superintendent, you were right on this all along, but the narrative from the left just was too strong and they fell in love with it.WALTERS: You know, and that's what we saw the teachers' union. We saw these radical LGBTQ plus groups, we saw President Biden and Kamala Harris lie about this situation to score political points. They went to the farthest extremes to lie about a child's death to target me, to target other conservatives, to target President Trump, to target the libs of TikTok and blame us for a student's terrible, terrible death here and it just shows you they could care less about the kids, they don't care less about trampling all over truth.They want their agenda; they want to push Marxism they want to push the most radical gender theory we've ever seen in the country's history on our kids. It's despicable and disgusting. In Oklahoma, I will not back down to a woke mob. We will continue to push for common sense and reject radical gender theory in our schools and promote the basics in education, not indoctrination.GALLAGHER: Running low on time, Bethany, but Cartoon Network posting, "Addressing someone using their pronouns and name shows that you respect them as their authentic self. We celebrate the journey of our trans and gender nonconforming friends on this Transgender Day of Visibility." What are your thoughts on the Cartoon Network doing this?MANDEL: Yes, so when I wrote "Stolen Youth", it came out a year ago, so I wrote it two years ago. This was nothing new. Cartoon Network has been promoting this ideology for a long time, as have other members of children's media. Nickelodeon, Disney, you name it. There's nowhere safe anymore, and it's really disturbing as a parent because we feel like we can't turn on anything that was made after 2005, I would say, and feel like we can get a message that's safe for our children.GALLAGHER: Yes, Bethany Mandel, Ryan Walters, thank you both. Meantime, police in Dallas are investigating whether Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl champion, Rashee Rice, was part of a high-speed accident involving two luxury vehicles over the weekend. The senior correspondent, Mike Tobin, has that story.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: The search for answers is on after the six-car wreck in Dallas involving at least two luxury cars and allegedly a Super Bowl star. It happened Saturday. A rented Lamborghini Urus and a Corvette speeding, apparently racing, caused the crash. Paperwork with the Dallas police says Kansas City wide receiver, Rashee Rice, was driving the Corvette.The player's lawyer, Royce West, never confirmed Rice was involved in the wreck, but issued a statement: "On behalf of Rashee Rice, his thoughts are with everyone impacted by the automobile accident on Saturday. Rashee is cooperating with local authorities and will take all necessary steps to address this situation responsibly."An attorney representing one of the people caught in the wreck says the occupants of the Lamborghini and Corvette just walked up the expressway after the crash. Witness accounts say they took guns and other belongings. Dallas police tell Fox News Digital they didn't provide insurance or check if anyone needed help.MARC LENAHAN, ATTORNEY: They're all very distinctive people. They're dressed distinctly. Even the tattoos on their arms are better than a fingerprint for identifying who everybody is. And it's all very, very clear in the photos. So, it won't be long and there won't be any doubt about exactly who was involved.TOBIN: An NFL spokesman said the league is monitoring the investigation. Mark Donovan, president of the Chiefs told KCMO Radio action will be decided when the facts are clear.MARK DONOVAN, PRESIDENT OF KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: The one comforting fact that we do have is that there was a multi-car crash in Texas and in Dallas, and fortunately it doesn't appear that anyone was hurt and we should be grateful for that. We'll get to the bottom of it, we'll gather the facts and we'll react accordingly.TOBIN: Actually, there were injuries. Two people were treated at the scene. Two people were hospitalized. While Rice's attorney says the player is cooperating, Dallas police say investigators have not spoken with anyone directly involved in the crash. Trace, back to you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Mike Tobin, Mike, thank you. Coming up, a gang of rich suburban kids in one major American city now accused of murder. Plus, a rise in juvenile crime and the push to make parents pay for it. Also still ahead, watch the daring rescue of a hiker stuck on the side of a cliff, and oh dear, a bank heist like no other you will ever see. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next. First a live look Boston, Massachusetts where every December 16 they re-enact the Boston Tea Party.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, breaking tonight, we have brand new video coming in to FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. Buildings shaking in Taiwan after a 7.2 magnitude quake rocked the area. It's the strongest tremor to hit the island in almost 25 years. Damage assessments still coming in. We know the power was knocked out in the capital city of Taipei, but there are no reports yet, but they are still kind of going out, canvassing the area, checking things out. No reports at this time of any deaths. A tsunami warning has been issued for the islands of southern Japan and the Philippines. We will continue to cover the breaking news coming out of Taiwan on a very significant earthquake.Meantime, a teenage gang in suburban Phoenix often called the Gilbert Goons is now being named in multiple violent attacks over the past year and also facing charges in the murder of a 16-year-old boy. And police have 2,000 pieces, maybe more, of evidence. Here's the senior national correspondent, William LaJeunesse.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We would enter a not guilty plea.WILLIAM LAJEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Police call them the Gilbert Goons named after the wealthy Phoenix suburb of Gilbert, Arizona. Last month, one teen after another appeared in court accused of killing 16-year-old, Preston Lord, who prosecutors say died of brain injuries after the gang attacked him at a party. Two of the seven are under 18 but all are charged as adults.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There has got to be at least 250 kids here. They're walking the streets. These kids are going to hit each other. Someone's going to get hurt.LAJEUNESSE: Police say the gang targeted victims at fast food outlets, parking lots, and parties, leaving them with skull fractures, broken bones, and missing teeth. The goons allegedly attacked Lord after he accused them of stealing a friend's $10.00 gold chain. He died later in a hospital.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The manner in which his life ended is heartbreaking to us.LAJEUNESSE: Talon Renner threw the first punch, police say, messaging on Snapchat, I accidentally killed a kid. I guess I'm just too strong. And according to the police report, another member, Talon video messaged, I hit a kid and he fell. The kid died.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Let me be very clear. This investigation and review are not over.LAJEUNESSE: Prosecutors also say Renner's parents sent their son out of town to hide his injuries. Another couple wanted in on $10,000 in reward money by turning in some members while protecting their own son.RANDY BRICE, QUEEN CREEK, AZ POLICE CHIEF: We are looking at all aspects of this investigation to see if there are any charges that we could bring against people that have either tampered with witnesses or obstruction.LAJEUNESSE (on camera): The Gilbert Goons go on trial later this year. The evidence against them includes a 1,200-page police report, numerous witness accounts, some 600 videos, and in some cases, incriminating digital admissions from the suspects themselves. Trace?GALLAGHER: William, thank you. Let's bring in retired FBI Special Agent Maureen O'Connell and California Policy Center Attorney Julie Hamill. Maureen, to you first. I mean, they have thousands of videos, social media posts, as well as text messages. These kids, in essence, ratted themselves out, and now it appears they're in a bunch of trouble.MAUREEN O'CONNELL, FORMER FBI SPECIAL AGENT: And that's the only good news in this whole news article is that people are cooperating with law enforcement and they're all providing all the social media and all the videos that they took during these endeavors because clearly with all that information, they were all videoing while these attacks were taking place.GALLAGHER: Yes, and then the text messages they were testing in fact this, this was on snapchat from Talon Renner, he's a 19-year-old who apparently is the one who claims that he started this whole thing. He says, "I accidentally killed a kid, I guess I'm just too strong."He went on to say some other stuff your, Julie, but, but clearly there's a bunch of evidence in these kids is it that kind of possibility that they're just are going to look for plea deals now because it's there's so much against them.JULIE HAMILL, CALIFORNIA POLICY CENTER ATTORNEY: Yes, a please deal I think he'll probably be well advised for these kids. But what's really disturbing to me is this, it seems to be a growing trend. We have a really serious crime problem with minors. And the way they're talking about it on social media, it's as if it's a video game. It's like they're not treating these people as human beings with real life consequences.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, you go over it, Maureen, and not to move on, but you go over this, and some of the things the kids were saying they're literally they're describing how this kid was dying and you think what, what is happening here? I want to move on now if I can, King County, Seattle -- in fact, let's move on to this because Tennessee is doing this this is a Tennessee parent saying here, "We can hold accountable."They want to hold Tennessee parents accountable for what their kids do. We can, "Who can we hold accountable if not the parents? I'm all for holding parents accountable for their children's actions because why are 10, 11, 12-year-olds out late breaking into cars, smash and grabs. I do not understand."I mean remember the school shooter was his mom was held accountable, right? And now, his dad held accountable and you think this could be a trend, this could be a trend where parents are like you know what, if your kid is out smashing cars, we are going to charge you for that. What do you think?O'CONNELL: Well, this is a very -- this problem has a lot of tentacles. And one of the situations I think of when I first read this was, we have, let's say young children, or we have these young kids. What if it's a single mom or even if it is a two-parent household and a gang gets hold of these children?There's no way the parents can control the child from that point forward, so it's really difficult. I've been, I've met with parents who are just struggling mightily to try to get their children under control, and they just can't do it. And it seems the more they grow, the harder that problem becomes.GALLAGHER: And it's interesting because in King County, Seattle, we talked about them not notifying or noticing exceptional kids anymore, but in the same Seattle, they want to get rid of detention centers for young people. They want to get rid of the locks, they want to get rid of the cells. By 2028, no detention for juveniles, period, in Seattle. And you talk about kids roaming the streets who don't belong roaming the streets, Julie? Holy cow!HAMILL: Yes, the state of Washington is trying to out-crazy California, I think. And they're doing a very good job. I think it's apparent now that restorative justice doesn't work and the kids need to be held accountable and I think the parents should be as well.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean I think so too because the whole concept here is, is that what do you do? If you don't have a place to put these kids? What do you do with them when they commit some of these crimes? Especially, you know, when they're hurting people. What do you do with them?HAMILL: You have to hold them accountable. You've got to prosecute them, unlike Gascon.O'CONNELL: Especially when you consider the lax laws in that state. These kids are all in for murder and really hard crimes, like the kids in the goon squad in Gilbert. These kids are supposed to be let out on the street so they can perpetrate on other innocent victims? No.GALLAGHER: Yes, very good point. Maureen, Julie, thank you both.Well, first up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", a dramatic video of a helicopter rescue operation in Sonoma County, California. A hiker desperately clinging to a cliff at Golden Gate National Park. A thermal imaging camera allowed the deputies to kind of rush into action, and because of the deputies, the hiker is now safe.And not your average bank heist. Watch a lone deer break through the glass door of a bank in Austin, Texas that really wasn't after the cash just a cool place to chill grab a snack he was there for about twenty minutes and he later escape before animal control got there.And if you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.Coming up in the "NIGHTCAP," "Cowboy Carter" is taking the country world by storm. So, we know beyond say has a mean crossover appeal but if you had your druthers, what artist would you want to see make a similar move? You know which, which music maybe Mick Jagger sings "Phantom of the Opera"?First, tomorrow on "FOX AND FRIENDS" the actor John Hamm talks about his career from "Mad Man" to his latest, latest project "Landman." DVR the show if you cannot catch it live we are coming right back with the nightcap. It's going to be a good one.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Bill Melugin, Julie Hamill, Maureen O'Connell, and Bethany Mandel. Tonight's topic, crazy crossover. Beyonce just released a new country album titled "Cowboy Carter". This is a major shift from the R&B pop style the award-winning singer usually puts out, but fans are going crazy over it. What artist would you like to see make the shift to a new type of music? Kevin Corke?CORKE: Come on Swifties, let's see some rap from a girl.GALLAGHER: Yes, Taylor Swift, get out there and rap. Bethany Mandel.MANDEL: So, I had to phone a friend on this and ask the most handsome man in America, my husband, Seth, and he said the same. Taylor Swift, but making a punk rock album. Single-handedly he said, revive punk in America. And that's apparently his dream. I don't know.GALLAGHER: Nicely done. I just want to forewarn you, because Julie Hamill's a singer, and so by the way is Maureen. So, maybe they've hummed something here. Bill Melugin's going to answer the question while they're warming up their act here. Bill.MELUGIN: I'm kind of on Kevin's line of thinking, what about a crossover, like Celine Dion and Eminem switching? Or we could have both of them sing My Heart Will Go On, since they can sing. We were talking about it during the commercial. Not to add any pressure.GALLAGHER: Maureen, do you have any artists that you would?O'CONNELL: Yes, I was thinking of Kacey Musgraves doing a really cool jazz club. You know, I love jazz and I love Kacey Musgraves, so I think she would be wonderful.GALLAGHER: Yes. You know, I saw Michael Buble once. The guy can sing. He's got a crazy -- wouldn't Michael Buble would sing with Queen? Would be amazing, right? Like, he just, he's got that voice. I think he could do it. Julie?HAMILL: This is my dad's idea.GALLAGHER: Ah. Her dad, by the way, is here in the studio watching.HAMILL: Pitbull doing gospel.GALLAGHER: Nice! What would that sound like, Julie?HAMILL: I don't know.O'CONNELL: It would be good.HAMILL: Something interesting.GALLAGHER: OK, so do you think artists should venture into multiple genres? Yes, 64 percent. Instagram, yes, 42 percent. No, 58 percent. Interesting.Michael, "If they have the voice to pull it off, then yes."Bill, "If you already screwed up one genre, don't screw up another one."Ron, "Some should, some shouldn't. She being in the shouldn't category. Who is she?"And Krista, "Of course, they are musicians, they aren't genre-icians."Whatever that means. Julie, you want to sing us out?HAMILL: No.GALLAGHER: No? OK. Well, thank you for watching America's Late News, Fox News at Night. No? OK. Well, thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ Night. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We will sing some other time. We'll see you back here again tomorrow night.