(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER ON JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME: What kind of car do you drive?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I have a Corvette.BELISARIO: Do you keep classified documents in your Corvette?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, is -- that's like -- not actually I can't tell you where I put them.(END VIDEO CLIP)JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: 8:00 --(CROSSTALK)DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Judge. They said save your OMT.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. They just said to me, save it from tomorrow.(CROSSTALK)PERINO: It must be a good one.PIRRO: It's a clueless criminal.PERINO: Because she is a gifted --PIRRO: And they're all over.PERINO: She is gifted at "ONE MORE THING." All right. That's it for us have a great --JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hey, good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm John Roberts, in for Bret Baier this evening.New information on the suspected migrant squatters who have been in and out of custody in New York, and how they may have gotten into that property in the first place.Our "COMMON GROUND" segment deals with bipartisan opposition to some of President Biden's green agenda.And how much would you spend to survive the apocalypse? A look at the growing market for doomsday bunkers. All of that just ahead.But first, breaking tonight, President Biden says an immediate ceasefire between Israel and Hamas is essential. The White House says the president told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today, future U.S. support for the Gaza war depends on new steps to protect civilians and aid workers.The administration is denying this represents a change in policy. White House correspondent Peter Doocy starts us out this evening. He's live on the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, John. For half an hour today, President Biden and Prime Minister Netanyahu had what officials here are calling a good and direct conversation.But officials here are admitting publicly there has been growing frustration with Israel in the West Wing and they are calling here for a ceasefire in Gaza immediately.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL We need to see certain changes. And if we don't, then, we'll have to consider changes to our own policy.DOOCY (voice over): According to the White House, President Biden told Prime Minister Netanyahu, the strikes on humanitarian workers and the overall humanitarian situation are unacceptable."And U.S. military aid may dry up if Israel does not publicly provide concrete steps to alleviate suffering in Gaza in coming hours or days.ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: He made clear that U.S. policy with respect to Gaza will be determined by our assessment of Israel's immediate action on these steps.DOOCY (voice over): This call was a direct result of the Israeli strike on World Central Kitchen aid workers. Chef Jose Andres, claims his staff were targeted.JOSE ANDRES, FOUNDER, WORLD CENTRAL KITCHEN: They airstrikes on our convoy -- I don't think were an unfortunate mistake. It was really a direct attack on a clearly marked vehicles, whose movements were known.DOOCY (voice over): The president has seen that clip.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: But he's been briefed and he's aware by the comments.DOOCY: Biden allies have been imploring him to shift his approach to Israel.JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: The strategy that the United States is implementing at this point is not working to change the behavior of Prime Minister Netanyahu. It is not working to end the war.DOOCY (voice over): And while officials won't outline a definite policy change, things appear to have changed. Since this Biden statement, October 7th, "My administration's support for Israel's security is rock solid and unwavering."DOOCY: How is the support unwavering, but you're also reconsidering policy choices?KIRBY: Both can be true. Not going to waiver, but -- will there, perhaps, be some policy changes we might have to make if we don't see policy changes out of Israel? Yes.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY: No matter what words they use, things here are changing. In fact, President Biden, according to The New York Times shared privately with a small group of Muslim community leaders here at the White House earlier this week that he has been told about the war in Gaza to "Stop it." Stop it now by his most trusted adviser, the first lady. John.ROBERTS: All depends too on what your definition of the word, waiver, is. Peter Doocy tonight at the White House. Peter, thank you.And "BREAKING TONIGHT", the southern border crisis and the revolving door for migrants accused of occupying a Bronx home illegally, along with more serious crimes.One of them is now at large after arrests and re-arrests earlier this week. We're also learning how sanctuary city status or the absence of it is contributing to the situation.We've got "FOX TEAM COVERAGE" Madison Alworth in New York, as Democrat-run big city start to tabulate the billions of taxpayer dollars being spent on dealing with migrants.But we begin with correspondent Nate Foy. He is in the Bronx where it all went down. Hello, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, John.One of the eight Venezuelan migrants, who police say squatted at this Bronx, New York home behind me is still on the run tonight, as the homeowner returns to assess the damage left behind.He gave us a tour of the home he wants to remain nameless, because he still fears for his life.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: New York law is not favor to the safety.FOY (voice over): This landlord took us inside his Bronx, New York house, after an eight-month battle to evict eight Venezuelan migrants, who police say broke into his basement and made it their home.FOY: Did they ever threaten you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, they threatened me. Of course, last time, even the officer was there and they were sitting down against us. And they were showing me something like this.FOY (voice over): He tells Fox News he rented the basement to an Ecuadorian woman and her husband, who moved out abruptly and left the unit for her brother. But after failing to finalize the new lease, the apparent migrant squatters moved in, broke his security cameras and cost him thousands of dollars.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What are you going to do as a landlord, like me?FOY (voice over): Three of the migrants accused of squatting here are in ICE custody, pending removal operations. After a raid made more difficult by New York City's sanctuary status.Immigration and Customs Enforcement tells Fox, "We received no assistance from NYPD." One of the migrants, Hector Desousa-Villalta, crossed the border illegally last May. Police arrested him three months later for assault and attempted murder.JOHN CHELL, CHIEF OF PATROL, NEW YORK POLICE DEPARTMENT: This gentleman here is not here for the American dream. Most of the migrants in New York City had to work, pursue that dream. Others are not.FOY (voice over): Two of the migrants arrested last week now face additional shoplifting charges in nearby Nassau County, which is not a sanctuary County and will cooperate with ICE.BRUCE BLAKEMAN, EXECUTIVE, NASSAU COUNTY, NEW YORK: What we have to do is work with ICE and work within the framework of a very, very bad law that the state legislature and the governor have imposed upon us.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Two additional migrants remain at Rikers Island, while ICE is still looking for Jefferson (INAUDIBLE). The Bronx D.A. requested a $45,000 bond for him, but the judge let him walk free. John?ROBERTS: It is curious how all of this suddenly became a priority for ICE now. Nate Foy for us in the Bronx. Nate, thank you.Now, to the financial toll of the migrant crisis in places both near to and far from the border.Fox Business correspondent Madison Alworth, takes a look at the staggering numbers tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MADISON ALWORTH, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Cities across America are spending billions of dollars on benefits for migrants who have crossed the border illegally.CASCIA JONES, IMMIGRANT: Yes. I do feel like I slap in the face. I slapped in the face, as me, as a legal immigrant.ALWORTH (voice over): How many benefits each asylum seeker is getting is a story better told by smaller numbers. In the sanctuary city of New York, housing is guaranteed with tens of thousands of migrants flooding the system, some have been housed in hotel rooms that go for $300 a night.Mayor Eric Adams is also running a $53 million debit card program. $1,400 for a family of four. The mayor defending the move.ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: I'm not hearing from my colleagues down in Ecuador, Colombia, Mexico, that hey, everybody is running to New York, because they are going to get a food card.ALWORTH (voice over): In Los Angeles, migrants are given full coverage health insurance, and soon, could get $1,000 a month through the city's guaranteed income pilot program, which is immigration status blind.And Chicago has spent $300 million since 2023 on migrants on things like rental assistance. If you're a migrant there, you could get $15,000 annually to help pay for your housing. But some places now cutting back on migrant housing.MIKE JOHNSTON, MAYOR OF DENVER, COLORADO: That still be a city that's welcoming. And we can be a city that realizes we have to be conservative with our fiscal resources.ALWORTH (voice over): Denver has closed for hotels that were being used to house migrants. Saving the city roughly $60 million. Each new migrant that arrives to the Mile High City costs it anywhere from $1,600 to $2,000.(END VIDEOTAPE)ALWORTH (on camera): Illinois is also making cuts. Starting May 1st, migrants who have been in the U.S. for less than five years are losing their health care coverage.That will be $13 million in savings for the state. John?ROBERTS: It is a big expense for everybody out there. Madison Alworth for us. Madison, thank you.And now, to "DEMOCRACY 24". In the campaigns of both President Biden and former President Trump, breathing a sigh of relief tonight.Chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel is here to tell us why. Hi, Mike.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: John, good evening.Centrist group, No Labels announced today, it's giving up on its plan to create a unity ticket for this year's presidential election.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE CUNNINGHAM, NATIONAL DIRECTOR, NO LABELS: No Labels was looking for a hero. And a hero never emerged.And that's where we ran to the trouble is at the end of the day, we weren't able to find candidates that we felt had a straightforward path to victory in this.EMANUEL (voice over): No Labels tried recruiting some big names, including former Republican press presidential candidates Nikki Haley and Chris Christie, former Republican Governor Larry Hogan of Maryland, who decided to run for the Senate instead, and West Virginia Democrat Senator Joe Manchin, who is retiring from the Senate, but all declined.NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: What I will tell you is I'm a conservative Republican. I have said many, many times, I would not run as an independent, I would not run as No Labels, because I am a Republican.SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-WV): I will not be seeking a third-party run. I will not be involved in the presidential run.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL (on camera): No Labels did have some achievements, saying, it regained ballot access and 21 states, including battlegrounds like North Carolina, Arizona, and Nevada.It also said it had a $70 million budget to launch a unity ticket campaign to attract voters who didn't want to support Trump or Biden in 2024.This announcement coming after the passing of its founding chair, former Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman, who died last week.Today's news does not mean it will just be Biden versus Trump round two, independents Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Cornell West, plus libertarian, and Green Party candidates could all be in the mix in November.ROBERTS: And one of the big questions, will RFK managed to get the criteria to be included in debate -- debates?EMANUEL: That would be fascinating.ROBERTS: That way, wouldn't it? Mike, thank you, appreciate it.A judge in Georgia is rejecting former President Trump's bid to dismiss criminal charges in the States 2020 election interference case.Trump says his free speech rights are being violated. But the judge ruled the indictment alleges statements by the former president and 14 others charged in the case were made of what he calls furtherance of criminal activity. He says the statements are not protected by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.Another judge this one in Florida is refusing to dismiss the former president's classified documents case. Mr. Trump says he was allowed to have the materials under the Presidential Records Act. The Special Counsel argues the law does not apply the classified documents.Stocks took heavy losses today over the increasing tension in the Middle East. The Dow fell 530 points. The S&P 500 was off 64. NASDAQ was down 228.Up next, why some Chinese nationals are trying to sneak into one U.S. territory. But first, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.WFXT in Boston, as a deadly late season nor'easter pounds the region. It brings damaging wind gusts, rain, and yes, heavy snow. It has knocked out power to more than 600,000 customers from Pennsylvania all the way up to Maine.Police in Collegeville, Pennsylvania say an 82-year-old woman died when a tree crushed her car.FOX11 in Los Angeles, as investigators tried to solve one of the largest cash heists in the city's history.They say a burglary crew broke into a money storage facility on Sunday and got away with, listen to this. $30 million. No arrests had been announced.And this is a live look at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona from Fox 10 there. One of the big stories there tonight, the defending national champion Connecticut Huskies at a tough time getting to Phoenix where they will seek to win their second straight title. They are ranked number one.The teams' plane encountered mechanical issues, The take-off delayed from 6:00 in the evening, until 1:30 In the morning. The group arrived in Arizona at 3:15 local time this morning. The National semi-finals will be played Saturday evening.And that's tonight's live look, "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: A federal appeals court has upheld a lower court judge's ruling putting a temporary halt on New Jersey's primary ballot design. The state uses what is called the county line system. The group's candidates who have won the county party's backing in a single column, then lists others in discrete places elsewhere on the ballot. Critics say that gives the party back candidates an unfair advantage.This ought to be interesting, Fox News Digital reporting EcoHealth Alliance President Peter Daszak will testify publicly before the House Select Subcommittee on the coronavirus pandemic next month. Daszak testified behind closed doors in November that House Republicans said his testimony contained many discrepancies they want to air in public.Tonight we're learning about another immigration problem as Chinese nationals are caught tried to sneak not across the southern border but into the U.S. territory of Guam.State Department Correspondent Gillian Turner reports why this could be a serious national security issue.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): As the number of Chinese nationals crossing into the U.S. illegally is surging, some are finding a new route in via Guam. A Us territory that's home to three strategic military bases and over 20,000 American troops, a key outpost for America's defense against China.118 Chinese nationals have been apprehended trying to enter Guam since 2020 prompting national security concerns.MIKE POMPEO, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: There's no chance, Laura, that this is accidental, that these folks are actually seeking asylum.TURNER (voice over): Senator Joni Ernst says many are exploiting illegal loophole that allows visa free entry to the Northern Mariana Islands for 14 days, just a boat ride away from Guam.This policy has made the island vulnerable to a plethora of problems including drug trafficking, illegal immigration and organized crime.ROBERT O'BRIEN, FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: They use our spies to drive into the military bases to test our readiness, to test our security because they're planning for a future actions against U.S. bases in a war. TURNER (voice over): A Pentagon official tells Fox News they're working on plans for a "Guam defense system that will deter aggression and reassure our allies and partners".Guam's customs agency says it's paramount that all arrivals to Guam are screened and authorized for entry and properly accounted for in accordance with the law.Days ago, a Chinese national attempted to run the gate at 29 Palms Marine Corps Base in California. OKARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Obviously, that's something that we take very seriously. We work with folks on the ground when we see those types of cases pop up.(END VIDEOTAPE)TURNER (on camera): Well, at least some Chinese nationals are making it through Guam's defenses. And we know this, John, because earlier in the year, Guam's Labor Department sanctioned four companies operating on the island for using undocumented Chinese laborers, John.ROBERTS: And of course, we've seen them come across the southern border here in the continental United States by the thousands. Gillian Turner for us at the State Department. Gillian, thank you.Up next, she is called the worst mayor in America and she is fighting to stay in office. You will meet her when we come back.First, Beyond our Borders tonight, rescuers search for missing people and try to reach hundreds still stranded from Taiwan's strongest earthquake in 25 years. At least 10 people died, more than a thousand were injured.South Korea's President meets the leader of a strike by thousands of junior doctors. Yoon Suk Yeol says the government is open to talks about its contentious push to sharply increase medical school admissions.The meeting was the first since more than 90 percent of the country's 13,000 doctor trainees walked off the job in February.And this is a live look at Amsterdam from Earth Cam one of the big stories there tonight, NATO marks 75 years of collective defense across Europe and North America. The top diplomats of the alliance are vowing to stay the course in Ukraine. The anniversary comes as the now 32 nation alliance considers a plan to provide more predictable long term military support to Ukraine.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ROBERTS: A woman that critics call the worst mayor in America, Tiffany Henyard of Dolton, Illinois is accused of massive corruption and ethical issues. And she is allegedly taking extraordinary steps to stay in power. Our Senior Correspondent Mike Tobin is in Dolton tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TIFFANY HENYARD, MAYOR OF DOLTON, ILLINOIS: I'm here at the White House.MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Pictured here with President Biden, Tiffany Henyard calls herself the super mayor. With her image on posters all over town, critics call her the Dolton dictator and accused her of embezzling public money, taking lavish trips on the public's dime, pulling police officers from patrols for her security detail and retaliating against an employee who claims sexual harassment.Now, even more outrage after Henyard locked most of the public out of a village hall meeting on Monday.UNIDENTIFIED MALE:UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is egregious.TOBIN (voice over): The meeting came after Henyard vetoed a resolution asking agencies like the FBI to investigate her use of public funds.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: For her to lock us out is deplorable.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why can't we have transparency what's going on with our tax dollars?TOBIN (voice over): The trustees who approved the resolution walked out of the meeting because of the mayor's decision to lock the public out. Henyard dismissed that as a stunt.HENYARD: They didn't come here to have the business. They came here to do a political theater stunt which you just saw.TOBIN (voice over): In a town where boarded up homes and store stand on nearly every block. The median income is less than $55,000. Its mayor earns more than five times that. The Illinois Policy Institute says Henyard earns $224,000 as supervisor of the township, then $49,000 as mayor of Dolton.So, her combined income is greater than 49 of 50 governors, including Illinois Governor JB Pritzker.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She's scary. She's absolutely scary.TOBIN (voice over): The village explained the locked doors as a response to threats of violence. As a result of the continued misinformation portrayed by the media and internet bloggers who are using Dolton as a means to generate ratings and revenue, i.e. clickbait.(END VIDEOTAPE)TOBIN (on camera): The doors to village hall are locked now even during business hours, someone looking to get something like a city sticker or permit needs to wait in a vestibule for a security guard to let them in. Only then that person can approach the window and do business with the village, John.ROBERTS: That's quite the payday the mayor's got there. No wonder she wants to stay in power. Mike Tobin with quite the story for us tonight. Mike, thank you.The Biden administration is close to finalizing highly anticipated standards targeting menthol cigarettes. The regulations would come despite heavy opposition from small businesses, civil rights, law enforcement, and free market consumer groups. The Food and Drug Administration has repeatedly missed target dates for finalizing the proposed ban, the most recent of was earlier this week.There are serious concerns tonight about dozens of instances of cancer at North Carolina State University that date back decades. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating. Correspondent Jonathan Serrie is in Atlanta tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: This classroom building at N.C. State has been closed since November after the university discovered the presence of PCBs. The potentially carcinogenic chemicals were commonly used in construction materials and electrical systems when Poe Hall was built in 1971. Local station WRAL says it has 152 reports of cancer in people who worked or studied in Poe Hall.RANDY WOODSON, NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY CHANCELLOR: At this time, the university is not offering health testing or reimbursement for health testing relating to Poe Hall because we're still in the evaluation phase of the building's environment.SERRIE: A CDC spokesperson tells FOX News "The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health is conducting a health hazard evaluation at North Carolina State University's Poe Hall. However, NIOSH does not provide details about ongoing evaluations." At this point, public health officials are not calling this case a cancer cluster, a designation that could create a tailored government response. Houston, Texas, is relocated residents from a cancer cluster the city blames on multiple chemicals from a nearby industrial site. In the case of PCBs, toxic effects have been studied extensively in laboratory animals but less so in humans with casual exposure in a building.FREDERICK GUENGERICH, VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY BIOCHEMIST: Frankly, I think it's still pretty fuzzy even after all these years in terms of how much it would take to cause cancer in people if this ever really happens.(END VIDEO TAPE)SERRIE (on camera): Experts say cancer clusters are difficult to prove because the disease so common. According to the National Institutes of Health, more than 40 percent of all-Americans will be diagnosed with some type of cancer at some point during their lifetimes. John?ROBERTS: A lot of concern for folks there in North Carolina. John Serrie for us. John, thank you.Call it paranoia or prudent planning. Tonight, we show you some of the doomsday plans for the ultrarich. Many of them are paying big bucks for state-of-the-art bunkers in hopes of surveying the apocalypse in style and keeping the rest of the world out. Correspondent Griff Jenkins has that story.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)AL CORBI, SAFE PRESIDENT: The Ritz Carlton is underground.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: How much are you willing to spend on a doomsday bunker? Want a ring of fire protecting you like a moat, or watercannons to repel invaders? Modern day bunker builders say, if you've got the dough, the sky is the limit.RON HUBBARD, ATLAS SURVIVAL SHELTERS CEO: Wealthy people in the U.S., they don't want to suffer if they go in a bomb shelter. They want basically an extension of their lifestyle in their bunker.JENKINS: Ron Hubbard, the CEO of Atlas Survivor Shelters, saw a spike in demand when the Ukraine war started, and again when war broke out in Gaza. Other fears driving this trend, World War III, a terror attack, and a power grid collapse. But builder Al Corbi says his biggest concern is something entirely different.CORBI: Every geopolitical jurisdiction should be concerned about is civil unrest. It isn't a foreign invasion anymore. That idea the Russians are coming, the Russians are coming. No, they are not.JENKINS: Hubbard builds bunkers across the economic spectrum, from the average buyer to the billionaire. This one in Texas ran about $400,000. The inside, a far cry from the Cold War era shelters. For $20,000 you can get the basic bomb shelter. Dig a little deeper in your wallet, and you can get the $100,000 big boy bunker, which works just fine for Alexander Kozlowski.ALEXANDER KOZLOWSKI, ATLAS SURVIVAL SHELTERS CLIENT: It's worth it. It's worth it 100 percent just to have, just to know that, hey, just in case, we have it.(END VIDEO TAPE)JENKINS (on camera): And we've come a long way, John, from these old fallout shelters of the 1960s. And a Pew poll from the end of 2022 found that roughly four in 10 Americans believe we are living in the end times. So you better start building your bunker now, John.ROBERTS: Or if you're a multi-billionaire like Mark Zuckerberg, you can have a very plush bunker on your Hawaiian island. Griff Jenkins for us. Griff, thank you.Up next, Bret Baier has our "Common Ground" segment as lawmakers from both parties fight against the Biden administration's green agenda.But first, on this day in history 56 years ago, Martin Luther King Junior was assassinated in Memphis, Tennessee. Reverend King was preparing for a march on behalf of striking sanitation workers. He stepped out on his balcony of his hotel when he was shot dead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ROBERTS: The Ford Motor Company is delaying production of new electric pickups and SUVs as sales growth slows despite the Biden administration's push for an all E.V. future. Tonight's "Common Ground" segment focuses on bipartisan efforts to curb President Biden's green agenda, specifically his plans to send gas powered vehicles the way of the dodo. Here's Bret Baier.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks, John.It is time for our "Common Ground" segment, Democracies and Republicans coming together on different things. Joining me tonight, Michigan Republican Congressman John James and North Carolina Democratic Congressman Don Davis. Gentlemen, thanks for being here. I know you work a number of different thing, but the issue we're talking about tonight, electric vehicles, and this mandate about the crackdown on tailpipe emissions. We have writeup that President Biden finalized a crackdown on gas cars, forcing more than half of new car sales to be electric by 2030. Officials said automakers would be forced to ensure 56 percent of light duty car sales are battery electric, another 13 percent are hybrid by 2032.There are real questions about the feasibility of that. Congressman Davis, let me start with you. Are you concerned?REP. DON DAVIS, (D-NC): I am concerned, and I would say that we shouldn't go too far too fast, and I would only imagine putting the trust in Washington D.C. to ultimately determine the winners and losers. I have great concerns here.BAIER: Congressman James, what are your thoughts?REP. JOHN JAMES (R-MI): Well, the automotive industry is not just responsible for 50, five-zero, percent of Michigan's GDP, but all industries in all states rely on the automotive industry to provide a reliable, economical transportation. We all believe in clean air and clean water, but we have must progress and make sure that the federal government is never in a position to remove choice and freedom from the American people. We absolutely must make sure that if you want an E.V., get an E.V. If you want a hybrid, get a hybrid. If you want a gas powered vehicle, get a gas powered vehicle. But these are decisions that should be made by the consumer.BAIER: Here's a Republican senator and the transportation secretary on this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. KEVIN CRAMER, (R-ND) SENATE ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE: The model is broken because even with big subsidies only rich people can buy an electric vehicle. And we don't have a grid that can energize them. We don't have enough transmission. We don't have enough generation.PETE BUTTIGIEG, TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: The number one way that we have supported E.V.s is by making them more affordable. That's why those tax credits are about. And that's one of the reasons why you've seen the prices get closer and closer to parity.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: I guess, Congressman James, the issue is about how feasible it is. We had the infrastructure bill, and $5 billion was allocated for bipartisan effort to create charging stations. Of the $5 billion, as of a month ago is has resulted in four charging stations across the country opening so far. Obviously, there are big plans for things, but again, to Congressman Davis's point, is this getting ahead of things?JAMES: That's $1.25 billion per charging station when we are supposed to have hundreds by now. In places like Iowa where it got to 40 below zero, in places like Michigan where we have winters. These are not solutions. And what this leaves us open to is a China that is coming up with these vehicles fully subsidized, competing on their strong turf for vehicles that they can sell below what it costs us to make.BAIER: Congressman Davis, how are you working on this in the common ground way with Congressman James or others who see the same way? And what do you tell the administration about this? We have automakers scaling back or delaying E.V. plans, a number of them have kind of rolled back their plans in recent weeks and months.DAVIS: Of course, there are those that are very supportive and are moving towards E.V. However, there are others who have grave concerns just like I have. And that we've already heard charging stations, we're just not there on the infrastructure.BAIER: This is the mandate. The electric trucks, "Wall Street Journal" editor board, "Let there be electric trucks. The EPA's rule will require electric models to account for 60 percent of new urban delivery trucks, 25 percent of long-haul tractor-trailer sales by 2032. The harm is predictable in return for no climate benefit." Again, this is the editorial board of "The Wall Street Journal". "Some 1.4 million chargers will have to be installed by 2032 to achieve the EPAs mandate, about 15,000 a month." And the realism there, Congressman James, is really the question.JAMES: The realism is extremely in question. When you take a look at the natural resources that would be required to make these batteries in the first place, you're relying on a supply chain that needs critical minerals that we don't have yet because we don't have the regulatory environment in the Biden administration that is permitting more quickly. You have unreliable supply chains which could cause food shortages, chip shortages on levels where you don't have these deliveries, on top of the fact that these are heavier trucks. OK, you say that you want to scale back the impact on the environment. What's going to happen when you have heavier trucks that are on the road. You're going to require more trucks to carry the same payload. And so you're going to have more trucks damaging the road and having more of a demand on our grid system, which is going to make worse our climate issues.It is not based in reality, and somebody needs to come to common sense, which is why we are working across the aisle to push back on this administration to say enough is enough.BAIER: Last thing, Congressman Davis. When you talk to other colleagues on your side of the aisle who are pushing for this and are siding with the administration.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. ED MARKEY, (D-MA) SENATE TRANSPORTATION COMMITTEE: We know that United States has a goal of 50 percent all new electric vehicles by 2030. A move away from the all-electric vehicle future is to destroy our planet.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What do they say?DAVIS: Obviously, there's a greater concern about the environment, and we get that. But again, I come also from an academic background, and sometimes we can talk all day about theory, but theory may not wholly align with what's practical and what's taking place on the ground.BAIER: Gentlemen, we appreciate the time. This is a conversation that clearly is going to last for a long, long time as we see this battle play out. Thanks for coming on "Common Ground."You can see all of the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see the whole discussion on the FOX News YouTube page. John, I'll send it back to you.ROBERTS: Bret, thank you.Up next, the panel on President Biden's threats to revise U.S. policy toward Israel. Later, the stage is set for this weekend's final four.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: President Biden spoke a short while ago with Prime Minister Netanyahu. He made clear that U.S. policy with respect to Gaza will be determined by our assessment of Israel's immediate action.TAL HEINRICH, NETANYAHU SPOKESWOMAN: Hamas, they want international pressure to be applied on Israel instead of on them, and again, let them live another day and stay in power.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: Big news coming out of that phone call between President Biden and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Let's chew on that for a while with our panel, syndicated radio host Hugh Hewitt is with us here tonight, former Republican National Committee communications director Douglas Heye, and Julia Manchester, national politics reporter for "The Hill."Julia, start us off. This would seem to be a stunning change in direction for the Biden administration.JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER, "THE HILL": You're absolutely right, John, and I think a lot of this started with that Israeli strike on the World Central Kitchen workers. That's when we really saw a shift in tone in how the U.S. was really viewing this. I would say that American public support of Israel has been starting to ticker down for quite some time. But this being a well-known charity organization and being aid workers, some of those aid workers from western countries, including the United States, definitely played a role in changing this.And I think Biden very much trying to be firm with Benjamin Netanyahu, but also understanding, I think at the same time, that there is still a push for the U.S. to support Israel.ROBERTS: And Hugh, this comes at a time when Israel is concerned that Iran may launch some sort of retaliatory strike for the killing of that IRGC --HUGH HEWITT, SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: Very much so. They are running all sorts of different GPS jamming signals. They are very concerned about what's going on form the Mullahs. But I've got to say, Secretary Blinken today declaring that Israel could become indistinguishable from Hamas, that's obscene. It's jolting, it's jarring, and it's obscene. And he ought to retract that, because Israel is waging perhaps the most civilized war in the most difficult urban warfare environment in history, and they are losing hundreds of IDF casualties as they do it. It's tragic what happened to civilian aid workers, but this gang in Washington of the same people that droned 10 innocents as we were abandoning Afghanistan 30 months ago, I think maybe they should sit down.ROBERTS: To your point, just for the -- I'm going to jump around a little bit here, Congressman Michael Waltz was on "America Reports" earlier today, and he addressed that point. He said the Biden administration better be careful about the outrage that it has directed toward Israel over that unfortunate tragic incident because of what you mentioned happened in Afghanistan. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE WALTZ, (R-FL): Under President Biden, we had a civilian aid worker strike during the disgraceful withdrawal from Afghanistan.Let's save a bit of the public righteous indignation when it comes to our ally clearly making a mistake.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: In the drone strike, Doug, which the Pentagon initially said was a righteous strike, that aid worker was killed along with nine members of his family, seven of them children. So is there a lesson about glass houses and stones here?DOUGLAS HEYE, FORMER REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: There's always a lesson with that. And look, what happened in Afghanistan was really the bloom coming off the rose for the Biden administration. It showed that its core promise of we've got this and we are going to be completely competent wasn't really true.But also who and what matters in this situation. Whatever happened, and we're going to obviously investigate this, is a tragedy, but the reality is it also happened to the wrong aid workers. And what I mean by that is Jose Andres isn't just an internationally known chef. He is a commodity in Washington. He knows everybody in every newsroom. He knows a lot of members of Congress and a lot of senators, called the president himself. Not every celebrity chef gets to do that.That's part of why this has changed that conversation. And it's why I reached out to my friend Matt Brooks today, who is the head of the Republican Jewish Coalition, to see where are you all on this? And they realize the same thing that a lot of voters do, is that time is not on Israel's side here, especially then when you consider the very real threat from Iran.ROBERTS: In fact, there was an interview that the former President Donald Trump did with Israel Hiyom in which he said pretty much the same thing. Let me play that. Oh, sorry. We don't have the video. I'll read it for you here. He said "You have to finish up your war, to finish up, you've got to get it done, and I'm sure you'll do that. And we've got to get to peace. We can't have this thing going on. And I will say Israel has to be very careful because you're losing a lot of the world. You're losing a lot of support. You have to finish up. You have to get the job done, and you have to get on to peace, get on to a normal life for Israel and for everybody else."Julia, the former president, who says that he is probably the most stalwart president ever when it comes to Israel, is saying it's time to get this wrapped up.MANCHESTER: Yes, Israel is not only fighting a war against Hamas, they are fighting a public relations battle. And right now in this moment they are losing. And to Doug's point, I think it was a turning point with the Israeli strike on the world central bombing -- or World Central Kitchen, yes.But going forward for not only President Trump, but I think also Benjamin Netanyahu, he is also someone who is fighting this public relations battle not only from the world but from Israelis themselves. So it's a very complicated situation.HEWITT: John, I brought up that very quote to the president, former President Trump this morning, and he wanted to clarify it and he wanted to make sure people understood. He wants Israel to achieve victory and to do it quickly, as opposed to the Biden administration which wants sort of standing in place, cease-fire, very slowly. I think the former president is lightyears ahead in his support of Israel over the current president.ROBERTS: All right, in fact, let me play an excerpt of your interview with the former president this morning. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HEWITT: You are still standing 100 percent with Israel. You achieved the Abraham Accords, which was the first peace deal since Sadat.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Right.HEWITT: And are you still 100 percent with Israel? And what's your advice to Netanyahu beyond get it over with in a hurry.TRUMP: That's all the advice you can give. Every night they are releasing tapes of a building falling down. They should be releasing tapes like that. They're doing -- that's why they're losing the P.R. war.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: Is he still 100 percent behind Israel.HEWITT: Yes, because he said victory, victory, victory, but do it quickly. Biden has been holding them back, and I think they ought to listen to Trump and not to Biden.HEWITT: What I thought was interesting in everything that was said today, Doug, was there was a large degree of ambiguity in terms of not what the Biden administration was looking for from Israel, but what the Biden administration would do if Israel doesn't comply.HEYE: I think that goes directly to domestic politics here in America. As we had so many conversations of weaknesses that Donald Trump has with the electorate, so does Joe Biden. And we look at Michigan. We hear all this conversation about the problem that he has with what Israel is doing, supporting Israel, and how that might hurt him in Michigan with Muslim voters, especially around Dearborn, a lot of Jewish Democrats as well who are looking with a very cast eye on this. A lot of uncertainty for just where is the Biden administration today, much less last week or next week.ROBERTS: Right. One quick question to you, Julia. With Hamas on the ropes and Israel saying they have to eradicate Hamas, will that put pressure on them to back off?MANCHESTER: I don't think Israel will ever back off, but it definitely puts pressure on them to really reevaluate their strategy and maybe pay more attention to more civilian risks.ROBERTS: Folks, great to have you with us today. Really appreciate it. Great to see you, thank you.And finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Final Four is also bringing in volunteers who will be in the airport to answer questions about all the festivities as well as provide information.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport has never been more ready for basketball fans. The airport expecting a massive surge of people similar to what it saw during the 2023 Super Bowl. The airport has put up, get this, a Final Four countdown clock in preparation for this weekend's college basketball national championship event. It has also, and my son would love this, redesigned recycling bins into basketball hoops and increased the number of volunteers. A lot of people will be trying to play Steph Curry with those trash bins.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, what we can learn from America's greatest presidents and what they'd say to Americans now. Thanks for watching SPECIAL REPORT. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" with Kid Rock is next.