SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".Tonight, we begin with a FOX News alert tonight the world is on high alert after Iran's massive attack against Israel. Now at this hour we are monitoring the skies over Iran as we await a forceful response that has been promised from Israel.This as we also now tonight track multiple major stories, including a blatant political smear campaign, oh, that's disguised as a criminal trial. Jury selection now underway in New York City where the very leftist district attorney Alvin Bragg is determined to prosecute Donald Trump for a decade old defunct misdemeanor surrounding the labeling of business documents. Now the bogus charges are well past the statute of limitations, but Alvin Bragg has mysteriously up-charged what would be misdemeanors it to felonies by tying in a federal election case that was specifically never prosecuted even by Biden's weaponized DOJ.If this all sounds convoluted to you, that's because it is. These are not legitimate charges. This is not a legitimate trial. It is a perfectly timed political scheme led by a prosecutor who did campaign on, quote, getting Trump, sound familiar? And presided over by a judge whose family is deeply involved in Democratic politics.Now, coming up, we're going to explain in detail the real truth behind the bogus Trump trial in New York City and why weaponized justice is now posing a real clear serious threat to our country and to constitutional order, something Democrats say they care about but obviously do not.But, first, we have officially reached yet another low point maybe the lowest from the Biden administration. Today, disrupted protest broke out all across the country. You have far left Biden supporting agitators blocking airport traffic in Chicago, others causing a massive traffic jam on the Golden Gate Bridge. And state after state, angry far-left demonstrators causing chaos, blocking traffic and this nothing but a vile nationwide protest against Israel, yet one day after the world's only Jewish state was brutally attacked by Iran.Over the weekend, you had this unprecedented escalation of violence from Iran. Israel faced more than 60 tons of airborne explosives, including 170 drones, more than 30 cruise missiles and over 120 ballistic missiles, most of which were launched directly from inside Iran's borders.Now, following the attack where, you know, here was Joe Biden's message to our closest ally in the Middle East, you're on your own. And we won't support you if you defend yourself and fight back against radical Islamic terrorism.This all happened during a call with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Biden reportedly urging Israel not to fight back emphasizing that the U.S. will not participate in a response against the number one state sponsor of terror. The contents of that call, they would then leaked to the press, likely by the Biden White House.So you have to ask, why is Joe Biden so openly hostile to one of America's closest allies as it is fighting for its very existence and its very survival? And where is Joe Biden's moral compass? Why is there no moral clarity when it comes to taking a stand again against the number one state sponsor of terror?The answer is very sad and beyond pathetic, probably the low life of -- low moment of his presidency which says a lot. You take a look, you want to know where this begins? In Michigan, the Democratic primary. Over 100,000 voters cast their ballots for uncommitted, in other words 18.9 percent of Democrats in the Democratic primary would not vote for Joe Biden in large part because they sensed he was supporting Israel too much.In Wisconsin, nearly 50,000 issued uncommitted protest votes against Joe, well, again, probably because of his what was really tepid support for Israel. So, now, Joe, he's trying to appeal and appease his radical base, you know, the ones that are -- look at your screen, blocking traffic on critical bridges and thoroughfares. Others seen here in Chicago chanting, if you can believe it, "death to Israel, death to America". This is our country. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So it has two meanings, depending on who's asking. It can mean "death to" or "down with".UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can we get marg bar America?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We an get a marg bar America. Yes, we can. Marg bar America!CROWD: Marg bar America! Marg bar America!(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: We'll play that full tape straight ahead tonight.Plus, we will show you how the peace-loving ceasefire crowd literally celebrating Iran's attack against Israel.There are now a growing number of people living inside of the United States that not only hate Israel but seem to hate our country as well, and our way of life, and they are now openly aiding both Hamas and the terrorist state of Iran. How is that not being morally repugnant?But in an effort to appease his radical base and win back voters that he's been bleeding, you know, and a few thousand votes in Michigan and elsewhere around the country, Joe is ready, willing and he's clearly willing and able to throw Israel under the bus as they now fight back against radical terrorists out of Hamas, Hezbollah and Iran, all supported by Iran.The Islamic Republic of Iran that is now wealthier and more embolden. Why? Because of Joe Neville Chamberlain Biden, beginning during his time with Obama. Remember, Biden worked hard on that Iranian deal to appease Iran for nearly two decades. First with the insane nuclear deal, that remember the one that freed up $150 billion for the mullahs of Iran in exchange for a mere promise that they won't build a nuclear weapon.And a short time later in 2016, the Obama administration paid out yet another $1.7 billion to the mullahs in Iran to free five American hostages and then as president, Biden once again unfreezing billions of dollars for Iran, this time he had authorized six billion to free five American hostages where the price went up quite a bit.Biden also eliminated critical sanctions against the sale of Iranian oil and flat out stopped enforcing any and all other sanctions. What's the result of that? The Islamic republic led by the mullahs of Iran that were headed towards bankruptcy under Donald Trump, they have profited to the tune of eighty to hundred billion dollar under Joe Biden. And you can throw in another billion for the sale of energy and electricity and oil and gas to Iraq, that Biden also authorized.Biden also waved sanctions, targeting Iran's nuclear program. And in response to Biden's, quote, generosity, the mullahs of Iran have now upended peace in the Middle East. They're funding violent proxies all over the region like Hezbollah, the Houthi rebels, Islamic jihad and Hamas.The barbaric attack on October 7th, remember almost Israelis died that day, might not have been possible without Joe Biden's policy of appeasement and the enrichment of Iran. Iran has also rapidly accelerated their nuclear program and now they have attacked Israel directly for the first time in history, only two days after Biden issued this very tepid warning, before shuffling off to the beach for what was supposed to be a relaxing weekend. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: How imminent do you think an attack on Israel is from Iran, Mr. President?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't want to again a secure information, but my expectation is sooner than later.REPORTER: Mr. President, what is your message to Iran in this moment?BIDEN: Don't.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Don't? That's it? Our closest ally in the Middle East is facing an imminent attack from the world's number one sponsor of terrorism and Biden can only muster one word, don't?Joe, they did. Your appeasement bought you nothing. And then after Iran attacks Israel, the president didn't bother addressing this country or appear in public and get this, Senator Lankford is now demanding answers after the Biden administration allegedly granted a U.S. visa to Iran's foreign minister after they attacked our top ally, to appear in this country later this week.Iran is responsible for killing Americans you might recall, taking American hostages, launching a strike against our closest ally and you got Joe Neville Chamberlain Biden doing nothing in response. He won't even deny a visa to their foreign minister after this attack.America's message to Iran and the rest of the world that is involved in terror, it should be crystal clear, we will support our allies and our friends and we will -- by the way, we will fight for our citizens and never lift a finger to help any country that ferments and supports terrorism. So how does this all end?With or without support of Biden, Israel -- they will need to channel Winston Churchill in order to survive what is a threat to their existence. Let's take a trip down memory lane.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)WINSTON CHURCHILL, FORMER PRIME MINISTER OF THE UNITED KINGDOM: I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind. We have before us many, many long months of struggle and of suffering.You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word: victory. Victory at all costs., victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: Blood, toil, tears and sweat. What is our aim? Victory.We have long said on this program, appeasement the likes of which Joe Biden is guilty of will never work. You must hold bad actors accountable or you will be destroyed, and now, Israel has an obligation to fight back or they will risk more of these attacks and probably worse. But they clearly with Joe Biden as president will do so without a United States president that has any real moral compass or clarity and against what is a new axis of evil that he is allowed to form under his watch and that would be Iran and Russia and China.As we speak, by the way, Russia is now helping Iran harden its defenses.Here with reaction, analysis, former speaker of the house, New Gingrich.To me, this might be the lowest point of what has been a failed presidency, and that is a lack of moral clarity and abandoning our allies and literally -- in many ways giving, you know, the thumbs up that you're not going to be punished if in fact you are involved in either proxy terror wars or direct terror wars. Thoughts?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you know, if you actually look at what Biden does, it's pretty straightforward. He abandons our allies in Afghanistan after being warned by the military that if you pull out, they're going to collapse. Didn't matter, he abandoned them after 22 years.He's told the Ukrainians, you're not allowed to fight Russia in Russia. They can bomb you. They can destroy your electric facilities. They can destroy your towns. You're not allowed to use any weapon to go inside Russia.He said to the Israelis, I think the Rafah ought to become a terrorist sanctuary city, a moment of total insanity. We have allowed an Iranian warship to sit in the Red Sea where it helped Houthis target their missiles. That ship could be sunk by the American navy in five minutes, but it sits there.And now, you've had 335 missiles and various other weapons fired at Israel, I did a piece at Gingrich 360 where I said, look, if you say don't, and 335 times they do, then what's your obligation to respond?Biden is beyond being a paper tiger. This is pathetic, but I think it's deliberate. I think he's a classic left-wing liberal. When in doubt, America and its allies are bad, and the enemy is actually good and so you ought to understand the enemy no matter how bad the enemy is.And that's where we're at and until we defeat him, that's where we're going to continue to be at because that's who he really is.HANNITY: So you we've got to ask the question and you have touched on it and that is the why. Okay, I think Biden is watching polls. His base is eroding that would be the traditional base of the Democratic Party. His numbers are crashing with African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian- Americans, the youth vote is going away.And he's got all these radicals in his party in Michigan and other places and he sees these numbers, they would rather vote for uncommitted, nearly 20 percent of Democratic primary voters of Michigan and he cares more about his blind political ambition than he does about standing up against terrorism. That's -- that's a U.S. president?GINGRICH: I don't --HANNITY: That's the leader of the free world?GINGRICH: I don't -- I actually don't -- I actually don't agree with you. I don't think this is purely transactional and purely political.Way back in Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick made an amazing speech at the Republican National Convention in which she described the "blame America first" Democrats and said whatever happens anywhere in the world, the reaction of the American left is blame America first.Well, guess what? That was Joe Biden. He was in the Senate already. He was part of that. He's -- now he's surrounded by people who are crazy and the fact is, I think we ought to go back and learn the lessons of the 1930s.Franklin Delano Roosevelt was faced with a Nazi effort inside the United States. They locked people up, if I believe frankly we should say if you are for the victory of Iran, if you want to scream "death to America", we're deporting you. If you're an American, we're going to try you for treason. You can't get up and say death to America as an American citizen.And it's time that we were prepared to defend the survival of the United States and I think that the time we confronted head on a president who clearly on every single front, from Ukraine where he favors Russia, to what's happened in Afghanistan, where in the end, he favored the Taliban, to what's happening in Gaza, where he favors Hamas, to what's happening with Iran where he favors the Iranians.On every front, Joe Biden is on the side of the people who hate America.HANNITY: All right. Coming up also, we'll have the latest on the sham trial jury selection beginning today. Newt Gingrich, thank you.All right. Joining us now, FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer, Florida Congressman Michael Waltz is with us.Congressman, maybe Newt is right, maybe this is the Jeane Kirkpatrick "hate America first" crowd, maybe it's what I tend to believe that this is purely a political motivation that the Biden folks have had a literal freak out after they saw the Democratic primary vote come out of places like Michigan, maybe it's a combination. What do you say?REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): Sean, I think it's -- it's -- both can be true. You have a progressive left that believes at its core America is not a force for good, in fact, America is inherently and at its founding, racist, paternalistic, misogynist and colonialist. So, you couple that with a political agenda when you have over 100,000 people in the dead of the Michigan winter, 100,000 Democrats that go after work despite all of that to make a point to vote against you, you couple those two together, underscored with an appeasement first approach which they've rewarded now as de-escalation, but every time they say that, they back away further and our enemies take another step forward.You contrast all of that, Sean, with just a few years ago when President Trump was the first president, the only president in modern American history that left the Middle East better off than how he found it, and now they're determined to do everything opposite of what he did. You have a witch's brew and you have a world in chaos.HANNITY: Yeah.Ari, you know, look at the admonition of Michael Moore warning Biden Israeli support will make him Hillary 2.0. That's what's going to happen to you.But to me, I look at the big picture here and I see these protesters. You think back to the summer of 2020 and all the violence that took place then, and what are we really watching, what are we really witnessing here? We are witnessing the squad is now the mainstream, radicalized Democratic Party.You know, we lost Joe Liebermann recently. Joe Liebermann would not be a part of this movement. I mean, he was their 2000 vice presidential candidate of the Democratic Party, then he became too -- too conservative for that party. Now we've evolved into the AOC squad party led by Joe Biden buy into all of it. What's your take?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, number one, Sean, I would never call these people protesters. They are disruptors. Protesters want their voice to be heard. These people take action to block intersections, to stop people from catching flights, to interfere with ambulances taking people where they need to go.These people are disrupting the American way of life and Newt is right. If any of them are not Americans, if they are here on a tourist visa, a college visit visa, student visa, every single one of them should be deported. You cannot burn the American flag, you cannot say death to America and expect to be welcomed in this country.Deport them all. They should have been deported on October 8th, that's when most of them took to the streets to support Hamas. As for President Biden, Sean, I think this is a continuation of his flawed judgment. He's always had flawed judgment especially when it comes to foreign policy.He was against the first successful Gulf War that got Iraq out of Kuwait. He was for the Second Gulf War which didn't turn to be a success. He was against the raid that killed Osama Bin Laden. His judgment has been flawed from the time he was a senator, to the time he's a president, now he's trying to have it both ways in Gaza and he's urging restraint on Israel? Could you imagine if all those drones and cruise missiles were fired at the United States and we shot them down? Do you think the American people would say to Joe Biden "take the win"?That's not a win. That's we escaped. We narrowly escaped people who were trying to kill us all.No, Israel is going to have to go after Iran one of these days, and when they do, I sure hope the United States, whoever is our president, will support everything Israel is doing.This president will not -- I do have a message for Israel and the Prime Minister Netanyahu: go win your war on ter -- against terrorism and go protect you -- and the -- your very country survival and if Joe Biden says don't, don't listen.Thank you both. Appreciate you being with us.When we come back, well, we go from one crazy story to the next. Trump's criminal trial in New York began today. We're going to tell you the real truth behind what a bogus trial this really is and why weaponized justice now risk shredding all law and all order, constitutional order in this country. That's straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Well, it was a sad pathetic and embarrassing day for the New York legal system if you want to call it that, a very dark day for justice in America. Jury selection has begun in Alvin Bragg's witch hunt against President Trump. And the Manhattan D.A.'s case is nothing more than yet another brazen attempt by the left, the radicalized left to get the Republican nominee for president even before taking office.You had brag out there campaigning on, what, get Trump? Does this sound familiar? Take a watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HOST: Whoever has this job, are they going to convict Donald Trump?ALVIN BRAGG, MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY: Look, that that is the number one issue. We know he's investigating.I'm the candidate in the race who has the experience with Donald Trump. I was the chief deputy in the attorney general's office. We sued the Trump administration over a hundred times for the Muslim travel ban, for family separation at the border, for shenanigans with the census. So I know how to litigate with him.I also led the team that did the Trump Foundation case. I believe we have to hold him accountable. I haven't seen all the facts beyond the public, but I've litigated with him and so I'm -- I'm prepared to go where the facts take me once I see them and hold him accountable.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: The number one issue. Well, let's see, not the murderers, not the rapists, not the people caught on video beating the hell out of police officers in Times Square.Now, here we are two years later, Bragg unveiled an insane felony indictment, charging Donald Trump with 34 counts of falsifying business records. Here's problem number one, in the state of New York, in case you're interested in real law, falsifying business records would be a misdemeanor, not a felony. Unless prosecutors can prove it was done with intent to commit or conceal another crime.So what is the other crime? I'm not sure Bragg himself even knows. If he does, he hasn't told anybody. He shrugged off questions about it during a presser.Last year, following the indictment, you may recall this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: The indictment says that there were false business records, and they were done to conceal another crime. But the indictment does not specifically say what those crimes were. We are assuming perhaps that they might be election related. I'm wondering if you can specify what laws were also broken?BRAGG: Right. So let me -- let me say as an initial matter that the indictment doesn't specify because the law does not so require.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, as Jonathan Turley pointed out in his latest column for "The New York Post", Bragg's case, this relies on a possible federal crime that the Biden DOJ never used to charge Trump. Why is that? Even Biden's weaponized DOJ understood this was a weak BS case.And get this, last year, Bragg downgraded 60 percent of felonies in New York City, giving lighter sentences to many violent criminals. But now, blinded by his clear, obvious hatred, his campaign promise, he upgraded a misdemeanor, to a felony regardless of the fact that, well, yeah, the statute of limitations had run out. Welcome to the lawless state of New York -- by the way, my former state.Here's is the second problem, Bragg is alleging that this all took place around the 2016 election. The statute of limitations for a felony of this nature in New York is five years. So, Bragg found, quote, a loophole. He says, New York law has a provision, allowing the statute of limitations to be suspended for periods of time the defendant is living out of state, to help the state prosecute fugitives, something that obviously does not apply to Trump.Even Bragg's predecessor another far left D.A. who spent years investigating Trump, he left office without bringing charges but now here we are, eight years later and 203 days before November's general election, you know, again, eight years after and years after the statute of limitations had passed, now, they want to keep Donald Trump confined to a Manhattan courtroom instead of being on the campaign trail as the judge today lectured Donald Trump and said, you must be here every day or I will put you in jail.Well, so much for campaigning in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, Georgia, North Carolina, Arizona, Nevada. Aside from the questionable legal process to bring charges against Trump, the case itself is beyond a mess largely hinging on the testimony of the prosecution's star witness, serial liar, convicted felon, Trump hating attorney Michael Cohen who pled guilty in the past to, what, lying before Congress. How's that for credibility for your star witness? And, by the way, who a federal judge suggested may have committed perjury under oath. But we're supposed to trust his testimony now?On top of all of that, the judge presiding over the case happens to be a Democrat. He donated to Biden's campaign in 2020, creating what is an obvious political bias. And what's more? His daughter is a leader in the political consulting world, allegedly working with prominent Democrats, you can't make it up, like Adam Schiff, the congenital liar himself, who raised money off the charges against Trump that in this case -- well, daddy is presiding over.And now, the judge in this case has denied every motion for his recusal which would definitely open up an avenue of appeal for the Trump team, but that appeal would likely take place after any trial and any possible conviction. And today in court, things got off to a pretty interesting start. According to reports, over 50 of the potential 96 jurors were dismissed after admitting they could not be unbiased. Welcome to liberal New York City. Donald Trump did get about 12 percent of the vote there.It wasn't just the jurors by the way that made headlines. You have the judge warning Trump he will put him in jail if he's not present every single day of the trial. This may go into June, maybe late June, even refusing to say whether the former president can attend his son Barron's high school graduation scheduled to take place next month.Clearly, this is nothing more than another political smear campaign. And, of course they, waited years and they start the trial 203 days before the election.Here with reaction Trump legal spokesperson Alina Habba is back with us.All right. So here we are 203 days before the election, eight years later, statute of limitations have passed. They upgrade a misdemeanor and try and use a federal crime to charge Trump, your reaction to all of it?ALINA HABBA, TRUMP LEGAL SPOKESPERSON: I think there's a couple facts that the American people need to know. You mentioned that Cy Vance didn't bring this case because he knew it was a loser case, the statute of limitations had run, and it was based on the now debunked former attorney Michael Cohen.So what ends up happening, Sean, let's talk about a key part of history here. President Trump announced that he was running for office again and sure enough, D.A. Bragg indicts. You just played D.A. Bragg's video footage, much like Ms. James who you and I have spoken many times about, who are the Soros-backed politically motivated people who come out and say, I know Trump well, I'm going to do it again, I did the Trump case, I did that case.Listen, Judge Merchan, Sean, the judge that's hearing this, did the Allen Weisselberg case, put him in jail, not once, twice. You know who else Judge Merchan's having? Steve Bannon, he has Steve Bannon's case.This is no coincidence and the American people need to know and for the next weeks, I assure you. I will be loud and clear about what is going on here. This is political, it's election interference, you're not even allowing a father, never mind a former president but a father attend his son's graduation.And let's not forget, Passover, okay? Observant Jews have a right to go and pray to who they want and observe Passover, and this judge would not allow it, not for any of the attorneys. And there are observant Jewish attorneys on the Trump team, and as well on the D.A. team. It's just a sad state of affairs for the American people. I can assure you of that.HANNITY: Well, I mean, I've said, I don't believe the president can get a fair trial in New York, D.C., Fulton County, Georgia, I just don't believe it's possible. And if Democrats and these radical prosecutors have their way, all these trials would take place and he'd be in a courtroom the entire 203 days leading up to the election.That's the America we're going to live in?HABBA: Yeah, that is. And meanwhile, Hunter Biden hasn't seen a courtroom other than for when his plea agreement fell through because the judge read the fine print and saw that he was going to get immunity. You know, not even allowing a person due process, the right to go sit in front of the Supreme Court and hear a case that determines many lawsuits that are currently against President Trump, on immunity, on grounds for immunity.Let's not forget something here, Sean, President Trump was in Washington when this case was going on, when this is happening, when somebody made a notation, an accounting record at Trump Organization, he was in Washington taking care of this country. The absurdity is beyond, and I'm going to be talking about it loud and clear so that everybody knows how corrupt New York state has become.HANNITY: All right. Alina, we'll be updating people throughout the trial. Thank you for being with us.When we come back, radical anti-Israeli activists getting more emboldened by the day, "death to America" chants now happening in multiple cities across our country. We've got the tape, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: At the top of tonight's broadcast, we showed you the coordinated radical left anti-Israel pro-terror protest t that sprung up all across the country today. And while these kinds of protests are nothing new, since October 7th and what happened in Israel, the worst terror attack in their history, the rhetoric these radicals are spewing has taken a very dark violent turn, open direct threats of violence and a new favorite refrain "death to America".Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROW: Marg bar Israel! Marg bar Israel! Marg bar Israel!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So it has two meanings, depending on who's asking. It can mean "death to" or "down with".UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can we get marg bar America?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We an get a marg bar America. Yes, we can. Marg bar America!CROWD: Marg bar America! Marg bar America!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm here to speak in support of the city council introducing a ceasefire resolution. You guys are all horrible human beings and Jesus probably would have killed you himself.I remind you that these holidays that we practice that other people in the Global South practice believe in violent revolution against their oppressors. And I hope one day somebody brings the guillotine and kills all of you (EXPLETIVE DELETED).So regardless of whether you elect people into office, they'll backstab you, they'll let you die, and for that reason you guys want to criminalize us with metal detectors. We'll see you at your house. We'll murder you.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Wow. One of the clips you saw there, a woman in Bakersfield, California, threatening the lives of members of her city council. She is currently facing 18 felony counts for those threats and could be seen by the way crying on the stand during a recent court appearance where she pled not guilty.Here with reaction, the author of the upcoming book "Uncomfortable Conversations with a Jew," Israel's former special envoy for combating antisemitism, Noa Tishby is back with us, along with the host of "Tomi Lahren is Fearless" on Outkick, Tomi Lahren.Noa, start with you. Get your reaction to everything, not just what you saw and what you heard there, but what we're now what -- what the Biden administration is telling Israel after 1,2000 Israelis are killed and hundreds taken hostage, oh, it's time to give up the war, it's time to retreat, and then saying, if you retaliate against Iran, we're not going to be with you.Your reaction to it all?NOA TISHBY, ISRAEL'S FORMER SPECIAL ENVOY FOR COMBATTING ANTISEMITISM: My reaction is this, so, Iran or the Islamic Republic of Iran has been waging war against Israel and against America for decades now. We all remember the hostage crisis when Iran took the American hostages. We all remember the bombing of Buenos Aires, iris and what is happening right now is a proxy war and a ring of fire, a ring of terror that they are creating around Israel.When they chant "death to America, death to Israel", the West really needs to listen to this. It's one of those things that is shocking to me how come people don't hear it? They tell us who they are and they tell us what it is that they are after. This is not hyperbole. This is what they want. They want to create the Shia crescent. They want to create a jihadi caliphate and if they take Israel down, the U.S. and Europe are coming next.This is what Israel is dealing with and I have never seen anything like this, that Israel is the one that's being attacked, first on October 7th and then on Saturday by tons, dozens and dozens of tons of killer drones and launch missiles that are coming at Israel and the world is asking Israel to stop deescalate ceasefire and this rhetoric -- all this rhetoric that is safe to Israel alone.There is a war happening right now with Ukraine. Ukraine was attacked. Nobody is telling Ukraine to cease fire. Nobody. This is something that is only say to Israel.Israel is going to have to retaliate to some extent and have to set the foot down and really there's -- there's a boundary that has been passed and it needs to be taken care of. And this is not just Israel's problem, by the way. It's not just a Jewish problem. This is a Western values issues.And I really hope the West actually wakes up to this.HANNITY: Oh, I think what you're saying is dead on accurate.You know, I'm trying to understand, Tomi, exactly what the motivation is here. I have a message for Israel. I support them in their victory in the war against terrorism. I support their full and complete victory. That's simple.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Well, it should be that simple, but unfortunately, Joe Biden and the Democrat Party are very worried about the state of Michigan and other states where they see a large contingency of people who unfortunately seem to support terror proxies, terrorists and terror groups.So that's what they're dealing with but, Sean, I don't know what's more disturbing, the fact that we have people in America, whether they're citizens or not chanting "death to Israel and death to America", or that the Democrat Party and Joe Biden are actively courting the votes of those individuals. I'm not sure which one should give us more cause for pause.It's really disturbing to me that we're at this point. But we're also seeing this in our streets. We're seeing it on our college campuses and what I would say to the Jewish Americans out there that have been voting for Democrats for generations, now is the time to wake up and what I would say to the Republican Party is this is your opportunity to do some extreme outreach to the Jewish community and remind them that there is a party in this country that also cares about their safety and well-being that will take care of their children on college campuses.There is a party that's willing to stand with Israel and actually have ironclad support of one of our greatest allies, and that's the Republican Party. So this is an opportunity to make that message loud and clear for Americans and especially Jewish Americans to hear that and receive it.HANNITY: I know -- I only have about 30 seconds left, I don't think the West, you were talking about this at the end of your last answer, I don't think the West fully comprehends the mindset of convert or die. They don't seem to understand or they don't -- they're putting their heads in the sand about how radicalized this ideology is, radical Islamic terrorism, and how real of a threat it is. Your thoughts?TISHBY: Yes, yes. First of all, I'm using the phrase jihadism because nobody can argue that one person's jihadism and is another person's freedom fighter. That's number one.The other thing to remember is they call it revert to Islam, meaning we are all actually Muslims that are just waiting to get back to that. And that is something we need to be very careful of.The other thing that's important to say is this is not a war against the Iranian people because the Iranian people has been trying to tell us for years that they want their freedom from the oppressive Islamic republic, and we have not been listening. It's time that we listen to them as well.HANNITY: Well said. Thank you both. Noa, appreciate it. And, Tomi, thank you.When we come back, a devastating new poll for the Biden campaign. Kellyanne Conway, Reince Priebus, they're next, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So as Joe Biden's poll numbers continue plummeting, even "The New York Times", they can't hide how bad things are looking for Joe ahead of '24, and that means November 5th.A new poll by "Times" and Sienna College ask voters if they generally remember the time that Donald Trump and Joe Biden were each president as mostly good or mostly bad years for America. Forty-two percent of voters say they remember the Trump presidency is mostly good. Look at this part, only 25 percent can say the same thing about Joe Biden, 46 percent, almost half of voters, say the Biden presidency has been mostly bad for America.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Kellyanne Conway, former White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus.Kellyanne, you're the pollster. Add that to the demographic shift and the loss of the base that Joe is experiencing of his coalition. Not good for him.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, it's terrible news. Poll after poll, by any outlet basically says the same thing. What's important about the question you just showed, Sean, is the way that polling question is framed is precisely the way the question is framed by the voter, as he or she goes into November. They're basically saying it's a binary choice.I can judge both Biden and Trump as presidents who have had a record, on inflation, on the border, on crime, on Ukraine, on the Middle East, on anything they want to examine, they're going to compare that.That's a 30-point differential. Joe Biden is negative 21, 25 mostly good, 42 mostly bad, 46 mostly bad.Donald Trump is plus nine. It's a 30-point differential, and it's also reflected in the swing state polls.What this says to me as a pollster is, voters are mostly nostalgic about, hungry for and poised to vote and support the Donald Trump presidency again this fall. I think Trump 2024 is the best of 2016, Reince and I were there, the hunger, the swagger, the underdog, underestimated Donald Trump with that 4-year record as president.And people, you know, the Democrats are going to overplay it, on abortion, on January 6, 2021, we've had January 6, we've had January 6, 2022, '23, '24 since then, and voters are saying every single January 6th since then, I've been less prosperous, less safe, more nervous and things just seem more chaotic, more crisis-ridden and less fair to me and my family.HANNITY: And now, Reince on trial, I've been saying that Trump has now divide basically -- defied all conventional political gravity up to this point. They arrest him, his poll numbers go up. Is that going to happen when they try him?Joe certainly can't run on the question of whether you're better off than you were four years ago with a straight face. So January 6, abortion, democracy in peril, and Republicans are racist, sexist, et cetera.Will that work in this economic environment? Will that work with the world basically on fire in large part because he's abdicated America's role on the world stage?REINCE PRIEBUS, FORMER TRUMP WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF: Well, definitely not in this case. You know, interesting speaking of these polls and your question, the media hasn't taken notice of one thing, even though we've been talking about it quite a bit, but the mainstream media I mean. The issue of democracy -- I mean, they've spent years talking about the fact that Donald Trump is a threat to democracy, yet in all these polls, both Biden is either worse than Joe -- than Trump on this issue or they're tied. And why is that?They're tied because there's actually half the country that sees disqualification through litigation is bad. They see a border that has no - - you know, that's a open floodgate is bad. They see sanctuary cities as bad. They see 87,000 IRS agents as bad, lawlessness in the streets are bad.Right now, 26 percent of the American people aren't even paying attention to these cases, but if they are, the one line that -- and President Trump when he walked out of the courtroom today and I watched it a couple times, the thing that he said that's the most obvious and speaks to those 26 percent of the people that are paying attention as he said, we've got lawlessness and crime outside of this courtroom and we've got 14 prosecutors inside the courtroom.And the American people pay attention to that, so I think that this is not the case. This is not the case, and if I could bet on Draft Kings and acquittal was a choice, I probably take that bet.HANNITY: Well, we'll see, 203 days to go, perfect time to start -- start a trial from eight years ago when the statute of limitations passed.We'll continue, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All this going on, 203 days to go, and then you have the power to get this country to change course.That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us and making the show possible. Please set your DVR and never, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.