ToplineArizona Sen. Kyrsten Sinema will leave the Democratic Party and register as an independent,accordingto a video statement Friday, following Georgia Sen. Raphael Warnock s runoff electionvictoryTuesday giving Democrats a 51-49 Senate majority.<figure><figcaption>Sen. Kyrsten Sinema announced she is registering as independent.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsSinema announced her decision as a  natural extension  of her time in office, noting she has  joined the growing number of Arizonans who reject party politics by declaring my independence from the broken partisan system in Washington. Sinema is expected to maintain committee assignments through a Democratic majority and will not caucus with Republicans,accordingto the Associated Press, joining independent Sens. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) and Angus King (Maine), who both caucus with the Democrats.The announcement is not expected to affect Senate structure,accordingto Politico, as Sinema said she will continue to vote the same way while continuing to work alongside Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer.Crucial Quote Most Arizonans believe this is a false choice, and when I ran for the U.S. House and Senate, I promised Arizonans something different,  Sinema wrote in anop-edfor the Arizona Republic.  I pledged to be independent and work with anyone to achieve lasting results. Surprising FactThe Arizona Democratic PartycensuredSinema in January after she voted not to change Senate filibuster rules, leading to a failed effort by Democrats to pass the Freedom to Vote Act, an act promoting nationwide minimum standards for early and mail-in voting and Election Day as a holiday.Key BackgroundElected as senator in 2018, Sinema previously served three terms in the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 15. She was then elected to the state s Senate in 2010 before later resigning in an effort to run for Congress. Sinema then served as the U.S. representative from Arizona s 9th Congressional District between 2013 and 2019. Sinema has identified as more moderate than other Democratic candidates, noting  neither party has demonstrated much tolerance for diversity of thought.  According to an October Galluppoll, 35% of Americans consider their political affiliation to be more independent, compared to Republican (33%) or Democrat (29%).Further ReadingSinema Switches To Independent, Shaking Up The Senate(Politico)Democratic Sen. Sinema Has Registered As An Independent(AP)Kyrsten Sinema Censured By Arizona Democratic Party Over Her Refusal To Change Filibuster Rules(Forbes)