Good morning! Sarah here, filling in once more for Laura Smythe.If you re like me, and foolishly allowed your passport to expire over the pandemic,you re not alone. Unfortunately, unprecedented  demand is leading to longer wait timesat the State Department. For standard renewals, plan on eight to 11 weeks turnaround time. You might want to get on that now for an international trip this spring or summer.Speaking of procrastinating, we will close up shop onsoon, and we d appreciate your input. to get the Forbes Daily morning newsletter straight to your inbox. BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Debris of trains lie on the rail lines after a collision in Tempe, about 376 kilometres (235 miles) north of Athens, near Larissa city, Greece, Wednesday, March 1, 2023. A passenger train carrying hundreds of people, including many university students returning home from holiday, collided at high speed before midnight Tuesday with an oncoming freight train.(AP Photo/Giannis Papanikos)</figcaption></figure>At least36 people were killedand several others were injured in Greece after a passenger train traveling at high speedcollided head-on with an oncoming cargo trainovernight. It is the country s deadliest transport accident in years.During oral arguments yesterday, the Supreme Court s conservative justicesquestioned the legalityof President Joe Biden s student loan forgiveness program. Chief Justice John Roberts suggested thatCongress needed to be more involvedin such a drastic action a concept known as the  major questions doctrine. BUSINESS + FINANCEIn a few months,eight CEOs at S&P 500 companies will be Black, a new record for representation in thehighest echelon of business leadership. In the utilities sector, three out of 30 companies listed recently appointed Black CEOs, which is also unprecedented. No other S&P 500 sector has more than one Black CEO.True crime aficionados are probably already aware of Alex Murdaugh,the prominent South Carolina lawyeraccused of killing his wife and son in 2021. After jurors decide his culpability in those murders,Murdaugh will still face 99 charges for financial crimes enough to potentially put him in prison for life even if he s acquitted.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPWorking women made 82 cents for every dollar earned by men in 2022,according to a studyfrom Pew Research Center a rate that hasn t meaningfully changed since 2002. Last year, white women earned 83% of the median hourly earnings of men, as Asian women earned 93%, Black women earned 70% and Hispanic women earned 65%.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>A vehicle with Luminar LiDAR based Proactive Safety pre-collision braking crash avoidance technology stops to avoid a child-sized test dummy as it is demonstrated on a test track at the Las Vegas Convention Center ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) on January 4, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada. - The Consumer Electronics Show (CES), one of the world's largest trade fairs, returns to Las Vegas in person this week under a newly resurgent pandemic that has supercharged the industry but threatens its downsized expo. Masks and proof of vaccination are required at the show that opens Wednesday and was trimmed by one day to end Friday, with expected exhibitors down more than half to roughly 2,200 from the last in-person CES. (Photo by Patrick T. FALLON / AFP) (Photo by PATRICK T. FALLON/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Luminar, the de facto leader inlaser technology needed for self-driving cars, said it s lined up contracts to supply its tech to six auto and truckmakers as part of advanced driver-assist systems andexpects to be in  millions of vehicles within a few years.Ice is heavy, so transporting it is difficult, expensive, and bad for the environment.Enter the microfactory, a tiny, automated factoryfrom startup Relocalizethat is housed in a shipping container. Close proximity to customers could mean a 30% cost savings on ice, with a 90% reduction in the carbon footprint for its transportation.MONEY + POLITICSRep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.) saidshe was  attacked whileworking at a Capitol Hill restaurantwith her staff. In a tweet about the incident, she said a woman and her adult son  turned into demons  and confronted her. Greene s spokesperson said police were not called. Last week, a day before the anniversary of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, shecalled for an auditon U.S. aid to Ukraine, and likened the federal government s involvement in the conflict to its spending on the war in Iraq.DAILY COVER STORYChatGPT Won't Save Healthcare But It Might Save Doctors Some Time<figure><figcaption>In a healthcare industry still burdened with 1960s technology, generative AI may offer a little relief.NICOLAS ORTEGA FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE When artificial intelligence knocks at the door of any industry, the reaction is often fear and skepticism, and healthcare is no different. But generativeAI in the doctor's officedoesn't mean a robot will check out your odd rash or nudge you to exercise more. For now, it looks more like the potential tospeed up administrative tasks.For instance, one doctor toldForbes that he used ChatGPT to generate 30 or so letters he would ve had to write to health insurance companiesdisputing his medical recommendationsfor patients.  We're talking about appeal letters for things that are life-saving,  he said. Not only did ChatGPT produce a viable letter (that required  minimal editing ), most of the appeal letters were approved by insurers.The U.S. spends more money on healthcare administration than any other country. In 2019, an estimated$265 billion went to  wasteful  expendituresnecessitated by antiquated technology that undergirds the U.S. healthcare system. Paradoxically, the same doctor who experimented with AI-generated insurance appeals still has to fax each letter to the insurer.Unfortunately, the fax machine isn t going away anytime soon, but a handful ofstartups are experimenting with AI in healthcare, hoping to reduce the administrative burden on medical providers.WHY IT MATTERS While speeding up back office tasks may not seem as exciting as asking a chatbot to complete a homework assignment or write a love letter,even incremental improvements may trickle into the exam room. Having to spend less time writing letters to insurers means doctors can spend more time interacting with patients face-to-face.But there are also some hurdles to widespread adoption: models likeChatGPT spout falsitiesas if they were true and must be constantly retrained with the most up-to-date information. The best approach, according to one venture capital investor, is to "crawl, walk, run," meaning the robots aren't going to be replacing doctors anytime soon.MORE Bing Chatbot s  Unhinged  Responses Going ViralFACTS AND COMMENTSMore companies are jumping ongreen tax incentivesoffered by the Biden administration invarious bills passed last year.2,500: Number of jobs from a new battery factory Ford plans to build in Michigan$105.9 billion: Total investment in U.S. manufacturing as of Q4 2022, up from $71.5 billion in 2020 This will get stronger : Investment is only expected to rise as incentives kick in, according to Brad Setser at the Council of Foreign RelationsSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSIt will be several months before we know where the Supreme Court lands on student loan forgiveness, but either way,borrowers should be prepared for payments to resumein the fall here s everything you need to know.QUIZThe Moon needs itsown time zone, according to the European Space Agency. Why?A: For ease of communicating with future lunar colonistsB: To help sync up dozens of missions planned for the next decadeC: So countries know where to plot permanent settlementsD: To ensure that lunar time continues to run faster than on EarthCheck if you got it righthere.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet theForbesWomen newsletterfor more on leading female entrepreneurs and investors:BEYOND THE NEWSROOMRegister for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. E.T. in New York City.Coming up: The Forbes Under 30 Summit Africa is coming back for a second time to the world s greatest growth market. From April 23-26, join some of the greatest minds from around the world in Gaborone, Botswana for this can t-miss event. Register now.Save the date: The 2023 Forbes CIO Summit, a hybrid event, will take place in Dana Point, California on April 11-12. Join us as top CIOs discuss fostering resiliency in their organizations to navigate current challenges like the pandemic, new supply chains, labor shortages, a crypto crash and more.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Register for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. E.T. in New York City.Coming up: The Forbes Under 30 Summit Africa is coming back for a second time to the world s greatest growth market. From April 23-26, join some of the greatest minds from around the world in Gaborone, Botswana for this can t-miss event. Register now.Save the date: The 2023 Forbes CIO Summit, a hybrid event, will take place in Dana Point, California on April 11-12. Join us as top CIOs discuss fostering resiliency in their organizations to navigate current challenges like the pandemic, new supply chains, labor shortages, a crypto crash and more.