Good morning,As you ve likely noticed by now, theForbes newsletters team has been hard at work revamping this morning newsletter so we can better connect with readers like yourself. We rolled out the rebranded Forbes Daily last month, but we don t want to stop there.To help us keep improving, we invite you to provide some feedback on your experience with our new format.Please find our reader survey .  to get the Forbes Daily morning newsletter straight to your inbox. BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Ukrainian servicemen of 68 OleksaDovbush hunting brigade fire a rocket by SPG-9 towards Russian positions at the frontline near Vuhledar, Ukraine, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2023. (AP Photo/Evgeniy Maloletka)Copyright 2020 The Associated Press. All rights reserved</figcaption></figure>It s officially been one yearsince Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, 2022. Many expected Russia s unprovoked attack would last days, but the bloody and senseless war remains ongoing. Russia s shocking ineptitude combined with Ukraine s courage against all odds has created an epic narrative with surprises around every corner.Here are some of them, as chronicled byForbes David Axe.Plus: Theeastern Ukrainian town of Bakhmutisn t strategic, but it hardly matters. As the second year of conflict begins, Vladimir Putin keeps throwing Russians into combat there and the Ukrainians keep killing them.(Photo: Ukrainian Army Capture).Prosecutors slapped former FTX boss Sam Bankman-Fried withfour additional criminal charges including allegations of illegal political donations and bank fraud, per an indictmentunsealedin Manhattan federal court. That adds on to the eight counts the one-time billionaire already faced.BUSINESS + FINANCE<figure><figcaption>BALTIMORE, MD - OCTOBER 08: Carlos Watson hosts Take On America - Baltimore on October 8, 2018 in Baltimore, Maryland. (Photo by Brian Stukes/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Ozy Media CEO Carlos Watson was reportedlyarrestedThursday andfaces three federal criminal counts conspiracy to commit securities fraud, conspiracy to commit wire fraud and aggravated identity theft almost two years afterhis media startup imploded.(Photo: Getty Images).President Joe Bidennominatedformer Mastercard President and CEO Ajay Bangato head the World Bank, coming on the heels of current president David Malpass announcing he will resign in June. Biden s nomination is the first step in appointing Malpass  successor, but Banga must be confirmed by the World Bank s board.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPSingapore-based real estate company City Developments Limited, controlled by billionaire Kwek Leng Beng, posted arecord net profit of $971 millionin 2022, buoyed by apost-pandemic reboundin travel and healthy sales for housing projects in its home city.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Yevgeny Prigozhin, head of the Russian private military company Wagner, also has a long history in online information warfare. Here, in 2010, he is showing President Putin one of his other businesses, a catering company.SPUTNIK/AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>There has been a significant reduction in activity over the last year fromRussian state media across Instagram and Facebook, parent company Meta claimed in a report released Thursday. As a result, Russian media entities are now looking toyield their influencevia other platforms, such as Telegram and TikTok, says Meta s head of security policy.(Photo: Alexey Druzhinin/Sputnik/AFP). Tech s biggest behemoths aretrying to keep upwith the buzzing artificial intelligence market after OpenAI s ChatGPT technology found roaring success.Forbes takes a look at thecompanies working on rival AI chatbots in hopes of holding their own in the booming space.Technology-based conglomerate SoftBank Group isstepping back from investing in cryptocurrencyor other blockchain business during the first half of 2023, sources tellForbes, asit pivots to concentrateon  long-term  projects.MONEY + POLITICSRepublican presidential hopeful Vivek Ramaswamy sold 4 million shares ($32 million worth) in biotech firm Roivant Science on Wednesday,netting him an estimated $24.2 millionin after-tax proceeds. Theselloffcomes one day after Ramaswamy announced his longshot bid for the GOP candidacy, and marks the first time he sold shares of Roivant since the firm went public in October 2021.Daily Cover StoryThe Pinocchio Of Pot<figure><figcaption>Josh Kesselman built Raw rolling papers into a $200 million brand but along the way he s been deceitful about where and how his products are made.ILLUSTRATION BY GRACELYNN WAN FOR FORBES; PHOTO BY BROADCASTERTR/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Josh Kesselman built Raw rolling papers into a $200 million brand (estimated global annual sales), but along the way he s been deceitful about where and how his products are made. As staff writer Will Yakowicz reveals intoday s Daily Cover, the  Pinocchio of Pot,  Kesselman has also told little green lies about a non-existent charitable foundation.While Raw doesn t sell cannabis, it is synonymous with getting high and is one of the world s most recognizable brands in the industry. Kesselman has attracted a loyal customer base partly by telling a compelling tale about how his organic hemp papers are made by artisans in Alcoy, Spain. But there s one big problem: Raw doesn t have a factory there. This revelation, and others, were unearthed during a seven-year-long legal battle waged by rival Illinois-based Republic Technologies. What s particularly vexing about Kesselman is that he didn t actually need to lie about his company or products by all accounts the brand he built is an American success story. Come along withForbesand take a look inside the cannabis industry's strangest smoke and mirrors show.MORE Where Is Cannabis Legal? A Guide To All 50 StatesFACTS AND COMMENTSAs South Carolina s population increases, state Sen. Stephen Goldfinch (R-34) proposed a bill that would saddle new residents withsome additional feesto drive on the state's roads.Forbestakes a look atthe so-called  Yankee tax. 1.7%:The net gain to South Carolina s population over the past year, making it No. 3 on the list of top ten states by percentage growth.$500 million: How much the measure could raise over the next decade if enacted, though the official fiscal impact is  undetermined. $35 billion: South Carolina s current annual budgetSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSSpeaking of South Carolina s Yankee tax, the rise of remote work throughout Covid-19 meansthe ins and outs of state taxesare top of mind when tax season rolls around. Working from home allows taxpayers to more easily relocate to places they deem more tax-friendly, potentially saving on state income taxes.Forbes lays out big things to consider aboutstate tax rates in 2023, including changes from last year andmajor discrepanciesacross state lines.VIDEOForbes Travel Guide s Star Award Winners For 2023 And The Year's Most Anticipated Hotel OpeningsQUIZHow much do researchers estimatecancer will cost the global economybetween 2020 and 2050, underscoring the value of investing in efforts to curb the disease?A. $9 trillionB. $17 trillionC. $25 trillionD. $33 trillionCheck if you got itright here.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMTake a trip around the world with theForbes Passport newsletter, sent straight to your inbox on Fridays. It s filled with inspired escapes and insider tips for a first-class guide to luxury travel.Sign up instantly here.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMRegister for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. E.T. in New York City.Save the date: The 2023 Forbes CIO Summit will take place virtually and in-person in Dana Point, California on April 11-12. Join us as top CIOs discuss fostering resiliency in their organizations to navigate current challenges like the pandemic, new supply chains, labor shortages, a crypto crash and more.Coming up: The Forbes Under 30 Summit Africa is coming back for a second time to the world s greatest growth market. From April 23-26, join some of the greatest minds from around the world in Gaborone, Botswana for this can t-miss event. Register now.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Register for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. E.T. in New York City.Save the date: The 2023 Forbes CIO Summit will take place virtually and in-person in Dana Point, California on April 11-12. Join us as top CIOs discuss fostering resiliency in their organizations to navigate current challenges like the pandemic, new supply chains, labor shortages, a crypto crash and more.Coming up: The Forbes Under 30 Summit Africa is coming back for a second time to the world s greatest growth market. From April 23-26, join some of the greatest minds from around the world in Gaborone, Botswana for this can t-miss event. Register now.