Good morning,The battle for widespread student loan forgivenessreached the Supreme Court this week, and the fate of President Joe Biden s initiative to cancel up to $20,000 in federal student debt per borrower hangs in the balance.We likelywon t know the Supreme Court s ruling until June, so while you kick back and wait for the outcome, we bring yousix big takeawaysfrom this week s hearing on the matter. to get the Forbes Daily morning newsletter straight to your inbox. BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>President Joe Biden.AFP VIA GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>President Joe Biden will ask Congress for$1.6 billion to tackle  historic  levels of fraud linked to the government s Covid relief programs. Therequestearmarks $600 million to outfit federal watchdogs and law enforcement agencies with requisite resources to prosecute  the most serious and sophisticated  cases.Former South Carolina attorneyAlex Murdaugh was found guiltyThursday of killing his wife and adult son in a 2021 double-murder,concludinga more than five-week trial that gripped the nation s attention.BUSINESS + FINANCE<figure><figcaption>Gwyneth Paltrow.Wireimage</figcaption></figure>Actress and wellness mogul Gwyneth Paltrow s venture capital firm Kinship Ventures reportedly looks toraise $75 million for its debut fund. It plans toinvestin early-stage consumer goods firms, technology companies and Web3 startups rooted in the education tech, health-tech, beauty, essentials and wellness industries.Major social media companies are raking inmillions of dollars from in-app purchases, a revenue shift in the aftermath of Apple s user privacy feature updates that rolled out in 2021. TikTokleads the packin the segment, drawing in $205 million more than Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter combined so far in 2023, one expert says.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPRussian oligarch Oleg Deripaska threw up a red flag Thursday about the state of his country sbusiness climateas its ongoing war in Ukraine exhausts spending, criticizing Moscow officials for pushing away foreign investors and warningRussia stands to potentially run out of cashas soon as 2024.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Angela Detweiler, a scientist in the genome sequencing laboratory at the Chan Zuckerberg Biohub in San Francisco, briefs Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, cofounders and co-CEOs of the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI), on the lab s instruments.Cody Pickens For Forbes</figcaption></figure>In aForbesexclusive,Meta Networks CEO Mark Zuckerberg agreed to a rare interview, speaking with us alongside his wife, pediatrician Priscilla Chan. The co-CEOS of the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative discuss their new  biohub  in Chicago andplans to use technologyto deepen understanding of human cells and tissues, plus the impact they want it to have on human health.Tesla is focusing on  expanding total global output with aforthcoming assembly plantin Mexico, near Monterrey, CEO Elon Musk confirmed this week at a conference with analysts and investors. The electric vehicle manufacturer s stock slumped 7% in the aftermath of the announcement, however, as the conference largelyskimpedon concrete details about a cheaper electric vehicle model that could be a boon for future sales.MONEY + POLITICSThe House Office of Congressional Ethics says it found substantial reason to believe Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.)  may haveaccepted impermissible giftsassociated with her attendance at the Met Gala in 2021,  referencing the congresswoman sappearanceat the event where tickets reportedly go for $35,000.The House Ethics Committee has formed a panel toinvestigate the alleged wrongdoings of freshman Rep. George Santos(R-N.Y.), which include possibleunlawful activityduring his 2022 campaign, conflict of interest violations, missing information on House financial statements and a sexual misconduct allegation.LIFESTYLEThe vast majority (78%) of Delta Air Lines s roughly 15,000 pilots have agreed toa new contractthat gives them a hefty 34% pay increase over three years, including more than$7 billion in cumulative increases through December 2026. It reflects the leverage pilots yield during an industry-wide pilot shortage.Daily Cover StoryWith Labor And Climate Challenges, Farmers Turn To Robot Beehives, Tractors And Fruit Pickers<figure><figcaption>Beewise CEO and cofounder Saar Safra, left, with an AI-enabled, climate-controlled hives that helps hundreds of thousands of bees thrive.AMIR COHEN/REUTERS/ALAMY</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Self-driving tractors outfitted with sensors to monitor crop health. Robotic bee hives designed to monitor the needs of their resident bee colonies. Flying, autonomous robots outfitted with camera vision and algorithms to identify ripe fruit, pick it round the clock during day and night with high-suction arms, and deposit it into a conveyor.These aren t examples of futuristic-sounding technologies for decades down the road. They re examples of artificial intelligence-backed advances being deployed in fields right now. The machines coincide with the urgency to solve long-term challenges for food production, and illustrate other uses for AI-powered devices aside from products like ChatGPT and Tesla that constantly make headlines.Forbeslooks at how startups are aiming to solve big problems for agriculture, including labor and water shortages, climate-driven headaches and declining bee populations, by deploying such artificial intelligence, autonomous driving technology and robotics.WHY IT MATTERS  Climate change, drought and a persistent labor shortage are a threat to California's role as the main grower of fresh fruits and vegetables,  saysForbesSenior Editor Alan Ohnsman.  Farmers there, and across the U.S., are turning to high-tech solutions to help ensure the supply and affordability of produce doesn't decline. MORE Car Tire Dust Is Killing Salmon Every Time It RainsFACTS AND COMMENTSNearly half of California hasemerged from drought conditions, per a new report, after a series ofsevere rain and snow storms.40%: Portion of California that had been in an  extreme  or  exceptional  drought before heavy storms, flooding and other extreme conditions.200%: How much more snowfall the Sierra Nevada mountains have received this winter than normal.7: Feet of snow some areas of California received in just three days this season.STRATEGY AND SUCCESSIn the ever-changing job market, workers are shaping their professional trajectories in new ways withnon-linear career paths. It s not job hopping, which implies shifting from role to role indiscriminately, non-linear career paths are actually quite intentional, even if they don t follow a straight line. From changing values and priorities to more years spent in the workforce,here s a look at some factorsdriving the trend.VIDEOCaution All Students And Patients Thousands Of Nurses Are Licensed With Fake DegreesQUIZWhich banking giant is among the latest U.S. companies tocut hundreds of employees, marking its latest round of layoffs in recent months?A. CitigroupB. JPMorgan ChaseC. Bank of AmericaD. Wells FargoCheck if you got itright here.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMSign upforForbes Edge, our one-stop-shop for tips for career and entrepreneurial success that s available exclusively on LinkedIn. The newsletter publishes every Tuesday morning.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMRegister for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. ET in New York City.Join us virtually for the 2023 Forbes CIO Summit on April 12, 2023 from 9 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. ET as we gather some of the world s top CIOs, CTOs, CDIOs and futurists for an amazing mind share focused on leadership, innovation and transformation. The summit is designed to inform, challenge and delight as we examine several key issues of importance to technology leaders.Coming up: The Forbes Under 30 Summit Africa is coming back for a second time to the world s greatest growth market. From April 23-26, join some of the greatest minds from around the world in Gaborone, Botswana for this can t-miss event. Register now.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Register for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. ET in New York City.Join us virtually for the 2023 Forbes CIO Summit on April 12, 2023 from 9 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. ET as we gather some of the world s top CIOs, CTOs, CDIOs and futurists for an amazing mind share focused on leadership, innovation and transformation. The summit is designed to inform, challenge and delight as we examine several key issues of importance to technology leaders.Coming up: The Forbes Under 30 Summit Africa is coming back for a second time to the world s greatest growth market. From April 23-26, join some of the greatest minds from around the world in Gaborone, Botswana for this can t-miss event. Register now.