Good morning,The 95th Academy Awardstake place on Sunday, with several blockbuster hits in the running for the main categories.Throughout their nearly century-long history, the Oscars have been littered with manypolitically outspoken moments, and some viewers tune in to the show just to see if any such instances will take place. MyForbescolleague Conor Murraymapped out a timelineof the political protests and outburst over the years, including plenty of anti-war statements and booed speeches.As it goes, Sunday s ceremony has alreadycome under firefor its decision to inviteaction film star Donnie Yen, who has links to the Chinese Communist Party and supported Beijing's crackdown on Hong Kong, to present an award. More than 91,000 people have signed a petition demanding Yen s removal from the ceremony. to get the Forbes Daily morning newsletter straight to your inbox. BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Bob Iger.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Disney CEO Bob Iger says the company is looking  very, very carefully  atwhat to do with its controlling stake in Hulu, mulling apotential futurewithout the streaming platform. He also admitted Disney s choice to raise customer pricing at resorts might have been a  little too aggressive. At least six people were killed Thursday ina mass shooting at a church in Hamburg, Germany, and dozens more were injured. It is one of the nation sdeadliestmass shootings in recent years.The Dow fell 1.7% on Thursday while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq shed 1.8% and 2.1%, respectively, asshares of banks across the nation collapsed followinga stark warningfrom SVB Financial, one of Silicon Valley's biggest lenders.BUSINESS + FINANCEGeneral Motors is offering thousands of U.S. salaried employees buyouts, coming as the Detroit-based automaker looks toslash costsby $2 billion as part of efforts to lead the competitive electric car market.About 211,000 people filed initial jobless claims last week, markingthe highest level of the yeardespite projections they would remain near historically low levels. It couldsignal additional layoffsare on the horizon as the Federal Reserve hunkers down on its economic tightening agenda and wary employers look to cut costs.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPForbesunpacks President Joe Biden sbudget proposalfor fiscal year 2024, which the White House says couldreduce the deficit by $3 trillionover the next decade thanks to measures like a long-discussed  billionaires tax,  doubling the tax rate on U.S. multinational foreign earnings and increasing Medicare surtaxes.Discover what s making markets move and how they could impact your portfolio with our Investing Digest newsletter. .TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.Bloomberg Finance LP</figcaption></figure>TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew ismaking the roundsin Washington and talking to members of Congress he must answer to later this month, attempting toallay their concerns about the social media platformahead of delivering his first-ever testimony to lawmakers.(Photo: Bloomberg Finance LP).Grammarly islaunching a new generative AI featurethatenables usersto brainstorm ideas, compose writing, edit and personalize text. It will debut in April, and will automatically be available across apps and websites including Medium, LinkedIn, Microsoft Word, Gmail and Google Docs.MONEY + POLITICSKen Cuccinelli, a former homeland security official in the Trump administration, has launcheda super PAC backing Florida Gov. Ron DeSantisfor president in 2024. The move makes Cuccinelli the latest one-time Trump ally tobuddy upto DeSantis should he seek the GOP nomination.LIFESTYLE<figure><figcaption>The Biden administration is targeting "junk fees."Getty Images</figcaption></figure>The Biden administration isgoing afterthe hotel industry forhidden resort fees, encouraging state lawmakers around the country to create laws that smack down the  junk fees  that hover around $42 per night on average.Daily Cover StoryExclusive: Meet The Billionaire s Son Who Persuaded McDonald s To Serve Filet-O-Fish Supplied By His Firm<figure><figcaption>Joe Bundrant, CEO of Trident Seafoods.TRIDENT</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Trident Seafoods, America s biggest fishing company, has reached a crucial point in its operations. On the remote Alaskan island of Akutan, its second home for the past five decades, its fish-processing plant the largest of its kind in the country hasa daily capacity of 3 million pounds.The facility and ten others like it are aging, and privately held Trident Seafoods has the task of refurbishing and rebuilding at a cost of billions of dollars. But that figure doesn t make the second generation of leadership at the company balk. It s making that financial commitment to shore up its Alaska operations and pave the way for a third generation to take over.CEO Joe Bundrant and his family are committed to using their own money for the updates. No exit plan is on the table. In an exclusive interview withForbes, Bundrant spoke about the company s future and how Trident became the main supplier of pollock to fast-food chains like Burger King and McDonald s.WHY IT MATTERS  At a time when fisheries are under pressure due to environmental problems, overfishing concerns and supply chain snafus, Trident is perceived in the industry as a model of sustainability and a steward of the sea,  saysForbesExecutive Editor Bob Ivry.  Bundrant vows not to sell or seek investor help for its renewal projects, but it remains to be seenwhether the company can go it alone and retain its celebrated corporate culture. MORE Billionaire Mozzarella King Prevails In Family Feud Trial That Threatened His BusinessFACTS AND COMMENTSThe prevalence ofwhite supremacist propaganda reached new heights in 2022, per the Anti-Defamation League, fueled by anuptickin hate and violence amplified in extreme online communities.6,751: Number of white propaganda incidents that the ADL s Center on Extremism recorded across the U.S. in 2022.40%: Increase in incidents from the year prior.538: Propaganda incidents that occurred in Texas, making it the state with the highest count.STRATEGY AND SUCCESSWith several blockbuster smashes includingElvis,Avatar: The Way of WaterandTop Gun: Maverickup for best picture this year at the Academy Awards, film industry experts are anticipatingratings for the Oscars to increase compared to last year.Here s what tends to fuel buzzaround the awards show, including a wider range of films up for consideration or people looking for moments that will go viral on social media, like when Will Smith slapped presenter Chris Rock on stage last year.VIDEOHillary Clinton Discusses Leadership, 2024 and Opportunities For Women At The Forbes 3050 Summit<figure><figcaption>Hillary Clinton.Forbes</figcaption></figure>QUIZA letterpenned by which well-known figurewill be included in former President Donald Trump s forthcoming book titledLetters to TrumpA. Richard NixonB. Kim Jong UnC. Princess DianaD. All of the aboveCheck if you got itright here.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMTake a trip around the world with the Forbes Passport newsletter, sent straight to your inbox on Fridays. It s filled with inspired escapes and insider tips for a first-class guide to luxury travel. Sign up instantly here.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMRegister for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. ET in New York City.Join us virtually for the 2023 Forbes CIO Summit on April 12, 2023 from 9 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. ET as we gather some of the world s top CIOs, CTOs, CDIOs and futurists for an amazing mind share focused on leadership, innovation and transformation. The summit is designed to inform, challenge and delight as we examine several key issues of importance to technology leaders.Join us at the 2023 Forbes Under 30 Summit in Botswana on April 23-26, 2023, This year includes performances by award-winning artists, conversations with top business leaders, exclusive networking with entrepreneurs from across the continent and the globe, plus game drives, a bush party and regional excursions. Register now.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.Take a trip around the world with the Forbes Passport newsletter, sent straight to your inbox on Fridays. It s filled with inspired escapes and insider tips for a first-class guide to luxury travel. Sign up instantly here.Register for the 2023 Forbes Equal Pay Day Forum, an in-person event where business leaders will explore how to close systemic gaps. The event takes place on March 15 from 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. ET in New York City.Join us virtually for the 2023 Forbes CIO Summit on April 12, 2023 from 9 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. ET as we gather some of the world s top CIOs, CTOs, CDIOs and futurists for an amazing mind share focused on leadership, innovation and transformation. The summit is designed to inform, challenge and delight as we examine several key issues of importance to technology leaders.Join us at the 2023 Forbes Under 30 Summit in Botswana on April 23-26, 2023, This year includes performances by award-winning artists, conversations with top business leaders, exclusive networking with entrepreneurs from across the continent and the globe, plus game drives, a bush party and regional excursions. Register now.