ToplineRep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.) said she was  attacked  by an  insane  woman and  screamed at by her adult son  inside a restaurant on Monday night, days after she made headlines by re-upping her proposal for a  National Divorce  and criticizing U.S. aid to Ukraine.<figure><figcaption>U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) talks to reporters as she leaves the U.S. Capitol on February 02, 2023. (Photo by Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsGreene said she was working at a table with her staff at an unidentified restaurant near Capitol Hill when her alleged attackers  turned into demons  and confronted her,she tweeted, calling the individuals involved  self righteous, insane, and completely out of control. The woman approached Greene s table and  introduced herself politely,  then began to  berate  the congresswoman before the woman s  20-year-old son started screaming expletives at the top of his lungs and came closer,  Greene s spokesperson Nick Dyer toldForbes, adding that Dyer  had to get in between him and the table. Staff asked the mother and son to leave the restaurant, which Greene s team is not revealing to avoid subjecting the establishment to  harassment from the left,  Dyer said, noting that police were not called.Greene claimed the alleged incident was politically motivated:  They had no respect for . . . people like me who simply have different political views,  she wrote, without providing details. Our country is gone,  Greene wrote, lamenting what she described as a politically charged environment in which Americans lack understanding for differing political views.TangentA New York man pleaded guilty earlier this month to leaving Greene threatening voicemails at her congressional office. In a series of seven messages, Joseph Morelli, 51, told Greene he would show her  what violence truly is  and threatened that he could  pay someone  to  take a baseball bat and crack [her] skull,  according to federal prosecutors. Morelli, whose attorney said he has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, faces up to five years in prison on three counts of transmitting interstate threatening communications. In August, police responded to two false shooting reports at Greene s home in Rome, Georgia, what law enforcement described as a dangerous  swatting  incident in which callers intend for police to rush to the scene in heavily armed SWAT gear.Key BackgroundGreene, a staunch ally of former President Donald Trump who was elected in 2020 on a platform that appealed to his right-wing backers, has maintained a prominent place in headlines during her time in office with her fervent criticism of left-leaning politics and lawmakers.On February 20, she re-upped her suggestion that the U.S. needs a  national divorce  between Republican and Democratic states over what she called  disgusting woke culture issues shoved down our throats to the Democrat s traitorous America Last policies.  On Thursday, a day before the anniversary of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, shecalled for an auditon U.S. aid to Ukraine, and likened the federal government s involvement in the conflict to its spending on the war in Iraq.Further Reading  Slap In The Face : White House Condemns Marjorie Taylor Greene For Saying She  Would Have Won  Jan. 6 Riot(Forbes)Marjorie Taylor Greene Assails Ex-Twitter Execs For Banning Her Account Accuses One Of Endorsing Child Sexualization(Forbes)Marjorie Taylor Greene Faces Second  Swatting  Incident This Week(Forbes)