ToplineSome of President Donald Trump s staunchest supporters immediately took to social media Saturday to blast his possible indictment, after he predicted he would bearrestedTuesday and called for protests.<figure><figcaption>Both Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene and House Speaker Kevin McCarthy tweeted their support for Donald Trump Satuday.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsHouse Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.)saidan indictment would be  an outrageous abuse of power  by Bragg, noting he would direct committees to investigate whether federal funds were used to interfere in the 2024 presidential election  with politically motivated prosecutions. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.)tweetedSaturday that Trump  did nothing wrong  andclaimed, with no evidence, Justice Department officials were coordinating with Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg to indict Trump, saying,  This is what they do in communist countries to destroy their political opponents! Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.)saidTrump  used his own money to resolve a private dispute  and called a possible indictment  an absurd abuse of the criminal process in our politics. Chip Roy (R-Texas)saida  politically motivated  decision to indict Trump is based on  strained, convoluted legal theory  and suggested without evidence a  politicized  justice  system  is being  weaponized  against Americans.Richard Grenell, the former director of U.S. National Intelligence,claimedDemocrats are responsible for the indictment and  they must be stopped or they will soon ruin our country permanently. Rep. Andy Biggs (R-Ariz.), referring to a possible indictment,said this type of stuff only occurs in third-world authoritarian nations,  adding,  if they can come for Trump, they will come for you. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.)saidduring an event Saturday that the Manhattan District Attorney s Office  has done more to help Donald Trump get elected president than a single person in America. Former Vice President Mike Pence wascriticalof the Manhattan District Attorney s Office suggesting the prosecution prioritize a  crime wave  in the city and said a possible indictment is part of  a politically motivated prosecution of the former president. Surprising FactThe world s second-richest man, Twitter owner and conservative darling Elon Muskrespondedto a report on Trump s possible arrest by predicting,  If this happens, Trump will be re-elected in a landslide victory. Crucial Quote If they indict [Trump] and fail to convict in New York, I think historians will look back and say that is the act that reelected Donald Trump as president,  John Bolton Trump s onetime national security adviser and now a staunch critic toldCNN, adding said Trump s call for protests is  very dangerous. Key BackgroundTrump posted on his Truth Social account Saturday he expected to be arrested on Tuesday.. NBCreportedFriday that local, state and federal law enforcement were preparing to take security precautions ahead of a possible announcement by the Manhattan Criminal Court.Further ReadingTrump Says He Will Be Arrested Tuesday Urges Supporters To Protest(Forbes)Trump Could Be Indicted As Early As Next Week, Report Says(Forbes)