ToplineFormer President Donald Trump issued a formal plea to Facebook to follow in Twitter s footsteps and reinstate his account after both were blocked in the aftermath of the January 6 Capitol riots a request that comes as Trump is gearing up for his third presidential run.<figure><figcaption>Former U.S. President Donald Trump greets people as he arrives for a New Years event at his Mar-A-Lago home on December 31, 2022 in Palm Beach, Florida. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsTrump s campaign, in a Tuesday letter to Facebook parent company Meta, said the ban  has dramatically distorted and inhibited the public discourse, NBCNews reported.Trump s campaign stopped short of threatening a lawsuit and instead requested a meeting with the company  to discuss President Trump s prompt reinstatement to the platform. Facebook locked Trump s account on January 7, 2021, and said it would conduct a review of the decision two years later.Facebook declined to comment on the letter and said it  will announce a decision in the coming weeks,  spokesperson Andy Stone toldForbes.ContraThe tech watchdog nonprofit Accountable Tech is advocating for Meta to continue its ban on Trump s accounts and has launched a billboard campaign outside of Facebook offices in Washington, Menlo Park, Calif., and New York City. "If Facebook looks at what Trump has been putting out publicly in the past few years, it is clear he is not a reduced threat to safety, If anything, he has gotten more emboldened,  Executive Director Nicole Gilltold Key BackgroundTrump was indefinitely suspended from Meta platforms Facebook and Instagram after he repeatedly used his social media pages to deny the results of the 2020 Presidential Election and make false claims that the election was  stolen  as his supporters stormed the Capitol. Facebook cited two posts Trump made on January 6 in its decision to suspend his account, including statements about a  fraudulent election  and another posting where he urged rioters to go home, but suggested their actions were justified.  These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously viciously stripped away,  he wrote. Twitter brought back Trump s account in November under new owner Elon Musk, whose politics have increasingly shifted right. Musk s decision followed a public poll in which 51.8% of the 15 million voters said Trump should be reinstated. Trump has yet to tweet from the account however, and has used his Truth Social platform as his preferred social media vehicle.What To Watch ForFollowing a relatively scaled-back announcement of his 2024 presidential run on November 15, Trump announced this week he would make his first campaign appearance in South Carolina on January 28. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Gov. Henry McMaster will join him at the State House in Columbia, where he is expected to announce his campaign leadership team.TangentMeanwhile, Trump s supporters in Congress are gearing up to target tech companies for censorship that Republicans say unfairly skews the political landscape in Democrats  favor. The House, in its first week under Republican control, established a Select Subcommittee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government that is largely seen as a response to the release of Musk s  Twitter Files,  which detailed the company s internal decision-making process surrounding its suppression of a 2020New York Post story about then-presidential candidate Joe Biden s son, Hunter Biden. The story, published weeks before the 2020 presidential election, suggested Biden engaged in corruption by allegedly meeting with his son s Ukrainian business partners while he was vice-president, an allegation Biden has repeatedly denied. The House Oversight Committee which now includes far-right Trump allies Reps. Marjorie Taylor Greene (Ga.), Paul Gosar (Ariz.) and Lauren Boebert (Colo.) has also sought testimony from Twitter employees who were involved in the Hunter Biden decision.Further Reading Meta Weighs Reinstating Trump s Facebook Account After 2-Year Ban Here s How It Will Work (Forbes)Will Trump Return To Twitter? Here Are The Tweets That Got Him Banned In The First Place(Forbes)Elon Musk Reinstates Donald Trump s Twitter Account After Asking Users To Vote(Forbes)