Former President Donald Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., posted a lewd comment on Sunday about the functioning of President Joe Biden's sex organs.Questions relating to the age and mental fitness of both Trump, 77, and Biden, 81, have been consistent talking points during the primary season. Additionally, age has also been a concern among voters in a still hypothetical, but increasingly likely, rematch between Biden and Trump.While both presidential candidates in the 2024 election have a history of verbal gaffes, Trump hascontinually seized on Biden's slip-ups, saying his age is a major issue in his ability to govern. "We have a guy in the White House who can't put two sentences together and who could not find his way off this stage," the former president said in New Hampshire in November.In a Sunday post on X, formerly Twitter, Donald Trump Jr. took aim at Biden's age in his post regarding the president's ability to get an erection."There's literally no amount of Viagra on earth that's going to give Joe Biden (who can barely walk without falling over) wood. Just stop! The more desperate they become trying to make him seem young and vibrant the more obvious it is to everyone that he's not up to any task!," Donald Trump Jr. wrote on X.Newsweek has reached out to Donald Trump Jr. and the Biden campaign via email for comment.Donald Jr.'s comments are in response to a previous remark made by Biden in which he joked that the key to his 47-year marriage with his wife, first lady Jill Biden, is "good sex," according to an excerpt from White House journalist Katie Rogers' forthcoming book, American Woman: The Transformation of the Modern First Lady, From Hillary Clinton to Jill Biden, which was obtained by The Daily Mail.The Friday report raised eyebrows among the president's critics, with some wondering on social media whether it was distasteful for Biden to make the joke. Others contrasted the comment with the falling incidents he's experienced in recent months.Clay Travis, the founder of conservative sports news site OutKick, tweeted, "Joe Biden who can't climb the stairs without falling, says the secret to his marriage is 'good sex.' Really."However, the president did receive some support over his "good sex" comment as well.One social media user said, "I'd take 81 year old Joe Biden who supports abortion, marriage equality, student debt forgiveness, Obamacare and talks about 'good sex' any day of the week over Trump."Meanwhile, in response to Donald Trump Jr.'s Sunday comments, some are slamming the lewd post—saying that the focus should be on the politics.X user Zaq Riderwrote, "it's unkind to make jokes about Joe Biden's age and health. People should focus on policies and ideas, not personal attacks."Another X user, Boblaze426 warned Donald Trump Jr. that his comments may also reflect Trump writing, "Be careful Jr. Your dad is right along with Biden.. you, in describing Biden are now describing your dad too!"Link to Image
Graphic Donald Trump Jr.Tasos Katopodis/Getty ImagesDonald Trump Jr. speaks to supporters at a rally for his father, Republican Presidential candidate, former U.S. President Donald Trump on February 23, 2024 in Charleston, South Carolina. Donald Jr., posted a lewd comment on Sunday about President Joe Biden’s sex organs.