Since the October 7 Hamas attack that killed more than 1,200 Israeli citizens leading to a period of bloodshed and fighting in Gaza, some of the West's leading political and public figures have issued statements about unrest in the Middle East. Among these have been members of the world's royal families.In Britain, no royal has been so outspoken about the humanitarian aspect of this than Prince William the Prince of Wales and, to a lesser extent, his wife, Kate the Princess of Wales.In the initial aftermath of October 7, William and Kate issued a statement condemning the actions of Hamas and voicing hope for a swift end to the ensuing violence between Israel and Palestine. Though this statement was strong in its intent, it was followed by an even more direct message issued in William's name four months later. It sparked debate over whether he had waded too far into world politics than is appropriate for a royal prince to do.Despite some backlash in Britain, a YouGov poll conducted on February 21 surveying 7,965 British adults has revealed that 47 percent of Brits backed William. They said that it was "appropriate" for him to speak out on the current situation in the Middle East. This was opposed to 24 percent who said it was "not appropriate," and 29 percent who said they did not know.Here, Newsweek looks at everything William and Kate have said on the record about the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, since the October 7 attack.'Profoundly Distressed'Four days after the October 7 Hamas attack, William and Kate released a joint statement via a Kensington Palace spokesperson. The couple expressed their distress at witnessing the violence and human suffering that it inflicted on the civilian population.The statement was issued on the same day as one from King Charles that came via a spokesperson from Buckingham Palace, London. It said he was "appalled by and condemns the barbaric acts of terrorism in Israel."The Prince and Princess of Wales - Kensington Palace - October 11, 2023"The Prince and Princess of Wales are profoundly distressed by the devastating events that have unfolded in the past days. The horrors inflicted by Hamas's terrorist attack upon Israel are appalling; they utterly condemn them. As Israel exercises its right of self defence, all Israelis and Palestinians will continue to be stalked by grief, fear and anger in the time to come."Their Royal Highnesses hold all the victims, their families and their friends in their hearts and minds. Those The Prince of Wales met in 2018 overwhelmingly shared a common hope - that of a better future. In the midst of such terrible suffering, The Prince and Princess continue to share that hope without reservation."'Deeply Concerned'William's second solo statement was released ahead of a visit to the London headquarters of the British Red Cross on February 20. There, he met with volunteers and organizers providing aid in the affected areas.The statement was humanitarian in its focus, lamenting the human cost and suffering inflicted by the conflict and also noting the increased need for aid in Gaza.William ended by saying he continues to "cling to the hope that a brighter future can be found," stating his refusal to give up on that hope. The Prince of Wales - Kensington Palace - February 20, 2024"I remain deeply concerned about the terrible human cost of the conflict in the Middle East since the Hamas terrorist attack on 7 October. Too many have been killed."I, like so many others, want to see an end to the fighting as soon as possible. There is a desperate need for increased humanitarian support to Gaza. It's critical that aid gets in and the hostages are released."Sometimes it is only when faced with the sheer scale of human suffering that the importance of permanent peace is brought home."Even in the darkest hour, we must not succumb to the counsel of despair. I continue to cling to the hope that a brighter future can be found and I refuse to give up on that."James Crawford-Smith is Newsweek's royal reporter, based in London. You can find him on X (formerly Twitter) at @jrcrawfordsmith and read his stories on Newsweek's The Royals Facebook page.Do you have a question about King Charles III, William and Kate, Meghan and Harry, or their family that you would like our experienced royal correspondents to answer? Email royals@newsweek.com We'd love to hear from you.Link to Image
Graphic Prince William and Kate Middleton CommentsMax Mumby/Indigo/Getty ImagesCompilation image showing the Prince and Princess of Wales as photographed at Royal Ascot, June 23, 2023. The royals have issued two official statements about the Israel-Palestine conflict in the Middle East.