Marjorie Taylor Greene accused Democrats of playing a "game" after they supposedly hid one of their members during a failed vote to impeach Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.She told reporters outside Congress on February 6 that "we can basically look at this like a game, unfortunately." She added: "They [Democrats] hid one of their members, waiting until the last minute watching the CR votes, trying to throw us off from the numbers we had versus the numbers they had… that was a strategy at play tonight."The vote to impeach Mayorkas was brought forward by Republicans but failed despite a GOP majority in the House. Four Republicans broke ranks and voted against what would have been a historic impeachment of a Cabinet secretary, the first since 1876.Newsweek has approached Greene's office for comment via email out of hours.It is not absolutely clear which vote in the House last night Greene was referring to. Before the impeachment vote, 427 members, including 211 Democrats, voted on whether to extend the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal National Historical Park Commission Extension Act.The vote passed 427-2 with just two non-voting members. Texas Democratic Rep. Al Green did not vote, nor did House majority leader Steve Scalise. Scalise did not vote for health reasons and was unable to vote during the impeachment proceedings on the House floor too.A total of 430 members therefore voted during the Mayorkas vote, with representatives Mike Gallagher, Blake Moore, Tom McClintock and Ken Buck all voting no on the GOP side.In a post on X on February 6, House Democrats said: "House Democrats are focused on solutions, not stunts… We are committed to putting People Over Politics to make life better for everyday Americans."The message was posted before the Mayorkas vote.Link to Image
Graphic Marjorie Taylor GreeneKevin Dietsch/Getty ImagesRep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA), joined by fellow Republicans, speaks at the U.S. Capitol on February 06, 2024 in Washington, D.C. She slammed Democrats after the House voted not to impeach Secretary Mayorkas.