Meghan McCain expressed her disapproval of the Off-Broadway musical Ghost of John McCain, a political parody set to premiere this fall at the Soho Playhouse in New York City.On April 3, the politicians daughter took to social media to denounce the show which portrays her late father, former Arizona Senator John McCain, saying, "This is trash." She goes on to say that the show is "nothing more than a gross cash grab by mediocre desperate people," signing off the post with, "I hope it bombs."Shortly after, Meghan, 39, slammed the musical again in another post, writing, "I am going to say this again – I don't know the people who decided to make this trash, it is disrespectful to my family and father's memory. It is just as gross as what Trump has done himself... I breathe fire for my family but wish I didn't always have to. I hope this bombs."The production, which kicks off Labor Day weekend and runs until Election Day, November 5, was created by Scott Elmegreen with music and lyrics by Drew Fornarola. It aims to delve into themes of power and rivalry through a comedic lens. The plot finds the Senator in an imagined afterlife within Donald Trump's mind, alongside a "Greek Chorus" of historical and political figures, such as Hillary Clinton and Lindsey Graham, navigating Trump's demands for validation.Behind the show is Quixote Productions and founder Jason Rose, who is political strategist, alongside Max Fose, a long-standing consultant to Senator McCain. The show will be directed by Catie Davis, known for her work as associate director on Beetlejuice and Moulin Rouge! The Musical.Despite Meghan's skepticism, the producers emphasize that the musical seeks to honor Senator McCain's memory positively. Fose mentioned in a release, "Having served him for nearly two decades, I believe Senator McCain would laugh at this entertainment and be grateful his legacy continues to spark important conversation, from the serious to the absurd." Rose added, "Our goal is not to be just another poker turning up the heat, but to bring some relief, relevance, and comedy to the body politic... The musical is surreal."Meghan has always been vocal about her strong relationship with her father, who passed away in 2018 after battling brain cancer for many years. Over four years after the passing of Senator McCain, his daughter continues to navigate the impact of her loss.Despite Meghan's objections, the creators hope Ghost of John McCain will actually serve as a reminder of democracy's value and provide a unique narrative between notable recent historical figures.Link to Image
Graphic Meghan McCain John McCainDimitrios Kambouris/Getty ImagesMegan McCain and Senator John McCain attend the 100th Annual White House Correspondents' Association Dinner at the Washington Hilton on May 3, 2014 in Washington, DC. Meghan recently slammed an upcoming musical about her late father on X.