CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Central Park that Israeli-linked vessel, less likely the USS Mason that we talked about earlier in the show.Meanwhile, folks, thank you so much for watching. Catch me tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. on the Fox Business Channel, but for now, I leave you in the hands of THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everybody, I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Greg Gutfeld and Dana Perino. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.President Biden turning his back on Israel to appease the far left at the most critical moment of the hostage negotiations. 11 more captives have been released by Hamas and are now back in Israeli territory. Temporary ceasefire deal between Israel and the terror group getting extended for two more days. The White House says Hamas has committed to releasing another 20 women and children over the next two days but so far, only one American has been released. Jeff Paul is live in Tel Aviv with more, Jeff.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Jesse, we just got word that this latest group of hostages released by Hamas, they're on their way right now to Israeli hospitals to get treatment and get checked out.And like the days before these happened, you know, we saw some delays today, just like a few days ago. And that really just speaks to how fragile these negotiations in this deal is between Israel and Hamas.Now, here's what we know about this latest group. It's two mothers and nine children, the youngest kids being just 3 years old. We're also learning that all of those kids left their dads behind inside Gaza where they're still being held by Hamas.Now, the day before 14 Israelis made that same journey, where they joined 26 other Israelis released in previous days. They're all now in some sort of stage of treatment after spending roughly seven weeks likely exclusively in the darkness of Hamas tunnels.However, there are still well more than 100 hostages being held by Hamas. And we could see more being freed over the next two days as Qatari officials broke the news a little earlier today that they are extending that temporary truce. Israel had previously said they would extend the pause in fighting by one day for every 10 additional hostages released.But keep in mind, once Hamas stops releasing those hostages, Israeli forces will likely resumed their combat operations in Gaza to both eliminate Hamas and also get the remaining hostages out.EYLON LEVY, ISRAELI GOVERNMENT SPOKESPERSON: We want to receive another additional 50 hostages beyond tonight on our way to bringing everyone home. And as soon as that framework expires, Israel will continue with full force towards those three objectives. Eliminating Hamas, making sure the Gaza Strip can never be a security threat to Israel and releasing all the hostages.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: Now, as we saw in previous days, more aid trucks made their way into Gaza to help the civilians there. And we're also hearing that more Palestinian prisoners, a group of more than 30 will be released just like in the previous days, Jesse.WATTERS: Jeff, thanks so much. And so far, only one American hostage has been released. Kirby getting pressed on that by Martha, listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: We're very excited. And the president was personally involved in getting this extension. So, 20 more hostages over the next two days, this process is working. So we're going to keep putting our energies and efforts --MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: But John, was there any promise -- you know, when the president spoke to the prime minister in Qatar, was there any promise that in this next 48 hour period we're going to see these eight to nine Americans?KIRBY: I'm not going to get into diplomatic conversations, Martha. I will just tell you that we've made it plain and clear that we want to see our American hostages home with their families. We're glad that this thing got extended for a couple of days.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And as the lives of Americans hang in the balance, Joe Biden's going back on his promise to fully support Israel, the president secretly apologizing to a group of Muslim Americans for casting excessive skepticism over the number of Palestinian deaths released by Hamas-run Ministry of Health. Instead of playing straight with them and explaining why you can't trust the terrorist, Biden telling them and I quote, I'm sorry, I'm disappointed in myself.Judge Jeanine, what do you think the president's calculation is in saying that behind the scenes to the Muslim community?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Well, it's to me, it appears that he's moving left. He knows the numbers right now are not good for him two months ago, in an NBC poll, he was at 46 percent in September. Today, he's at 31 percent among those ages 18 to 34. So, he's dropped 15 points among that group in the last two months.But I think more than that, he is trying to move left to satisfy those people in the party, the progressives and I think that the craziest part of it is, this is the one time he was telling the truth. And now he's going back on it saying, you know, I'm sorry, I really said that.But I think the biggest part of all of this besides the politics, and it's almost as though you're seeing a movie. I mean, I feel like I'm watching a movie now with the Palestinians. You know, we're sending our hostages over and any second, someone's going to get a call and say turn around.But the craziest part of this is that now we have had, I guess it's 74 attacks against American military in seven weeks, with well over 60 of our servicemen, injured, shrapnel, traumatic brain injury, they can be lifelong injuries.And you got John Kirby saying today this afternoon, he says, we've sent them a strong message, he has not sent this strong message. America has basically said, you in Iraq and Syria and your proxies can hit our soldiers whenever you want. We're not going to respond, although I think we did. We blew up a garage or something.And now, on Thursday, they apparently sent an intercontinental ballistic missile. And we're not responding to this.So, the first American soldier who dies as a result of these proxies, funded by Iran, the blood is going to be on the hands of Joe Biden, because he is not taking this seriously enough.And when people like Joe Scarborough come out and say, Thank God, we thought Joe Biden, otherwise we'd be in a world war. You know, they're not -- they're not understanding that in truth, you know, unless we start blowing up bridges in Iran, we're going to start getting hit ourselves.WATTERS: And so, Dana, just one American hostage release so far.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I mean, I would be screaming bloody murderer and say like, I'm not resting until the Americans are home. And you're not resting until the Americans come home. Like, that no one involved in this should have a good night's sleep until the Americans are home.And there's we have ways to do that, and power. And I understand all the little nuances and everything and it's complicated, and etcetera. But also then, on the home front, I just -- this Washington Post story that had 27 sources, a lot of them anonymous about this meeting that Joe Biden had at the White House that included a lot of Muslim leaders, as well as staff, and they come to him and they say that they're upset because he said on October 7th, at a press conference, he said, I have no notion that the Palestinians are telling the truth about how many people are killed.So, they want him to retract that. And he says to them, I'm sorry, I'm disappointed in myself for what I said. Excuse me, first of all, why did you -- why would you think that, Mr. President? Why would you think that the Gazan health ministry would not be telling the truth? Were they telling the truth about the fact that their headquarters are underneath the hospital where the hostages were being held?So, he has this meeting and instead of explaining to them, his decision- making process, he says, I'm sorry. And look, we don't know all about the meeting, because it was clearly leaked by the people that were in there.For the staffers that are in there complaining, guess what? Yes, you don't have to work there. And you work at the pleasure of the president. And if I were them, I would say, here's my position. Here's how I got to it. I hear you, thank you, your -- I respect your opinion, here's mine.And then if you're a staff, and you're so upset about it, then you should leave. These are -- you have also the media protecting all these staffers, 200 congressional staffers and 400 administration staffers, they don't release their names. You think that would happen in the Trump administration? Of course not. The media would be all over that and making sure that they do it.And it's just like these people, they're the ones who said, hey, we're OK with higher gas prices if you get something for the climate movement. You know, hey, it's very -- it's OK to ban landlords from evicting people if we get something even if it's unconstitutional, no problem. Oh, guess what, we'll do the same thing for student loans.There's like a 10 to 20 percent of the American public that is pulling the president to the left, and he's at risk of losing everybody else. But most he's at risk of losing the principle that he has confidently been keeping since October 7th. And I think that the Israelis are concerned about it as much as they need him.WATTERS: Greg?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I think he just does what he's told. It was interesting that he never ever apologized about the Border Patrol agents that he unfairly maligned, but that's because he wasn't told to.But I mean, I'll tell you how I feel about the hostage release. But my feelings I have to preface mean nothing compared to the families that I can imagine the joy they feel seeing their family members come back, and that's a wonderful thing.But having said that, for me, I feel successfully manipulated. You know, Hamas kidnapped innocent people for this precise process to unfold. Basically, they robbed a human bank to get human currency to hit the casino, they got the chips, and now we're playing by their rules.So, I feel joy for the families but I also feel like Hamas is really -- they really played this thing well, especially when you hear that the captors treated the captives well, that's part of the process.But to treat the captives well, first you had to capture them. And in the process of capturing them, you brutally and kill -- brutally killed and raped hundreds of innocent people.So, I think you can't let these stories and you can't let this process manipulate the core truth, the cause and effect behind this.Because I think right now, we're in the rationalizing phase. We're now we're rationalizing what's going on. We're OK, we're going to get this. And we forget what began this. It's not the context of history. It started October 7th, you had the Sky News report. This was hilarious, accused Israel of racism for getting 50 hostages in exchange for 50 Palestinian prisoners.Because you know, Israel wouldn't want 150 hostages because they don't believe that it's one on one, you idiot. You idiot. Hamas is calling the shots here. Do you think Israel would want more? They would want one-to- one.But this has always been the case that just shows you how F'ed up the media is on this. And it's incredible. Anyway, that's my view.WATTERS: Everyone's now talking about Hamas releasing hostages. And three weeks ago, we're talking about Hamas slaughtering men, women and children.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't -- so, good to be back around the table. Hope everyone had a great holiday.I don't think that anyone suggesting it. At first, let me -- let me say, I agree with you. Any staffer in the White House who disagrees with policy in the White House has every right to, they should quit?PERINO: Or they can just do their job and accept that the president is the President United States and yes, sir, Mr. President.FORD JR.: Or they should quit if they disagree with the president, they have every right to but I wouldn't have met with anybody if I was the president of the United States with staffers who disagree with me, I'd say show the papers at the door.Number two, I give the president a lot of credit. But although they said what they want to say about him and what they're thinking about him and leak something from the meeting, I can only tell you what the president's publicly doing.Number one, we have two of the most highly sophisticated, highly equipped military assets in that region today.Number two, they're Israelis, and it's given the Israelis the protection to do what they're doing. Greg, I agree with you, October 7th, we can never -- we cannot lose that as a sight of what we're doing and why we're doing it.But we have to understand that if you're a national security adviser, you're on that team in the White House at the State Department, you have to think about some of these things. You think about what happens when we win because we will win.For those who are active in our country and those who are advocating on behalf of Palestinians, you have every right to, in fact, I join you in wanting a two-state solution.But if you believe so strongly in that position, you should understand that if Hamas would release all the soldiers, the killing in Gaza and the West Bank would stop, because so many would ask Israel to let's now reframe and reset and regroup how we go about trying to find a solution.If you're blaming Israel or the United States for Palestinian deaths after what's happened over the last few days. The ceasefire came about because Israel -- Hamas decided to release soldiers, from the outset, President Netanyahu, I don't agree with all the time and still have my issues with him but I agree with him here. He said we have to recover hostages and degrade Hamas.We are degrading Hamas, and we're getting hostages released. If we want the killing to stop in the West Bank, if we want the killing to stop in Gaza, release all of the hostages, and then we can have a reasonable serious conversation.But I would say to the president where Dana started, I wouldn't be -- I wouldn't waste my time entertaining the ideas and thoughts of some of my staff who would -- who are against my ideas and against our proposal and against our positions, let them quit. They have every right to, we live in a free country, but you shouldn't be wasting your time if that's the position of the country, keep doing what you're doing. We're gaining progress. We're making progress.WATTERS: You're saying that would not happen in a Ford administration?FORD JR.: The last thing that would happen.WATTERS: OK.GUTFELD: See, Harold's got to run.WATTERS: Coming up --PERINO: Harold not Gerald.WATTERS: A teen mob going on a rampage against the pro-Israel teacher, that shocking video is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Hate is on the rise in America. A terrifying scene at a New York City High School. A teacher forced to hide for hours in a locked office as hundreds of pro-Palestinian students write it outside and demanded that she be fired. It happened after they found out that the teacher attended a pro- Israel rally.Anti-Israel protests causing more mayhem in other parts of the city as well. Shocking video shows more than a thousand pro-Palestinian activists halting traffic for hours on New York City's Manhattan Bridge.You know, the students in this high school, Jesse, it's the Hillcrest students. They continue the hostility outside of the classroom. They dox the teacher, now everybody knows where she lives, what her telephone number is, her family members, and they continue to hound her. What should happen to these students?WATTERS: Paddle them, paddle the bejesus out of them. I don't think you're allowed to do that anymore. But you know, it's called corporal -- it's called corporal punishment.But it is a confusing time when a teacher can sleep with a student. A teacher can teach the student, the white people are bad and that two plus two is five. And they can transition students. No one says anything. Everybody just goes about their day.But God forbid a teacher on a weekend goes to a pro-Israel rally and holds a sign-up. They hunt them down like an animal. That's crazy. And you know what they're protesting, they're protesting a disproportionate response by Israel. And this is what they're doing. They're chasing this woman down like a dog.PIRRO: And not only that, it's during the ceasefire.WATTERS: During the ceasefire. We're having a guest on the show tonight who wants to blow up -- not blow up the school, who wants to shut down the school. Blow up I meant theoretically, she totally shut down the school because this is a bad school and this can't go on.PIRRO: You're absolutely right. You know, Dana, Hillcrest school has had a lot of problems. And you know, there are three school resource officers who were literally assaulted by kids in this school. They not only took turns punching this guy up, but they had a cop up against the wall. And they were beating him in the head. I mean, now these are school resource officers, they know.PERINO: Right. Well, I think the other thing is you can tell from this and you said in the a block that you felt like you're watching a movie, I feel like we're watching like a dystopian movie in the United States. Like, is this really America, this is happening?But all of them are feeding off of each other because of their phones. Right? That's how they meet up. That's how they spread the information. That's -- so, there was an Washington Post editorial, I think it ran yesterday morning that said, there's a huge problem of the phones being in the classrooms, in the schools, and they are advocating for D.C. public schools to eliminate all phones in the classroom.And I'm fine, shut it down. OK, but then where do they go? I don't know. There's a fundamental huge problem here.There's nobody in New York seems to be suffering any consequences for their actions, except for I did see two other women that were pulling down the posters. They were arrested. So, they were arrested so that maybe that will be something that looks like a consequence that will stop this behavior.But you could also wonder like, Why do you think we have a teacher shortage in America? Who would want to do it?PIRRO: I agree. Harold, you know, free speech is one thing. The ability to protest peacefully is one thing but shopping traffic during the holidays on the Manhattan Bridge?FORD JR.: They have every right to. I have no problem as much -- as much as it inconvenienced me, I was inconvenienced on Friday trying to pick my kids up and wife up from going ice skating in Sixth Avenue was blocked because there was a -- I think something that started a pro-Palestinian rally that started at Washington Square Park, I don't agree with what they're protesting about, or I should say, I agree with some of what they're protesting about. Not all of it, but in inconvenience me.But I think the violence threatening a teacher, the three Palestinian young men, college students who were killed in Vermont, I mean, there's a place for protests, and they're the kind of -- a kind of protest, and it may inconvenience us but it certainly should not threaten us with violence.Even when we had protests at some of the college --excuse me, some of the school board meetings across the country, every right. What I objected to was just the violence and the threats of violence.So, for those that when you said, well, how can you protest and call for a ceasefire when you're going to behave like that, that to me is the greatest juxtaposition, but I hope it causes everybody to have a little self- reflection here and understand that just because we believe strongly to point, doesn't give us the right to act a more feverishly and more -- for that matter, violently, no matter how much you think your point is right.Whether you are right, whether you're wrong, or whether I agree with you or disagree with you, but I agree with you. Next time, don't do it on a holiday weekend.WATTERS: And I didn't know you can ice skate, Harold. That's wonderful.PIRRO: Yes, he has a wife and kids. All right, Greg.GUTFELD: I'm not sure it's about belief, or it's about a tension. It feels like this movement is BLM with just new catchphrases. And it seems these days, you know, the only exercise these kids are getting is through protesting, so maybe that's good for them.I want to ask, did those three guys -- three Palestinians die?PIRRO: No.GUTFELD: No, OK. All right. I think that like I keep --(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Because I wanted to just briefly touch on that in the sense that how do you talk to students? How do you talk to people about this? Are you capable of actually talking to them about something like this?And I was thinking the only way you could do this is to take their same hideous, immoral argument and apply it to something else.So, three Palestinian men were shot in Vermont, using the same logic by these protesters for October 7th. How would you frame that one? How would you -- you would place it in a greater context, say that that is just a -- that is just a response to a greater injustice. Because that's the same rationalization that was used in dismissing October 7th. That's how you explain to a protester how this argument cannot work because it puts you in a cycle of violence.Every historical grievance justifies another act. Therefore, you can say these three people being shot is just part of a historical justification, which obviously is a morally wrong, but it's what's being used by the protesters with October 7th, that is what you have to keep it simple.Focus completely on not people on the act, the evil act itself on October 7th, save your historical context and justification for another time. If you don't like Jews, we're talking about history -- we're talking about evil actions. October 7th happened, you need to keep it simple, isolate and focus on that.PIRRO: OK. Coming up, the liberal media thinks you're too stupid to realize how great the Biden economy is.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: The liberal media thinks you're just playing too dumb to understand how great the Biden economy is, 78 percent of voters that's almost 80 percent, Harold, says Bidenomic -- Biden economics is a certified crap sandwich. Numbers like that causing publications like The Atlantic to ask why Americans hate a good economy, blaming the media, love and bad news among the reasons. NBC thinks it's a branding issue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEIGH ANN-CALDWELL, THE WASHINGTON POST REPORTER: Bidenomics has really been kind of a negative -- become a negative word especially among Democrats because it's not working. I was texting with some members of -- Democratic members of Congress last night. These members said that it is just not looking good for President Biden politically out there. They have a lot of work to do to once again, like I said, try to get credit for the successes that he's had over the past two years.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And President Biden boasting about how you should be thanking him this Thanksgiving.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, this past week, as Americans gathered around their own kitchen tables for Thanksgiving dinner, that was our goal, to give them a little more breathing room from turkey, to air travel, to tank of gas, cost went down.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh, well, thank you for that.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Harold, in the green room, you said you were so disgusted by him. You were thinking of challenging him for the candidacy for president.PIRRO: Yay, Harold.GUTFELD: We got to go to the tape on that one.GUTFELD: But I mean, like, blaming the American public for being upset about a bad economy, that's pretty low even for a Democrat.FORD JR.: Look, I think the line of people who told -- try to tell voters you're doing better than you think you are who were in politics or who are at home is a big list of them. This is a weird economy though. If you think about it, inflation is trending down, unemployment uh has remained muted, meaning it's lower than you would think, more people are working job -- more than one job which gives people inks, and more and more people living paycheck to paycheck, the wealth gap continues to grow.He's right, gas prices were down. But if we are where we are six months from today exactly where we are today, they will -- the Biden White House will be in trouble because the numbers -- it's hard to turn around numbers on the economy. But if things continue to improve -- I don't agree with the Atlantic piece. I think you -- I think the young -- the young woman from MSNBC was talking about the -- from The Washington Post -- the title Bidenomics is probably going to have to change. They're going to have to come up with something different as we get into the election season next year.But the next several months, if things improve, they'll have a better argument. But you have to be careful. You cannot tell the American people who are working two jobs and three jobs that they're doing better if they don't believe they're doing better and expect to win. That's a number you can't overcome. Even though we have electoral data, the last two or three weeks ago Democrats fared well in those elections, if you make this econ -- if you make this election about the economy and people don't feel right about it, you're not going to win no matter how much the Atlantic Magazine and others say that people should be feeling well.GUTFELD: I love, Judge, how the media is blaming the media.PIRRO: It's like suicide.GUTFELD: It's like -- yes.PIRRO: You know, they'll all die you know that would -- that would be interesting. You know what? When they say this, when they actually go out and say everything is really OK, they do nothing but hurt their reelection chances because people don't believe it. It's what they feel, you know. And it's clear that they're living in a bubble whether it's Karine Jean-Pierre or Joe Biden or his son Hunter who I think is living with him -- I know Naomi lived with him for a while when she was getting married. I mean, and they get their food, their car, their insurance, everything is paid for by the government.But I think that the biggest concern is that there was an NBC poll that only 19 percent of Americans feel confident that their children's generation would be better off. 19 percent thinks my kids will do at least as good or better than me. But what is amazing is, do you remember last week when we had the illegals or maybe it was the week before, they were going to move into Brooklyn. And the illegals said I'd rather go home. This is not the American Dream. Even the illegals are fed up with it, Bidenomics.FORD JR.: Why are you looking at me?GUTFELD: Dana, the judge mentions that maybe it's the high-status professionals can absorb higher costs, so it's not that big a deal for them.PERINO: And they get to work from home, right? They only have to work one job. I think it's interesting too that they don't -- they don't seem to remember how did Bill Clinton win. What did he say?PIRRO: Oh, yes.PERINO: I feel your pain. Joe Biden's constant refrain is your pain is fake.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And that -- try to -- if you try to tell a woman that how she's feeling --GUTFELD: Tell me about it.PERINO: That doesn't work, right guys? We all know that. The other thing is it costs $20.00 more for every $100 that it did before. OK, missed it. I'm sure it was really good. Anyway, gas prices might be down a little bit, but food prices continue and home prices, shelter, it's taking up about 50 percent of somebody's budget when it should be around 30 percent. Used cars, car insurance, every -- they -- people feel like they are being nickel and dime to death.And there's no like forward thinking. So, if Joe Biden is running for president and wants to run again and he's telling you everything is great, everything is fine, so then why would you -- if you don't like him -- he's given you nothing to reach for. Like, what do they want to do to help the economy in the future? They just think that the Inflation Reduction Act that didn't actually reduce inflation is going to work? It doesn't make sense.GUTFELD: It doesn't. You know, Jesse the hair -- American hair and grooming institute say that hair gel in moose has skyrocketed by 45 percent. How have you been able to cope with this?WATTERS: Where's the beef? It's up 30 percent. I got milk. That's up 20 percent. Poultry, that's chicken --GUTFELD: Thank you.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: That's up 30 percent. Lumber, that's a nice way of saying wood, that's up 25 percent. Iron and steel, 50 percent.PIRRO: Wow.WATTERS: You're talking about getting nickel and dimed. Nickel is up, Dana. Rubber is up 25 percent. You use those for car tires. Cotton which is Greg's suits made out of, 20 percent. Coffee us up 40 percent. So, oil back in the day, $37.00 a barrel, now $75 a barrel. So, everyone is wondering why things are expensive, your house, your appliances, rental costs, college tuition -- everything is expensive and then they're telling you it's not that expensive. So, they're insulting your pocketbook and your integrity. It's not going to work Bidenomics. And I'm looking at you, Harold.GUTFELD: Yes, in your face. Maybe go on a bridge and protest.FORD JR.: Just for the record, the last time people voted, we won.GUTFELD: Well, according to the -- well, never mind. Up next, Disney admits that going woke is a total failure.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Go Blue! Did Disney just learn a lesson about the phrase go woke and go broke. The House of Mouse putting out a financial statement which seems to acknowledge that its controversial political and social agenda is costing the company and shareholders. The document says, we face risk relating to misalignment with public and consumer taste and preferences for entertainment, travel and consumer products.But Disney isn't the only company that's facing a woke reckoning. Check out this headline from Axios. The DEI backlash is here. The article talks about how companies are slowing down the diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts since the Supreme Court's affirmative action ruling in June.Judge, the legal -- put aside the ruling for one second. Did you sense this from your conversations with people? And how do you think in addition to that the legal ruling may impact how companies behave going forward?PIRRO: Well, first of all, I am so glad that that Disney is suffering the way it's suffering. In March of 20221, they were selling at $201.91 a share. They're down to $95.00. That was a self-imposed injury, all right. They jumped on the woke bandwagon and they thought that they were going to make a fortune. They didn't do it for the right reasons.They thought that the country is going woke and this is something that we have to do. But you know, when a little girl walks into a Disney Store, they just forget who they are and sees the Fairy Godmother with a mustache. I mean, that's going to mess her up for a few days. But the whole idea that Disney thought that what China and Russia, that they were going to buy into this stuff, it's not going to happen. And the downward spiral is well deserved by them. That's all I have to say.FORD JR.: Dana, I've said on the show, I don't know what woke is or toxic or what should be canceled.PERINO: Where have you been? That's all we talk about.FORD JR.: I know. But what -- how do you define woke? Like, I mean, what is woke?PERINO: I don't know. I was -- I was just going to say, this is the market at work.(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: And that -- here's what --PERINO: Right? This is the market at work. And now Disney is saying, OK, whoops. It's sort of like Bud Light. They do the trans thing. Like, oh, shoot. We got to pull back or how about --FORD JR.: You think they said shoot?PERINO: Oh, yes, probably. Or Major League Baseball, right? They pull out of Georgia -- Atlanta for the game, and now they're going back.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And guess what? The law that made them leave in the first place that they were so upset about, it's still on the books. So, I think a lot of this is just a resetting for everyone. I would also like to say that South Park, one of my favorite shows, nailed it again. A few weeks ago they had this fake Disney board meeting. And for every idea that came up, there was one guy who said, I know, put a chick in it and make it really lame. And it was just very funny and prescient, a sexist would say.FORD JR.: Jesse, I'm going to come to you, then I'm going to Greg. Do you feel -- do you feel validated here as you hear some of the -- some of the fact that this pullback is happening and it's really the market that's doing it as opposed to politicians?WATTERS: Well, I'm not a fan of Disney World. I've had bad experiences. I got food poisoning.PIRRO: Oh, you did?WATTERS: Is it Epcot? And then I had really bad seats at a parade when I was little. And so, Emma is actually taking both children, Jesse Jr. and Gigi to Orlando this January. I'm not going. Not because I don't want to go, it's because I need to be here. I need to be working.PIRRO: Is she going to send them there alone?WATTERS: She's going on a flight with two children. I think she's crazy. But she wants to go so I'm going to let her go. But other people -- other people care. They're principled consumers. Like, when they saw that video that I aired at 8:00 of Tinkerbell at the urinal at Disney World, people said I'm never going back to that place again. Me, I'd go back. I see songs. And I don't care if that person hates Fox. I'll turn it up. Or I'll go to a restaurant that De Niro owns if the food is delicious. I don't care.Most Americans are more principled than I am, and they will see things at Disney, and they'll say I'll never go into Disney World.FORD JR.: Well, I'll go to Chick-fil-A on Sunday.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: Greg, finish us out here. How do you -- how do you reckon with this?GUTFELD: I will I define woke for you. It's when -- if you see everything through the lens of power, whether it's relationships, recreation, entertainment. If you see everything through the lens of oppressor versus oppressed, then you will never actually enjoy yourself. That is why people who are woke are no fun. That is why Disneyland stopped being fun because it wasn't about its core principle, its mission statement, which is making people smile.The moment Miss Universe is about gender politics, it's no longer about its core mission which is beauty. If you look at Victoria's Secret, if you looked at Bud Light. Anyway, you can't have two bosses, right? And -- especially when one of the bosses has no metrics for success, and that is what DEI is. You have two tracks of success now, two competing tracks. One is for the shareholders and the customers. That's the one that matters. The other one is for consultants and race hustlers and the media. One will grow a company, the other one divides it.The funny thing is the people that are involved in DEI which are based on centering whiteness in the workplace and the system -- the symptom of whiteness would be profit-seeking and competitiveness. But in their own orbits, they use those exact same rules when climbing the ladder, when they're arguing and negotiating speaker fees. Do you think they stop thinking about how can I make a profit? They're a bunch of hypocrites.And they should all be fired. You can only have one boss and it's me.FORD JR.: I've got three they're at home at my house. Coming up, we've got a big holiday secret to share with you. Find out what it is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Ho-ho-ho, the gift-giving season is upon us, America. And you know what that means? It's time for our annual Secret Santa. We're going to pick straight out of this. Here hat, it says. And as always, we'll reveal which host we'll be exchanging gifts with on our Christmas Day show which you must watch.We've got goodies here, cupcakes, cookies, and some -- what are those things on -- what are the striped things?WATTERS: Rainbow cookies, Dana.PERINO: Rainbow cookies. Rainbow cookies.GUTFELD: See, it's even invading our snack goods.PERINO: Do you -- I don't know. Do you guys --FORD JR.: You want some of this?PERINO: Do you guys love this season?WATTERS: You want some of this?FORD JR.: I don't want that.PERINO: OK --PIRRO: Jesse.WATTERS: Oh, come on.PERINO: I'm going to pick one. And we're going to keep it going, keep it going. Let's see. Let me see. Let me see. All right, all right, all right. Are you ready?GUTFELD: These are like the old bakery cookies you used to get as a kid, you know. Before they infuse them with chemicals to make him chewy.WATTERS: Here you go.PERINO: Yes, it created -- it made everyone have to get Ozempic.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: I thought you weren't eating carbs, Greg.PIRRO: You can't look at it.GUTFELD: I look -- I'm eating carbs right now.PERINO: Yes, OK, so I'm glad that I got this one, this Little Secret Santa. I got an idea.PIRRO: There's one -- there's one more.PERINO: I got a big idea.FORD JR.: Greg is going to get it.PIRRO: Oh, you didn't get it? Hold on. Hold on, Greg. Hold on.FORD JR.: That's why you had to hold it to see if you --PERINO: You guys got ideas for the gifts? Do you need me to give any?WATTERS: I know who the judge got.GUTFELD: Geraldo. How old is this hat?FORD JR.: Oh, gosh.GUTFELD: There's mustache in there.PERINO: Anyway, do you -- does anyone do Secret Santa with their family?WATTERS: No.PIRRO: No.WATTERS: No, we don't keep secrets in our house. I never -- it was just strictly a work thing, right? It was always at work. No one ever did it at home.WATTERS: What's that thing where it's like Yankee Swap? Did you ever do that?PERINO: Yes, it has a lot of different names.WATTERS: Yankee Swap, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes, that means Yankee Swap.WATTERS: Clean it up.GUTFELD: It was like wife swap.WATTERS: Yes, right.PERINO: But not actually that.PIRRO: The reason you don't want a Secret Santa at home is because you don't want to limit them to how much money they can spend on mother.GUTFELD: Exactly.WATTERS: There's a limit to this?PIRRO: No.PERINO: Well, there's no -- actually, if you have me, Jesse, there's no limit.PIRRO: Am I mother?WATTERS: All right.PERINO: All right, I guess "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time after "ONE MORE THING." Wild halftime show at the Broncos-Browns game. Check this out.PIRRO: OH, I love this.WATTERS: They just strapped toddlers to a sheep. Don't worry. They don't get hurt. They're wearing plastic helmets. Everything is just fine.PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: What do they call this? Mutton busting, Dana?PERINO: Yes. I mean, he's trying --WATTERS: Look at this guy.PERINO: Look, that kid is good.WATTERS: He won. 30 yards. That's it. Congrats.PERINO: And a touchdown.WATTERS: And tonight --PIRRO: Look at him. He won't get off.WATTERS: "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Ted Nugent and Chris Hansen tonight at 8:00.GUTFELD: What a pair.WATTERS: Dana.PERINO: OK. So, I had "ONE MORE THING," but I changed it because I saw this. Here's our Secretary of Education after a meeting about how the government was going to do something great. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIGUEL CARDONA, U.S. SECRETARY OF EDUCATION: I think it was President Reagan who said we're from the government. We're here to help.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: It's not quite what Reagan said. This is what Reagan said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONALD REAGAN, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The nine most terrifying words in the English language are I'm from the government and I'm here to help.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Hashtag never forget. OK, also, Perino On Politics with Karl Rove. It's available now on the podcast.WATTERS: Polka dot, Dana. Greg.GUTFELD: Tonight, we got a great show Monday. Don't watch that silly football. Joe DeVito, Michelle Tafoya, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's tonight at 10:00.Let's do this. Greg's Drunk Bear News. You know, there's nothing worse than an inebriated bear, especially when he wanders out into traffic. Take a look at this polar bear having a few nightcaps and ends up just flat out on the road. He doesn't know where he is. He can't find his car keys. He gets up saying, oh, geez, not another hangover.WATTERS: We've all been there before.GUTFELD: We all have been there. Look at him resting this head.PERINO: Pole dancer.WATTERS: Oh, Dana.GUTFELD: Yes. Anyway, that was in Churchill, Manitoba.WATTERS: Manitoba, that's not a real place.GUTFELD: Yes, it is.WATTERS: I don't believe that.GUTFELD: You're right. It's in Canada.PIRRO: You see?WATTERS: Harold Ford Jr.FORD JR.: A big weekend for the University of Michigan Wolverines. Hail to the victors. Congrats, boys. We've got work to do still. We've got our coach back. But Japan held their first international garbage collection championship, which they call -- forgive me if I get this wrong -- the SpoGomi World Cup.Teams of three from 21 countries spread throughout Tokyo to collect as much trash as they could in one hour. The teams gathered more than 1200 pounds of garbage which was then sorted through in the sign based on the categories.PERINO: What?FORD JR.: They got points based on the categories. In the end, it was Team U.K. who took home the goal for collecting trash.GUTFELD: They are genius.FORD JR.: 126 pounds.PERINO: Wait, why don't they just have the sanitation department?GUTFELD: No, that -- this is why Japan is the greatest country. They got other people to fly in to clean their country.PERINO: That's crazy.WATTERS: San Francisco is going to be hosting the next champion next week.FORD JR.: Team Japan is hoping to win their home-field advantage at the second World Cup in Tokyo in 2025. They'll have it again.GUTFELD: Japan is a cleanest nation.FORD JR.: The creator -- the creator hope it actually becomes an Olympic sport one day. God bless them.PERINO: My goodness.FORD JR.: SpoGomi.WATTERS: SpoGomi.PIRRO: All right.WATTERS: Well said.PIRRO: Yes, well said. All right, listen, if your -- if your play tags on your car have expired, don't worry about it. A California woman was busted for duct-taping a comically forged license plate in the back of an allegedly stolen car. It looks like the artist even ran out of room and had to squeeze the last numbers in on the right side. And to make matters worse, the play tags were expired. In the top right, you can see January 2023. Boy, what a whiz.GUTFELD: Benicia. Do you not see that? It's Benicia. That's where my sister lives.WATTERS: Benicia.GUTFELD: Two sisters.PERINO: I had a friend named Benicia.WATTERS: All right. You didn't, Dana. I know where you grew up. You did not.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Have a great night, everybody.