JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We wish him a speedy recovery.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And our thoughts with the entire royal family. Thanks so much for joining us, set your DVR, and never miss AMERICA REPORTS. I'm Sandra Smith.ROBERTS: And I'm John Roberts. We will see you again tomorrow. Meantime, it's time to turn things over to Martha MacCallum. She's got THE STORY for us live right now.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Indeed, we do. Thank you very much, you guys. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum. And here is the story we're watching right now. We're about to get an update from New York City police on the beating of two officers near a migrant shelter in Times Square. This caught the attention of the entire nation because of the concerns about crime and migrants in our city and we understand that we will likely get some new details about some of the "most guilty" among those who were the attackers who are still out there somewhere on the loose.Now, sources tell Fox that some of the suspects who were arrested and released with no bail may be headed to the California-Mexico border. Who can forget this suspect flipping off the media as he was set free? Quite a message to the city and to the country. Former New York Republican Congressman and Candidate for Governor Lee Zeldin is standing by, but first a correspondent C.B. Cotton live at One Police Plaza in lower Manhattan. Hi C.B.C.B. COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Well, investigators are trying to figure out whether they're migrant men suspected in this attack on two NYPD officers are linked to a larger theft ring which was busted overnight. Take a look. Local reports say, at least three migrants were arrested during today's pre-dawn raid in the Bronx. Police sources say, there were more than 60 victims in this robbery spree. I'm told most were women who had their purses and phones snatched by suspects on stolen mopeds.Meanwhile, as you mentioned Martha, Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg says the worst still haven't been identified in this caught on camera assault. To recap, a total of six migrant men have been arrested and charged in the case, but only one was held on cash bail. Today, some New York lawmakers called on the city to resume cooperation with ICE so migrants who commit crimes can be more easily deported. And today, New York City Mayor Eric Adams saying this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: I think that anyone that there's a repeated offender of a violent crime, a felony, should not remain on our streets and if they are part of the migrant asylum seekers, they are found guilty, I think that the federal government should do their job of deporting that person.(END VIDEO CLIP)COTTON: And tomorrow, the only suspect to be held on cash bail for the initial assault on the officers. He's due back in court and we will be monitoring. And for our viewers at home, you can see right there on your screen, that press conference is about to get underway here at NYPD's headquarters. Again, we're hoping to learn more about what sources tell us is a widespread robbery ring operating here in the city. I'm told that they're probing whether, again, whether some of the suspects involved in that attack on the officers are somehow linked to this robbery spree. Martha, back to you.MACCALLUM: All right, we'll see what they're going to tell us in a couple of minutes. C.B., thank you very much. Let's bring in Lee Zeldin, former New York Republican Congressman and Candidate for Governor. Good to have you with us, Lee Zeldin. Thank you for joining us. You know, I mean, it's so shocking to hear the change of tune from the mayor of New York City and honestly, mayors across the country, who now that they're actually dealing with the kind of situations that people at the border have been dealing with, suddenly they're all in favor of bringing back ICE and deporting. But I want to remind people, here is what Mayor Adams said back in 2021. He said, "We should protect our immigrants, period. Yes, New York City will remain a sanctuary city under an Adams administration." Your thoughts as we wait for this news conference, Lee.LEE ZELDIN, FORMER NEW YORK CONGRESSMAN: Yes, now his messaging is about how this is going to destroy the city and he's right that this is destroying the city. The Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg didn't even ask for a bail. These individuals who attack the NYPD officers, they're already criminal aliens. They've already violated other laws on the books. For the mayor of New York City to have any chance of being able to secure New York City, you have to have prosecutors who actually want to prosecute. So, that's one issue. You also have judges inside of the New York City jurisdiction who, in certain cases, won't even set bail on someone when the prosecutors do ask for a bail.Albany has passed a number of bills over the course of the last few years from cashless bail, New York is the only state in the entire country that doesn't give judges discretion away dangerousness. The Halt Act to get rid of the tool of solitary confinement for correctional officers, other bills called Raise the Age, Less is More, last year it was called the Clean Slate Act to essentially wipe out criminal convictions, not just of minor offenses, including homicides as well.So, in order for the Democratic mayor of New York City to actually bring law and order restored to New York City, you're going to have to be willing to take on his own party because the same time that he said that this is destroying the city, he also said that this was the fault of the MAGA Republicans.We have to be honest as far as who has the power here in this moment, and right now, Joe Biden and the Biden administration, they have to get tough on our southern border. The sanctuary city policies that he was bragging about in that clip, the sanctuary state policies of this state is all leading to this moment for New York City. So, part of this is maybe an evolution a bit of rhetoric, but we're going to have to go a lot further than that because we actually need to see courage, conviction as it relates to policies.MACCALLUM: Well, this was since deleted, but not before it was pretty easy to get a look at this Instagram post by 50 Cent who said this, "WTF Mayor Adams, call my phone. I don't understand how this works. Somebody, explain this. I'm stuck. Maybe Trump is the answer." So, I guess that leads me to my next question, which is what is the electoral politics of all of this? You also hear Kathy Hochul, the Governor of New York, on the subway the other day saying, you know, round them up and get them out of here. Where is this headed politically?ZELDIN: For many New York voters, for many Americans across the whole country, this has become their number one issue. For many American voters who didn't even have this as their top 10 issues, as recently as say the 2022 midterm election, whether it's presidential races, it is House, Senate races, it's local races, a lot of people are saying that this is the number one issue that they want to see addressed. The impacts of what's going on, on our borders, it's not just about people coming across, it's also things.The whole conversation about fentanyl, the impact on budgets from housing to health care and more, has resulted in these longtime Democratic voters disenfranchised by Democratic policies now looking for conservative solutions on topics like this. There was a poll that came out yesterday that showed President Trump beating President Biden amongst Hispanic voters. When we ran for governor in 2022, we won the Asian American vote. Their top concern was spanning from crime, combating anti-Asian hate, which was resulting in deaths of Asians, to caring about their kids' education.They don't want to see advanced academics eliminated in the name of equity. They want merit-based entry into specialty school. They want to get rid of critical race theory. And now, you're seeing people speak up from within the black community, where Joe Biden and democrats have long enjoyed a massive gap of support but from you know you played one statement right now from 50 Cent. We heard it from Charlamagne tha God, who is a very popular host on "The Breakfast Club," that's where Hillary Clinton showed up in 2016 and pulled out the hot sauce. Joe Biden says if you don't vote for me, you aren't black, and this all is adding up at this moment where people feel like they're being left behind by democratic politicians.MACCALLUM: So, this is interesting as well over the weekend, "60 minutes", for you know it's interesting to see how many places are now covering this story in a way that they wouldn't prior to what has happened in the America's cities. But Sharyn Alfonsi did report for "60 Minutes," and she was talking about how, about the people who are crossing the border and where they're actually coming from and what their economic situation roughly appears to be, and it's not always what people might think. So, watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHARYN ALFONSI, CBS HOST: We noticed middle class migrants from China arriving with rolling bags. They told us they took flights all the way to Mexico. We wondered how all of these migrants knew about this particular entryway into California. The answer was in their hands.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How do we know about that? Oh, TikTok. TikTok.ALFONSI: Oh, you learned on TikTok.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Learned on TikTok. Just take a flight to Mexico. And if you are good at walking, you can get into the United States, so you don't have to worry about coming through the regular ports of entry at an airport when you don't have the ability to enter the country and you're middle-class from China.ZELDIN: Yes, it's working. There are people who are getting the message in places far away from the United States that by design we now have this open border where catch-and-release has been implemented, where on day one President where catch-and-release has been implemented, where on day one President Biden stopped construction of the border wall, Title 42 was eliminated, Remain in Mexico was eliminated. We saw rhetoric from the President of the United States to, you played a clip from Eric Adams, we saw it with governors like Kathy Hochul, essentially encouraging people to come to New York, let's say.That was December of 2021 with Kathy Hochul, and now they're all changing their tunes, but the message has gone out that we have this open border and they're being encouraged to come and they're leaving places across the entire world to come here and they're getting through and reporting back.MACCALLUM: Yes, well, President Biden, when he was running, said you should surge to the border, you should come. And so, obviously, they listened. OK, Lee Zeldin, thank you very much. Good to have you with us today. We're going to keep an eye, obviously, we always like having Lee with us. Thank you very much for being here. We're going to keep a close eye on that room. And when that gets underway, we will take you there. It looks like it's a little bit delayed. In the meantime, breaking news this afternoon, King Charles III, diagnosed with "a form of cancer." He will postpone his public duties for the time being while he undergoes treatment.Buckingham Palace saying that doctors found a separate issue, not prostate cancer, but something separate from that when he was in the hospital for a prostate procedure. And now, as I said he's undergoing treatment. A source telling Fox News Digital that Prince Harry will be traveling to London to see his father after talking with him on the phone about the diagnosis. U.K. Royal Reporter Neil Sean standing by, but first to Senior Foreign Affairs Correspondent Greg Palkot with the latest on this story for us from London. Hi, Greg.GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: Martha as you can understand the people in U.K. reacting very seriously with a lot of attention to the news that King Charles III, their king, has cancer. The condition was real quite quickly. Ten days ago, Charles was treated for that enlarged prostate at a private hospital in London.At that time, that issue of concern was noticed, tests were run, and an undefined form of cancer was found. The palace is positive about this still serious condition, saying that the King is grateful for the swift intervention, and he is wholly positive about his treatment. That first treatment, by the way, happened today, Martha.All of this concerning enough though before that announcement is made, the King spoke personally with his two sons Princes William and Harry and three siblings Princess Anne and Princes Andrew and Edward. Harry, according to reports, yes, could be leaving as early as today from California to be by his father's side. William was said to be at home with his wife Princess Kate and children -- remember it was Kate who had abdominal surgery last month and she is recovering from that. The King is said to be continuing his duties at home, but will postpone public duties. The rest of the royals, including the Queen, his wife Camilla and William, will continue on the job with some added events, no formal stand-ins considered right now.Charles, remember, just under 18 months in his new role after the passing of his mother Queen Elizabeth, and just under nine months since that coronation, very important as the head of state here. U.K. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak wished him a full and speedy recovery. Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the whole country is rooting for him.Former Prime Minister Liz Truss tweeted, "God save the king." A world figure too. President Biden just a short time ago said he had heard about the diagnosis, was concerned and said he would be speaking with Charles. Again, more questions tonight, but some pretty quick transparency from the royals as folks here and a lot of places wishing the best for him. Back to you.MACCALLUM: Greg Palkot, thank you very much. With that we bring in Neil Sean, U.K. Royal Reporter and Media Correspondent, has covered the royal family for more than 20 years. Neil, good to have you with us. What is the reaction to this there in London and what can you tell us about the family situation here and what we can expect?NEIL SEAN, U.K. ROYAL REPORTER: Well, it is grave news, Martha, whichever way you look at it, you know, nobody wants any issue like that in any family. And let's not forget also, let's send out good wishes and messages to Queen Camilla, you know, it's a very difficult time for her. Let me tell you, they knew about this obviously last week, this is how it works. And the reason why this particular story has come out now, this evening at 6:00 p.m., is quite frankly, the King was trying to make contact with his youngest son.Normally, a message like this would come out around 8:00 a.m. the following morning, but now they've made a connection and all of that sort of stuff. What we also know is that, as you know, His Majesty, the King has been ploughing on, really working incredibly hard and a lot of stress has been attached to this particular role and of course family matters surrounding that.Now, the next stage is simply this. We're going to have to see, and this is a difficult bit, Martha, because obviously the Princess of Wales, Catherine, is incapacitated, you know, back recovering herself. And then, of course, you've got Prince William, who's also on daddy duties, so now we're going to have to see the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, and of course the Princess Royal.But he does leave royals very thin on the ground. And let's not forget, at this point, I would surmise that Queen Camilla will have to take a step back in order as she will want to do to care for the king, but he will want to out and about.MACCALLUM: So, generally, you know, and we haven't really seen this happen very much. Because it's interesting, Queen Elizabeth never revealed what was -- revealed after her death, which was that she also had a form of cancer.You go back further. In fact, 72 years ago, tomorrow, King George VI succumbed to his lung cancer and Queen Elizabeth became the queen.So, it is not typical for the royal family to disclose a cancer illness at all, Neil. So, why do you think they have decided to go this route now?SEAN: Quite simply, Martha, we live in a different world. It's a digital world. And truly the situation is this. I don't -- if you saw the reports, but recently, these terrible reports about Princess Catherine being in a coma in certain magazines, ridiculous stuff.So, they really, particularly, His Majesty, the King, wants to nip this in the bud and be transparent, and say, this is where I'm at now, you know. So, I think people don't speculate and make grave misdemeanors regarding it.But it is serious, you know, and it's not a flippant thing. I can see the way the pilots are trying to put this over as, don't worry, everything is fine.We are only told what we know. But the fact that of course, this was picked up last week, and the fact that, His Majesty, the King, then, was seen yesterday at church in Sandringham. That was a very big message to say, I'm fine, I'm out and about. I'm still your king.It's very clever in their communications of what they are doing. But seriously, you know, we just wish him the best. It's very upsetting news, actually, over here in the United Kingdom. And of course, the rest of the world, the Commonwealth.MACCALLUM: Yes, the image that people see on the lower right-hand side of their screen, maybe we can take that full. That's Prince Charles and Queen Camilla yesterday, leaving services in Sandringham. Obviously, those pictures were put out in conjunction with this announcement in order to, you know, put a brave face on it.SEAN: Yes.MACCALLUM: And, as you say, everyone hopes as anyone hopes for any family member or friend that these treatments are successful, and that, he can have a full recovery. But there is a procedure in place for the councilors of state to back up the king, in this case.SEAN That's' right.MACCALLUM: So, let's put the pictures up because there are four councilors of state who are in line to take care of things if the king were to become incapacitated, which he doesn't appear he is, but he's not going to have public duties for a little while.And they are the Queen, Prince William, Prince Edward, and the king's sister, Princess Anne. Now also on that list are three people who cannot function in any real capacity in terms of leadership, and that's Prince Harry, and the duke of York and also Beatrice is on that list as well. The duke of York's daughter. Your thoughts on that situation, Neil?SEAN: Well, I'm not too concerned about that. Because truly, my favorite is, you know, the royal is the princess royal. She is her commanding false mouth. I think she will whip the rest of them into shape.I think on a more serious note, you know, it's going to be very tricky, actually, on how Prince Harry returns back here to the United Kingdom, because he's very much disliked. And what we have to remember is that he is a family member naturally concerned about his father. But what a terrible situation for him to have to have this situation before he would return and make communication and contact.And I would just say this, I would advise Prince Harry to leave your wife Meghan Markel at home. I think that won't help the recovery of His Majesty the King or senior members around the British monarchy right now.MACCALLUM: OK. Neil, thank you very much. Neil Sean, joining us late in the evening in London.(CROSSTALK)SEAN: My pleasure.MACCALLUM: Now, also joining us to get a number of input here -- Varied input here is where our commentator Richard Fitzwilliams. Richard, great to have you with us. Thank you very much for joining us. So, what's your reaction to this news, and what have you learned about the circumstances if anything further at this point?RICHARD FITZWILLIAMS, CNN ROYAL COMMENTATOR: Well, I think it's been that's news saying real shock. It's there's no question at all that it's a quitting completely unprecedented tell of trade. And not only a diagnosis, which is clearly serious. We don't know the details, but that cancer is obviously something that rings a bell so sadly, with so many million others.And there's no question that the way this has been handled, I mean, a short while ago, the king, of course, was undergoing treatment for benign prostrate. We know something to that. But what we also know is that he will be doing state business.Now let's put tremendous pressure regarding in royal engagements you won't be doing for a while, and on other members of the royal family, the Princess of Wales, as you know, is recovering and having spent some 14 days or near it in the hospital.And so, Camilla, Queen Camilla, and the Princess of Wales and the Prince of Wales, and a tremendous amount of pressure will be on them with reference to royal engagements and so forth. And, of course, this is very worrying.And of course, we have Prince Harry flying over so very clearly. That's -- that is so --MACCALLUM: Oh, looks like we lost Richard Fitzwilliams' link there. But we thank him very much for being with us.With that we want to bring in Dr. Marc Siegel, New York Langone Medical Center, professor of medicine, and a Fox News contributor. Dr. Siegel, always good to have you with us.Obviously, the details are pretty sketchy here. But your reaction to this diagnosis, and what how it was likely picked up during the analysis of the enlarged prostate treatment -- enlarged prostate diagnosis.DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Martha, I want to go out on a limb here. And I want the viewers to know that this is just my thinking process. I don't have any insight data on this.But what I'm thinking about a lot right now is bladder cancer. And I'll tell you why? It's the fourth most common cancer in men. It's about 800,000 people worldwide. About one out of 100 times when you do that scope going into the bladder, you find it, and even more so, when you're there going to repair a prostate, you can find it. And it can even look like an enlarged prostate.So, they could have found it going in and thinking they were shrinking the prostate and found this. Or it could have been found on pathology, maybe both are true.But here is why I'm thinking about it. Because he goes home, and now he's getting outpatient treatments. Guess what they treat outpatient? Bladder cancer. What do they treat it with? They treat it with something called BCG, which is actually a bacteria that's like T.B., actually, but doesn't do you any harm.They infuse it into the bladder, and it has almost a 90 percent or more cure rate, if they catch this early. They could have resected it and he could be having that now.Now, there is a lot of coulds (PH) here. There are other cancers this can be besides bladder. But then, I was wondering why wouldn't he be getting treatments in the hospital? You know, if it was colon, or if it was lymphoma, these are common things you might find if you did a CAT scan around that time. But why would they have done a CAT scan? If they did, they might treat it.Again, immunotherapy, chemotherapy, radiation, but you would probably start with a king of England in the hospital. If he went home. I'm thinking even more. And again, I'm putting going out on a limb here, because I don't have direct information on this. But it's what's on my mind that it could be bladder cancer.And that would be very good news.MACCALLUM: Well, we hope it is something that is highly treatable and you know, appreciate your input without a lot of background on it to go on here, other than that, it was a cancer that was not prostate cancer that was detected during that.So, we'll see if we get some more information. And we certainly hope that, that it's -- that it's treatable, and we'll -- he'll be better soon.Do you have a last (INAUDIBLE)?SIEGEL: Martha, Martha, it's -- Martha, it's four cancers most common in men. Prostate, then lung, then colon, then bladder. Bladder being number four. Again, lung and colon are possible. I'm not ruling any of this out or lymphoma. But I'm suspicious about bladder.MACCALLUM: OK. We will see. Dr. Siegel, thank you very much. Good to have you with us.SIEGEL: Good to see you.MACCALLUM: So, switching gears now for an update from the Pentagon, on the response to the drone strike that killed three American soldiers in Jordan.This just moments ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAJ. GEN. PATRICK RYDER, PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: U.S. military forces conducted strikes February 2nd, on seven facilities in Iraq and Syria.As Secretary Austin highlighted in his statement, this is the start of our response and there will be additional actions taken to hold the IRGC and affiliated militias accountable for their attacks on U.S. and coalition forces.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Also, a new attack today, targeting U.S. forces in Syria. No reports of injuries or damage that makes, at least 169 attacks against U.S. and coalition forces since October 17th, including the drone strike in Jordan that killed Sergeant's William Rivers, Breonna Moffett, and Kennedy Sanders.Iran denies being behind that attack. Claiming that groups in the area, "do not take orders from Tehran." Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NASSER KANAANI, SPOKESPERSON, IRANIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY (through translator): The Islamic Republic of Iran has no proxy forces in the region. It is the United States regime. that uses the Zionist regime and organized terrorist entity as a proxy for us to achieve its strategic goals and illegitimate objectives in the region.Peace in the region depends on an immediate halt of the war crimes by the Zionist regime against Gaza.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: With that, we bring in retired U.S. Army General Dana Pittard who has served multiple combat tours in Iraq and the Middle East. General Pittard, thank you very much. It's good to have you with us today, sir.MAJ. GEN. DANA PITTARD (RET), UNITED STATES ARMY: Good afternoon, Martha. Thank you.MACCALLUM: So, what's your reaction to the response so far? Did any of it surprise you? I know before we went into the weekend, there was some discussion that perhaps they would not send these targets into the Red Sea area at this stage of the game. What's your reaction to it so far?PITTARD: Well, the strikes, the multitiered strikes have been pretty strong in Syria and Iraq, and obviously against the Houthis. But it's the result that we must watch. Is it going to deter Iran and its proxies?And we've already heard from the Houthis. The Houthis have said that they are going to continue, in fact, to escalate. And you know, that should give us some pause on that. So, it's the start of it. We'll see what happens.But if Iran is, in fact behind it, it's Iran that must be held accountable.MACCALLUM: So, this is from an opinion piece on Sunday, from the Wall Street Journal, and I want to read you a piece of this. The title was 'Tower 22, You're on Your Own". That of course, is the area where these three sergeants were based, in the northeast corner of Jordan.And it goes on to say -- it's by Matthew Hennessy. Goes on to say, "U.S. airstrikes over the weekend hit mostly evacuated Iranian and militia positions in eastern Syria and Iraq. It was a firework show. The actual Iranians had already scurried to safety. How many millions of dollars' worth of munitions did we just detonate to get the president out of a tough news cycle? Our Red Sea sailors and Tower 22 soldiers could once have been called sitting ducks. Today, we can call them drone bait."Very strong words in that editorial. What's your reaction to that, sir?PITTARD: Well, those are strong words. In fact, all U.S. bases have a certain amount of protection. On this particular one, where the drone got through it, followed a U.S. drone in guardian. And I'm sure that our tactics, techniques, and procedures, that at Tower 22, and other bases have been adjusted. So, that doesn't happen again.So, I wouldn't call them drone bait at all. However, we've got to send a strong signal to Iran and its proxies to not do it again. And I'm not sure that signal is strong enough at this point. But we'll see.They say that, you know, it's ongoing, but you know, in terms of this reaction, and whether or not you think it should be taken directly to Tehran. Is that a bridge too far? Or is that what needs to happen here, in your opinion?PITTARD: Well, quick, holistic, it should include whole of government, including economic sanctions, as well as not taking targets in Iran off the table, at least threatening their oil producing capability.MACCALLUM: General Pittard, thank you very much, sir. Always good to have you with us. Thank you for joining us.PITTARD: Thank you, Martha.So, the long-awaited bill in Congress to secure the border is now at a screeching halt. Congresswoman Nancy Mace, and we will also be joined by Karl Rove. They are next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And what's next on the border bill?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Border bill, sir? What's next?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: All right. Well, she them through, hopefully, passes in the Senate.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell speaking on the Senate floor about this border deal situation, let's listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), MINORITY LEADER: -- believe their own eyes. They tried in vain to pretend that weren't facing a crisis, but the country knows better. This is a humanitarian insecurity crisis of historic proportions. And Senate Republicans have insisted not just for months but for years, that this urgent crisis demanded action. Three months ago, we asked our colleague, Senator Lankford, to lead that action. In just the time since Washington Democrats finally decided to join him at the negotiating table, the President's border crisis made history all over again.December saw the highest daily and monthly tallies of illegal border crossings ever on record. The crisis has literally never been worse. This is the reality as the Senate begins careful consideration of the border security agreement announced last night. The gaping hole in our nation's sovereign borders on President Biden's watch is not going to heal itself, and the crater of American credibility after three years of the President's foreign policy will not repair itself either.Today, our adversaries are emboldened because terrorists and authoritarian thugs challenged the strongest military in the world. Our commander in chief is hesitant and self-deterred. It's long past time for the president to demonstrate more resolve and start imposing decisive costs on those who dared attack America. And it's now time for Congress to take action on supplemental national security legislation that finally meets those challenges head on.I've spoken at length for months about the urgent need to invest in American hard power, stand with our allies and start showing our adversaries that the world's foremost superpower intends to start acting like one again. My colleagues know where I stand. They know as well as I do that American adversaries in Moscow, Beijing and Tehran are working together to undermine us. And they know that the time has finally come for the Senate to respond with strength.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. Senator Mitch McConnell talking about the border deal, he's obviously very frustrated. He initiated the beginning of these negotiations that were led by Lankford and Sinema, and Murphy. Republican Congresswoman from South Carolina Nancy Mace does not support it, and she says anything short of shutting down the border will not work. She sits on the Oversight and Armed Services Committee. Congresswoman Mace, good to have you with us today.REP. NANCY MACE (R-SC): Thank you.MACCALLUM: I'd like to start by playing a soundbite from your colleague on the Senate side, Lankford, about his reaction to where this stands. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JAMES LANKFORD (R-OK): We as Republicans going to have press conferences and complain the border is bad, and then intentionally leave it open. After the worst month in American history in December, now we've got to actually determine, are we going to just complain about things or we're going to actually address and then change as many things as we can?(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So what the American people were told, congresswoman, was that the funding for Ukraine and Israel, and Taiwan, wouldn't happen unless we did something at the border first. So then these negotiators get together and they work on a program to at least start to chip away at some of the problems that exist on the border. They come up with something. And now Republicans, many of them, including yourself, are shutting it down. So, what do you say to the American people about that?MACE: Well, I find it very ironic Senator Langford's comments there because this bill keeps the border wide open. There are so many loopholes in this bill, it'll make your head spin. And any Republican that supports it supports open borders because it's going to allow Secretary Mayorkas to have full discretion on who comes in above that 5,000 limit. It lowers the standard for those that are seeking asylum.And, look, the American people are tired of being an ATM machine for the illegal aliens that are coming across our border every single day. And the more that I read language in this bill, the more frustrated I get with it because it's not what we're being told.MACCALLUM: I think we're all trying to figure out this bill. Have you read all 370 pages of this bill?MACE: We are working through it. We have about 50 pages more to go. But from what we can tell, and I'm going to put forth a statement once we finish reading the bill, the measures that we feel are extremely undesirable, that keep our border open, that water down the asylum system, it's not good for the --MACCALLUM: This is exactly the opposite, that's why I'm asking. And obviously, Senator Lankford and his colleagues worked hard to negotiate something. You know, it's hard to do some actual negotiation. And they say no new asylum claims would be allowed. Anybody crossing would be removed --MACE: Base on what --MACCALLUM: Hold on. And he said it ends the whole idea of I made it to us soil and now you have to process me. It increases detention beds, doubles the deportion flights, and adds $650 million to expand the border wall, which is the same language and funding that's in HR-2. So isn't getting something better than getting nothing because this problem isn't going away?MACE: No. But when you have a loophole on the other side of it, on the very next page in the bill that puts a quash on any of that you're talking about there, it allows Secretary Mayorkas, allows bureaucrats to make these decisions rather than courts that waters down the reasoning behind those seeking asylum, lowers the standard for those seeking asylum. That's what we're talking about here. That's the language that we're reading in the bill.And part of what I can tell is that we're not being told the truth here about the bill. And I'm going to put out a statement that goes through it page by page, just like I did that bad debt ceiling bill last year that will outline to the American people what the truth is because they deserve nothing but the truth.MACCALLUM: All right. Well, we're covering, obviously, both sides of this Republican battle over what to do, if anything, to close the border. So we'll continue to share with our viewers both sides of this equation as you all see it. So thank you very much for being here, congresswoman.MACE: Thank you.MACCALLUM: So joining me now is Karl Rove, former White House Deputy Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush and a Fox News contributor. And he lives in Texas, sees a lot of this very up close. Karl, good to have you with us.What do you make of this battling over this issue in your party?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I've read the bill, and I'm not certain that I'm reading the same bill that the congresswoman is reading. It dramatically increases the number of ICE agents and puts them on the border to stop people from coming across. They're specifically designed to catch and detain people coming across the border, more detention beds to hold them, and it tightens the standards for people coming across the border who are claiming asylum.One of the key tests is going to be, could you have been resettled in the country that you came from, or did you stop someplace along the way in an intermediate country where you could have been resettled? If so, you've got to leave the country immediately and make your asylum request from that country. It adjudicates the cases faster because one of the magnets is come here, the system is overloaded, claim asylum. It'll be a year or two, or three, before your case is heard.In the meantime, you get to stay in the estados you need. That's no longer the case. And then the border emergency power says, if more than 5,000 people are coming across the border each day and being detained, the secretary can basically shut down the border and say, we accept no one. Because the idea is if you got more than 5,000 people coming across the border a day, catching and detaining them is going to overwhelm the system. So literally, you can stand at the border that -- I say you can stand at the border and say you're not allowed to come into the country at all. We're not even going to process you. You have to turn around.MACCALLUM: Yes.ROVE: So to me, one of the key things here is going to be what can you get 60 votes in the Senate for if you're planning on having a Republican president, House and Senate next year, you're not going to have 60 votes in the US Senate, but you could conceivably get a number of good forward steps to tighten the border with 60 votes of Democrats and Republicans because the administration's in a tight corner and knows it.MACCALLUM: So let me ask you this, because this has been used as a political cudgel on both sides, this might be a moment to try to get past that a little bit and do something. Now, both sides are never going to be completely happy if they're able to come to some sort of compromise on at least the things that you just listed there.So politically, you know, some people think, oh, well, the former President Donald Trump doesn't want this deal. He wants to start from scratch if he wins the presidency next time around. What's worse -- is that or the ability for voters to say, look, you guys had an opportunity to get something done and you wouldn't do anything.ROVE: Yes. And look, here's the deal. 60 votes, get a bunch of this stuff done with 60 votes, and the president is going to be able to take, if he gets elected, President Trump is going to be able to institute policies using executive authority that Joe Biden is never going to have, like Remain in Mexico and also country bans. President Trump has indicated a willingness to do those kind of things.He can say, this is a good start, but here are steps that I'm going to take that Joe Biden will not take. He can gain the political advantage. At the same time, we get some progress for America.MACCALLUM: Karl Rove, thank you very much. Always good to see you, Karl. So we'll see where that goes. And in the meantime, teaching kindergarten students how to be woke and in some cases, how to dislike their own country of America. The cancel culture dictionary author Jimmy Failla on a story you'll see only here coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So top of the hour, we told you about the press conference here in New York City around the beating of two officers near a migrant shelter in Times Square. A couple of quick mentions of that incident during the Q&A portion, let's take a listen to what happened in there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: As far as the assault on 42nd Street, same thing. We have a couple of other participants that have been arrested. We have probable cause on, and our warrants team is hunting them.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Let's hope they find them. So $250,000 later, turns out that bringing woke kindergarten to a struggling California elementary school didn't actually help the students test scores. What a shocker. According to the website "woke kindergarten teaches things like the woke word of the day. This is on the actual program, little comrade convos and teach Palestine. Here is the program's founder, envisioning a world without an America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AKIEA GROSS, WOKE KINDERGARTEN FOUNDER: When I think about a world free of state violence, free of war, free of genocide, I think about a world free of the US empire. I think about a world free of Israel. I think about the fact that we would not have to participate in these systems because none of these systems would exist. That means kids wouldn't have to go to school because the world would ultimately be their classrooms.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Jimmy Failla is here, first to national correspondent William La Jeunesse with what that was all about. Here he is. Hi, William.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Martha, California spends $24,000 a year per elementary student. But for this underperforming school in the Bay Area, it wasn't enough. So to improve learning, it hired woke kindergarten, which describes itself as a pro- black, queer, and trans-liberation abolitionist education meant to disrupt whiteness.GROSS: Who keeps us safe? We keep us safe.LA JEUNESSE: In this lesson, students are told they don't need money, landlords or police.GROSS: We don't police us. We protect us, we teach us, we accept us, we don't arrest us.MACCALLUM: Creator Akiea Gross goes by the pronoun they/them. Lessons are called little comrade conversations. Teachers were told they live in the so-called United States. Questions for students include this one, if the United States defunded the Israeli military, how could this money be used to rebuild Palestine? And this one, if we challenge the legitimacy of the Supreme Court, how might we transfer power back to the people? In a lesson on climate, corporations are singled out for killing the planet.GORSS: Who makes the air OPAC? Where do the animals go when the trees burn? What will the people do when they can't drink? How will the kids talk if their lungs sink? And how will they learn if they can't think?LA JEUNESSE: Another lesson shows police confronting minorities while celebrating with white Trump supporters. Words of the day include strike, ceasefire, and protest, which helps students "critique the system and confront racism."So, Martha, do you think the program improved learning? No. Scores went down. Under 12% of those students read at grade level in English, and just 4% are proficient in math. Back to you.MACCALLUM: Well, the people who got paid for the woke kindergarten program are the only ones who are making out OK in that story. Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday Night, Fox Across America on Fox News Radio, and a great friend of this show. So good to see you, Jimmy.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: It is great to see you. And it is a shame this program didn't work. It sounds like so much fun for the kids.MACCALLUM: Doesn't it? I mean, it's really uplifting.FAILLA: I mean, who doesn't like to go to kindergarten and play pin the tail on the oppressor? I always know that helped focus in school. This is the problem with every one of these woke initiatives. No matter what grade level it's happening at, as you know, it's not teaching people how to think, it's just teaching them what to think. They're beholden to the agenda of whoever's implementing the curriculum. But the people implementing the curriculum don't factor in the prosperity of the kids on any level.This is about recruiting to an ideology. This is not about math. This is not about reading, which is why they're not proficient. And what I'm trying to get parents to wake up and realize is we're in a bitterly partisan time in America, but there are certain issues like education and crime. They get politicized but they're not political. Meaning we all need to be safe when it comes to crime. We all need intelligent kids.And this idea that the people who are on the globalist side of everything are also the ones failing our kids at a curriculum level, they're really operating with an indifference to the long range prosperity of these kids. It's terrible to say, but that's where we are.MACCALLUM: No, they don't care about -- they have to understand their mission. As a teacher, your mission is to make sure that children at that age are beginning to read, right? There are benchmarks that you expect. That is not one of them, and it's showing up in their scores.I want to go forward to the Grammys because were talking about this during the break, because I think that what happened last night in the Grammys award shows have been really bad for the past many years. And I got a bunch of texts last night, are you watching this?FAILLA: Yes, yes.MACCALLUM: I turned it on. I thought it's actually a good awards show.FAILLA: They actually did the thing we expect. The Grammys were about music, they focused on music, and we all loved it. Great moments with Tracy Chapman and Luke Holmes. Billy Joel busted out his piano. Nobody had that on the bingo card. There were a lot of really great moments.And I think it shows you that certain entities, music, movies, sports, comedy, have the power to unite us because they give us common culture. We all love music. And that's why I'm not ever telling people to stay in your lane. You have a platform, use it. But the point is, you can unite a lot more people by doing the thing you're great at.MACCALLUM: Let's watch this. Because Luke Combs was criticized by some people on social media for recording Tracy Chapman's "Fast Car" song, which, by the way, is now number one, has been all day long on iTunes, her original version of the song. So Tracy Chapman, to her credit, was. like, give me a break.FAILLA: Thank you.MACCALLUM: This is fantastic, you're recognizing my song. Let's get together and sing it together on the Grammys. Watch this.(MUSIC)MACCALLUM: I mean, everybody, all different backgrounds stood up and applauded this song of these two folks together. It was beautifulFAILLA: That's the difference between Tracy and Luke, and you and me in karaoke. OK. You play the "You and Me" clip, the country is as divided as ever.MACCALLUM: I don't know. I think we could bring some people together with that. Thank you, Jimmy.FAILLA: You're the best.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much. The book is called the "Cancel Culture Dictionary," Jimmy Failla. And the new show is Saturday Night and it's awesome. So stick around for more of that.So still ahead, we have something special for you. It is a tribute to September 11 firefighter Bob Beckwith, who stood beside President George W. Bush as a moment -- in a moment of American resilience that will never be forgotten. I was honored to know Bob Beckwith and interview him not that long ago after that terrible, terrible day. He also helped to bring the country together.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES: I can hear you. I can hear you. The rest of the world hears you. And the people -- and the people who knock these buildings down will hear all of us soon.UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER (in unison): USA! USA! USA! USA!(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Bob Beckwith, the firefighter who stood alongside President Bush during the iconic moment at ground zero in the days after 911 has died at 91 years old.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BUSH: As we mourn the loss of thousands of our citizens -- I can hear you. I can hear you. The rest of the world hears you. And the people -- and the people who knock these buildings down will hear all of us soon.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: That gives everybody chills still, all these years later. Bob was retired when 911 happened. He watched the towers collapse from his TV in Long Island. 72 hours later, he came down to Manhattan to the pile. He was digging through the rubble alongside his fellow firefighters. And in 2021, I spoke with him for Fox Nation about how he became a part of history that day.He says it all started with a man named Karl Rove, a senior advisor to the president at the time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BOB BECKWITH, 911 FIREFIGTHER: I didn't know who Karl Rove was. He says to me, somebody's coming over here. And when they come over, you help them up and then you get down. I said, OK. I see the president coming around, they're all applauding them and yelling. And he comes right in front of me and he puts his arm up.I said, oh my God. I pull him up, I turn him around. I say, you OK, Mr. President? He says, yes. I start to get down. He said, where are you going? I said, I was told to get down. He said, you stay right here.MACCALLUM: When you felt him pull his arm around you, I say, no, you're going to stay up here with me while I talk. What did you think?BECKWITH: I looked up to the sky and I said, look at me, ma. I'm with the president.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: He's such a great man. He's survived by three children, six grandchildren and six great grandchildren. And we will miss Bob Beckwith. He was a hero, a man of great integrity and a true patriot. I'm honored to have known him.That's "The Story" for this Monday, February the 5th. "The Story" goes on. We'll see you back here tomorrow. "Your World" starts right now.