BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS HOST: And, Sean, why is this a big deal? An estimated 27.6 million people all around the world are victims of human trafficking, at least according to the State Department. I'll send it back to you.SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Bill Melugin, thank you for that report. It's all the time we have this evening. Thank you for being with us. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: You are so wonderful. Yes. I love you too. I love you. I love you. Happy Wednesday, everyone. So remember those stories you hear about a firefighter who sets up fire so he can ride in and save the day but instead the house burns down. That reminds me of Joe and the border. He torchers the border and now we're supposed to trust the same guy who started this raging blaze to put it out. You know, it's like believing OJ when he said he was going to find his wife's killer.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: He's still looking.GUTFELD: He is. So do we give him more matches and gas or look for someone with a fire extinguisher and a pulse? That's the question Joe Biden asked America yesterday during a speech that reminded me of Winston Churchill, primarily because Winston Churchill is also dead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: All indications are this bill won't even move forward to the Senate floor. Why? A simple reason, Donald Trump. Because Donald Trump thinks is bad for him politically. He'd rather weaponize this issue than actually solve it. Trump and the MAGA Republican said, no. Because they're afraid of Donald Trump. Afraid of Donald Trump.Republic step to the side. Who do they serve? Donald Trump or the American people. Every day between now and November, the American people are going to know that the only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump and his MAGA Republican friends. Folks, we've got to move past this toxic politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That is amazing. First of all, he asks, who do the Republicans serve? This is the man wearing the Ukrainian flag because they gave money to his kid. Who do you serve? But the short term buzz of this whole posturing inevitably gave way to the reality hangover that was visible yesterday on the President's face. Look at him, it's painful to watch.It's gotten to the point that now Joe just barks MAGA whenever he can't make a real argument. Lucky for him, it's only two syllables. Even luckier Trump is only one. But it's his answer for everything. He's like a sex addict who only knows one position. And we're the ones getting screwed.But it's something has finally dawned on Joe that spiteful anti-Trump tantrum he threw when he took office, reversing roughly 90 Trump era border policies has now become the defining feature of his administration. And he's become a melting angry ice sculpture. And then there's homeland security director Alejandro Mayorkas. Sorry it's hard to give a thumbs up to a man who looks like a thumb. He's failed miserably to defend our borders.So when the House of Representatives voted Tuesday evening to impeach him, it should have been what figure skaters call a slam dunk. But three Republicans, these fellows right here on your screen, joined the Dems and voting against what would have been the second ever impeachment of a sitting cabinet official. So write down those names so you can vote against them, or at least sign them up on Grindr.Our audience doesn't know Grindr and good for you. Mike Gallagher posted on X why he voted against impeachment, quote, "Creating a new lower standard for impeachment will set a dangerous new precedent that will be weaponized against future Republicans ministry administration's it will only further pry open the Pandora's box of perpetual impeachment." So you get this, people? Those GOP defectors didn't vote to impeach Trump. I didn't vote to impeach because it would lead to the Dems doing it as well.Do we live in the Twilight Zone, Sir Gallagher? The Dems already impeached Trump, not once but twice. Did we already forget that? Is Biden's dementia contagious? Does MAGA now stand for making Alzheimer's great again? What did an argument. We don't want to hit them because they'll hit us back. Well, then why are you in the damn ring? You're fighting for us, remember? Anyway, Republicans say they'll try their hand at impeaching Mayorkas again, maybe in a few years when our southern border starts at Nebraska.TYRUS: Yeah.GUTFELD: but like I told my assistant when she wanted a day off for her mother's funeral. Don't hold your breath. But it's not really about Mayorkas. It's about Joe. We wouldn't have this crisis had Biden not rescinded Trump's border policies and just left 'remain in Mexico' in place. He prefers his policy of 'remain in basement' instead. The problem with yesterday was that ignored one unignorable fact, this disaster was not occurring under Trump and that the Republican House now are as weak as Jerry Nadler's sphincter.If there's one thing establishment Republicans love to do, it's lose gracefully. But as they lose so do we. Cash strapped local governments are now spending billions for the care and feeding of new arrivals with no work permit and limited job skills and less respect for the law than Ilhan Omar on her wedding night.TYRUS: Damn.GUTFELD: I don't even know what that means. The video of two NYPD cops assaulted by Venezuelan thugs exposes the issue that Dems had labeled racist just for bringing it up, migrant crime. So Venezuela empties its prisons and we get a crime wave. What did you expect? They broke the laws in their own country and now they're free to roam in a bigger, richer country.It's like offering a free bucket of fried twinkies and then shocked that Joy Behar shows up. On the foreign policy front binds decided to link securing the border to funding for foreign wars. Now let me get this straight. Russia is at war with Ukraine. Hamas terrorists slaughtered Israeli citizens. Oh, yeah, Joe, it's Hamas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: There is some movement. And I don't want to -- I don't want to -- let me choose my words. There are some movement. There's been a response from -- a better response from the opposition. But yes, I'm sorry, from Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Quick, somebody gets smelling salts, and then put them in a little girl's hair. That's not good. That is so not good. At least he didn't say extreme MAGA Republicans. It's Hamas, you dumb ass. Maybe ease up on the embalming fluid. It's not even funny anymore, really. I feel bad saying that because this is terrible. But those wars mean America apparently doesn't get a southern border? If anybody can explain to me how this works, I promised to give you Brian Kilmeade's home phone number. He goes to bed at 8:30.So these countries, they have sacred borders. But America's looks like Walmart on a Black Friday. Of course the experts will say, look, man, you got to fight the bad guys over there. So they don't come here. Fine. I get that. But why not make it harder for them to get in here before they flee from the wars that we are fighting there? I know. I know.It makes too much sense. Like muting your TV whenever Jesse's on. The truth is a border crisis is like luminol for the crime scene that is the Biden Administration. It's detecting blood all over and Joe's alibi is holding up about as well as the border itself. Thanks to his incurable TDS, Joe has managed to make our border as incontinent as he is. Can he stop the flow at all? I bet we'll get the same old answer, depends.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. He took a night off from banging your ex to be here tonight. Comedian Jeff Dye. She's so bright, Joe Biden keeps walking towards her. Campaign Communications Expert Erin Perrine.TYRUS: And, here we go.GUTFELD: She took Ozempic and gained weight. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And when he plays monopoly, he uses real houses. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.Jeff, you know, because you're an expert on immigration, I was going to ask you what your solution is, but then I watched those clips again of Joe Biden and I realized these are not gaffes anymore. This is just the status quo of his behavior. It's kind of scary. I don't even feel bad making jokes about it now.JEFF DYE, COMEDIAN: Yeah, it's hard to make it funny.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: Like it really is like you just watch and go, this is embarrassing.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: That's the leader.GUTFELD: Yeah, I know.DYE: Like JFK, like was like, we go to the moon.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: Get jacked up. You get hard watching that and then you watch this. You just go this is what we're doing.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: It's -- it's very embarrassing.GUTFELD: It's very embarrassing.DYE: Also what is the plan? Just don't talk about it?GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: Because at least we have a position here.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: But then you ask people like, oh, you know you when you go to a country you should probably follow the rules to like get into that country. I can't just go to Australia and then go hey don't say that.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: These guys beat up a cop and they are not even citizens. They go whoa, whoa, racist. What's the plan? Like, can we talk about it? Like there has to be some other side?GUTFELD: Yeah. The only side they are concerned with are for the people coming in. It's the most bizarre thing, a border actually has two sides, inside and out. And like they're there, i you bring up your concerns, you're a bigot.DYE: Right, just like talking about it like that's pretty scary also, and not very funny that we can't even talk about it without being like this. Your problematic.GUTFELD: What happened your collar, by the way?DYE: So this is a special. I was told it looks -- I was told it looks good.GUTFELD: Yeah. You're like Jeff Dye, hip doctor. Look, I'm here to tell you -- you -- got cancer. But what are you doing later?DYE: That is the doctor I'd be.GUTFELD: That is the doctor you'd be. You've only got three months to live but two months to love.DYE: I love that.GUTFELD: All right. Erin, I apologize for that. What do you think -- do you think not impeaching Mayorkas is -- is a big deal. I mean, it really, I mean, it's like, I guess life goes on? Is this a big defeat?ERIN PERRINE, AXIOM STRATEGIES: No, it's not because one there'll be able to bring it up again. And you know, I think the least surprising part of this is that like it's taking a while to get things done in Congress. That's the same song and dance. I worked on the Hill for years. I haven't been there for a few years, but really not much has changed. The way we make the change here is we elect somebody else to the White House.The reason we are facing three and a half to four times more border crossings in a two year period under Joe Biden than we did under Donald Trump is because of Joe Biden. Let alone that 90 executive actions that he took away from the Trump Administration purely because he said, oh, Donald Trump, that's a no for me. Building the border wall, he stopped doing that. Part of that border wall was also like dam infrastructure in Texas. And he was like good luck, everybody. Like everything he did has been bad is only made the border worse.People want to see this end. You can't believe like; you can't be shocked that it's going to take Congress a while to get this right. You need a leader in the White House who's willing to take action to get it right because it's clear between Biden and Mayorkas, no one is going to close the southern border of the United States.GUTFELD: Yeah, he would rather forgive student loans.DYE: Yeah.GUTFELD: And he will do and has done that and thenPERRINE: And catch and release people in the United States. You enter the country illegally. Hey, you got a one way ticket. You've beaten an NYPD cop? You might make it to California. But that's -- that's, that is the tenant of their policy right now. The core of their policy is --GUTFELD: Yeah, you know, Kat, I was just -- I think I was caught off guard watching Biden again.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yee. I think we all know now why he's not doing the Superbowl anymore.GUTFELD: Yes. I mean, it's bad.TIMPF: That's serious. What -- OK, if that's your audition tape, what gig could you get?GUTFELD: No, no --TYRUS: -- Grandpa.TIMPF: Like it's only three minutes. If there's no only in that three minutes.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Like, the Superbowl is supposed to be fun, I hear. And like, that -- that's like he's miserable.GUTFELD: But, I mean, the thing is, why isn't it that clip everywhere? Like I'm pleading ignorance, that is the first time I saw it.TYRUS: Oh, no --TIMPF: I mean, just first of all, because they all look the same. You're like, you know, what's crazy is that I don't care what party you're from, what you believe, whenever you're watching Joe Biden speak, everyone watches him like this. Like, like, like what's going to happen? You know, like, that's not like how you should watch the him, like, oh, like, and you're just like, heartbroken and scared the whole time.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: This isn't normal. None of this is normal. It's disturbing. He's so sad.GUTFELD: Yeah, it's --TIMPF: Like this -- he shouldn't be -- he shouldn't be having to do that.GUTFELD: No, at this point, they need to put -- they need one of those big things that take him away.TYRUS: The problem is --DYE: We owe George W. Bush a big apology. We gave that -- we raked that guy over the coals for saying, like, fool me once and then we you know, losing his train of thought, this guy every day, it's so normal to us now. We just go that's how he talks.GUTFELD: -- Normal.TYRUS: I thought he was just splitting the diff like he's got a 10 minute speech. But if he combines it all together, you get it done in three minutes. I thought it was just a, you know, I'll say three or four things at the exact same time. Which is a higher level of thinking.GUTFELD: That's true.TYRUS: Which you know, we just don't get it.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Oh, my bad. Mr. President. I'll work on my -- this is -- just the incident with the border patrol officers and their horses, his ass should have been out of there.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And this is on Republicans. This -- this is why we need term limits. They care more about getting reelected than doing the right thing. His -- his lackadaisical effort with the border, with the way he treats the men and women who protect the border, how about the mothers who came to Congress and he didn't show up because he was quote 'in a meeting with Mexico.' He should have brought their asses too. But it goes back to the same thing. Republicans are foolish. And this proves that they say they want change.Who cares -- if I know that being a leader and doing the right thing, and getting a person, this man out here who's failed, and there's no way I can argue that he hasn't means I might not get reelected, but I did my job that was better for my people. Fine. Next man up. So be it. I did my part. Yeah. This is more -- this you know, we always want to go at the left and say when they're doing this, this says more about us and the spineless people that supposedly are conservatives that know that this man has cost money is ruined lives.There was people that couldn't leave their homes because everyone thought they were whipping black people, think about that. That's what you're serving for (BEEP) pay. And that's how you're being treated. That's just one. Didn't show up for the moms. Then it was perfectly finding like border agents will let people drown to the water.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: It didn't matter what horrible thing that he said. But you just didn't want them to come back at you.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Turn in your little pin and your tie and go home.GUTFELD: Yeah. Up next; maybe every woke ad was just a fad.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Their profits went up in smoke after embracing the moronic woke. But now a number of Super Bowl commercials will reportedly avoid woke nonsense in an effort to sell their product, or at the very least to keep Kid Rock from shooting it. Turns out Left wing hectoring and ads only further alienated consumers already impacted by Biden's (BEEP) economy. People don't need to be called oppressors when they can't afford eggs.So instead this year's brands are expected to lean into humor and noncontroversial celebrities as opposed to unfunny hectoring Lefties. Guess it's not your year Kathy Griffin. Meanwhile, Trump is extending an olive branch to Bud Light posting on Truth Social quote, "The Bud Light ad was a mistake of epic proportions, and for that a very big price was paid. Anheuser-Busch is a great American brand that perhaps deserves a second chance?"And even trans Republican Caitlyn Jenner joined Trump in urging Republicans to move forward from there boycott and that takes balls. But it's a fair question. Does Bud deserve a second chance? Look, I'm a fan of second chances. I didn't fire my pool boy the first time he rejected my advances. Put that in the clip reel.But as Tyrus pointed out, Bud didn't just lose business, they also fired 350 employees in the aftermath of the Mulvaney debacle, and there was a worse outcome for Bud's once prized Clydesdale horses. Yeah. Bad news for the horses but great for the post it notes business.DYE: That really happened?GUTFELD: That did happen. They sent away. All right, Tyrus, so on the one hand you I mean, you're very passionate about Bud and the fact that they -- they should rehire the people they fired.TYRUS: Do that first before you cut the checks.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRIS: But here's the thing. I'm all for second, third chances in some cases, if you show a change in behavior, and you own you're (BEEP). Giving good young comedians endorsements is great. But that's not what -- that's not the problem. 350 Americans who showed up to work every day, bust their ass, were out of work. That's what two celebrity checks?GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRIS: If those people, America, we messed up, we're bringing our forces back and we're going to weather this storm, we'll respect that. Giving, like I said, being a part of UFC and NFL that is -- that is great. But the only way you stand up to this woke behavior is by changing behavior and saying, we're not accepting this anymore, and we're going to fix the wrongs. A lot of people were canceled. A lot of people didn't have the resources to come back.So in effect, the Dylan Mulvaney woman face thing canceled 350 hardworking Americans that don't have the ability to go on social media or TV talk shows to get their careers back. So fix that, Bud Light, and I'll be the first one to go out and buy a Bud cake at my house and I'll have a keg party split. All right. I will be the first one. But how about you invest in those 350 workers then talk about redemption? But just moving on throwing money at people who already have it don't mean (BEEP) to me personally.GUTFELD: Kat, on the one hand, I'm happy because I get the feeling that wokeism is dead but on the other hand, what will we talk about?DYE: Yeah.GUTFELD: This has been like my bread and butter for 10 years.TIMPF: If you would have told me that I'd spend this much time in my adult life sitting around talking about Bud Light, like it's part of my -- it's part of my job, I've been like no (BEEP) way. Yeah, I think that what you said really is at the heart of it is that people want to chill. They don't want to sit there and be told, least of all the people who are presumably doing better than they are financially that they need to feel bad about the way they're living.People want to watch sports and I was and again I was a football fan for one week between the Lions winning and the Lions losing and I experienced a lot of joy in that week.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: They don't they -- it's supposed to be an escape from everything else. They -- people just want to have fun and again I for me, I I've not boycotted. I mean Bud Light, I don't drink, I just don't really have time to drink. So I haven't really been drinking. But I think that it became -- people didn't want to be asked questions about why you're drinking? Why you're drinking that? It became this lightning rod of a thing. So I think they'd have to overcome that in order for something to happen.GUTFELD: Yeah. Is that Bud Light? What's wrong with you?TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: That's -- that's what they're got -- that's what they got to deal with. I think there are a lot of lessons were learned, Erin. And I mean you the one thing that they did is they listened to activists and influencers on social media, who don't even buy their product. It was like an illusion or a --it's they're listening to people with delusions, which created the illusion.PERRINE: Yeah, they took bad advice from people who aren't there like target demographic here, and even if they were trying to expand to more people, you don't have to spend $7 million in 30 seconds to have people hate your brand. You could do that in one tweet in two seconds and destroy your brand. They have chosen to put money behind a message that they were trying to sell in relation to a product that didn't match.GUTFELD: Yes.PERRINE: That's what upset people and it cost jobs, it cost 30 percent of their market share. It's going to take a lot for them to come back. And yes, I love the Clydesdales commercials, love a commercial with a puppy in it. You got me sold. I'm in on these commercials. But that's not going to change what happened, how they got here and the total market loss that they've sustained.Because when you win, like when you play stupid games, win stupid prizes, and that's what happened with them. They didn't listen, they were inauthentic to their brand. And when you do that is when you're going to get into most trouble as a brand.GUTFELD: Jeff, are you a little dismayed that Bud hadn't come to you to be their new spokesperson?DYE: I have thought about that. Like Shane Gillis got a Bud Light deal and I was like good for him. But the second, oh, Jeff gets sober now alcohol company to pour money out. If there's a nice coffee company that would like to, I'm available. But I think Kat nailed it. I've been beating this drum for a long time that what I like about sports is that it's just sports or what I like about companies is just companies.I don't want to hear from millionaire athletes trying to lecture everyone about history that didn't go through in slavery, while they're dripping in Nike and blood diamonds, when they're like that's the most hypocritical. Also the Left or Right, you would have to agree that no one cares about corporations pretending to care about these social issues.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's true.DYE: It's the grossest thing to get an email that's like here at Wells Fargo, we stand with the women's march, you're like what you're saying? Come down to Taco Bell. Get me two tacos for 99 cents. Get out of here.GUTFELD" That drives me nuts.DYE: Gross.GUTFELD: It's like I know why you're doing this.TYRIS: Me too, Taco.DYE: I thought that was a good joke.PERRINE: I liked it. He's talking like Biden right there.TYRUS: He's just kind of like Taco. Me tooGUTFELD: Me to. I still don't get it.TYRUS: That explains the greenroom.GUTFELD: Yes. All right, we must move on. Up next, Gen Z'ers think it's fine to stay home drinking wine.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: They'll raise glasses, but won't get off their asses. True, Gen Z stays in for the night when they drink their reds and whites. A new survey of adults between the ages of 21 and 26 -- is that really adults -- found that two in three wine drinkers prefer to drink in the comfort of their own homes versus at bars. It makes sense. When they spend time at bars, they are often harassed by creepy old guys.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So what are the possible reasons Gen Z prefers to drink at home versus bars? It could be saving money. Young professionals in the cities avoid huge bar tabs, instead of using my proven technique of pulling the fire alarm right before last call. But there's also Gen Z-ers who live in the burbs and stay put to avoid driving. It's true. It's not like you can get pulled over in your race car bed.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I still have one. Sure, you can hire an Uber, but those drivers get snippy after you've puked in their cars a few times.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: There's also the notion that these young people are shunning bars to avoid social interactions, preferring to stay in their solitude at home. After all, there's no line at the bathroom, and everyone always knows your name, because you never leave. So with fewer people choosing to drink in the bars, it could spell the end of the bars.But for someone like me, it's OK. As a well-known celebrity, bars just got exhausting. I was so tired of women coming up to me all the time and asking me to stop masturbating.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I swear to God, if you go to me, I'm going to slap you.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I need a minute to process.GUTFELD: Kat, is drinking at home -- you were the first person to talk to me about drinking at home. The best thing is you can drink out of any kind of container. The whole idea of, oh, you need a glass for this and a glass for this. Oh, do you need a mug? No. You can just drink wine out of the box.TIMPF: I don't think I said that to you. What I said to you is I had one cup.GUTFELD: Yes, you had one cup. And there were two girls with you.TIMPF: I did. I had one -- eww.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I had one cup. I can tell at least one person laughed who doesn't get it.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Don't look it up. But yes, look, going out -- first of all, I have one cup because one person lived in my apartment, and I don't know why we have so many dishes now. But going out was only fun if it's on accident. But when you get ready and go out, it's always a disappointment. Everybody there is a disappointment, everything is a disappointment. But if you're not supposed to be out, then it can be fun because you're doing something you're not supposed to be doing. It's cheaper to stay at home with the friends you already have, rather than make new friends in the bathroom that you never talk to again.GUTFELD: I don't know. Jeff, I started drinking at home probably 12 years ago. Whenever I left "Redeye," because we were always going out drinking and I started drinking at home. And then I'd find myself, that's all I did was drink at home. I never went out, ever went out. I developed a phobia.DYE: I think drinking at home is way better. I agree with this story. I think it's way better. It's cheaper, like she said. There's no bathroom line, which I think you said. And also, you know how easy it is to get a girl back to your house when you're already at your house? You're already there. There's no last call. You want to do the thing I was hoping we would do the whole time?GUTFELD: Which is what, make a puzzle?DYE: Sexual intercourse.GUTFELD: OK.(LAUGHTER)DYE: That's the medical term. I don't know why you guys are --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: We don't like big words around here.(LAUGHTER)DYE: Bang.TYRUS: There you go.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Erin, do you go to bars?PERRINE: I do.GUTFELD: You do? What's it like it?PERRINE: It's great. I have bartenders that are nice to me. This feels like a remnant of the COVID era. They were talking about this poll was between 21 and 26-year-olds. These are kids who never got to go to bars or never got to be 18 and go into a bar before you were 21, at least hang out and see.But maybe they just don't know what it's like. Go, say hi to the bartender. They are generally pretty nice. If you don't know what wine you like, you can ask them, and they might give you a sip or a try or some beer if you don't know you like it. But in this poll, it's like 48 percent of them drink to unwind and 48 percent of them drink for the sheer joy of it. OK, so you're a normal person. Be a normal person and go to a bar.GUTFELD: Isn't it funny that a young person has to drink to unwind? What are you unwinding from, right? What kind of stresses do you have?TYRUS: That would depend on who you're sitting across from when you're drinking, Treg.GUTFELD: That's true. I've never seen you -- when you first got. I've never seen you actually at a bar.TYRUS: No, for a lot of reasons. And I know your first thought is religion, but no.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: The first reason is, one, I always end up working. Somebody wants to know where the bathroom is.GUTFELD: They come to you?TYRUS: Hey, sir?Two, if there's a fight breaks out, are you going to do something? No, I'm on my wine break.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I don't drink wine, never have. Don't like the smell of it, can't stand it. And wine drinkers are different animals. Let's be honest. They want to talk and play records and sit outside with their shoes off. And I would eat all of those people as a defensive measure. I'm a beer guy, and not to mention, you've got to go out, you've got to take her out so you can let yourself know that you are still making the best choice. You know what I'm saying? You got to -- fellas, ladies, oh, stop. Grow up, man. Go out and you intersect, and she will stay in the car like, man, do you see those immature guys over there? They're so rude and didn't grow up. And you'll be like, yes, I did.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, stories from local places that will put smiles on your faces.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coast to coast with stories that matter most. You are watching local news, with Emmy-winning anchor Kellie Crystal Kelly, replacing Chet Van Jansen, who died.And now, here's Kellie.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Hi, I'm Kellie Crystal Kelly, and this is local news where every guest brings a story from where they're from.All right, Jeff, why don't you just go first?DYE: Do you want me to start?TIMPF: I figure yes, let's get it off on an unhinged note.DYE: All right, I'm pretty unhinged about this, actually. Let's check out the story here. I just wanted everyone to see what's happening on my side of the country, in my state. We've literally got flood warnings, my phone has been blowing up with flood warnings even while I'm over here. It's sad. That's the L.A. River, which normally it isn't a river at all. It's just like a little concrete --GUTFELD: Causeway.DYE: Yes, it's nothing. You skateboard down there, it's a whole thing. This is what it's become. This man had to be helicopter rescued because he couldn't get out. The reason I'm showing you this is because all I ever hear about on Netflix or from everything is about how hard we are on the environment and global warming. It's humans are bad on the earth and they're bad on the ocean. No, earth is hard on us! F- the earth! Forget about it! Nobody ever talks about the hurricanes and the floods and the earthquakes. Every day this earth is taking people, and I've had enough of this -- Litter, empty your motor oil in the -- I don't give a -- I'm done with it.TIMPF: So your idea is just to go offensive on the climate?(LAUGHTER)DYE: Yes, us take out the earth. That shows that we are the apex predator. I want to eat dolphin sandwiches.(LAUGHTER)DYE: I want cars that run on seals!(LAUGHTER)DYE: I say we start fighting back.TIMPF: We'll workshop it. Erin?PERRINE: Mine is not as aggressive as yours.DYE: She said unhinged.PERRINE: She was right, nailed it. Mine is about the shirtless individual here, Jason Kelce, who came to the Buffalo Bills-Kansas City Chiefs playoff game, and has now made that into a meme that he's put on a t-shirt, and he's selling them for a local children's hospital in Buffalo. It's a great backstory. If you don't know about Bills Mafia, Bills Mafia it's a very giving sports community. The O'Shea Children's Hospital in Buffalo has the Patricia Allen Fund, which is named after Josh Allen, our incredible quarterback's grandmother. She passed away. We didn't know. Josh played a game in 2020 and was lights out. And when Bills fans found out they started giving money to that fund on her behalf. They've raised over $2 million.And so this is going to be another great opportunity. I'm super excited that Jason Kelce is putting out this shirt in order to give more money back to the Buffalo community. And the Buffalo community does the same. When Lamar Jackson went out for a game for a concussion, Bills fans gave money to his foundation. When Andy Dalton broke our 17-year playoff drought by beating the Baltimore Ravens for us when he was a Cincinnati Bengals quarterback, we gave $400,000. I love this about Bills Mafia. Let's keep it up. Let's give as much money as we can.(APPLAUSE)DYE: Can I get a translator for Kat?TIMPF: That was very different from Jeff's.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Anybody here want to line up for kickoff? That was a great story.TIMPF: Go ahead.TYRUS: Now, to bring it all down. The world is going to hell and a handbasket because we need grandparents, preferably bigger ones with sticks. So Shaw's has a problem with kids coming out of school and invading and taking over the store. They build paper towel forts. They run into things. They steal the electric carts from the obese people. They are running amok, and even stealing in broad daylight. Apparently, they had a half day a couple weeks ago, but it was a full day over there. They had about 150 kids just tearing up -- just tearing it all up, pushing, bullying everybody, and no one's doing anything. Where are the big mamas? Where are the crossing guards? Where are the people that beat me when I was a child and tried to steal things?TIMPF: That's kind of brilliant, though. If you don't want to do a babysitter, you can't find one, just drop your kids off at the grocery store.TYRUS: But they are building forts out of paper towels.DYE: Where are the Tyruses? Where are the guys like you?TYRUS: My kids would be there just to report from 50 yards away, father, I'm outside watching the evil and documenting. I'm documenting and I will testify against everybody, because they know.But where are the parents at? There used to be people that dealt with this stuff, and this is a really sad sign that a gang of children can just stroll up in your place of business and take it over. The world is all bad. Back to you.PERRINE: No, it's not!TIMPF: Greg's story, I want to give Greg a turn because he's really excited.GUTFELD: It's very similar to Jeff's. I'm also talking about the deadly atmospheric river storms that have been lingering over California. So far we've had 475 mudslides, 400 fallen trees. But get this, it was also deadly. Three people were killed when wind toppled trees on Sunday, killed people in Sacramento, Santa Cruz, and Sutter County, according to authorities.But you know it? There's a silver lining to all this deadliness and suffering, right. Geraldo Rivera tweets, "Gabriel, the oldest of my five kids at almost 10,000 feet elevation on top of Mammoth Mountain. They had six feet of new snow in the last five days. The conditions causing chaos down in the rest of southern California are a skier's blessing."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So, silver lining, all you people dying in the mud, we had a great day skiing!(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: OK.TYRUS: Never over.TIMPF: Never over.TYRUS: Never over.TIMPF: Never over. What Greg doesn't know, there are no second chances, OK.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Up next, did you have to pay for your own birthday?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Pay your own damn birthday. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You invite people to a restaurant of your choosing for your birthday, you should pay for everybody. I know that's going to be deeply unpopular, but I just think that you can't pick a restaurant and ask people to come and celebrate you and pay for themselves.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It's so hard -- I have to lie on my pillow. It's really hard. All right, Erin, she thinks that the birthday boy or girl should always pay for their own birthday dinner with friends. Apparently, this is creating a firestorm. What do you think?PERRINE: I actually don't think that she's necessarily that wrong. If you're inviting people out -- but think about this in reverse, is how I was thinking. She just I assumed that I'm going to invite all these people to a party and be like, and you get to pay for me now. But if you're inviting people, you can split the bill. You can talk to people. If you're an adult inviting people to an adult birthday party, you can have a conversation about that without it being an issue. But she just makes it so awkward and uncomfortable, as influencers tend to do, because they're just weird people.GUTFELD: Yes. Jeff, what adult throws a birthday party for themselves?DYE: That's the strange part.GUTFELD: Yes.DYE: I think if you did plan it, and you invited, then you should pay. But I also think that there's a bigger thing happening with influencers and these rappers and these young kids and the Spotify sound cloud, or wherever these people are that have all this money. They've got all these followers. They're so happy to flex with the expensive sunglasses and the whole thing. Then tip better and start paying for stuff. If you're going to flex on everyone about how much money you have and these things, then pay the damn bill. It's very strange to be cheap and also rub it in everyone's face about how well you're doing.GUTFELD: All right, gramps.DYE: You don't think so?GUTFELD: No, I agree.TYRUS: That's a great point.DYE: Rappers are always going like, bam, bam, bam. And we're like, oh, he spent --TYRUS: Yes, then they yell "cut."DYE: Zero.TYRUS: Then they yell "cut," and jeweler takes the jewel, and the car dealer takes his car, because they're full of -- The only people who complain about having to pay for stuff are people who can't afford stuff. So yes, influencer. If you're doing your interview from your bed complaining about having to pay for your own dinner at a party.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Then you should, like they should pay for you, because it's not easy doing all of this. And plus, I'm not going to a party, because once you're over 18 the candles cost more than the cake do. So, I'm not going.I don't celebrate birthdays. I give them to my kids and let them pick them. And to be fare, I should probably give it to my mom. She went through hell.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: She was 90 pounds and had a 10-pound 24-ounce baby. So she didn't serve in the military, but she served that day.GUTFELD: Yes, thank you for your service. There's a joke I almost made, but I'm not, Kat. Go ahead, Kat. What do you think? How are you not able to talk like that?TIMPF: I don't know, right.GUTFELD: You talk like --TIMPF: Mine's more masculine.GUTFELD: Yes, yes.TYRUS: I think your vocal cords would explode if you tried.TIMPF: Yes, I don't -- no, I couldn't do that. I hate myself enough already.So I think people get weird about money in general, just figure it out. I'm going to talk about this. It's my time to talk about this. I went to a friend's birthday, dinner. I arrived later in the night. And everyone had appetizers, dinner, drinks. I had a drink. And then the next day I went to the bar after, I paid for the birthday person's drink and the birthday person's boyfriend drinks, two rounds of drinks for both. And then I got a text saying can you Venmo me for dinner. It's $100 a person. So I did it, but like, you know, being a bitch. And then I texted my friend, and was like, I didn't eat at the dinner. Why am I? Like, a huge misunderstanding. Not really, because he kept the -- money.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Don't go away, we will be right back.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Jeff Dye, Erin Perrine, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)