SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Please tune in tomorrow night, our coverage of the New Hampshire primary. Kellyanne Conway, Tim Scott, Byron Donalds, so much more right here on our set with results of the New Hampshire first in the nation primary. Well, anyway, please set your DVR so you never miss an episode of Hannity. Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: OK. Feels good. Feels -- yes.(AUDIENCE CHANTING): Greg! Greg! Greg! Greg!GUTFELD: Stop it. Stop it. Keep going. No, I'm kidding. Happy Monday, everyone. So last week Sports Illustrated announced they were laying off their entire staff. But you could see it coming like a plus size model down a fashion runway. Still, this was a big deal for those of us who grew up when SI was required reading and also Scotch guarding. Nobody knows what that means. So it's sad that SI managed to go from a national institution to a mental institution in record time. If any business majors want to learn how not to run a company, SI has your game plan.That's because the management tried almost everything, they could think they could think of to drive clicks, except for one tiny thing, keeping the focus on sports. You know the subject they were supposed to be illustrating, instead of showing how to ruin a brand faster than it takes to chug a Bud Light? What management should have tried is remembering what their loyal customers want. Sports straight up without the woke chaser. Scores, stats, inspirational stories about athletes who only used a little bit of steroids. Those were the days.Unfortunately, SI is pivot from rebounds to pronouns is far from unique. Because what the Left really wants is to ensure that none of us can think for ourselves. A moment you spent cheering for the home team is a moment you're not thinking they're approved thoughts about climate change, gender, or why your Super Bowl party should serve bugs instead of hot wings. So when did sports start going woke?Well, there was Colin Kaepernick taking a knee during the national anthem. In response many 49er fans also went to their knees praying, Kaepernick would be traded. And he was to the People's Republic of Nike. Remember when he compared the NFL to slave owners and then sent a nice letter begging them to take him back? That's like me begging Kilmeade's family to let me be a pallbearer. I mean, he's still alive for now.Next came LeBron James another millionaire kneeler. LeBron also telegraphed his wokeism by being photographed reading civil rights books like The Autobiography of Malcolm X. Only problem is, fans noticed he was always on page one. Of course, he talks about human rights, but only for certain humans. China could tie a toddler to a radiator in a Nike shoes sweatshop, and LeBron would only freak if the heat melted the shoelaces. Then the U.S. women's soccer team joined in with the usual vomit of lectures shaming and self-importance directed at the team's only supporters. True you'd find more fans in an igloo.But it was no surprise that when chief troll Megan Rapinoe got injured on the way to losing the World Cup, she blamed God and God was like, go to hell. But SI was still on it offering up their famous Swimsuit issue to the woke gods. That rag was once a billion dollar empire, bigger than the magazine that spawned it. I still remember as a teenager having paper cuts where a boy should never had a paper cut. My toes.Then in 2014 that swimsuit edition was taken over by woke editor MJ Day, and soon she brought this. Now look, I know beauty is in the eye of the beholder. But my recollection --recollection of the swimsuit issue was more along the lines of Kathy Ireland, not a cover model this size of Ireland. Having taken on fat shaming, the next evil was ageism by having an 82 year old woman grace the cover, which led -- left a lot of readers wondering how long has that model been in the water.But that's Martha Stewart and she's not bad and it made perfect sense. Every sports nut I know is interested in how to make a baked brie to impress your next book club. The 2023 edition also featured a model who was seven months pregnant and a bald black woman who shaved off her hair as a form of protest. To the readers, it wasn't just Tom Brady's footballs that were deflated. You know all that was missing was trans.Oh, yeah. SI featured at least two on the swimsuit edition without indicating that the model were -- were trans. I guess I can only guess how many teenage boys had been emotionally scarred after finding out they rubbed one out to a chick who might have been a New Jersey plumber named Frank. Hi, kid. Finally in November, it was revealed SI was being written, at least in part by an artificial intelligence program. Computers were writing for the mag, which could explain this cover model.Now, as a former magazine editor, I can tell you it's all about market share, and targeting the tiniest of tiny percentages of a population while risking the loss of your entire reader base makes about as much business sense as the NRA hiring Alec Baldwin. Now, of course, it's not just SI that's caught the woke mind virus, look at Forbes. A magazine focused on investing that now manages to be anti-capitalist. What's next? Good Housekeeping, promoting hoarders. GQ, promoting men.Then there's Teen Vogue, Marxist's trash that reads like the Communist Manifesto written in crayon. And word comes now that this year's Super Bowl will once again feature not only the national anthem, but also the black national anthem. Is this really the way to bring the country together a little bit of friendly apartheid? I mean, the Super Bowl unites more people than hating Maroon Five. And these assholes can't leave it alone.Meanwhile on X, the SI swimsuit banner still reads; opening eyes, speaking truths, changing minds, when it should have said covering sports and then shutting (BEEP) up. But -- I'll take it, smattering. But they sure changed the minds of their readership who were heading over to out kick and barstool faster than LeBron chasing a Chinese paycheck. Bottom line, is that CRT, DEI, progressivism wokeism, call it what you will. It's a divisive coercive ideology that will never succeed for exactly those reasons.Then again, for the people who implement it, that is the reason. So (BEEP) them too. Americans don't want to be divided or coerced. They don't want to be told what to believe. raise issues on your own time, not ours. And if you force it down people's throats, they'll throw it back up. It's why the progressives can ruin anything from girls in bikinis to sports. And if we don't stop them, a country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guest. We hired two cars to bring in here tonight. One for him and one for his hair. Former GOP presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy. She's the attorney who puts Libs on a gurney. Host of the Fox True Crime podcast, Emily Compagno. He's got the brain of a comedian but the face of your wife's boyfriend, comedian, Adam Hunter. And like the door of a Boeing 737, she's often unhinged. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf.Vivek, many years ago, you were on this show because you just written a book called 'Woke, Inc,' which was about this very same issue. How much were you correct? And why didn't anybody take your book as a warning sign, I say?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, I meant it as a warning sign. But it seems like these companies took it as a how to --GUTFELD: Yes.RAMASWAMY: Not exactly how I intended at that time. But thing is wokenomics, if we're to call it that, it just doesn't work. If you think about what's happening with Sports Illustrated now, what do you have, you have a man identifying as a woman on the cover? And now you have a bunch of employees who are identifying as unemployed?GUTFELD: Yes.RAMASWAMY: And pretty soon their pronouns are going to be; hire me. And the fact that it's not the transition we're looking for. The transition we're looking for, is back to capitalism. The other thing I want to say about Sports Illustrated, though, is it's not just the woke issue, the AI issue cracked me up a little bit too.GUTFELD: Yeah.RAMASWAMY: You want to know who the czar of AI is in the United States of America, is actually Kamala Harris. So it kind of ties the -- ties the whole thing up is it's the AI itself is actually now embedded with a lot of these woke doctrines. And so the more you -- and these woke journalists, when you actually have woke AI, and I will say that, you know, in the next administration, that means somebody else is going to be in charge of AI, at least make it somebody who can spell AI, I'd start with that.GUTFELD: Yes.RAMASWAMY: But if we get there then I think we get the wokeness out of both the AI in our culture and maybe Sports Illustrated, we'd back in business.GUTFELD: I have to say though in defense, Kamala is artificially intelligent. Emily --RAMASWAMY: Genuinely unintelligent --GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Emily, you were a Raiders cheerleader. So I'm sure that you might have been in the pages of Sports Illustrated.EMILY COMPAGNO, 'OUTNUMBERED' CO-HOST: It was Maxim.GUTFELD: Oh, touch.COMPAGNO: Last time I checked, it's still in business.GUTFELD: Yeah.COMPAGNO: Look, my two takeaways are just like you said, but less eloquently, which is --GUTFELD: Can you talk faster than him?COMPAGNO: Probably. Go woke and go broke, right. And we saw that. So we see that here with Sports Illustrated. And then we saw that with -- with Bud Light, that was a $15,000 ad campaign that they invested in for Dylan Mulvaney. And they lost almost $30 billion. The proof is in the you -- you -- you go woke; you go broke. And then the second takeaway is the AI displacement. And you know, this year or last year, it was 2023, a third of employers said they expect that they're going to give away some jobs to AI. And almost half say that they will, it's the seventh largest contributor to displacement.And to your point, the fact that it's taken on the characteristics of the woke, of the progressive left, because that's who's writing this dribble. It's just going to get more and more and more. I mean, the only good news is that sort of, there's one more swimsuit issue coming out in the spring. But Hailey Davidson is going to be on the cover so that might not be --GUTFELD: Yeah, they don't know who that is.COMPAGNO: You do.GUTFELD: Yes. That's the the -- the male turned female professional golfer. Yes, there you go. I'm a joke translator.COMPAGNO: Yes, exactly.GUTFELD: Adam, was SI a big part of your life?ADAM HUNTER, COMEDIAN: It was. I like -- I remember when Kaepernick was on the cover, I went on and got my wife a jersey so she spends more time on her knees.GUTFELD: You awful, man.HUNTER: But and --GUTFELD: And you applaud that. Disgusting humor. Blaming her husband right now.HUNTER: Like I just think you got to go, if you're going to have a trans people, you got to warn people. Like make it up -- make it a pop up magazine.GUTFELD: See, I thought that was clever.HUNTER: Thank you very much.GUTFELD: Tough crowd today, Adam.HUNTER: Tough crowd. But yeah, they are actually putting Lizzo on next year in a defund the police bikini. But it's not just Sports Illustrated. I was watching like; with my kid we were -- we were watching on Sesame Street like Big Bird has now a body positive bird. Like Kermit won't touch Miss Piggy. He's vegan. You know, you have to get permission from Elmo before you tickle him. It just keeps going.GUTFELD: It does keep going. Kat, my guess is you've never actually opened a hard copy of Sports Illustrated?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No.GUTFELD: No.TIMPF: Can you just put up a picture of that model you said was the size of Ireland?GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: And just so everybody -- um, the amount of people out there acting like you guys like wouldn't have sex with her because of a few extra pounds like, OK.GUTFELD: I didn't say I wouldn't --TIMPF: OK guys, right. Every single one of you, everyone you've ever slept with is better looking than that? Like shut (BEEP). I also think that it had some issues, just because it was a magazine.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I feel like even no matter what the girls and it looked like I don't hear guys being like we got there's hot chicks in that magazine. I got to go out and get me that hot chick magazine so I can look at hot chicks. That was the internet now and things are just different.GUTFELD: Yeah, the other thing though is when it when you're a talented person, you will leave something that's failing. And I think what happens is the people that stay at the product are the woke people because they're the least competent. Because all you have to do is parrot it. So it gets more and more concentrated you know in the -- in the -- in -- whatever product it is what's left, it's almost like a -- it's a zombie product that is engineered by what -- so you have all the smart people are now at -- at barstool or what's the other one?TIMPF: Also, probably companies are probably more scared, those people are going to be the ones who will sue.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true. That's true. You're safe if you're woke. No one will see you. All right. Coming up, up next; Trump carries clout as Ron drops out.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: And so goes Ron, leaving us with Nikki and Don. Ron DeSantis dropped out of the race just two days before the New Hampshire primary, which is too bad because Donald Trump had 27 new insults he was hoping to try. But that's after Ron was polling in single digits in New Hampshire and lost in Iowa to Trump by 30 points. True, he was about as popular in Iowa as a cold sore at a kissing booth. Here he is sounding pretty relieved, it's over with.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RON DESANTIS, FORMER GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: If there was anything I could do to produce a favorable outcome, more campaign stops more interviews, I would do it. But I can't ask our supporters to volunteer their time and donate their resources, if we don't have a clear path to victory. It's clear to me that a majority of Republican primary voters want to give Donald Trump another chance. They watched his presidency gets stymied by relentless resistance and they see Democrats using lawfare this day to attack him. I signed a pledge to support the Republican nominee and I will honor that pledge.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh, disgusting, right. He's actually honoring a pledge and he calls himself a politician. So Trump picks up yet another endorsement. But I wonder if he took the time to congratulate Ron.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH U.S. PRESIDENT: I would like to take time to congratulate Ron DeSantis and, of course, a really terrific person. I have gotten to know, his wife Casey for having run a great campaign for president. He did, he ran a really good campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That is so Donald. But did he though? Between his campaign and the super PAC supporting it, DeSantis spent tens of millions and still got trounced. I haven't seen such a waste of money since Joy Behar had her lips done. But was it really a waste? To me it was worth it. Because for the longest time, the argument was to challenge Trump with the best alternative almost as a stress test, but also to give those who wanted a viable replacement to Trump to have one and they got it. They got a few actually, but it still wasn't nearly enough, Trump won big.And that's despite him being attacked on all fronts, legally and in the media. So there should be no more why are we settling with Trump if you actually had the option and you saw it flounder? It's like saying to America, get off your gas guzzler and embrace this new electric revolution. Well, the option was there and they went with the gas guzzler.Maybe in the future, we will consider it but not right now. So to continue with the car metaphor, Ron was a reliable sedan. But Republicans want a Humvee with monster tires and a built in propane grill that will drive over stalled Priuses, shooting lasers and playing God Bless America with a bald eagle perched on the hood.Vivek, what do you make -- what do you make -- I mean, it's a good point you needed to have -- you needed to have I mean, you can't you -- you guys are great candidates. I mean, you and DeSantis, you were the -- you were the fresh voice, the smartest guy in the room. DeSantis was the best governor. You know, you can't just say, oh, we're stuck with Trump.RAMASWAMY: DeSantis was an excellent governor. I'm not going to knock him. I know how hard of a decision that is to make. It was for me, not a decision that I planned to make until we took about 20 minutes that night and I decided on the spot that night after Iowa, you see the way this is going, let's actually do the right thing for the country. And I'm glad Ron made the right decision as well. I think he has an outstanding future, whatever it is, he's going to have an impact on the country.I got to know him a certain amount through the process. And I'm confident he cares about this country. And he's going to have an impact on our politics going forward.GUTFELD: You guys hang out a lot?RAMASWAMY: We didn't hang out much. Ron -- Ron, wasn't it, you know --GUTFELD: Yeah.RAMASWAMY: You guys -- I think --GUTFELD: Bar hopping?RAMASWAMY: I was down. But I will say that he could be a good attorney general or something like that, to tell you the truth about Ron. But I will say this is there was one part of that that I think we should probably double click on is, I think the super PACs have been all bad for American politics, Democrats, Republicans, it doesn't matter. The amount of money that you said was wasted, I think a lot of that money was wasted.Because I think the voters could have equally had the choice without putting up those plastic 32nd TV ads on networks across the board in Iowa, New Hampshire, it doesn't matter. It's all fake plastic, in the short run moves some numbers. I didn't play that game, I put $30 million of my own hard earned money into the campaign. I wish it didn't have to work that way, either. But it's better than the super PAC.GUTFELD: You could have given that to me. I would've -- I would've put it -- put you on the show every night.RAMASWAMY: Well, you know, once in a while it's good.GUTFELD: Yes.RAMASWAMY: I think it's better for everybody.GUTFELD: Yeah.RAMASWAMY: But I do think that this is -- this an issue that Republicans can own coming out of this is we should be the party that says we want to get the influence of mega money out of politics. We're the party of we the people. And I do think that can be a pivot for our party going forward.GUTFELD: Kat -- Kat, did you like how he said, I want to double click on something?TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: That's why he's like, Vivek.RAMASWAMY: That's why I got like, 8 percent.GUTFELD: Kat, you called me this morning in tears over this. How are you takingTIMPF: I would never call you if I was in tears. You'd be the last person I want to talk to if I was upset.GUTFELD: Because I was laughing. Yeah, yeah. No. How do you take this?TIMPF: Well, look, a lot of people are saying what went wrong here, right. He was such a good governor who handled COVID. So well, how did this go so badly? I think part of it was that he pretty much like never brought that up.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's true.TIMPF: All the COVID stuff and you know, the freedom that Florida had. He was, you know, instead of talking about that, he was like, I'm going to run against drag queens. He got so when did the drag queens are bad and the Disney is bad, that honestly, I'm all for the parents right stuff. That's not what I'm talking about. He went so far, that some of that was actually anti-parents' rights. Like some of the laws were like, you can't bring your child into what is an adult performance as determined by the government.I just don't want the government to tell me where I can bring my kids if I had them. Stay tuned, maybe someday. But one guy's like, do it. But, yeah, I think he wasn't even really that focused on the right things. So but also, I think it was going to be Trump no matter what. No offense, Vivek.TIMPF: What do you say, Adam? You're an astute political analyst.HUNTER: Astute. I don't know. I think his polls are off. I've seen better looking polls in our Montana strip club. And that's in the day shift. But it's crazy because people are going to vote for Nikki Haley, some people just because she's a woman. Because we had our first black president and we had our first orange president and you know now we have our first dead president. But I think anyone's better than now I live in California and like gas is so expensive, people are doing walk by shootings, you know.Like, there's more needles on the ground than Nancy Pelosi's forehead. It's this -- I don't know why you dropped out. You were doing good.RAMASWAMY: Thank you. I appreciate it.HUNTER: You should have stuck in there. But I don't know. I don't know what's going to happen.GUTFELD: What about you, Emily? You get the last word.COMPAGNO: It just always strikes me as so -- it's really impressive to me when candidates, you know, suspend their campaign, and then all of a sudden everyone else is like, I'm so honored to have your endorsement. Like, everything's fine. I guess it's the Sicilian in me, but if someone even looks at me wrong, I'm like, I wish you nothing but death forever. Like to her, I'm like, oh, my gosh, you guys are such big hearts. I think what's really interesting actually is what might, well it probably will happen in New Hampshire.So we know that Trump was ahead of Nikki by 17 points even before DeSantis dropped out, right. So the question remains, how many Independents and Democrats will Haley get. But to me, the bigger question is the fact that Biden's not actually on the ticket. And we have someone named Dean Phillips running, who's running hilarious ads of Sasquatch looking for the President. Where is he? Because he's nowhere. And I think it's really going to be interesting how well he does, because that might be what induces other sort of big name Democrats to step in and be like Biden, get out of the way. So --GUTFELD: Did you notice that Dean Phillips and DeSantis are never in the same room.COMPAGNO: Oh, my God.RAMASWAMY: It's bizarre, right.GUTFELD: It's bizarre, and they are Dead Ringers, put that in post, pictures together. No, I am serious, they look exactly --RAMASWAMY: I noticed that.GUTFELD: Yeah, it's creepy.HUNTER: It's like Sasquatch and Joy Behar.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. How dare you impugn Sasquatch? All right. Up next; the leftist nuts face a budget cuts.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Thank you, you kids. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it.The socialists are out of dough, so maybe it's time to eat some crow. According to "The New York Post", the Democratic Socialist Party of America is facing a seven-figure budget crisis, seven figures Kat, and could lay off staff due to their staunch pro-Palestinian stance. Times are so tough, members are having to sell having to sell their hammers and sickles eBay.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And they can't even afford matches. Now when they want to burn a flag, they have to rub two sticks together. The Democratic Socialists are behind the massive anti-Israel, pro-Hamas protests that have caused widespread chaos and traffic jams across the country since the October 7th massacre in Israel. But anyone could have figured out that the only people blocking highways, they didn't have jobs or a reason for living. I'd call these dumbasses sheep, except sheep get groomed once a year.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes, go ahead, I'll take it. I'll take it.But all that ultra America hating, terrorist supporting radicalism has come back to bite them in the ass, and it couldn't happen to a nicer bunch of goosestepping antisemites. The organization is asking for volunteers to leave, and if needed, layoffs could come next week. That's terrible. If you're going to be a socialist, you should get paid for it.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But how is this surprising? The idea of a socialist being able to manage a budget is like trusting your meal plan to Lizzo. I know, terrible. The good news, though, departing staff will receive a free Che Guevara t- shirt in lieu of health care benefits.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Adam, I was thinking about this. If, OK, let's say you are an employee at the socialist organization, shouldn't you offer to cut your salary in half? So shouldn't I say, they she should get half my salary so they stay? Isn't that what a socialist --HUNTER: It's such an oxymoron, Democratic Socialist. It is like bangable Hillary Clinton.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: But some of these groups like Queers for Palestine, which is like Chris Christie for salads.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: And people saying, free Palestine. I'm Jewish. Stop saying that. We love a good deal.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: But it is ridiculous. People just assume that if you're not as economically well off, then you're the underdog. And you root for the underdog, the white guy in basketball, the black guy in hockey, the Asian guy in porn.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Emily, in a way, the socialists did exactly as I did. They pushed their brand into areas that alienated their core audience. Like, if you are a progressive socialist Jew, are you thrilled to see them supporting "Death to Israel" chants?COMPAGNO: No, and what I found so fascinating was just the sheer cost of these socialist, to your point. So they said 60 percent of their budget were to pay for staff, and that was over half-a-million dollars. Why is it so expensive? Because these guys are showing up in Davos and the Grammys. So they are literally spending apparently almost half-a-million dollars on like the most expensive plane tickets and train tickets and whatever to show up at the most coveted spots for everywhere to protest Palestine and Israel.So obviously, I am glad they are disappearing, but I feel like no one gets the irony throughout the conversation of that they are socialists begging for others to bail them out to pay their bills.GUTFELD: Exactly. Kat, they needed to have a libertarian capitalist on their staff, at least as their accountant or something.TIMPF: I'm actually not very good at math.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Yes, like money costs money, you know. I don't understand how they would be able to successfully brand themselves as being altruistic when it's not their own money that they want to give to people. It is like when those people say, I'm always down for adventure. It's like, no, no, no, you just don't have any responsibilities.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I would also like to be in Bali right now. You are not special. But that is reality. And that's what most of us are saying when we're saying, hey, you have to be careful with spending because stuff cost money, and they say you're a jerk, but that's just reality talking.GUTFELD: Vivek, how will they find work now? Is this something that you see on a resume and go, I want this person?RAMASWAMY: Not my cup of tea, personally, when I'm hiring. But I'll tell you, when I heard the story today, somebody said DSA is firing a bunch of people, and I heard that it was TSA. And I was thrilled. I called TSA "Thousands standing around."(LAUGHTER)RAMASWAMY: And then it's DSA, and I'm like, oh, it is really just Democrats standing around.(LAUGHTER)RAMASWAMY: Which is what the organization has been. And so my intellectual hero is Friedrich Von Hayek. He wrote "The Constitution of Liberty."GUTFELD: "Road to Serfdom."RAMASWAMY: That's right. And that is what that road to serfdom looks like is it's that picture right there. That is the road to serfdom right there. But what he said if socialists understood economics, they wouldn't be socialists. Well, maybe they are not going to be socialists right now. When they are out of a job, they might realize how things actually work. And a lot of those people are so young. If you listen to what they were chanting, even when they were chanting, this is really bizarre, revealing, when they were chanting "Intifada," which is supposed to be their word for "uprising," calling for the end of Israel, you listen really careful to some of that audio, they were chanting on many of these campuses, "Infitada" (ph). Like they didn't even know the word that they were chanting.GUTFELD: That's like a new product on Taco Bell. I will have an infitada (ph).(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, Fetterman's brain grows back, pissing off progressive hacks.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can you see John Fetterman as the next V.P.? We can.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Is it too much of a leap to see Fetterman as Veep? It's not a joke. Fetterman got smarter after his stroke, as Dems take offense at Fetterman's common sense. Democrat Senator John Fetterman, former darling of the left, now says progressive left him. It's true, as his party becomes more radical, Fetterman has come under attack for refusing to support their insane positions. The guy had to get literal brain damage in order to realize that his party is a mess.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: And it has caused controversy that he just doesn't understand.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN, (D-PA): I honestly don't understand why it's controversial to say we need a secure border. And I think two things can be true at the same time. You can be very supportive of immigration, but we also need to have a secure border. And I really, I think about immigration is we want to provide the American dream for any migrant. But it seems very difficult when you have 300,000 people showing up encountered at our border to do that. And I think we need to do a reset and we have to work together and develop a new comprehensive solution to that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It's beautiful, actually.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: The Democrats created a monster and now he is training on them. As he recovered his mind, they left him behind. And who would have thought having a stroke would be the best thing that ever happened to him? Could it be Fetterman's stroke was a stroke of genius?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Whatever they did in his therapy, spread it around. There's plenty in Washington who could benefit from it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I also want to mention Congressman Deborah Ross. Where is Deborah? I just had my picture taken with her.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: That is probably why she left.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: All kidding aside, but anyway, oh, she couldn't be here, actually. That's not true. I got mixed up.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow, so I was just hanging out with somebody who wasn't really there.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Emily, I have to be honest, I still feel pretty bad for making fun of Fetterman. I feel like I need to make public and private amends or something, because it turns out that he is like, he actually was probably doing -- dealing with a lot of stuff, and now he is like, sensible. But way a minute. What's happening to me?(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: I know.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I'm being a jerk. Let's party.(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: I just -- first of all, I will say this. I am always grateful for anyone holding an elected position and for his point, a Senate position, that has common sense. So thank you. That aside, I feel like we just watched someone go through puberty in real time on our dime. I don't want to watch someone who sees the light and comes to Jesus who in 2020 tweeted Jeb Bush, like I'm the real progressive and I'm the most progressive, and in his race said, vote for me, I'm the most progressive. He has been sort of a hack for many years and claiming that he is the most progressive. And now that we are realizing or we are watching him realize that, yes, you have to have a bit of common sense, and they have left me. That's what -- that identity crisis is what is happening to a lot of Democrats.But sort of watching it happen and feeling like now we're supposed to applaud, I'm just grateful that someone who has a "D" before his name might actually be voting for common sense, but I don't feel like witnessing the progression. Like just get something done then.GUTFELD: All right, what you think, Vivek? Should we give him the benefit of the doubt, or should we crush him like a bug the way Emily feels?RAMASWAMY: My background before was in biotech, and I will say that every neurologist needs to study this man's brain, because what happened is nothing short of a miracle.(LAUGHTER)RAMASWAMY: And I will also say if this means more Democrats need to wear hoodies, get rid of suits and bring it out. I'm fine with that.(APPLAUSE)RAMASWAMY: Whatever gets the job done. I'm in this for the country. And so if somebody is saying the right thing and headed in the right direction and it's earnest, and I was watching him. And my first instinct, is this some kind of shtick? I didn't get the sense that it is. And so anybody who has an earnest, heartfelt change, sometimes I think a lot of politicians create a box for themselves, because they weren't thinking when they were reading what their super PACs handed them as their script. But then they show up and occasionally they actually say, wait a minute. I was just reading that script and I actually have independent thoughts. I think we've got to applaud that, or else we create a disincentive for more people to do it.And the other thing is the border now is officially a nonpartisan issue, as it should have been in the first place. That is a good thing, and we should celebrate it. And I think that if we own closing the border as a leading issue going into this campaign from places like New York City to where we are across this country, I think this could be a landslide win. And if John Fetterman proves it, keep that hoodie coming, brother. We're happy to have you.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, the opening thing said Fetterman as Veep. Wouldn't it be hilarious if Trump chose him across the aisle, said, I want this fellow over here, big guy, John?TIMPF: I don't think that will happen. I agree with you, I think independent thought should be encouraged. I think that just because someone has thoughts outside their party doesn't mean that they are now in the other one. It means they're thinking independently.But I'm just a little upset about the video we just watched. Was the president hallucinating?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: And we're supposed to just be OK with that?GUTFELD: He was --TIMPF: Why isn't anyone going to tell us what happened?GUTFELD: I don't know.TIMPF: If I started hallucinating on TV, people would ask questions.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. That is like an outtake from "The Six Sense."TIMPF: He's like, oh, no, I took a picture with her. He goes, wait a minute, I can't be, she's not here. I just -- so why did you think that you did?GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Why did you take that you did? If she's not here, ask -- it's very simple. Why did you think you took a picture with her when she was not there? Did you see her at some point and think she was there? Were you thinking of another time?(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: I know this stuff happens all the time. It happens all the time, so a lot of people are like, oh, that's just Joe being Joe again.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That's not enough for me. That's not enough for me. Why did he think he took a picture with somebody that was not there?GUTFELD: I know. I bet that is the first time people have seen that. It was like it was buried. It was buried, much like, well, there was a joke I was going to make. But you know what, I'm just going to leave the jokes to Adam.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: A part of me thinks Fetterman is just jealous that the migrants are just better than him. Good will sends him clothes.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: But he is right about the border. It is more open than Will Smith's marriage right now.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: But I don't know if we are going to solve it. I think that we need to capitalize it. I think we need should put obstacle course on the border, film it, call it Mexican ninja warrior.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I like it. I like it.All right, up next, can Taylor take a hint about her carbon footprint?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Taylor Swift buys carbon indulgences. Kat, Taylor Swift offsets her jet's carbon footprint by buying credits from developing countries, also known as carbon indulgences. Is this a way for her to alleviate her guilt so she can still fly private?TIMPF: Guilt -- I don't even think -- I think when this story came out that's how she found out she was doing this.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: And it's not a slam against her at all. She is so rich and successful that she doesn't, like, know where her money goes. She has a team of people managing it. And they thought of this.And also, when people hate on people for flying private, it's just like -- you would if you could.GUTFELD: She can't fly public or commercial, right. That would be like you taking the bus, which you do.HUNTER: A hundred 100 percent.(LAUGHTER)HUNTER: Taylor Swift has got more hits than Hunter Biden's crack pipe.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Vivek? This is basically designed for the rich to excuse the behavior that they condemn in others. So they can say Vivek flew around, blah, blah, blah. So did you. And they're like, yes, but I have carbon offsets.RAMASWAMY: I fly around privately and I don't use carbon offsets.(LAUGHTER)RAMASWAMY: I think carbon dioxide is actually plant food, and this is something we should be happy about. People forget a lot of the basic facts. The amount of carbon dioxide in the earth's atmosphere is, relatively speaking, low compared to much of the earth's history, much of human history. These people fly in a private jet to Davos to muse about the racially disparate impact to climate change. These two things don't make sense. I would tell Taylor Swift, listen, you're flying private, you're emitting some carbon. Just shake it off, you know?(LAUGHTER)RAMASWAMY: That's what I'd say. Emit some methane.GUTFELD: Terrible.RAMASWAMY: That would be my advice, that would be my advice to her.GUTFELD: You worked in a Taylor Swift song. You know how I hate that.HUNTER: Now we have bad blood.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Stop it!RAMASWAMY: Blank space? I can't work that one in.GUTFELD: Stop it! You are a grown man, grown men!(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You're not supposed to know the name Taylor Swift songs! Only Emily -- Emily, you don't listen to Taylor Swift.COMPAGNO: I don't. But you guys, on this topic, I applaud her. Here's why.GUTFELD: Why?COMPAGNO: Because she is walking the walk. She has all this money, and she stands for certain values that she deems correct in her mind. Irrespective of the accuracy or the efficiency or whatever, she's doing what she is claiming that she should do. I actually think this is great. And even if she just found out about it today, that means that she has employed a team around her where she says, these are the values we stand for, and make sure it happens.GUTFELD: You are trying to get tickets to her show.(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: No, I'm not. No, I'm not, I swear, I'm not.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I am never -- oh, my God, Emily. You are pathetic.(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: No. I am wrongly accused. Good for her. Like she's doing -- anyone?GUTFELD: That's so cute.COMPAGNO: Whatever.GUTFELD: Shut up, Emily.Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: All right, we have time for one quick thought. Vivek?RAMASWAMY: Last time I was in Iowa at a gas station, Greg, and you told me to bring you some of Fanta. So I thought I would give you a sip of Iowa's finest.(LAUGHTER)RAMASWAMY: There you go. Ask and ye shall receive.GUTFELD: You know what, this is my orange juice. It's natural, Fanta. Delicious. You know what Fanta tastes like? Bayer children's aspirin.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: God, I love those.All right, we are out of time. Thank you, Vivek, Emily, Adam Hunter, Kat Timpf, studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)