SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thank you, Martha.And this FOX News Alert: Georgia Republican Governor Brian Kemp just announcing plans to send more U.S. troops to the Texas border to help fellow Governor Greg Abbott deal with the migrant crisis there.And now he's here in the first interview since making that announcement. Governor Kemp is coming up.But, first, this, FOX on top of a major winter storm ramping up, as stocks come tumbling down on fears inflation is sticking around. More on that coming up.First that nor'easter, though, impacting more than 40 million people at this hour in its path from West Virginia to Massachusetts, up to a foot of snow in some parts, the storm also wreaking havoc on travel, triggering thousands of flight delays and cancellations across the country.And welcome, everyone. I'm Sandra Smith, in for Neil Cavuto, and this is "Your World."We have got FOX team coverage with Katie Byrne in Plymouth, Massachusetts, where they are still dealing with it, and meteorologist Adam clots in the FOX Weather Center with the fallout from it.We begin with Katie.What are we seeing, Katie?KATIE BYRNE, FOX MULTIMEDIA JOURNALIST: Hi, Sandra.Well, here along the cape, we're seeing a much more wind-driven snow, though sometimes it's hard to make out the snow from the sea spray because look at these huge waves behind me. We're watching some of this water crash over the seawall and lead to some coastal flooding.Right here, we have got a parking lot underwater. So not only are people dealing with snow, but also -- also flooding potentials. Where we are here along the cape in Plymouth, we're not in the lead for snow totals by any means. That's where you're going to see parts of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Connecticut over there.They have got over a foot in some places. In Hartford, Connecticut, you could see how much snow there was there. And it even led to some slippery road conditions in the state there in Newtown. A semitruck actually lost control after hitting a guardrail because of those slick road conditions.Now, this has been an interesting storm, because what happened was, really within 24 hours of the snow starting, the forecast models shifted south. So, while some places like Boston were preparing for up to a foot of snow, they ended up with more rain than anything else.And that meant that some people were overprepared, while others were maybe caught off guard.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL (Boston Resident): Other than those cold days we have had, but I have got long underwear on, I got this waterproof jacket on, waterproof boots. I'm all set for everything.(END VIDEO CLIP)BYRNE: Yes, as far as outages go right now, we're seeing the wind here lead to some here along the cape. We have got nearly 20,000 without power across the state of Massachusetts.Most are people who live along the water, but in the lead for outages is Pennsylvania, with more or nearly 100,000 customers without power there -- guys.SMITH: Yes, to that resident Paul there in Boston, no such thing as bad weather, just bad clothing, right?(LAUGHTER)SMITH: Katie, thank you so much live from Plymouth, Mass., for us.The storm hitting travelers hard.To meteorologist Adam Klotz. He's in the FOX Weather Center with more on that and where this storm is heading next, Adam.ADAM KLOTZ, FOX NEWS METEOROLOGIST: Hey there, Sandra.Yes, travelers, indeed, especially travelers out there on the roadways, right, because those are some of the folks who've really been dealing with at times some pretty big snowfall totals, this is what we're looking at, Connecticut, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania.Pretty much all of them got up on the high end around the 15-inch range, so well over a foot of snow on some of those roadways. This is that system. It's been a really fast mover, so those areas I was just talking about, you were already out of the snow. New York's also out of the snow, but it wasn't before we saw a whole bunch of cancellations.These are largely just looking at some of the New York area airports, including you're getting Hartford, Connecticut, as well, but the big delays there, over 1,000 at some of the New York area airports, lots of delays as well.Snowy conditions moved on through out into the Brooklyn area. You saw six inches of snow in Central Park, only three inches. Where is this system right now? Well, we still have a winter storm watch across portions of Massachusetts.As I told you, this is quickly moving, so it's already dragging out a whole lot of these areas. This is that future forecast. It is almost out of here. We're going to watch this continue to push out over the next couple of hours before clearing off.I will leave you with what we expect once this exits the area. Maybe a lot of folks have noticed, in some of these areas, it has been a mix of rain and snow because it's been so warm here the last several days. Well, this is what the temperatures fall to overnight.So, Sandra, you can imagine this. We see plenty of soggy roadways, temperatures 30 degrees in New York City, other areas dropping down into the 20s. Anything that has melted so far is going to turn to ice. That's going to make for slick roadways this evening and slick roadways tomorrow morning. Could also bring down some power lines, so we could still see some more impacts from this, even though the storm is moving on out.SMITH: Hey, Adam Klotz, not over yet, right?KLOTZ: Right.SMITH: OK, so FOX Weather is your winter storm headquarters. Watch for full coverage of this latest nor'easter. Go to FOXWeather.com -- .TV -- I'm sorry -- to find out how to stream live, always on, always free, best information you can get on the weather out there.And now from snow coming down to stocks falling down, those hot inflation numbers casting new doubts over when interest rates might start coming down and when consumers can start catching a break.The read from Scott Martin of Kingsview Asset Management.Scott, great to see you today.All right, so there's the Big Board, down 524. So it didn't finish off as bad as it was. At one point today, it was down more than 700 points. It was starting to look a little scary there. But you're talking about losing about half of this year's gains so far. So what's the worry?SCOTT MARTIN, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, the worry is the numbers, as you mentioned, the fact that we were worse, Sandra, and now we're maybe feeling a little bit better into the close here.But the reality is this. If you look back at the markets over the last year, the S&P up about 20 percent. You look at the Nasdaq, where your tech stocks are, ladies and gentlemen, up 40 percent. It's really not that bad of a day considering how well we have been doing of late, but the market is very attuned to what the Fed's going to do going forward.The market is very attuned to what inflation numbers are going to do going forward, and very attuned to what interest rates are going to do going forward. So, the market getting its hopes up, let's say, as they were certainly some weeks ago about the Fed making, say, six rate cuts, my goodness this year, and now maybe down to four, maybe down to two or zero, is scaring the market into thinking, oh, my gosh, liquidity's not going to flow back in the market.And, therefore, some of those weak hands are selling their stocks today.SMITH: Well, I mean, this administration likes to tout that in recent employment reports, we have seen wages ticking up, but that's not always what you want to see when you're trying to bring inflation down. If wages are going up in this inflationary environment, doesn't that just lead to more spending and more inflation?MARTIN: That's very true, and those dollars chase fewer goods, and therefore the prices have to go up just naturally, and so maybe Joe Biden can talk to some more family friends and figure out what the price of milk and eggs and cheese are, like he did with that pound of ground beef a couple years ago to figure out things were actually very expensive for the consumer.What the administration could do, Sandra, as you know, is get out of the way, get out of the way of regulations, get out of the way of taxes, and let the businesses create things, let demand come back, but let the consumers and the small business owners take over here, instead of getting involved and ruining prices, as we have seen them do.SMITH: That's not exactly what we are seeing, right? We have seen the president come out in recent days and highlight shrinkflation and call on the companies to put the amount of cereal back in the box and to bring those prices down.And I said when he made that announcement, who's going to tell him that's not the way our free markets work, right, Scott?MARTIN: It's not at all.And, frankly, Sandra, if you see the government getting involved in things in the past, where they look at the last 10, 20, 30 years, that's when things go wrong. The government getting out of the way and saying, hey, Mr. and Mrs. Business, you handle this, hey, Mr. and Mrs. Consumer, you deal with this, that's the way that prices will work themselves out naturally, not coming involved like they are right now.SMITH: All right, maybe we get a pop back in the market tomorrow. What's your prediction?MARTIN: I think so too. I think we're going to get a pop maybe towards the end of the week, but the market is telling us that there's a little bit of maybe over, say, doneness in the market as -- just as far as how we have performed this year.So I would expect things to come back in a little bit more, but that's just a buying opportunity for long-term investors.SMITH: Hang on tight. Scott Martin, good to see you. Thank you.MARTIN: See you.SMITH: All right, from persistent inflation to ongoing questions over President Joe Biden's mental fitness, what is the White House saying now?But, first, Georgia Republican Governor Brian Kemp just announcing more troops will be heading to Texas to help the state combat the surge in illegal crossings. Fresh off his major announcement, Governor Kemp will join us live next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: Georgia Republican Governor Brian Kemp just announcing a major effort to help Texas Republican Governor Greg Abbott with the crisis at the border, the state now preparing to send more National Guard troops to Texas.Governor Kemp joining us now for his first interview following that announcement.Governor Kemp, welcome to you. Thanks for coming on.So, please do tell us, what is the plan here with U.S. troops to the border?GOV. BRIAN KEMP (R-GA): Well, listen, we're just sending reinforcements to Texas.I was down on the border standing with Governor Abbott and a bunch of other Republican governors just recently to really show the success that he's having using state resources. A lot of states are trying to help in this effort, because we know that every state now is a border state, Sandra, and so we're going to have 14 or 15 people go in probably later in the spring to help the governor with a forward -- set up a forward command post.We're still waiting for the written request from -- through our Georgia Emergency Management Agency that we will get from Texas, but we know we're going to send them. We know we want to help. We know this is a national issue. And, unfortunately, the president could fix this, but he's not acting.SMITH: What do you believe the impact will be of sending more U.S. troops to the border, Governor?KEMP: Well, listen, we have had people down there since 2019, and I have been down there five times.I have seen when the federal government and the state governments were cooperating, working together. Sandra, and saw how successful that was and how it flowed the tide of illegal immigration and mass migration coming across our southern border.And then I was down there recently to see what Texas had done and how successful that was, but that's one state. We got a bunch of other states that have borders with Mexico that needs to be secure, and they're not acting, and we need the federal -- this is a federal government issue, and this is not a partisan issue.So, sending our soldiers down there is going to help Texas be able to do their job a little bit better. It also shows our support and continues, I think, to keep pressure on the White House that they could change course, redo some of the executive orders that they have, implement policies that have worked in the past that Republican governors over a year ago talked about implementing and giving suggestions to the president, offering to meet with him.But they're just not acting up there. They don't either -- they don't get it or they don't want to fix the problem, one of the two.SMITH: Well, sending troops, more troops on your behalf to the Texas border obviously is a big sign that you see the federal government not fixing this problem.Where do you see this impeachment process with Mayorkas going?KEMP: Yes, look, I wouldn't be able to speak to the internal dealings in the House with the impeachment.I just know that, regardless of what's going on in Washington, D.C., there's been a lot of dysfunction up there lately, but the president can act, regardless of all of that, while the Congress continues to work.I said over a year ago that, while there was a bipartisan immigration bill being worked on, we just need to secure the dang border. And the president wouldn't do that. And I'm saying that now. Regardless of what's going on in the Congress, the president can act and help solve this problem.And, look, governors like me stand willing to help and to be able to add resources to help him do that. We just need him to act.SMITH: OK.Before I let you go on that, how many troops and for how long will they be there?KEMP: It'll be -- we think it's going to be about 15 troops. This will be specialized folks, engineering, general purpose troops that will help set up a command post for working with the state of Texas.We're looking at later in the spring, and they will probably be there for a couple of months or as long as they need them to. We're waiting on the final request from Texas. I mean, we don't want to just send people down there to be sitting around. We want to send them down there with a mission. And we will get that from Governor Abbott and his team and we will be there to help.SMITH: All right, Governor, thank you.As I sort of switch gears here to the special counsel Robert Hur's report on President Biden, the White House still is on defense over his mental fitness. We have seen it all week. It doesn't seem like this discussion is going away any time soon.Do you, sir, think President Biden is mentally fit to serve a second term in office?KEMP: Well, I would say I definitely don't see this issue going away for the president or for the Democrats.I mean, look, they're up in arms about the Hur report. There's Republicans mad because the president wasn't charged or indicted. I think the reason was pretty clear why he wasn't, and that was just the mental acuity of the president and the concern for getting a conviction.But the bottom line, Sandra, look, both sides are a little bit upset about the report and making political arguments. The thing is, to me, the American people are seeing every day the same things that I'm seeing and the concern and lack of leadership with this president. And securing our border is just one example of that.SMITH: Governor, finally, you recently warned the 2024 presidential election should not be a race to the bottom, your words.What exactly did you mean by that? And is that where you see things going?KEMP: Well, I just think we need to tell, as Republicans -- I'm a big believer in telling people what we're for and what we're going to do and stay focused on the future and win the election.We showed in 2022 in Georgia, if we talk about issues and our record and promises that we're going to make on the campaign trail and implementing those like we did last year during the legislative session and what we're doing this year during the legislative session to help our people fight through Joe Biden's 40-year high inflation, disaster at the border, a lot of other crazy things that are going on in the country and in the world, people will -- they will vote for us, and we will win the election.So we don't need to just be talking bad about by the other side. We need to give people a reason to vote for us based on issues. And that's really what I was talking about over the weekend.SMITH: Well, I have got to leave it there, but does that mean, should Donald Trump win the nomination, he will get your support?KEMP: Well, I have said for a long time I would support the nominee, but also believe, I have said for a long time, for us to win, you got to stay focused on the future and not look in the rearview mirror.SMITH: Got it, Governor. Appreciate your time today. Thank you very much for joining us.KEMP: Take care.SMITH: All right.President Joe Biden is still facing that age-old issue over his mental fitness. And Gerry Baker suggests White House aides are only compounding it. He will tell us why.But, first, what is the White House saying today to Jacqui Heinrich on that?Hello, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Sandra.Well, they're not ruling out the possibility of proving their claims that the age commentary in the special counsel's report was politically motivated by accommodating GOP requests in the House to provide transcripts of the president's interview.And the president gave unscheduled remarks today, and in it tacitly acknowledged the elephant in the room, that we all have a lot of remaining questions -- that coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: The Senate passing that $95 billion Senate foreign aid bill. Now its fate rests in the House.How does Florida Republican Congressman think it will unfold? He is coming up.We are back in 60 seconds.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: No rest for the White House, as it keeps fielding questions about President Biden's mental fitness.Jacqui Heinrich is there. She's got the very latest for us.Hello, Jacqui.HEINRICH: Hey, Sandra.The president gave unscheduled remarks this afternoon, somewhat unusual for this administration, and the second time since the special counsel's report. But Biden's performance in that evening press conference the last time he addressed these concerns was widely panned by critics as hurting his case that his memory was fine.And, today, the press secretary made clear that his decision that night to go out in front of the cameras at 8:00 was his.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: It was the president's idea. Yes, he wanted to...QUESTION: It was his idea?JEAN-PIERRE: It was his idea.QUESTION: Did anyone advise him against it?JEAN-PIERRE: I'm not going to get into private conversations that the president has. The president is the president of the United States. If he says he wants to speak to -- directly to the American people, he's going to do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: House Republicans want to keep this age issue front and center, reportedly launching a weeks- or months-long probe to keep questions about Biden's mental state in the headlines, beginning with asking for transcripts of the special counsel's interview with Biden, among other things.One Republican source told Axios -- quote -- "They don't think it even matters what they find. Any fight will make the White House look bad and keep a huge Biden vulnerability in the headlines."Now, the White House is not outright rejecting that request just yet. They're putting the president in front of the camera more as well. This afternoon, he was pushing the House to pass the Senate's national security supplemental.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Say to the House members, House Republicans, you got to decide, are you going to stand up for freedom, or are you going to side with terror and tyranny? You going to stand with Ukraine, or you going to stand with Putin?Will you stand with America or Trump?(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: Now, the president told us before he began his remarks that he would not be taking questions today because he doesn't want to distract from what he wants the focus to be, which is defending democracies from tyranny.And that was a tacit acknowledgement that all of us have a lot of remaining questions about his age and all of the fallout from this report. He did say, though, he will take our questions tomorrow and the next day, Sandra.SMITH: OK, we will see if that happens, Jacqui Heinrich on that for us.Jacqui, thank you.To The Wall Street Journal's editor at large, Gerry Baker, now saying, look no further than Biden's team ripping special counsel Robert Hur to know his findings hit the mark.Gerry Baker joining us now to explain for himself.What do you mean, Gerry?GERRY BAKER, HOST, "WALL STREET JOURNAL AT LARGE": Well, thanks very much again for having me, Sandra.Yes, the point is that what was so striking about the incredibly coordinate, well-coordinated and aggressive response from Democrats to the special counsel Robert Hur's report last week was, they didn't really take issue -- well, they tried to take issue, some of them, with the -- with some of the details in there and claim that anybody can forget when their child died or when they were vice president.I have never been vice president, but I'm pretty certain I remember when I was. But they did a little bit of that, but, more than that, they attacked the messenger. They said this was completely inappropriate for Robert Hur to talk about this, because somehow he's not qualified to.I mean, Hur was making a judgment on the basis of what he saw and heard, and made a judgment on that basis about whether or not the president should stand prosecution when he leaves office.The problem, Sandra, is that the more they talk about this, the more they tell us the president's fine, everything's fine, the more they're asking us not to believe our own eyes and ears. We can all see. And just in that last clip that played there in Jacqui Heinrich's report, he stumbled over his words again.He gives that impression. He looks into the camera like he's kind of lost and is not really sure what's coming next or what may -- he's supposed to do next. And, look, I'm not -- I don't want to overstate it. The man is an 81-year-old man. He's lived a very long life, and I wish him all the best health-wise.But they really have to stop trying to gaslight the American people into believing supposedly that this is a man who's at the height of his powers, when we can all see that he isn't.SMITH: At times, their defense, the White House, has been, well, he rides a bike.At what point do you think they're going to be -- they're going to insist that there's a cognitive test of some sort for this president to continue?BAKER: Yes, I suspect they will try and do something. I mean, this is -- but this is the problem.They know that the only way really to really combat these concerns that 86 percent of Americans have, according to a poll last week that the president is unfit, is mentally unfit to do the job, the only way they can do that is by putting him out there in a kind of stressful situation, in an interview, an extended interview, in an extended press conference.But they know that every time they do that, they're taking an incredible risk, as we saw last week, again. You just heard Jacqui reporting that it was the president's own idea to go out there last Thursday before the press to show that he was capable to, because he was furious about the Hur report and to show that he was actually on top of his game.And, of course, he went out there, he looked angry, and then, of course, he made that memorable, very, very memorable, the only thing really anyone will ever remember about that press conference, the gaffe where he confused Egypt and Mexico.SMITH: Yes.BAKER: That's the problem.They -- in order to allay these concerns that people have, they have to take an extraordinary risk, which could end up making those concerns even greater. So they have got to find a way to do it, whether it's -- I mean, nobody believes a cognitive test.By the way, nobody believes when everybody gets out there and says, the president, when I see him, he's -- in private, he's amazing, he's sharp. Well, he's not like that in public. Why isn't he like that in public? What explains this extraordinary difference between his public persona and how he behaves in private?SMITH: Not to mention now the...BAKER: They have got to find a way, I think, in the next few months to address that.SMITH: The more they push back on him taking questions, like yesterday with the king of Jordan, no questions were taken at the White House, today, speaking on the foreign aid bill, he did not take questions, but promised he would later.That's going to put more and more scrutiny on him every time he does take a question or two.Gerry, earlier today, I did have this opportunity to speak with GOP presidential candidate Nikki Haley, and she talked about the age issue, but not just related to President Joe Biden. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This is a chance to get our country right. The party that leaves their 80-year-old candidate behind is the party that will win. Mark my words. It is hugely important that we get a new, generational conservative leader in the White House that leaves the baggage and the negativity behind.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: Gerry, that was clearly not only a reference to Joe Biden, but also the GOP front-runner for the nomination right now, Donald Trump.BAKER: Yes, look she's making that case. Democrats are trying to make that case.We have all seen Donald Trump say some strange things, get names mixed up too, like when he mixed up Nikki Haley and Nancy Pelosi. The problem with that, Sandra, is, it doesn't wear with the American people. It doesn't convince people.People see Trump. Yes, he says some strange things at times, but he seems to be vigorous, in control of at least -- at least of his own immediate movements. He seems to be -- he projects forcefulness. You don't have to like what he says, but he projects strength.Biden does not. Biden projects frailty, memory loss, aging, senility, let's be honest. And people -- it's always...SMITH: Right.BAKER: The troubles that presidential candidates have are always those that play to their weaknesses.SMITH: Yes.BAKER: Trump's weakness is not his age. Trump's got many other weaknesses. We can talk about that.But Biden's weakness is his age. And every time he goes out there and reveals something quite disturbing about his age and his mental state, that hurts him.SMITH: Yes.BAKER: It doesn't hurt Trump.SMITH: All right, Gerry Baker on that for us.Gerry, I appreciate your time. Thank you.BAKER: Thank, Sandra.SMITH: And we want to take you now to Capitol Hill. What's the fate of that $95 billion Senate foreign aid bill we just mentioned? Florida Republican Congressman Mike Waltz will tell us coming up.And what is the fate of a second House vote to impeach DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas?To Aishah Hasnie now -- Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sandra, well, House Republicans think that they're going to be able to do this tonight, and their secret weapon is Steve Scalise.I caught up with him, and I'm going to show you what he says about the chances of this going through tonight.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: House Republicans giving their impeachment push another go. A second vote could come tonight to try and impeach DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas over his handling of the border crisis.Do they have the numbers this time? That is the question.Aishah Hasnie is keeping count on Capitol Hill for us.What do we know, Aishah?HASNIE: Hey there, Sandra. Good to see you.Well, if everyone is here tonight, then the magic number is 216, and Majority Leader Steve Scalise could be the 216th vote tonight. I caught up with him as he returned to Capitol Hill after cancer treatment, and I asked him what he thought about tonight's vote, he wouldn't give me a definitive answer on whether or not this was going to pass tonight. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Are you going to seal the deal today on this Mayorkas impeachment?REP. STEVE SCALISE (R-LA): We're going to bring it up in a few hours. So it'll be the second vote tonight.And then we will get a full slate the rest of this week.HASNIE: You confident you guys have the votes this time?SCALISE: Hey, look, you always talk to the whip, and he keeps track of whose planes are delayed and all that stuff. But, I mean, we plan on moving forward with it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Yes, the weather has definitely been a concern for travel for these congress men and women today.Now, they can only afford to lose three Republicans. They will lose the same three Republicans that tanked this last week, Congressman Mike Gallagher, one of them announcing that he's not running for reelection after the no-vote last week.The other factor here is a special election happening up in New York today, Sandra. If that seat goes to the Democrat, then Republicans have a serious numbers problem. So, ideally, they need to get this done before that race is called.Again, votes start about 6:30 p.m. tonight. Could get delayed if members can't get into town to get to that.SMITH: Which is a real concern.Aishah, thank you.HASNIE: Yes. You got it.SMITH: All right, well, the migrant crisis is affecting the U.S. far from the border, as we know.The Venezuelan teen accused in a Times Square shooting just last week is back in a New York City criminal courtroom today.FOX News' Alexis McAdams has more from outside that courthouse for us -- Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Sandra.Well, we saw that migrant teenager inside of that courthouse right behind me earlier this afternoon. He prat -- sat, rather, pretty still as the judge talked. He didn't speak English, so he used a translator, but he's facing a long list of very serious charges.We know he's been in the country, Sandra, for quite a few months, but we asked his defense attorney today if he entered legally. She wouldn't say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ADRIENNE EDWARD, DEFENSE ATTORNEY: All of the thoughts that you could be expected can be expected in this case, given the nature of the charges and, of course, the publicity that's going on with this political climate and everything else.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So, Jesus Alejandro Rivas Figueroa, as you see here, was facing charges of attempted murder, assault, attempted assault, and weapons possession.That's him being arrested just the other day after police tell us the 15- year-old was caught shoplifting from a store in Times Square. So that's when they say he pulled out a .45-caliber handgun and tried to shoot a security guard, but he missed. That bullet, Sandra, hit a tourist, and when police tried to stop him, he fired at cops, but they didn't shoot back.So where did Rivas Figueroa come from, a lot of people are asking. Well, investigators tell me he's from Venezuela and entered the United States last September. He was living at a migrant center in the city on the Upper West Side.Back out here live, we can tell you this is just not the only case they're looking into with this specific migrant. They believe the teenager could be connected to an armed robbery that happened last month in the Bronx. And then tomorrow, Sandra, they're going to hand over this case to a grand jury. So we will keep you posted on what happens.SMITH: That's a lot. Alexis, thank you.All right, well, the migrant crisis front and center and the special election in New York. Could the bets voters are placing right now give us a key to what happens in November?And President Joe Biden's campaign joining TikTok to attract younger voters, even though the Chinese-owned app is banned on most U.S. government-issued devices.House Intel Committee member Republican Mike Waltz on that coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: A special election held in New York today for former Republican Congressman George Santos' seat.Mazi Pilip hoping to keep it red, while Tom Suozzi is trying to flip it blue. The migrant crisis a key issue in that race, but could the winter storm be a bigger factor in who wins this race?Bryan Llenas is at a polling site in Queens Village, New York, for us.Bryan, what are you seeing and hearing there?BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, look, Sandra, both campaigns are clearly concerned about low voter turnout.In fact, they're so concerned that they have started to offer car rides early this morning to voters to bring them to these polling locations. This current polling location, Sandra, has seen a grand total of 19 voters today.But the site coordinator says he knows many voters showed up early to try to avoid today's rough weather from that snowstorm. Now, Republican Mazi Pilip, she has made the border crisis central to her campaign here. There are 1,000 male migrants housed in this district.She says she'd vote to impeach DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, and she's tried to tie her opponent, Tom Suozzi, the former Democratic congressman, to President Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAZI PILIP (R), NEW YORK CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE: Tom Suozzi created this mess. We cannot afford sending him to D.C. You're going to send the little girl from Ethiopia, from the village of Ethiopia, to United States Congress.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: Suozzi has worked to distance himself from President Biden, acknowledging he would not be helpful in this district.Suozzi said the Democratic brand is in trouble here, even acknowledging it's possible Biden won't be the nominee of his party.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FMR. REP. TOM SUOZZI (D-NY): I know 81-year-old people that are in good shape, and I know 81-year-olds that are not in great shape. He's old, and there's no question about it. If he runs -- if he ends up being the Democratic candidate, I'm likely to support him, yes.We have got to see what happens over the next...(CROSSTALK)LLENAS: Now, Suozzi has said that he is a moderate, he's going to push for bipartisan solutions.Democrats, Sandra, have outspent Republicans 2-1 in this race as they desperately try to flip this district back to blue. Polls close at 9:00 p.m. -- Sandra.SMITH: Going to be something to watch.Bryan Llenas on that for us, thank you.So, could today's special election provide a glimpse into the November election?We will put that question to Hill national politics reporter Julia Manchester and Politico White House and Washington reporter Daniel Lippman.Daniel, to you first on that.DANIEL LIPPMAN, WHITE HOUSE AND WASHINGTON REPORTER, POLITICO: Yes, I think it's -- you can never take one special election and extrapolate it for the entire country.But this is a district where Biden is at 30 percent in the approval ratings. Suozzi would not want to campaign with him. And so he would definitely give the White House a boost if he wins, even if he has said he doesn't even know if Biden is going to appear as the Democratic nominee after the convention.SMITH: Julia?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: Yes, look, I think the district itself is very telling. This is a district that we have seen Democrats perform in, in the past.However, we have seen Republicans very slowly start to make gains. Just look no farther than the Nassau County executive chair, who is a Republican. So we're seeing Biden and Democrats winning at the presidential level, or they have in the past, but Republicans are winning at the local level and also at the congressional level with George Santos.So, going forward, look, I think it's going to be a bit of a toss-up, but most polling shows Suozzi ahead, but within the margin of error.SMITH: Daniel, it was really interesting to see how Suozzi handled that question over the president's age there. It seems that's going to pop up more and more in some of these races.LIPPMAN: It has.And there's a lot of Democrats who are worried about his age and the fact that it could drag down their margins and how to figure out good answers for that, trying to say that, hey, Biden is old, but Trump is a threat to democracy, so which one do you want to take?The majority of Americans don't even want either to run, and there's -- but there's also a lot of Democrats in particular about this district that are not happy with Suozzi, because he hasn't really made this race as much about George Santos as a lot of Democrats have wanted him to do.SMITH: Julia, does it behoove them to keep this about the border crisis, considering what a huge impact that is having here in New York?MANCHESTER: Look, I think it's a strategically a good move by Republicans to make this about the border crisis.Like you said, it's an issue in New York. New Yorkers are seeing this every day. They're dealing -- dealing with us on a daily basis. So it makes sense. And it puts Tom Suozzi in a very difficult position having to moderate his position and sort of almost distance himself from the president on this.I think in many ways this special election will be the first election which tells us more about the messaging and how successful the messaging is from Republicans on the border crisis.SMITH: Just about a minute left here.Daniel, will the weather be an issue in this race?LIPPMAN: Well, this is a huge snowstorm that there was a -- a former congressman, I think it was Steve Israel, who used to represent Long Island, saying it's going to determine whether God is a Democrat or a Republican.(LAUGHTER)LIPPMAN: And so there's a lot of Republicans who thought that better weather would help them.But we shall see. It's like basically the enthusiasm of these voters and whether they will want to come out with the snow.SMITH: Julia, same question to you.MANCHESTER: Yes, look, I think, for Republicans, it's unclear, because we know a lot of Republican voters -- and a Republican source was telling me this yesterday -- they're Election Day in-person voters.So if they're not coming out as much because of the snowstorm, that could potentially hurt Republicans. We have seen early voting. A lot of Democrats have voted early. So it's sort of a toss-up, but I think this could potentially end up benefiting Democrats.SMITH: I have got a good look at Sixth Avenue here in New York City. The roads are clear. People are out. There's traffic.Thanks so much to both of you for joining us. Appreciate your time.LIPPMAN: Thanks, Sandra.SMITH: All right, well, taking you to Capitol Hill now, what's the fate of that $95 billion Senate foreign aid bill?Florida Republican Congressman Mike Waltz is coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: Do as I say, not as I do?National security concerns not stopping the Biden campaign from joining the Chinese-owned social media app TikTok.FOX Business' Kelly O'Grady has the details.Hi, Kelly.KELLY O'GRADY, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Sandra.That's right, all in the name of trying to win an election. Now, this is a shocking about-face from the Biden campaign, especially since TikTok has been banned on all government devices going back to 2022, but it's a desperate attempt to reach young voters.Now, I will note that recent polling shows 60 percent of voters age 18 to 29 disapprove of President Biden's job performance, and the majority of those say they can be found on TikTok.Now, this comes as part of a larger push to leverage social media. I will note that a number of Democratic super PACs are spending over a million dollars to partner with influencers this election season, but lawmakers from both sides of the aisle are pushing back, urging the campaign to reverse course.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): It's not serious leadership. It's not the move of a serious country.If we continue to go down this road, we are going to effectively cede control of our news media to a hostile foreign country. That's unacceptable. I urge the president's Gen Z TikTok-addled campaign staffers to reverse course.(END VIDEO CLIP)O'GRADY: Now, TikTok has been investigated by the government going back to 2019. It's owned by a Chinese company, and the Communist Party can legally force it to turn over consumer data at any time.And even at yesterday's briefing, John Kirby admitted there are concerns about potential misuse of consumer data. Now, Sandra, I will leave you with this. Sources that used to work at TikTok shared with me deep concerns about what data is collected, how it's stored.So I think the headline here is, it's not just national security concerns, but what message this sends to the American people if the administration doesn't want them using it -- back to you.SMITH: All right, thanks, Kelly.We will put that to our next guest. He has concerns, House Intel Committee member Florida Republican Congressman Michael Waltz joining us now.Congressman, what is the concern with this?REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): Yes. Hey, Sandra.Well, look, there's multiple concerns. And the Biden political campaign should be ashamed of themselves. We already discussed that, why is it not OK for millions of federal workers, but it is OK for voters?Explain that. Number two, we know the Chinese Communist Party are using this as a data collection bonanza. We would no more have allowed this with the Soviet Union in the middle of the Cold War than we should now.Number three, talk about election interference. This is a practical superhighway for the Chinese Communist Party to adjust the algorithms should they so choose. And then, finally, we just had bipartisan Senate testimony from all of the heads of the tech companies where they literally apologized to parents, everybody agreed, to the harm of our kids.But now a major presidential -- the sitting presidential campaign is going to legitimize this app and the harm it's doing to kids for its own political game -- game? Excuse me. Again, they should be ashamed of themselves. They know better. This is the worst of the worst.(CROSSTALK)SMITH: You would like to see a full-on ban of TikTok in this country; is that correct?WALTZ: I have called for a full-on ban. We can do it. By the way, the largest democracy in the world, the government of India, realizes the danger.It's done it. It is long overdue.SMITH: OK.WALTZ: We should not allow our greatest adversary to access 150 million Americans and their data.SMITH: Interesting. Congressman, I appreciate that.Meanwhile, the Senate passed a $95 billion aid package with assistance for Israel, Ukraine and Taiwan. This happened earlier today. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell has called on the House to do the same. So will it, Congressman?WALTZ: Look, Sandra, we are hearing loud and clear from our constituents, from our voters, not just Republican base voters. We're hearing it from blue state mayors and others.The number one priority, this isn't an either/or, but the number one priority has got to be to secure our border. President Trump is right on this. Our voters, polling shows across the board, are saying it loud and clear.And my fear is that we wait until there's some type of attack before we really take action. My suggestion to our leadership in the House, attach H.R.2 to that bill, we have had that sitting at Schumer's feet for nine months, and send it back.SMITH: All right, Congressman, lastly, President Biden slammed former President Trump's recent comments on NATO earlier today. I want you to take a listen. I will get your reaction.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Just a few days ago, Trump gave an invitation to Putin to invade some of our allies, NATO allies.He said, if an ally didn't spend enough money on defense, he would encourage Russia to -- quote -- "do whatever the hell they want" -- end of quote. Can you imagine a former president of the United States saying that?The whole world heard it. And the worst thing is, he means it.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: Your response to that, Congressman?WALTZ: Well, I was there, Sandra.Of course, they're cherry-picking that out of context. The full context of what the president was saying and asking of all of us is, if we continue to pay, Europeans know that we're going to subsidize their defense budget, so that they can pour money, their money, into their social programs. Why would they ever pay up?And the fact is, Obama's defense secretary, Robert Gates, asked back in 2011. He said they're perfectly fine for us to pay. After the first Russian invasion of Ukraine, Europe did nothing. And now, still today, we have only nine of 11 of our NATO allies living up to their commitment.SMITH: Yes.WALTZ: Enough is enough. If they're not going to do it now with a war on their doorstep, will -- when will they?SMITH: OK.WALTZ: Some are doing it, Sandra, but Germany, France, the big economies, are not.SMITH: OK.Congressman, good to get your thoughts and reaction to all of that. Appreciate it. Thank you.WALTZ: All right, thank you.SMITH: That does it for us. You can catch me tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. Eastern time alongside John Roberts on "America Reports."Thanks again for joining us.For now, here is "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.