SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Welcome to "Hannity".A lot of news tonight to cover. Mayor Eric Adams, New York City, well, his disastrous illegal immigrant policies, they are wreaking havoc all over New York City. But what's he blaming the criticism on? Racism. It's kind of like the Fani Willis defense. Anyway, Curtis Sliwa on the ground in New York will join us in a few minutes.Also, okay, what are the cocaine hippos in Colombia and why are they causing chaos? We'll have the latest on that story.But first, it was another day, another bizarre blunder for your cognitively struggling president, who needed help from a reporter today. It was pretty bad. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEOI CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There is some movement and I don't want to -- I don't want to -- well, maybe choose my words. There's some movement -- there's been a response from the -- there's been a response from the opposition but it -- yes, I'm sorry from Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That's your president. This is far from Joe's only blunder this week, speaking at a campaign event in Vegas on Sunday night. Yep, he seemed to be a little confused and dazed once again. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Right, right after I was elected, I went to what they call a G-7 meeting, all the NATO leaders. It was in -- it was in the south of England, and I sat down and I said America's back and Mitterrand from Germany -- I mean, from France looked at me and said -- said, you know, what -- why -- how long you back for?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: A little itsy-bitsy problem. You see, President Mitterrand died in 1996. So unless Joe went back in time or had a conversation with a maybe Mitterrand's ghost, he did not speak to President Mitterrand.And during today's press briefing -- well, FOX White House correspondent, our own Peter Doocy, confronted the White House press secretary Karine Jean Pierre over this strange blunder and as per usual, she refused to directly answer Peter's question. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: How is President Biden ever going to convince the three quarters of voters who are worried about his physical and mental health that he is okay even though in Las Vegas, he told a story about recently talking to a French president who died in 1996?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I'm not even going to go down that rabbit hole with you, sir.DOOCY: Why is it a rabbit hole? He said he talked to Mitterrand --(CROSSTALK)JEAN-PIERRE: You saw the president in Vegas, in California, you've seen the president in South Carolina, you saw him in m Michigan, I'll just leave it there.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Our very own Peter Doocy is joining us now with more. It's -- it's very obvious and transparent. We had Newt Gingrich on this show last night, Peter, and yesterday, he's now for the first time only now convinced that he doesn't think Joe is going to make it to November because the cognitive decline of late has been so steep. Do you see it -- you're with them every day, what do you see?DOOCY: Well, first of all, greetings from the bottom of a rabbit hole. It's great that we have connection down here to be able to go live. But it is not a conspiracy to ask questions about mistakes the president makes, considering that it's not -- it is not one person saying this doesn't seem like it's right. It's three quarters of those polled by NBC News either have minor or major concerns about his mental and physical health and that includes half of Democrats.And, of course, everybody misspeaks from time to time. However, not everybody is running to be the president and not everybody is running to be the oldest president ever.And so, these things happen from time to time. There are very heavy issues that whoever the president is next time -- come January 2025 are going to have to deal with. And again, it's three of everybody polled by NBC News.As to whether or not he's going to go the distance this campaign, we have no reason to think that he's planning to step aside. If he does, the plan is going to be for the running mate Kamala Harris to ascend. You know, you hear people talking about, oh, well, maybe there could be something at the convention, there is nobody running a shadow campaign effective enough that it would make sense for them to slide somebody in there.The last time we really saw a prominent Democrat would be on your show debating Ron DeSantis. It was Gavin Newsom, but you don't hear as much from him anymore.HANNITY: Well, he's been out campaigning for Joe Biden, to my mind defending the impossible. In the middle of my interview with Governor Newsom, at one point, I just stopped the interview, I said, here's your problem, the guy that you are praising so much is not capable of sitting here next to me and having a conversation on this level, because he's simply not.Now when you compare the hours that Donald Trump will devote to interviews and he makes one mistake, boy, if it's Pelosi and Vice President Harris and he mixes it up, they're not taking into account all of this. I can't think of a single event and you correct me if I'm wrong, that Joe Biden a clean event where he didn't have cognitive struggles or, you know, difficulty in determining whether the exit stage left or stage right, because that's now become a big problem.I can't think of a clean event, can you?DOOCY: Well, the problem now is that they do so little with him. It really is just one or two on camera events a week that every word is so heavily scrutinized. When we first got on the Biden beat back in the social distance days, it was like 10 reporters in the room with him. He wanted to talk after every single set of prepared remarks. That was three or four times a week for two and a half years.Now, it's three or four times a month at best and most of the time, it's when he is exiting the White House south lawn exit, to go on a Marine One to fly somewhere, and it's -- you have to shout at him and he's shouting back at you, because there's an aircraft 100 feet away.(CROSSTALK)DOOCY: So, that does seem to be the strategy, in fact, it was another -- it was somebody in this --HANNITY: Yeah, but that that's the old Reagan trick with Sam Donaldson. Sam, what, Sam? Good to see you. Can't hear you. But, you know -- so other presidents have used the sound of a helicopter. Go ahead.DOOCY: Well, somebody in the second row at the press briefing today asked Karine Jean Pierre about why there's no Super Bowl interview, doesn't he want to have this huge audience? Why has he done so many fewer press events and press availabilities than his -- all of his recent predecessors? And she said, I can't deny the numbers that they are fewer but he's going to try to get out there in new ways. And she mentioned radio interviews and podcasts and social media, which have been used by Barack Obama, Donald Trump and Biden 2020 very effectively.So these are not new things but they are basically telling us not to expect to see or hear more from him between now and November.HANNITY: Well, I mean, I doubt he's going to be going on with Charlamagne Tha God again, who's been pretty critical lately, as many others have been.He said nobody's actively running a shadow campaign and I would agree with you, I don't think Gavin Newsom is doing that. I mean, he was very clear that in his mind, if you take him at his word and I'll take him at his word, that Kamala Harris would be next up. However, does that negate the possibility you keep hearing the name Michelle Obama.They go to Michelle Obama at the convention. Will you -- you know, take up the mantle? Your country needs you. Is that -- is there that quiet shadow campaign may be going on? I've seen no evidence of it. I have no reason to believe she wants to go back to Washington at all. I don't think she liked it the first time.DOOCY: That would be -- I think that would probably be optimism by like the 50s or so percent of Democrats who are polled by NBC who think that Biden who are concerned that Biden has mental or physical issues that might be a problem for him in a second term.But from people that we hear from, that's not something that Michelle Obama wants, even though as we've seen in the post-presidency with just book sales alone, she is probably the most popular Democrat alive.HANNITY: Yeah. Well, it would be interesting. We'll certainly be watching.Peter, thanks for asking questions that the rest of your, well, friends in the media don't want to ask. We appreciate it. Thank you for being with us.Now, as we warned you last night, the disastrous border bill is nothing more than a blatant attempt by Biden and the left, they just want to shift the blame for his border crisis squarely onto the shoulders of Republicans. This is his and his alone. And speaking at the White House today, Joe tried to do just that. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: So I'm calling on Congress to pass this bill. Get to my desk immediately. But if the bill fails, I want to be absolutely clear about something, the American people are going to know why it failed.I'll be taking this issue to the country and the voters are going to know that it's not just the moment -- just at the moment, we're going to secure the border and fund these other programs. Trump and the MAGA Republicans said no, because they're afraid of Donald Trump. Afraid of Donald Trump.Every day between now and November, the American people are going to know that the only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump and his MAGA Republican friends.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That is a big lie. We'll break it down in a second.Now, echoing Biden's remarks, his Press Secretary Karen Jean-Pierre added this at today's White House briefing. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: So I mean, they've voted -- they've actually voted --(CROSSTALK)DOOCY: -- two years, no responsibility?JEAN-PIERRE: It has -- I'm not saying that Democrats have not been in control the first two years, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying House Republicans have gotten in the way, they have. They have purposefully gotten in the way in trying to fix what's happening at the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, so, now, it's all the Republicans' fault that Joe Biden's wide open border, with 10 million unvetted illegal immigrants -- that he has no responsibility in that. I thought they kept telling us though that the border is closed and the border is secure, like Democrats have been telling us this for three years. In case you might have forgotten, I'll remind you. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sounds to most folks like a crisis.BIDEN: Well, look, it's way down now. We've now gotten control.ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, DHS SECRETARY: Precisely that the border is closed.Nor could I have been clear and continue to be so, which is the border is closed.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The United States will continue to enforce our laws and secure our border.MAYORKAS: The border -- we are working to make the border more secure.INTERVIEWER: You're confident this border is secure?HARRIS: We have a secure border in that that is a priority for any nation including ours and our administration.JEAN-PIERRE: We agree that the border is secure.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, they peddled that lie for three years. We all know the truth. They're lying to us.That has not stopped the media mob of course from backing Biden and all those attempts to blame Republicans. They -- they're now joining on board. They take their talking points seriously. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have one of the slimmest majorities in the House in history, don't you have to compromise to get something done? What you passed in the House can't pass in the Senate, Mr. Speaker. You know that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is almost entirely a border security bill and its provisions include longtime GOP priorities that the party restrictionists could never have passed only a few months ago. Are you listening, Mikey? Just because Donald tells you to jump doesn't mean that you have to put America's security at risk.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Last night, a bipartisan group of senators unveiled a compromise bill but the Republican speaker of the house says it's dead on arrival.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But the border -- I mean, we're looking every day at the invasion of migrants and they're playing a time game with politics on this. Couldn't that pressure put to bear in their home states?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Dead on arrival, the speaker of the House vowing to tank the historic border deal reached by both parties in the Senate, and on defense over accusations it's Donald Trump pulling the strings.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Let me let me educate Joe Biden and all willing accomplices of liars that I call the media mob. Congress is not at all, not one bit responsible for this national security nightmare that Joe Biden created. The media mob, they have been silent. They have been complicit now for three years. They have allowed the big lie that the border is secure and closed to go forward unchallenged.They have not been showing you the American people on other channels the disaster that is going on that Joe created at our southern border. Biden has -- was handed the single most secure border in our nation's history.Now, here's what really happened -- with the stroke of a pen, this is a pen, Joe Biden revoked all of Donald Trump's efforts to exclude illegal immigrants from the census, he strengthened DACA, he ended Trump's interior enforcement rule. He halted all border wall construction. He ended asylum agreements with El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras. He ended the remain in Mexico policy and he even let Title 42 expire.Biden never needed Congress to fix any of this. He can reinstate all of those policies that he revoked just as he undid them with a stroke of a pen. But that's not going to stop the mob, the media, the liberal Joes in the media from remaining complicit in the Biden border crisis. They have not covered this story for three years. They have steadfastly refused to be showing on a regular basis how bad this disaster is at our southern border caused by Biden's fail policies.And let me be very clear, the Senate border bill they're all pushing, it's an unmitigated disaster. And by the way, the only good news is Mitch McConnell admitted earlier today it's dead and not only would this bill do nothing to secure the border, it could as written actually codify all of Biden's aiding and abetting of illegal immigrants and lawbreaking into law, and they know deep down it's total BS.In fact, earlier today on my radio show, Senator Rand Paul joined us from Kentucky said some Republican senators wanted to keep all of the details that they were putting in this bill away from people like me, specifically because they knew how bad this legislation is for conservatives. And basically, it's not me, they didn't want you to hear about it.And by the way, this is what he said to me. Take a listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)SEN. RAND PAUL (R-KY): I'll tell you what I do hear behind the scenes is as I hear from people in our caucus who talk to sources high up who say we need to make sure Sean Hannity's not talking about this, Laura Ingraham, because conservatives, that's why they kept it secret. And that that was said out loud in our caucus that said this has to be kept be and it cannot be allowed to go in front of the conservative talk show hosts, it cannot be allowed to discuss. That's why it's secret.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: How dare we may actually tell the American people, that's all of you, the truth.Now, meanwhile, earlier this evening, House Republicans, their effort to impeach the DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, well, it ended up as a tie, but then one flipped so they can bring this spill back, for example, Steve Scalise was not there today. Utah Congressman Blake Moore switched the vote from yes to no, rightly so.And by voting for the majority, that means Congressman Moore can reintroduce the legislation at a later date and with Steve Scalise set to return, plus special elections looming in New York district 3, by the way. Early voting is going on now. That'll be a week from Tuesday.And then California, we have an election in May. Republicans will have a chance to secure a stronger majority. Hopefully they do. And a greater likelihood of passing the impeachment, that is still on the table.Here with reaction, Texas Senator Ted Cruz.Senator, I saw your comments about Mitch McConnell. Rightly, I think you're very angry with him. Rand Paul, did you hear the same thing he heard that he didn't want people like me getting the information about the bill? Did you hear that?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): I did, and this whole thing has been a disaster from the very beginning. It's been a disaster on policy, and it's been a disaster on politics. On policy, this bill is terrible. It is an absolute - - it is a bill that Chuck Schumer wanted that is designed not to secure the border, not just not to secure the border, it's designed to make it worse.So this bill as you noted, it codifies Joe Biden's open borders, catch and release, the cause of this crisis. It codifies catch and release. It puts it into the law. Not only that, it normalizes 5,000 illegal immigrants a day. That works out to 1.8 million a year, that works out to about 6 million illegal immigrants over the three years of Biden.We have in fact seen 9.6 million illegal immigrants. So, the idiotic Republican proposal was, let's be for two-thirds of the border invasion that Biden has allowed. That made no sense. Not only did it -- put it into law 1.8 million every year in perpetuity, but it also put into law giving those illegal immigrants work permits, giving them lawyers paid for by the taxpayers, it gave billions of dollars to sanctuary cities to keep their policies going, and it gave billions of dollars to left-wing nonprofit organizations that are bringing the illegal immigrants in.So it funds the process and I'll tell you the provision that just is a Texan that pissed me off the most, it went directly after the state of Texas and it's said any litigation filed challenging this law has to be filed in Washington, D.C. and federal district court. So Texas can't sue in the federal courts in Texas, where Texas has been winning. Instead, they got to go to Washington with the very liberal judges.This was a disaster on policy grounds, because it did not solve the problem, but politically, it was even worse. Who won in this battle? And his name is Charles Schumer.Chuck Schumer did this. He knew it would fail. He wanted it to fail, but the purpose of this bill was to let every Democrat running for the Senate, running for the House to stand up and say, self-righteously, I wanted to secure the border, I really wanted to, but those mean Republicans wouldn't let me.And I got to say, Senate Republican leadership, I told them this months ago. Other conservatives told them this months ago and they proceeded down this path that ended up it was a box canyon with a kamikaze pilot crashing into a wall. It was a disaster and it was entirely avoidable because what happened is Republican leadership ended up benefiting Chuck Schumer and the Democrats and doing nothing to secure the border.HANNITY: The amazing part about all of this, Senator, is there is no need for Biden to get legislation from anybody. He -- through the -- just the stroke of the pen, as I've been pointing out, put back in place the policies that were successful.Here's one interesting thing I noted in your home state of Texas, 99.99 percent of illegal immigration in Eagle Pass, where you put up the razor wire, it has ended. It shows the barriers work and now they moved to California and Arizona, and if Texas can build out more razor wire, I say they should continue doing what they're doing because it worked.CRUZ: Texas is going to continue leading the fight and we've got to.This crisis, it is massive, it is devastating and we've got to lead the fight. And you know what Joe Biden is doing? Joe Biden is siding with the Mexican drug cartels against the American people.I got to say the image of just a few days ago of those six illegal aliens who beat up two New York police officers. It was disgusting and they got arrested and, of course, what happens. They get released from jail with no bail and what do they do? Walking out, they flipped the bird on both hands, walking out.That image, Sean, is the image of this campaign in 2024. That image flipping the bird is what Joe Biden and the Democrats in the Senate are saying to every American. They stand with the drug cartels, the human traffickers, the illegal immigrants, the criminals, and they stand against law enforcement, and they stand against American families. That's the message of this radical policy, and we got to stand up and fight against it.HANNITY: Two hundred and seventy-two days is an election, Senator. Your election is important, too, and I know you're being targeted but you were the first person I called when the bill came out. I said, Senator, am I reading this correctly? And you said, yes, you're reading it correctly.But it's sad -- the fact that they didn't want the people to be -- know the details, that speaks volumes about the current leadership. Good for people like you in the Senate that hold them accountable.Ted Cruz, thank you, sir.CRUZ: Sean, Republican leadership wanted to hide it from you and from the American people. And I appreciate you're pointing out.HANNITY: Unreal.CRUZ: Chuck Schumer and George Soros are coming after me hard. So I want to encourage folks go to tedcruz.org. I need your help. We're going to fight to defend Texas and defend this country.HANNITY: We're going to be down in Texas, and hopefully, we'll see you and we'll go tour the border together that Joe Biden has left wide open.All right. When we come back, Mayor Eric Adams, New York City, defending his decision to hand out free money to illegal immigrants. Curtis Sliwa is going to weigh in.Plus, Senator Tim Scott, he reacts to reports that Kamala Harris has, quote, "found her footing". Really? That's news to us, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. As outrage grows over New York City Mayor Eric Adams handing out free prepaid debit cards to illegal immigrants and the 180- some-odd million that he's now allocating towards, you know, more hotel rooms, the mayor decided to set the record straight today at a hearing in Albany and let the world know that's exactly what he's doing. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: There's one thing I learned in New York, New York -- New Yorkers are very opinionated, and they share their thoughts and so first, we want to dismiss the mis -- misinformation. We're not giving people American Express cards. We found that the food delivery service that we set up during the emergency, we could find a better way to do it in our belief that we want to cut 20 percent of the migrant cost.So we have a pilot project with 500 people that we are giving them a food card, so instead of a debit card, instead of having to deliver food and have people eat food that we were seeing waste in food, they're now able to get their own food that is going to be spent $12 a day.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And 500 people get 53 million?That's not all. A couple of days ago, Adams decided that it was a good time to brag about his staff's diversity. He did it in his own way. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ADAMS: Stand up. Stand up. They need to see you. Deputy Mayor Williams- Isom, Deputy Mayor Meera Joshi, Deputy Mayor Almanzar, Deputy Mayor Maria Torres Springer.Have you ever seen this much chocolate leading the city of New York? And then go down the line. Look, look, who's here. This is representative of the city. That's why people are hating on me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, that's why, the Fani Willis defense.Anyway, joining us live, he's on the streets of New York City, former mayoral candidate Curtis Sliwa is with us. So, okay, he likes chocolate over vanilla. It sounds like -- sound a little like Louis Farrakhan to me there.$53 million in debit cards for 500 people, on top of $180 million for more hotel rooms, in New York, on top of the one billion that Biden has given people that enter our country illegally, and we saw what happened to the people on tape beating the hell out of two police officers -- Curtis, things getting better in New York City?CURTIS SLIWA, FORMER NEW YORK CITY MAYORAL CANDIDATE: Absolutely not. In fact, that's why I'm his number one hater. Join the Curtis Sliwa haters club of Eric Adams who is single-handedly destroying this city by giving illegal aliens everything. They arrive in our city -- imagine, you check into your hotel, you get concierge service and, bam, you get $1,000 debit card that you can use for the whole month, and you get more money than any veteran, any homeless person, any emotionally disturbed person in New York City gets. That's an absolute outrage.And this mayor just doesn't seem to get it. He takes care of the illegal aliens and forsakes his own people, especially the African-American poor and impoverished who elected him mayor of the city of New York over me Curtis Sliwa.HANNITY: Yeah. Well, by the way, if you divide 53 million by 500, that's $106,000 debit card. Not a bad deal. I don't think they giving them to vets that are homeless in New York City, not that I've heard, Curtis.SLIWA: Well, in fact, our guys have just taken down one of the migrant guys right here on the corner 42nd and 7th while all this --HANNITY: Can you pan the camera?SLIWA: They've taken over. They've taken over. You'd light the camera over there if it all possible.HANNITY: Yep, you got your key open guys.SLIWA: He's out of control, out of control.HANNITY: There. All right. Now, Eric Adams often complains he's getting no support from the federal government to help him with the surge of Joe Biden's unvetted illegals in New York. And that could be because of the so- called borders czar, is a little distracted right now.According to a report, Vice President Harris has now suddenly, quote, found her footing and she's now apparently getting ready for a future presidential run of her own in 2028. According to "The Daily Mail", she campaigned in South Carolina last week, visited Georgia today, which is apparently very much on her mind, more so than the border right now.Here with reaction, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.Correct me if I'm wrong, I looked at the numbers, what percentage of the Democratic voters showed up for that -- for that primary in your home state? Was 4 percent around the right number?SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Yeah, dismal. Anyone who thinks Kamala Harris's way to the White House is through South Carolina is ridiculous, dismal performance in the Democrat primary last weekend. But more importantly, Sean, think about this, she's weak on the border, weak on crime, weak on the economy.When I say weak on crime, this is a vice president who raised money for a bail fund for a person who was later charged with murder. You remember those days, Sean. This is a person who refuses to step a foot on our southern border, 10 million illegal immigrants coming in, and in New York City, it keeps black and brown kids at home so they can use those schools to house the illegal immigrants coming into the country because Kamala Harris refuses to do her job, weak on the economy, poor kids today have less reasons to be hopeful because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris took inflation so high that poor folks cannot afford food, energy or gas, unbelievable.HANNITY: By the way, that tweet of the bail fund, some might actually define that as insurrection, I'm just saying, as a -- as a side note. But, of course, the media said most of those 574 riots that killed dozens of Americans, injured thousands of cops caused billions of property damage, they were mostly peaceful. So we got to get that straight.Let me ask you about Congress --SCOTT: Ridiculous, ridiculous.HANNITY: Well, by the way, do you stand with Ted Cruz and his comments about Mitch McConnell? Where do you stand on that?SCOTT: I wasn't in the room when that -- when that was comments were made, but I can tell you this without any question, what America needs to see is the united Republican Party telling the facts as they are, the facts are very simple. Sean, the president of the United States, Joe Biden, does not need legislative action to secure our border.Why do we know that to be a fact? Because Donald Trump secured our border without the legislative action from the body. He did so by creating policies like remain in Mexico. It precipitously saw the drop in illegal crossings. What we know is a president with the guts, the will, the intestinal fortitude to secure our border, can get it done.We've seen it done once. We need four more years. We were better off under Trump.HANNITY: Well, that's now the big lie.Let me play comments President Trump made in his interview with Maria Bartiromo and they had to do deal with you. Let's listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You know, I called Tim Scott this so we could -- because a lot of people like Tim Scott. I called him and I said, you're a much better candidate that for me than you are for yourself. When I watched him, he was fine, he was good, but he was very low-key, et cetera, et cetera. I watched him in the last week defending me and sticking up for me and fighting for me, I said, man, I said you're a much better person for me than you are for yourself because for himself he was low key. For me, he's been -- he's been a real tiger. He's been incredible.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Obviously, you're on Donald Trump's short list. If he gets the nomination and looks like he is, what would your answer be?SCOTT: Well, my answer would be yes to America having four more years of Donald Trump. I don't think any one of us should make this about me or any other person who might be the candidate for vice president, but you and I know, Sean --HANNITY: He mentioned you by name.SCOTT: You and I know, you and I know.HANNITY: So that means you're on the short list. If he comes to you, what do you say?SCOTT: Listen, everybody wants to serve their country, and the best way for me to serve my country right now is to make sure that Donald Trump gets four more years. We're better off under Trump. You and I both know it. Let's vote for him.But let's also get out and campaign for Donald Trump. We cannot afford people losing hope in the American Dream because Joe Biden gets another four years. With Donald Trump, low inflation, low crime, we have law and order once again. It's a good day for Americans.HANNITY: All right. I know you're inner circle and I'm going to talk to the two guys I know you'd call first that nobody knows who I'm talking about, and I'm going to talk to them and make sure that they prepared to tell you to say yes. That's all I'm saying.We appreciate you being with us, Senator Tim Scott, and looking forward to the South Carolina primary.All right. When we come back, we'll bring you the latest on Trump's legal battles as the Supreme Court now gets ready to hear President Trump's Colorado ballot ban -- oh democracy in peril. Gregg Jarrett, Alan Dershowitz, straight ahead.Thanks for being with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And earlier today, a three-judge panel in the D.C. Court of Appeals, they ruled against Donald Trump as he argued that he has presidential immunity from prosecution. Trump can now appeal this decision to the U.S. Supreme Court, which, by the way, is also about to consider another case with major implications. On Thursday morning, the high court will hear oral arguments on the Colorado state Supreme Court's decision to ban Trump from the ballot.Now, President Trump is, of course, asking for that ruling to be overturned. I believe it will be, saying that the American people should have the right to choose the next president of the United States, not judges in Colorado.Here with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett and Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz.You know, Professor, I look at Section Three of the 14th Amendment, by the way, the president is not even mentioned in the statutory language but put that aside for a minute, but the whole allegation that Trump engaged in insurrection, correct me, Professor, if I'm wrong, did Donald Trump ever get charged with insurrection? Has he been convicted of insurrection, or is this just a word that the January 6 Committee put on in their predetermined outcome hearing that they had?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR: Well, not even that much, that he's been charged by the secretary of state of Maine with insurrection, and by individual judges and a court in Colorado. There's been no conviction or charge. Smith (ph) could have easily persuaded a grand jury to indict him for insurrection and rebellion or any of the other provisions of the 14th amendment. The problem is Article 5 of the 14th amendment says that Congress has the power to define what insurrection means, what rebellion means, what the procedures are.Plainly, the framers of the 14th Amendment who were Lincolnian, kind of very, very in favor of reconstruction, would never have allowed the states of Mississippi or Virginia to decide who's going to be the -- on the ballot for president of the United States. This was intended to be a congressional action. Congress took no action to implement the 14th Amendment. It's not self-enforcing and I believe the Supreme Court will rule, I hope nine to nothing, that this 14th Amendment argument is just made up at a full cloth.Look, what we're involved in is a game of beat the clock. Remember that we were kids, beat the clock. Everybody's trying to get down and dirty, convictions against Trump or rulings against Trump before the election, to influence the election, that if they come to the higher courts, they will almost certainly be reversed.HANNITY: Well, we'll see. There's a lot of issues out there. Gregg, let's get your take on it, and you know, there's got to be due processes part of this, if you -- you at least would have to be charged, convicted I would think before you can say with any certainty guilty of insurrection.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: That's right. The 14th Amendment does not disqualify Donald Trump because Section Three doesn't cover candidates for president. That office is deliberately omitted specifying instead senators representatives and electors only. In fact, if you look at the earlier versions of the amendment, it proposed the president, but then later dropped it excluding the president because the authors were concerned about Confederate leaders being elected to Congress not the presidency.Moreover, the professor's right, Section 3 is not self-executing. It's dependent on congressional action. Just read Section 5.And finally, you know, I doubt the Supreme Court will even address the issue of insurrection except to note that Trump has not, as you point out, been charged or convicted of that offense. Partisan officials cannot simply declare him guilty of insurrection without due process. That violates the 14th Amendment. So this is political gamesmanship. The Supreme Court will see it for what it is, and I think it will be unanimous.HANNITY: Let me ask you both about the immunity decision real quick about 20 seconds each. I thought there were better arguments on the issue of presidential immunity than the one that was given about the Navy SEAL and ordering, you know, a hit on a political opponent. Professor?DERSHOWITZ: (AUDIO GAP) sides argued too broadly. The Trump side argued for all total and complete immunity, and the other side for virtually no immunity. If the Supreme Court takes this case, it will split the difference, and it will rule that some actions done by the president within the scope of his authority to be broadly defined are covered by immunity and others like (AUDIO GAP)HANNITY: What would the argue -- quickly, Gregg, I think there were better arguments available, maybe they'll bring that to the Supreme Court?JARRETT: It's true and the D.C. Court opinion is deeply flawed, claiming that Trump has become citizen Trump so he has no immunity. That misunderstands the argument. At issue are his actions as president, not later as private citizen.HANNITY: And a president needs immunity because otherwise, every president, you know, will be making a decision through the prism of, oh, if I do this, what's going to happen after I leave the White House?All right. Thank you both. When we come back --JARRETT: Yeah, it'll be lawyers who are making the decisions, not presidents.HANNITY: Great point.Straight ahead, Pablo Escobar, remember him? He left his mark on Colombia, it's not what you think. His cocaine hippos, they're wreaking havoc. Griff Jenkins has a special report, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Remember, back in the `80s, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar created his own private zoo of illegally imported exotic animals, including four hippos. They were nicknamed cocaine hippos. Well, now, their population has exploded apparently to over 200. These animals now are wreaking havoc on the Colombian ecosystem, endangering other animals and even humans.Our very own Griff Jenkins, he actually traveled to Colombia to cover the story for FOX Nation.Griff joins us now.Griff, what a big story.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Sean, Colombia used to battle those narco traffickers in the `90s. Now, they are literally battling these cocaine hippos. And you're right, when Pablo was killed in '93, he had this personal zoo because, well, that's what billionaire drug lords do, they have zoos, zebras, giraffes, lions and these four hippos.Now, the officials rounded up all of the animals and donated them to zoos but those hippos being massive three-ton beasts that can run 30 miles an hour and have a violent short temper were too difficult to round up. And so the official said, ah, let them die off, bad idea.The hippos love Colombia. They have endless rivers. They have no natural predator, so those four turned into a dozen turned into now hundreds if not maybe a thousand they say. They've been terrorizing the native species and injuring humans as well, so much so sean that Colombia is now deemed them the country's most dangerous invasive species. They are by the way the world's deadliest land mammals.We got close to them as you see here and that's very terrifying because you can hear them, they're watching you and they like to attack people. And they can't kill them down there because they're protected by law.Basically the officials down there, Sean, told us when we were there that this is a hippo time bomb if they don't get it under control, Sean.HANNITY: All right. So I'm watching you. You're telling me they can run 30 miles an hour. You're right up there with them. You're pissing them off obviously. They're not happy. They're actually screaming at you in their own way, and I'm like what the hell is Griff Jenkins thinking here because I don't think I want to mess with any one of those cocaine hippos.JENKINS: Hey, we got a deliver for the FOX Nation audience, so we got to get close.And our team, we had Dan Cohen, our executive producer, and a great team. We had drone pilots. We were getting close. Ultimately, the country is now going to try and do a sterilization program, but I got to tell you, those hippos aren't very cooperative.Go to FOX Nation. Check it out. It's streaming now, Sean.HANNITY: Little salt and pepper. You know, Dan Cohen, yourself, very tasty to those hippos. And I give you credit. That was a dangerous assignment.Anyway, Griff Jenkins, thank you for that report. When we come back, we'll head back to New York City. Curtis Sliwa with an update. What was actually happening during his live segment when the Guardian Angels had to step in and apprehend this guy? We'll tell you about it, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Earlier in the show with our interview with Curtis Sliwa, well, members of the Guardian Angels apprehended a man right there in Times Square in New York City.Curtis, we couldn't exactly see what was going on. What -- what was happening in front of you while you were on the air with us?SLIWA: Well, he had been shoplifting first. The Guardian Angel spotted `em, stopped him, he resisted and let's just say we gave him a little pain compliance. His mother back in Venezuela felt the vibrations. He's sucking concrete, the cop scraped him off the asphalt, he's on his way to jail.But they'll cut him loose. We got to take 42nd Street back, Sean. These illegals think they own this street, they think they rule the night. This is our country, if they can't abide by the rules, then we're going to kick them back from where they came.HANNITY: You know, and it's amazing because I've been out with you on the streets of New York. I've been in Times Square with you. Police are very appreciative of the support you and the Guardian Angels offer them.SLIWA: Yeah, Sean, but unfortunately, they've been told hands off. Well, guess, what we don't keep our hands off. You shoplift, you commit crime, you assault people, you don't belong in our country, and we're going to make sure you pay a price for that.We got to fight for what we know is right and you saw a little bit of this. They got a little bit of taste of what the Guardian Angels are going to do to liberate Times Square from them.HANNITY: All right. Curtis Sliwa, hang in there, and be safe.That's all the time we have left this evening, and we hope you'll set you DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".That's all the time we have left this evening. But I have good news. Let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. We will see you tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us.