MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: When you discuss democracy, will you remind the American people of your relationship with George Wallace? That George Wallace praised you as a young politician when you were campaigning the other 130 times you're running for president and when you were campaigning in the south, you wave that like a badge of honor.Will you remind the American people who Joe Biden is? No, you won't, so I will.I will see you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Happy Saturday. Hi, everyone. I'm Brian Kilmeade and this is ONE NATION.Tonight on the show, amongst my great roster of guests, Eric Trump talks about New Hampshire looking ahead with all the trials straight ahead. Will he be going back to the White House with his dad?Jay Glazer on the big games this weekend, best in the business. Fox is letting us do his -- Fox Sports, I should say.And Jamie Lissow, if there's a funnier comedian in the country, I have not met him yet.But first to this: What is it going to take to get to a presidential nomination and get through it? You'd be hard pressed to find anyone who thinks that Donald Trump will not be the Republican nominee, despite the fact that Nikki Haley is not out yet, but will have to do a few things if this nomination is going to be worth anything.And I'm not putting down Nikki Haley. I think she's an excellent candidate. So as convincing as he has been early with these wins, there are gains that still have to be made.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARC THIESSEN, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CONTRIBUTOR: How did Ronald Reagan beat Jimmy Carter? He beat him by winning the Reagan Democrats, who became Republicans over time.The Republicans need the Haley Democrats and if Trump can't win them over, he's not going to win the presidency.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: All right, he has the type of team together now who seems thoroughly understand this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE DUPREY, FORMER CHAIRMAN ON THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REPUBLICAN PARTY: The Trump team has done a fabulous job in the state just from a political point of view of organizing and being disciplined and having a good strategy and carrying out.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: And they might be the best they've ever had. Perhaps Donald Trump's greatest asset is the performance of Joe Biden over the last few years and what it will be most likely be over the next nine months.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Don't mess with (gibberish) unless you want to get the benefit.Frankly, Donald Trump and MAGA Republicans including the woman hollering --. used to make beer brewed here. It is used to make brew beer to find who Earth Ryder thanks for the great lakes. I wonder why is that.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: I mean, that's pathetic, and that's just because he had to campaign two days in a row. We would expect to get worst from there. Have you seen these appearances?Joining us now, someone who studies this for a living. The co-hosts, all of them of "The Ruthless Podcast." We've got Josh Holmes, Michael Duncan, John Ashbrook, and the man known as Comfortably Smug and believe me, he is.Welcome, guys. Appreciate it.JOSH HOLMES, THE RUTHLESS PODCAST: Hey thanks, Brian. this is awesome.COMFORTABLY SMUG, THE RUTHLESS PODCAST: Thanks for having us on.HOLMES: I can't believe you have the guts to have us on, honestly. This is something.KILMEADE: Right, it is a huge mistake. I am already regretting it, Josh. Thank you.So Josh, let's start with you. Is it that bad a thing that Donald Trump has got more of a fight this time even though he's got two victories in most people, conventional wisdom would say that that opponent, in this case, Nikki Haley would have dropped out already?HOLMES: Now, look, there's conventional wisdom here that you just want to clear the field as fast as possible and get to a general election. That is in some part true.But I think what's happening here with a head-to-head with Nikki Haley is that she's talking to a segment of voters that are open for business that ultimately will be majority makers, and the longer that the Republican Party engages those people and talks about the Biden record and talks about right all the failures of this administration over the last few years, like it is a good thing for Donald Trump in the end.Now, it's not going to be -- they are not going to want to do that. Right? I mean, this is not something that the Trump campaign is welcoming in any way.But if you end things too early, primaries have a way of cultivating people and getting people energized that wouldn't ordinarily be energized by just one candidate or one message. They get energized over a period of time and she is talking to the segment that ultimately Donald Trump, if he is the nominee is going to need in order to be president of the United States again.KILMEADE: Right.JOHN ASHBROOK, THE RUTHLESS PODCAST: Yes, and you know, just late this week, President Trump actually refused an effort by the RNC to consolidate behind him.KILMEADE: I love that.ASHBROOK: He said, I need to win the old fashioned way, and I think a lot of voters love that. And there's another aspect to this, Brian, that a lot of people haven't really considered is that the conflict between Donald Trump and Nikki Haley is, I think, actually good for President Trump because he is dominating her in every single one of these races and all of the media attention, it is on the race. It's not on these trials.And as soon as President Trump wins the nomination, and he is not running against another Republican, the media is going to shift entirely to the trials.KILMEADE: I know. It is driving James Carville nuts. He said, you guys are treating Donald Trump normally. How dare you? Well, I don't know. He won two -- we won a caucus and a primary, set a bunch of records, in the meantime, huge crowds, great team, you might want to treat him normally. He has an excellent chance to be president again.By the way, I don't know if you saw that Reuters poll, head-to-head, he now beats Biden by six. And by the way, I listen to your podcast, I know you respect Nikki Haley, too.I want to move on and talk about, Josh, what your old boss said and anyone can answer this that wants to and he says he's walking back his opposition, walking back any type of embrace of this new border deal that is going to be coming down the pike after the meeting with Senator Lankford, Senator Murphy, and Senator Sinema. They are going to release a comprehensive border plan.Trump came out and said, hey, you know what? I don't think we should do it. Just wait for me to get there. And so far, Mitch McConnell says he is probably going to be the nominee. Let's do what he says. How do you feel about that?HOLMES: Well, look, I think there's an awful lot of folks within the Senate Republican Conference that thought, look, if we're going to do what President Biden wants to do in terms of Ukraine funding, Israel funding, Taiwan funding, we ought to get something out of it, and there is very clear and present danger at the nation's border.And so the segment of the conference thought like this is our opportunity to do that. That same segment is now convinced entirely, they get a much better deal with a presumptive President Trump than you would get currently.I can't argue with that. I mean, that is -- that part is true. There is a political argument that I don't buy, which is, it muddies the water in terms of the issue of immigration. This has become something that is not centralized on the right, that it's well through the center of the electorate, and many people throughout this country are very concerned about it.Republicans want that argument because Biden frankly has let the entire country down. I mean, let's just be honest, it would be BS.KILMEADE: Smug, what's your take?COMFORTABLY SMUG: I mean, I think just throwing it right back at Biden, because this administration is responsible for the crisis at the border, why should it be on Republicans to fix his problem? So I think the longer that the stink stays on Biden, the better.The reason that Trump is surging so much in the polls is that American people trust him on securing the border, on dealing with illegal immigration, so why let Biden have a win before the election?HOLMES: Yeah, look, I think that's right. But I don't think there's anybody that's confused. Let's just put it this way. There is nobody in this country who thinks that there is not a distinct difference between President Trump and President Biden on the issue of the border.So I think politics are kind of like, not as important, but if they think they can get a better deal down the road, then so be it.ASHBROOK: And just to put some numbers on exactly how bad Joe Biden has been on the border, a lot of people say it's a crisis, it's a crisis. There have been eight-and-a-half million people who have crossed the border illegally since Joe Biden was sworn in as president of the United States.Do you know how many people that is? All five boroughs of New York City, that's eight-and-a-half million people. So since Joe Biden has been president, he's brought in five more boroughs to New York City of people illegally. It is a problem and like, it just doesn't stop.KILMEADE: Hey, guys. Well, you know what is so good and so smart, everyone is feeling it. You could pretend like it's not an issue, a Republican or a Democrat issue, but you talk Chicago, talk about people in Philadelphia, talk about people in New York, talk about people in San Francisco and Los Angeles, they all say the same thing.Who are these people? How did they get here? And why is this good? Lastly, let's go around the table. Everybody weigh in, who would you say is a likely VP pick or your top two for each of you?Josh begin.HOLMES: Duncan, let's -- I want to kick it to Duncan because I think he's got the most provocative choice here.KILMEADE: Go ahead.MICHAEL DUNCAN, THE RUTHLESS PODCAST: I think Elise Stefanik. I think Elise Stefanik is a really interesting choice. I think when people select a VP, you're looking for somebody that complements the top of the ticket and we know that abortion is going to be a large issue in this general election. The Biden campaign has already tipped their hand on all of that.So I think pairing President Trump with a young mother who is in Republican leadership in the House, who has been a very strong defender of him is a smart decision.HOLMES: Smash?ASHBROOK: I'm going to say Tim Scott. There is nobody who has met Tim Scott that doesn't like Tim Scott. He projects a very positive image for the future and he is somebody who has great relationships in the Senate. And we all know that when President Trump comes in for his next term, he's going to need that Senate on his side. And so I think Tim Scott would be a great pick.HOLMES: Smug?COMFORTABLY SMUG: I say, Doug Burgum. I mean, I've said it before on the show, the guy is like John Wayne crossed with Ronald Reagan. He's got a great record of success and he was the first challenger against Trump to then endorse Trump. So that already shows the loyalty that he has. He's done a great job as governor, he'd do a great job as VP.HOLMES: These guys picked all three of my picks, but I will say, there is a strong tradition, Brian, obviously, of having the person who had second place, and by trying to reconsolidate the Republican Party, that would be Nikki Haley in this case, for the purposes that you laid out, which I think are very smart, Duncan. She fixes all of those problems, too.DUNCAN: Well, then I would also point out, you know, Donald Trump is the greatest mobilizing force in Republican politics.KILMEADE: Right.DUNCAN: But he's also the greatest negative you know, force in politics for getting out Democrats. So you look at a place like New Hampshire where over 300,000 people voted and they broke all of these records, wouldn't it be great to be able to get some of those people who turned out for Nikki Haley and put them back under our tent?KILMEADE: It would be great and as I started with, he has got a great team around him. Hopefully that message gets across to him.He is doing well enough in the polls. Every poll, he seems to be beating Biden in maybe the last five or six.Guys, now I know why this podcast so successful. Thanks, Ruthless guys. Appreciate it,HOLMES: You're the best. Thanks, Brian.ASHBROOK: Thank you.COMFORTABLY SMUG: Thanks.KILMEADE: I'll see you soon.Now this, New York Attorney General Letitia James relentless in her fight to take down former President Trump and his family. This week, she wrote a letter to the New York Supreme Court Justice Engoron, who is an embarrassment demanding the former president be permanently banned from New York real estate. No joke. And she wants sons, Eric and Don, Jr. banned for five years.James even went so far as to compare them to the Big Pharma bro, Martin Shkreli. Remember this guy?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Prosecutors claimed Shkreli lied about the fund's performance and stole $11 million from a separate drug company, he owned, Retrophin.REPORTER: Shkreli first came to prominence back in 2015, when his company jacked up the price of a life-saving drug by 5,000 percent.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Can you believe this? Let me remind you, the case against Trump has no victims. It's a personal attack against the former president of the United States and his family, not like the pharma bro who stole millions of dollars and went to jail.Joining us now is the executive vice president of the Trump Organization, Eric Trump.Eric, your reaction to having your family, you two, compared to him?ERIC TRUMP, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, TRUMP ORGANIZATION: Well, Brian, it is very simple. I mean, when Letitia James came down -- you know, when my father came down the escalator, Letitia James started campaigning against him. "We're going to go after Donald Trump. We're going to take down his family. We're going to look into every corner of his life. We're going to go after him. We're going to go after everybody he knows."She campaigned on that promise. She fundraised on that promise and it's disgusting, Brian. We have a great company. We have never had a default. We've never breached a covenant.Our banks have made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars off of our company and it is just -- it's a horrible thing. It's truly a horrible thing, what she's trying to do.KILMEADE: When you were actually sitting in the courtroom and hearing your family talk about this and crunching the numbers and people saying these things. It's a lot different from the case, when you actually see this case unfold. What are the thoughts in your head?E. TRUMP: The thought in my head is persecution. I mean, we started with the Russia hoax and then they tried to impeach him for the first time, then they tried to impeach him for a second time. Then they went after his Supreme Court justices. When that didn't work, they went to every far left area in the country, Brian.You know, you see what's happening in Georgia and how corrupt that is. And, you know, they go to New York City, and they get a corrupt attorney general. They go after him in Washington, DC, where he received what? Six percent of the total vote? They go to -- every far left jurisdiction, they go after him. And you know what, Brian? When that doesn't work and when those cases are falling apart, then they go to Colorado and they pulled him off the ballot and then they go to Maine and they try and pull him off the ballot.The American people aren't falling for it anymore. I mean, how many times can you cry wolf before people see right through you? And that's exactly what's happening here. They're weaponizing the system against Donald Trump who is their political opponent. They are petrified because he has created the greatest movement, maybe in political history. They're petrified of the man.KILMEADE: And right now he's up six, and as I mentioned, last Reuters poll and the Real Clear average, he is up four. They never expected this to happen, I don't think by any stretch.So now when you look at these cases, everyone is focused on the state case in Georgia, and man, does this seem to be blowing up? The DA, Fani Willis having an affair it seems, not really denied with a person, a special prosecutor who has no business in this case, no background going after it.One of the co-defendants went ahead and challenged this case because of it. And then your dad now joined that challenge. Where do you think this is heading? What do you think that says about the quality of the case?E. TRUMP: Well, that's I think it shines a spotlight into all these people and the massive corruption. When you see Fani Willis and everything that she has done, when you see Letitia James who has gone to the White House countless times and spoken to Biden, clearly spoken to Biden about the case in New York, it is the weaponization of the system.And you know, it is also that, Brian, the law of unintended consequences. Every single time they do this, my father gets stronger in the polls. Between Iowa and New Hampshire, my father has won 107 out of 109 counties. He had the largest turnout in Iowa history. He won by over 30 points, right? The next biggest record was 12 points.Then you look at new Hampshire the other night. It was a blowout victory considering 70 percent of the people who voted for Nikki Haley were not Republicans, and he still beat her by 12 percent, and you see the numbers obviously in Nevada, you see the numbers in South Carolina. My father is up 30 points in South Carolina, in Nikki Haley's home state.KILMEADE: Right.E. TRUMP: He's going to be the presumptive nominee. There is no question about it, and I'm proud of my father. He's taken so many arrows in the back. What he's had to deal with, the weaponization of government for the last seven years is unthinkable and the man has done an incredible job for the United States of America and as a son, I couldn't be more proud.KILMEADE: And I know he's proud of you. I asked him about it.I wanted to get to a personal side of him, he did three straight interviews with Fox. The next day, I was able to go on his plane, follow him around a little bit, and I asked him about the family getting involved and the toll it has taken over the last six years. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Your family, word is, Melania is going to play a bigger role when you feel as though you got the nomination.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, she's going to play and she always did play a big role. She was somebody that you could rely on. She is very smart, a very compassionate person.And I would rely on her for advice and all of the others. It was really -- I think she's going to be very active in the sense of being active. At the same time, I don't want my family to be too active because they did such a great job last time and they really were gone after by people that were very unfair, I thought very, very unfair.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Eric, he didn't he doesn't want you guys involved. He feels terrible about how they went after you because of him.E. TRUMP: Yes, well, I think that's the reaction from a father and I think that's the right reaction from a father.I mean, Brian, the second my father got into office, I've received a subpoena from the House, the Senate, politically motivated every single day. They came after me ruthlessly, they came after Don. They went after Barron. They went after Melania.They went after everybody in our family, and they did so ruthlessly as a way to get after him, and that's probably the exact same response I would have for my own child. I wouldn't want them part of that swamp, I wouldn't want them taking those arrows at the same time.You know, I am proud to stand by my father's side. He's a remarkable human being. I could not have a better father. He is, I think the best commander- in-chief this country has ever had.We need a fighter right now. And trust me, I will be by his side every single second of every single day. He is doing amazing work. He's the last person in the world and you know this, you walked through that plane, it was a great interview, I saw it. He's the last person in the world that needs the presidency of the United States. He would live a much better life at Mar-a-Lago and playing golf and having great time and spending time with his grandkids, but he wants to save this country.Our republic is under attack. Red, white, and blue is not what it was. Biden is literally crushing our country on every quantifiable front.KILMEADE: Right.E. TRUMP: We've got to get our country back, Brian. This no longer looks like America. The politicization, the weaponization, the bad economy, the rampant inflation, the oil prices and everything else. This no longer looks like America. We're losing our country.And I promise you, we're going to win it back, Brian, we're going to win it back. And he's the guy to do it.KILMEADE: And you guys are winning in almost every poll.Hey, Eric, thanks so much for your time. And if your father is watching, sorry, dad, he's not listening. He's going to be by your side.Thanks, Eric.Next, a group of Dems are forced to take matters into their own hands as Chicago's migrant crisis gets out of control.Plus, no pants no problem. That's what many women are saying as their bottomless looks become the latest fashion trend. No joke.By the way, be sure to follow us -- I wear pants on -- social media. You can follow us on Twitter, whatever they're calling it these days, Facebook, Instagram, Rumble. I've also got my website BrianKilmeade.com.Now bring up the music, throw in the graphics.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: You know, this week, we've seen red states right behind me off my left shoulder and the country band together behind Texas in order to win its battle against the Biden administration to seal the border. Here's the warry, the red states are backing up Texas, and they're taking on everybody over in Washington and it is affecting a lot of the blue states that are not actually colored in. But if you've seen these major cities, you know they're all affected.Now, one blue city especially is waging its own fight against this border crisis. It is Chicago where they've got 35,000 migrants arrived since last August straining the city's resources and sparking outrage in the community.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDRE SMITH (D), ILLINOIS STATE REPRESENTATIVE: You know, the governor of Texas didn't call Chicago a sanctuary city. The mayor called Chicago a sanctuary city. The mayor allowed illegal migrants to come in here and pay them with taxpayer dollars.You know, the thing about it is our mayor has no plan. Now he is said to be having panic attacks, we need to actually recall the mayor.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: That would be a great idea. I don't know why you put him there in the first place.But my next guests are Chicago Democrats and are joining the chorus saying enough is enough after a building in their southside neighborhood intended to be used as a community center is now being designated as a new shelter for migrants.Joining us right now, Natasha Dunn and her neighbor, 24-year veteran of the military, J. Darnell Jones. She's an education activist. He's now a DEI consultant, and they're both co-plaintiffs in the lawsuit against the city of Chicago.Welcome to both you.Natasha, what was your breaking point?NATASHA DUNN, SUING EDUCATION ACTIVIST: So my breaking point was when the city of Chicago in a short notice under Mayor Lori Lightfoot gave us a notice within two days that they were going to hold a community meeting to use our former closed high school as migrant housing.We had already noticed that in Woodline, they had started the process by using a closed school and that situation was a couple failure, catastrophic failure. The community was not allowed to have any input in it. They did fight back against it, but the mayor decided to go along with it.So we knew that when we got that notice to the meeting, I specifically knew that there was nothing left to do than to file a lawsuit to stop this from happening because we realized that they weren't going to listen.KILMEADE: So J. Darnell, you're a lawyer, when did you realize legal action was your only way?J. DARNELL JONES, CHICAGO RESIDENT SUING THE CITY: Well, we know that historically, Black communities are expected to protest and march and not do anything that's really going to impact the decisions. So at that point, we knew that taking legal action was our only course.KILMEADE: So you are taking legal action. Can you describe the services that the illegal migrants are getting, as opposed to what the people of the city need? Do you want to start, Natasha? What do you see that they're getting that's really getting under your skin?DUNN: Yes, and let me be clear, we were able to stop the city from putting the migrants in the school building, so they're not in our school building here in the city of Chicago. We were successful in that aspect.But what we see across the city of Chicago is that they're getting access to -- they're getting up to $9,000.00 in funding. They're getting access, they're getting rental assistance, they are getting support. Free childcare, free transportation, and with the housing situation, we're noticing now, the city of Chicago has been scrambling to really find places for them to go.So they're making deals with land owners. And the problem with that is that in the Black community, there's a lot of absent land owners and they've left dilapidated properties in our neighborhoods.We have fought for years to try to get those dilapidated properties to come back into the community. And now all of a sudden, now there is this money falling from out the sky for migrants. These land owners are now using the money to renovate to allow migrants to get in.Let me give you an example. This one land owner in Southshore has an eight- unit building, decimated eight-unit building. This man was allowed by the city of Chicago to turn this eight-unit building into a bed for 69 migrants. He already has a history of being the slum landlord.So we're now beginning to see that they're prioritizing migrants in housing and then also utilizing land that really should be renovated and brought back into the community for community use.KILMEADE: Yes, Jay Darnell, real quick, what's your message to the president out there and the mayor, because the worst is yet to come. We have reporters on the border every day it is falling apart. What is your message to the people who allowed this to happen?JONES: My message is, first of all, is that, you know, I don't believe one political party is any better than the other in terms of making sure that the needs of Black people specifically are being met. We know that because there's been a history of asking and asking and not receiving anything, regardless of who you voted for.However, I do believe that this immigration issue, there's just one more bit of evidence to show that this is about corporate interests. This is not about us and they will do anything they need to do and want to do to ensure those interests are met not ours.KILMEADE: I hear you. I mean, I'm seeing them getting dropped off on Long Island where I'm in, working class communities, going by the rich communities, because they know they put too much of a stake.And remember when those migrants landed in Martha's Vineyard, all hell broke loose because they had a dozen. You're dealing with 35,000.DUNN: Yes.KILMEADE: We've got 67,000. Unbelievable.Thanks so much for taking action and not just standing by, guys. We will keep fighting for you and you keep fighting, too.DUNN: Thank you.KILMEADE: Next, the Taylor Swift effect is changing the game of football you have to say in many ways, and bringing more fans to the number one sport in America.Fox Sports NFL insider, Jay Glazer joins me to break down how Swift Fox- seen cameos are bringing the NFL viewership to new heights.And please come see me in Henderson, Nevada. It's going to be fun, a great patriotic day and night, April 27th. I'll be there live with my new book, "Teddy and Booker T" and talking about what made America great.Here's an example.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Please welcome to the stage, Brian Kilmeade.KILMEADE: Other countries might have longer histories, but they don't have better histories.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you prepared to give your life for a new country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your fault.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have to come see Brian's show.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's absolutely --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Fabulous.KILMEADE: That is your country. That is your story.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JACKIE IBANEZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening and welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jackie Ibanez in New York.The head of the UN's refugee agency in Gaza is urging countries to reconsider their decision to pull funding. This, after 12 aid workers with the organization were fired for allegedly being involved in the deadly October 7th attacks in Israel. It's not clear how the staffers are connected. The UN is investigating and says those involved may face criminal charges.The growing list of nations pausing support includes the US, UK, and Italy.Meanwhile, President Biden says he's now willing to accept tougher measures to secure the southern border. It comes after Speaker Mike Johnson warned the emerging border deal in the Senate is dead on arrival in the House. Some of the proposals would allow the border to close if daily migrant crossings reach 4,000 in one week.I'm Jackie Ibanez. Now back to ONE NATION.KILMEADE: Welcome back.You know, since its inception, this show has been bring you dispatches from our war in our nation's history. It's nonstop. From the woke infiltration of our nation's sacred historic presidential sites, we've been to a lot of them, to the extremists tearing down statues and cities across the country. And of course, the mascot mania that has dropped so many schools and sports teams of their history including my high school.Well, history just claimed a victory against the woke mob in York County, Pennsylvania where the newly elected school board voted to allow Susquehanna High School to reclaim its traditional warrior head logo, which depicts a Native American in a feather headdress with a tomahawk and a pipe. Why? Because that's what they look like.The logo which honors the Susquehanna Indian tribe that the school was named for was forcibly removed a few years ago by the previous school board. So what do they do? The community fought back electing five new school committee members who ran on a pro-Native American and anti-cancel culture platform. There is some hope.We are heartened to see how this community fought back at the ballot box against the erasure of their heritage and we hope to see more schools, towns, and teams follow suit.We'll be here to cover it all, and hopefully my town in Massapequa Chiefs will leave the word "chiefs" in there as their nickname. That will save us a lot of money, too.And let's talk football: Conference Championship Sunday is here.I love this Sunday more than Super Bowl Sunday. You've got the Kansas City Chiefs and Baltimore Ravens playing for the AFC title; then on Fox, the Detroit Lions. Everybody loves this team and the San Francisco 49ers battle it out for the NFC crown that will be at 6:30, coverage starts a little bit earlier.And many are wondering if they'll get a glimpse of the NFL newest ratings weapon, Travis Kelce's girlfriend, I think you pronounce her name Taylor Swift.The AFC Championship game between the Buffalo Bills and Chiefs broke records, 50 million plus viewers. Why? A lot has to do with that. Much of the TV coverage devoted to showing cutaways or waiting for the cutaways of cheering on the Chiefs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do you make of the Taylor Swift phenomenon? What does it mean for the league? What does it mean for excitement?DAVE PORTNOY, FOUNDER, BARSTOOL SPORTS: The stats on what she did are like insane. It was like double the --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Also Taylor Swift -- the Taylor Swift effect is real and the NFL, they just found out about it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's beautiful. It's a win all around. Everybody wins. The NFL, like you just say gets access to a demographic that they historically haven't had access to.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: I never thought I would be talking about this, but Joining me now is the NFL insider on Fox NFL Sunday the best in the business. He's got a podcast called "Unbreakable." It's excellent and Jay Glazer is here.Jay, great to see you.JAY GLAZER, FOX SPORTS: You too, brother. How are we doing?KILMEADE: All right, I've got to talk a little pop culture first. What has, for a guy that goes inside the numbers also and picks up the phones and goes to practices and training camps, how much does the Taylor Swift thing matter this year?GLAZER: It's great. Are you kidding me?Look, Taylor Swift is, first of all, she's authentic. And you know, she brings obviously a different demographic. I think it's fantastic.She's a genius at what she does. The NFL is a genius in how they market things. It couldn't be better. There's nothing to hate on here.I think there's just all love in my opinion. Plus, look, Travis Kelce, I've known him for years. He used to come train out at our gym at "Unbreakable" and the dude has never changed. I just talked about authenticity. He has never changed. It's never affected him, and I'm happy for him, man.A lot of times, good things do happen to good people and Travis is one of those good people.KILMEADE: And last week's ratings, 49ers-Packers without her was up 31 percent for Fox, so that's pretty significant. Ratings are also through the roof. I want to talk if we can about some of the coaching changes because one guy doesn't have a job right now and might be the second winningest coach in history and it is Bill Belichick. How do you explain that?GLAZER: Look, he is the greatest coach in the history of the NFL, but things change, and I was saying that all year long. I didn't really see too many landing spots for him, and the reason why is the way that the culture is shifting.You see these teams now wanting a different guy than what Bill Belichick did. Bill Belichick, look, he obviously, you know rules with a different fist. But there's a lot that comes with that.So you look at -- look, the NFC Championship games, guys like Dan Campbell who is just again, I keep using this word authentic, but he is so authentic. Demeco Ryans just did down in Houston. Guys like Sean McVeigh and Mike Tomlin to Mike McDaniels and I think even this new hiring shift, Raheem Morris and Dave Canales they want guys are coming in.We're going to be more positive; more hey, I believe in you instead of more I'm going to beat you down. And you know, I think with Belichick when you bring him in, you're not just getting a coach. You're bringing in somebody that can say okay, I'm going to change his whole entire culture you're probably going to win there, but there's going to be a lot of change in there and I think a lot of owners are saying I don't know if I want to just have a complete upheaval right now.KILMEADE: Yes, I guess so. You've got a couple of spots to open. We'll see where it goes. Let's talk about these games in the game that you guys have.Lions gets the 49ers. If I put up 50 states, the map of the US, the only place and maybe it's just Northern California that wants the 49ers to win outside diehard 49er fans are San Francisco because most of the country loves the Lions story.Tell me how these two teams match up.GLAZER: Man, these two teams match up like two heavyweight punchers, and that's the thing. They're the most physical teams in the NFC. You know, I talked about Dan Campbell, and I've known Dan since he was a rookie player in the NFL.He's played the same way. He's coached the same way. And you saw like, we just talked about him like believing in these guys, loving these guys up. But they play with his attitude. He wants to fight you. You want to turn it into a fight.And every moment, the 49ers do the same thing. They are the most physical teams in the league. They're not, you know, finesse teams. I love it. I love what kind of two heavyweight title contenders get together and just get to duke it out.KILMEADE: I love the fact that a couple of years ago, they were winless. I mean winless. And we used to watch his press conference and he used to go to bat for his guys.GLAZER: Yes, and you know what? Detroit deserves this.KILMEADE: Huh?GLAZER: Yes, yes, and now Detroit deserves this, but also you saw, like Dan would talk about it, and I've been out there at his practices. And he would have cameras aren't on. He's like crying to his players. He cares about these guys so much. He's in it.So he got them to believe, and you know, I know a lot of people said, oh my gosh, he was -- some of the talk you had when he first got the job was crazy. We're going to bite your kneecap. We're going to do this and this.But I understood it. He's like, we're going to be relentless and keep coming and keep coming and keep coming. Until you go, oh, my God, get the Lions off me. And that's exactly what they've done.And you know what Jared Goff has done? I don't know a lot of people could actually go through what Jared Goff has done also and rise up to this occasion. But man, that city, Detroit, they deserve this.KILMEADE: Absolutely. And Deebo Samuels, you think he'll play for the 49ers?GLAZER: Yes, look, you know, you're going to have to tune into our pregame show, obviously tomorrow for it. But he they're a completely different offense, when he's not healthy. Because they could do so many different things with Deebo and Christian McCaffrey and kill and put them in different places. And you're like, all right, who's really the running back? Who's actually in the slot? Who's playing over it? You know --KILMEADE: He does everything.GLAZER: The exposition, there's so many different things you could do to these guys, yes.KILMEADE: And this game is going to be on Fox. So be sure to tune to the NFC Championship game between the Detroit Lions.GLAZER: Absolutely.KILMEADE: San Francisco 49ers only on Fox. Coverage is going to begin at six o'clock with the pregame show. And Jay, you've got your podcast, wildly successful, called "Unbreakable." It's going to be slightly different now. Right?GLAZER: Yep. It was called "The Mental Health Podcast." And I think you know, the reason why I did it, is to just start giving it word, so we could start having this conversation and understand there's a lot that goes on here. But now I've actually shifted it to a mental wealth podcast. Now that we can talk about it. I really want it to be inspiring of everybody who is successful. They've gone through things to get to where they are, what's your journey? What have you overcome? What almost broke you but couldn't? And now that leads to mental wealth.KILMEADE: Nice. We're going to watch you tomorrow and get through all the breaking news and get the great coverage. You had another great season, Jay, I hope you are able to enjoy the Super Bowl because you don't have to work it this year.GLAZER: Thank you, brother.KILMEADE: Thank you for showing up to work at this year. Next year, we'll be out with you with the Fox Super Bowl. Jay Glazer, thanks so much.GLAZER: You know it. It doesn't stop. Thank you, brother.KILMEADE: Yes, especially, your phone never stops either.Next, open relationships. They're taking a hold of 2024, twenty-five percent of all relationships somehow have a third couple in it. Who's buying in and who's not. I want to ask the expert comedian, Jamie Lissow, at least he told me, he was an expert. Let's see if he lives up to the hype.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, it is time for the segment you absolutely love, it is the hottest stories in the country that everybody is talking about, just not on television. Here to duel it out is the legend himself, Jamie Lissow.Jamie happens to be probably our most frequent guest and dare I say most liked.JAMIE LISSOW, COMEDIAN: Oh, wow. That's incredible. I didn't know you had so few guests.KILMEADE: No, I have a lot. Believe me and I always -- I never introduce them like that.Jamie, you ready to start?LISSOW: I'm ready.KILMEADE: All right, cue the music. Let's begin with some great stories. How about this? I don't know if you've noticed enough, but a lot of women are walking around without pants. And it turns out it's not a mistake, and it's not just for celebrities. For the most part women have always felt comfortable without pants. Not just Kendall Jenner. Not just other celebrities.Does this surprise you like Haley Bieber?LISSOW: So I will say women don't feel comfortable around me without pants, but I don't think we should be drawing attention to this. I think this is a huge mistake, Brian.KILMEADE: Why?LISSOW: If I draw attention to this, they're going to stop doing it. Remember when Lululemon had those pants and they said, oh, we can kind of see women's parts through do the pants?KILMEADE: Right.LISSOW: Who told them? Let's keep this to ourselves.KILMEADE: I love this quote, too, and this is a great point to. Beverly Nguyen, "Listen, I hate pants." She thinks the look works best with a conservative pairing. Business up top, party on the bottom.LISSOW: Oh, I love that.KILMEADE: Your story now.LISSOW: So listen, I don't know if you've heard about this, but Madonna who is getting up there in age, she is 65.KILMEADE: Right.LISSOW: She was sued by a couple of fans at a concert. They said, she was two hours late and this shows you exactly how old her fans are. The fan said, "We had to get up early in the morning." That's what they said.KILMEADE: This is definitely a different Madonna fan ship. Your thoughts? Have you ever been late to a show and people -- do people stick around two hours very Jaime show?LISSOW: I am always on time, but like the last show I did. My fans didn't show up at all.KILMEADE: Right.LISSOW: Nobody came.KILMEADE: And you blamed that on?LISSOW: Yes, it was really weird. You know my fans are old too, so I'm not talking about you know, like my fans are pretty old like --KILMEADE: You're pro old.LISSOW: Yes, last night, I am pro-old. Last night, an older guy in the front row middle of the show, his phone alarm goes off, 60 people took their pills.KILMEADE: That is an older crowd. But I'm not against it, it doesn't mean they're bad.LISSOW: Yes.KILMEADE: What about open relationships. It turns out it's not just you, Jamie.LISSOW: Yes.KILMEADE: There are other people getting involved in this. This is called consensual non-monogamous relationships.LISSOW: Sure.KILMEADE: And it happening now in 22 percent of relationships. What do you think about this? Triangles? Consensual triangle relationship?LISSOW: I don't know. I have trouble with just a line, let alone a triangle.KILMEADE: Right.LISSOW: Having a third point. Can you imagine, Brian, it is Monday night.KILMEADE: Right.LISSOW: You go, hey, honey, can I -- you mind if I go out with the guys for a beer? And she goes, Sure. And then you go across the hall and you go, hi, honey, would it be okay if I went out for a beer with the guys? And you've got to ask all these people?KILMEADE: All three?LISSOW: Yes, or get in an argument regarding some space. Another girl there.KILMEADE: And this is a good point because they do point out some negatives to triangle relationships. Who would think it could get complicated? Number one, it is expensive, a lot more drama. And also, you have to make a lot of plans. You've got to be very organized.LISSOW: Yes.KILMEADE: I don't believe that. I don't believe that this is really happening.LISSOW: It's a terrible idea.KILMEADE: Next? Jon Stewart.LISSOW: I have trouble even getting a girl to secure a closed relationship. Jon Stewart -- did you hear this? Returning to "The Daily Show" as a host and executive producer.KILMEADE: What are your thoughts on this? Just Monday night, he does this?LISSOW: I think he's going to get shot. I think he's going to get shot. I think the best thing going for him is that his name is not Trevor Noah.KILMEADE: Right.LISSOW: I think he's back in Comedy Central. It is an actual network. Did you know Jon Stewart had another show?KILMEADE: On Apple, I guess?LISSOW: Yes, I think the one before that aired only on selected JetBlue flights. And so he's excited to get back on the network. I think he's going to do okay, but it's kind of crazy.KILMEADE: I know how funny he is, if he wants to be really successful people, be more like Bill Maher.LISSOW: That's right.KILMEADE: Equal opportunity offender. That's personally but no one asked for my career advice.LISSOW: More balanced.KILMEADE: Tech experts say there's a little bit of a problem. A lot of our passwords are getting compromised, and we only have ourselves to blame. Why? Because they are so predictable, our passwords. Here are the five most common then you can tell me yours. One, two, three, four, five, six. Number two is "admin." The other one is Q-W-E-R-T-Y, which is really -- you know what that is. First page of your keyboard. The first line -- welcome and password. This has been a problem in the past. Remember this documentary that was done earlier?["SPACEBALLS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: One, two, three, four, five.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's the stupidest combination I've ever heard in my life. That's the kind of thing an idiot would have on his luggage.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did it work? Where's the cake?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It worked, sir. We have the combination.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Great. What's the combination?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: One, two, three, four, five.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: One, two, three, four, five.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's amazing. I got the same combination on my luggage.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Jamie, that's all the time we have now but just tell me where your shows are going to be. When do we see live again?LISSOW: Oh, so in two weeks I will be in Jacksonville, Florida. Then I'll be in Naples, Florida.KILMEADE: Fantastic.LISSOW: The place is called The Comedy Zone, second place is called Off The Hook Florida rules, man. Florida, big Fox News fan.KILMEADE: His show sell out quick, so don't be foolish. Order now.Jamie, great to see you.LISSOW: Nice to see you. Thank you.KILMEADE: Fantastic. I'm sorry you also have to do "Gutfeld" at some point because you're in the building. He probably spotted you on the monitor.Up next, viewer e-mails. We are sharing your comments, questions and your videos. Don't move. We will gradually zoom out, but don't be alarmed.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: Welcome back. Let's wrap this up.We asked you to e-mail us and e-mail us you did. I also want to see your videos, but this week, it's only e-mails.In reference to my story last week that Dave Rubin talked about seeing illegal immigrants going through the airport, Shad writes this: I'm a major airline crew member in a major airline carrier. We saw a sign that said migrants with no paperwork enter here. This was at the TSA checkpoint. He was blown away and had to ask if it was true. Confirmed by the TSA. He was completely flabbergasted about what's happening.So am I. I was blown away and that's why Dave Rubin has gotten so many hits on his Locals site.Meanwhile, Roland says this: For my 77th birthday, I would like to go grocery shopping with Joe. I know, then Joe will finally realize how expensive he made everything.Keep the comments coming. Social media, e-mail us OneNation@fox.com You can find us everywhere and hope you will.Don't forget if you send in a video, we will air it on the show and we will send you some of the Fox Nation swag, including this mug that says "Stay Within Yourself." And what about this tumbler, which I knew I wouldn't drop, there you go.And then if you show a picture or video with you in there, that's going to be double credit. Meanwhile, go to ShopFoxNews.com and go get it.That is it for us tonight. On "Fox and Friends" on Sunday, they have four hours and they only gave us one game and it is a great one, Lee Greenwood. I have three hours on radio. I'm going to give you three guests, Emily Schrader, Michael Goodwin and Josh Kraushaar, nine to noon BrianKilmeadeShow.com.Right now, it is time for "Fox News Saturday Night" with Jimmy Failla. I'm going to go next door and just watch. You know what? I'll stay in on my studio and watch.