SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.And tonight, buckle up. We've got a big show for you. Biden challenger Dean Phillips, he's going to join us. This once obscure congressman now gaining momentum in the Democratic Party, 20-plus points in New Hampshire.Also, Senator Tim Scott will respond to the repulsive and pretty disgusting personal attacks he's been facing from the left.And we'll also bring you the low lights from another Biden bizarre speech today. He was in Wisconsin touting Bidenomics of all things.Now, meanwhile, 1,500 miles to the South, a major showdown on the banks of the Rio Grand River is now underway. Joe Biden now is determined to stop Texas from doing the job he won't do and that's enforce our laws and secure the border. This is beyond concerning tonight.According to a bombshell new report from John Solomon, several, as many as 10 former high-ranking officials now at the FBI, they are warning Congress that Biden's border policies have caused a, quote, invasion of military age foreigners who posed one of the most pernicious threats ever to American security. By the way, we've been telling you this. The people coming from Iran and Syria and Egypt and Afghanistan and Russia and China, we've been telling you, and over 10 million now.Joining us now, he just broke this story, editor in chief, justthenews.com investigative reporter John Solomon.John, this is a literally just -- you know, crossed your wire seven minutes ago. Tell us what you -- this is a -- I've never heard of an example like this, except this is real, unlike the 51 former intel people that knew nothing.JOHN SOLOMON, EDITOR IN CHIEF, JUSTTHENEWS.COM: Yeah. What a difference this letter is. It isn't driven by politics or a desire to have a talking point at a debate. It's driven by 250-plus years of experience of FBI executives, now retired. They ran the counterterrorism division, the counterintelligence division, the intelligence gathering division of the FBI, the criminal division of the FBI. They served four FBI directors, seven presidents. That's how much experience is on this letter.These 10 men say they wrote -- they wrote this letter to House Speaker Mike Johnson, the Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, and the chairman of the House and Senate Intelligence and Homeland Security Committee saying, listen, we want to let you know, everything we know about our jobs, everything we did to protect this country from homeland security threats, they -- lights are blinking red. This is the most serious security threat we've seen in our lifetime.And they use the word invasion, the word that Greg Abbott uses, that Ken Paxton uses. They said the country is under an invasion by military age men from hostile countries, both terrorist supporting and countries like China and Russia which don't have our best interest at heart. They're very concerned that these mid -- military age men that have been crossing the border at -- by the thousands, may be looking to make a future attack on American infrastructure since that meets the goals of some of the intelligence objectives that Russia and China we know about from our own intelligence gathering things.Really heavyweights here, we got people like Kevin Brock, the intelligence chief under Bob Mueller. Chris Wenger (ph) ran the criminal division, all of them affirming what the Texas governor is saying, what the FBI director said. Joe Biden's open border is the most serious security threat they've ever seen.HANNITY: I mean, I'm -- I'm looking at this. Let me read from it. In its modern history, the U.S. has never suffered an invasion of the homeland and yet, one is unfolding right now. And this is when they talk about Joe Biden's border policies have unleashed an invasion of military age male foreigners, one of the most pernicious ever threats to American security.By the way, I have been warning that among the people coming here, John, they're coming from Iran, they're coming from Syria, Afghanistan, Egypt, 12,000 from Russia, 26,000 from China. Do you think they're all coming here because they want a better life or are the odds likely percent the terrorist cells have now entered our country as a result of unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants?SOLOMON: Yeah. Listen, Mark Morgan, one of the signatories, used to be at the FBI then ran the Border Protection Agency, he said he's certain that there are terror cells that have crossed on Joe Biden's watch that one day could strike the United States. A man who work for the FBI and the CPB having that level of experience warning that, he's a signatory of this letter. Of course, the threat is real.China doesn't allow its citizens to go to the United States without the permission of the government. So those thousands of Chinese men you mentioned, they're here and the government of China, the communist government of China knows they're here. That's what scares these intelligence experts.This is a warning unlike anything I've seen in my 20-plus years of covering the FBI, and it's done really without a political bit. It's just to say, hey, we need something now.Mike Johnson, the speaker, told me tonight, this letter is why House Republicans need to hold out not for some compromise, but for a radically- altering, changing posture at our southern border.HANNITY: And that means HR-1.John, great breaking news, and it fits into -- you know, what is brewing down at the Texas border now. We appreciate it.Now to more major news from that southern border. Now, in recent weeks, the state of Texas, they finally added mere necessity had to take total control of a public park. This is one on Eagle Pass that served as a very key entry point for waves of illegal immigrants. Joe Biden unvetted illegal immigrants now around the 10 million mark.For three-long years Joe Biden has refused to secure this location or almost any other location along our southern border. We're now as I said approaching 10 million illegal, unvetted Biden immigrants pouring into Texas and then, of course, being distributed, free transportation by Joe Biden, more than the entire population of Dallas now going to city and states that frankly have no idea what to do with these people.And few by the way have undergone any -- certainly not proper security vetting, no health screening, all requiring your public assistance dollars. This is a crisis that impacts and affects every single corner of the country, but it's the most severe in border states.So, Governor Greg Abbott -- well, they're not going to enforce the law, he had to take matters into his own hands as he should, and he declared a disaster, which it is. He deployed state police, the National Guard to secure the Texas border. He booted the feds out of Shelby Park in Eagles Pass. They weren't doing their job. He ordered the installation of new barriers and razor wire to deter illegal crossings.So how did the Biden administration thank Texas for their effort to do their job for them and secure the border, they sued Texas. Now, this is the same Joe Biden, you know, Vladimir Putin can shoot down our drones, no consequences. Invade Ukraine, yeah, not a lot of consequences.President Xi, spy balloons, unfair trade practices, intellectual property theft, confronting our Air Force in international airways, our Navy in international waterways, the mullahs in Iran walk all over Joe, what does he do? Nothing.All of a sudden now, your president wants to act tough because he's dealing with the state of Texas? Because the governor is doing Joe's job? That the governor is upholding the law? That Governor Abbott is trying to secure the border in his state and enforce the laws of our country to keep not only his citizens safe but all of us?And Biden suing the state over a new law, enabling local law enforcement to arrest illegal immigrants in this country and he even sued Texas over the installation of razor wire at the border and what was that insane 5-4 decision? The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the federal government can take down the wire.However, if you look at that ruling, they didn't prohibit Texas from putting it up. So, now, Abbott has ordered the installation of even more razor wire. And the court, by the way, did not give an opinion on Abbott's decision to boot the federal government out of Shelby Park. So, now, we're going to have a law enforcement bizarre showdown which is now underway between Abbott and Texas, they want to enforce the law, secure the border, versus Biden and the federal government, the ones that have encouraged lawlessness and asylum abuse, the very people that have been aiding and abetting those people breaking the law, allowing unvetted people from all over the world into our country.And Abbott, by the way, is not standing alone. We got to give a big shout out, a lot of Republican governors now from states have signed a resolution supporting Texas, Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin tweeting, quote, Virginia stands with Texas, Governor Abbott is doing the job Joe Biden and his borders czar, that's a joke, refused to do.Governor Sarah Sanders of Arkansas: President Biden won't defend us, states will have to defend themselves.Ohio Governor Mike DeWine, quote, the Biden administration's policy has been a total failure. We need change now. I support Texas and I support Governor Abbott.Florida Governor Ron DeSantis also standing firmly behind Texas. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R), FLORIDA: Biden is going after Texas saying that they must remove fortifications from their border, they put wire, they put things to keep people out, Biden saying you got to take that down to let people come in illegally, which is just crazy.And I remark that if the Constitution was originally understood to mean that a state could not protect itself against an invasion, that the federal government could force a state to allow an invasion, the Constitution would have never been ratified in the first place. So you have Texas here that's holding its ground. They have every right to fortify the border vis-a-vis an invasion, and that's Article 1 Section 10 of the Constitution. So, they're in the right.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Let's be clear here, these aren't just kind words for a fellow governor. These 25 states, they're offering manpower, they're offering security, they're offering real support. Blue state governors whine and complain, beg for more federal money. You know, Republican governors, they want to take action and enforce the law.So is Republican Congressman, by the way, Mike Collins this week announcing legislation that would prohibit federal officials from removing barriers at the border. But according to MSDNC host Joy Reid, protecting the border is racist, even comparing support for border security to Jim Crow era segregation. You can't make this up. This is NBC News.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: This massive resistance, it sounds like the old Southerners who said that we will resist integration by any means necessary, that Chip Roy language. How does that read inside of the Latino community?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Will somebody tell Joy that her favorite President Joe Biden once worked with the former Klansman to stop the integration of public schools, he didn't want them to be racial jungles. She may want to know that.Pretty delusional otherwise. Now, of course, all of the far-left vitriol next year, we could have commander-in-chief that would actually restore security on our southern border. On Truth Social, former President Trump writing, we encourage all willing states to deploy their guards to Texas to prevent the entry of illegals and to remove them back across the border. Those that Biden has let in should not get comfortable because they will not -- they will be going home.Now, in the meantime, Governor Abbott, he's not backing down. Every day, more law enforcement, more barriers, more razor wire. According to Abbott, the showdown will not end until our border is secure.All right. Here's the big question of the night, what's Joey going to do? What's -- is he going to precipitate a fight between federal law enforcement and Texas guard? Is he going to send troops to confront the Texas guard?Here with reaction Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, and another state leader who is supporting Texas tonight, South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem.Good to see you both.Governor Noem, first of all, thank you and thanks to all the other Republican governors, and frankly, if Democratic governors were even being honest. This problem has become so massive for them, they should join in supporting you as well.GOV. KRISTI NOEM (R-SD): Absolutely. Every single one of them should join us. This is about our Constitution. This is about us standing united. The 13 original colonies would have never signed the Constitution or ratified it if they didn't know that they didn't have the protections to defend themselves.And so, that's really what this is all about, and I'm going to be at the border tomorrow. I'm going to be there to tell the Texas National Guard to tell those border patrol agents, those folks that are in very difficult situations in the public administration within the state of Texas, that we're not only with them, that we have continued to be with them for the last several years. South Dakota has deployed our national guard to support them and stand alongside them three separate times over the last several years, and we're going to continue to do that. A lot of people talk and a lot of people criticize, we take action.And right now, I'm so proud of what Texas is doing to defend itself. We'll be right there beside them. We'll do everything we can to make sure this invasion stops.HANNITY: Are you willing to send guard from your state, Governor?NOEM: I already have three times. My -- even my Lakota helicopters have been down there conducting surveillance. So they absolutely are -- I'm willing to send National Guard down there to stand alongside. I want it to be different arrangements this time. If we're going to enforce Texas law and if I'm going to have the ability to use these soldiers in a way that's effective, but that'll be absolutely fantastic. They have enjoyed partnering with the Texas National Guard in the past.And I'll tell you one thing, Sean, that is -- that is interesting to me. There's nobody that supports Joe Biden's policies. Nobody in this country. The public doesn't support it. These border patrol agents don't support it.If you talk to anyone in ICE that's down there on the ground that's seen this war zone, they don't -- they don't support what he is doing. Six million people have come into this country illegally. It is an invasion. It is a war zone.HANNITY: It's more than six.NOEM: It's humanitarian -- it is -- it is -- it's an inhumane situation and it is definitely one of those instances where we need to stand up and defend our state rights. And this decision that came out of the Supreme Court, it did not say that Texas couldn't defend itself. It said that they could take down the razor wire, but did not declare that Texas could not defend itself and I believe that still protects our state rights, and that we can certainly take action.The only way Joe Biden would be able to stop the Texas National Guard from taking action is he would have to act -- activate them under Title X, and federally put them on active duty status to keep them from engaging and being under their commander-in-chief, Governor Greg Abbott, it'll be interesting to see what Joe Biden does here because he is making very poor decisions destroying our country, and all the power of our constitution stands with the states.HANNITY: Let me go to you, Ken Paxton. I'll go to these FBI luminaries. I mean, two -- 10 former FBI executives, even those that oversaw the FBI's intelligence, counterterrorism, criminal and training operations. They are saying that that the U.S. has never suffered an invasion of the homeland and yet one is unfolding now, talking about military age foreigners.Now what's going to happen? Joe Biden seems to be giving deadline after deadline. Is he threatening for federal troops to confront guard troops in Texas? Is that -- is that where he's headed here? Does he want to showdown in Texas?KEN PAXTON (R), TEXAS ATTORNEY GENERAL: Look, first of all, thank you to Governor Noem and the rest of the governor for standing with us. I think this is not just a Texas issue now. It's a -- it's a national issue.And as far as the this terrorist threat, I've been worried about this -- it's chilling to hear the report that John Solomon gave and how that could potentially affect my state and really affect the entire country long after Joe Biden is gone, and we're going to be dealing with potential terrorist threats.As far as a showdown, I don't know what Joe Biden's going to do. So far, it seems like every decision he's made has been a bad decision for our country. He is cooperating -- not just cooperating, but he's literally in partnership with these cartels. In the old days, they used to come and try to hide and run away from border patrol, Joe Biden's cut a deal somehow where these cartels transport people directly to the border patrol and then they move them around the country.So we're in a terrible situation. Nothing like this country has ever seen before, and I fear the consequences of Joe Biden's decisions for the next years.HANNITY: Well, he's the one that's not upholding the law. The Supreme Court decision as Governor Noem pointed out, there are a lot of areas where Texas is free to continue to put up wire. They don't have to allow this to happen. But it's beginning to look like that Joe Biden is basically, you know, drawing a line in the sand and he's saying that, you know, the feds are going to come marching into Texas and rip down your razor wire and Governor Abbott saying, we're just going to put it right back up again.PAXTON: Look, I think -- I support the governor. He's going to stand -- I talked to him today for a little while and we talked about this very issue, and I guarantee you, he's going to stand strong, he'll keep putting razor wire up. We'll keep blocking the border. We'll keep doing everything that we need to do to protect our state, despite the fact that this ruling -- this Supreme Court ruling was so wrong, and has such a detrimental effect on our state and our country.HANNITY: Yeah. I can't believe it.Anyway, we really appreciate your time. Thank you, Governor Paxton and Governor Noem. Thank you.While Texas deals with the border crisis, Joe Biden, he took a quick trip north to Wisconsin, you -- as usual, you know, mumbling, bumbling, stumbling and slurring his words, whispering into the microphone, yelling, getting confused as he always is, and then lying about the economy, just like he lies about the border for three years being secure and closed. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Tim, thank you for the introduction. I got to meet -- I got to meet his twins and his wife and no wonder he's here. I tell you what? They're going to keep him here.And thanks to the outstanding Senators Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin. Tammy and Amy Klobuchar and Tina Smith from the state of Minnesota.If I have all three of them on my side, I don't worry about anything.I'm proud to announce $1 billion from the bipartisan infrastructure law will be used to build this new bridge. By the way, used to make beer brewed here, it is used to make the brew beer here in this -- oh, Earth Rider, thanks for the Great Lakes, I wonder why --My professor, well, I won't getting my professor, but look, my predecessor though, he chose a different course.They're still making 50 percent profit. It cost 10 bucks to make it, 10 bucks to make it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: It's like listening to a great, great, great grandpa rambling.Anyway, Biden then took a fun picture with Amy Klobuchar at a local bar but apparently put on his hard hat backwards.Meanwhile, the American people are suffering the effects of Biden inflation, Biden's high interest rates. But the left, they seem to only care about personal attacks. Some of the most repulsive vitriol directed at Senator Tim Scott. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Tim Scott was behind Donald Trump the entire time grinning like a Cheshire cat last night.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What did you think about the Tim Scott moment on the stage with Trump?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I mean, I've called this the great emasculation of the Republican Party.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I know Tim and I are both practicing Christians, but I don't know if he could pray like that to the other side. I mean it was humiliating to watch what Tim Scott.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Tim Scott, he's this big man, what is he so afraid of? What are they so afraid of? Is Donald Trump going to punch him in the nose, you know, if he doesn't suck up to him like that? I mean, there's plenty of job --(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. There's a lot more. Here now to respond, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.You know, Senator, identity groups in America, you're not allowed to attack them. But there seems to be open season on one group, conservative African- Americans. I'm sure you're sick and tired of it because I certainly am. Some of these comments are repulsive.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Absolutely, they are vile and disgusting comments coming from the far left. Sean, the most racist in the country are liberals. The bigotry that comes from the far radical left it's just normal these days. Why? Because they're trying not just to attack me, but they're trying to make sure that any other minority who will think for themselves and consider the GOP, they want to send a message to every single one of them, step out of line and we'll attack you, too.That level of intimidation doesn't work with me and to every single African-American, Hispanic, millennial anybody in the majority population or minority population if you believe in conservatism, stand up and be counted. If you want to make America the greatest nation on God's Green Earth, step into the fire because we have to save this nation. We better save it right now because the radical left, they're so afraid of people like me, people like you, Sean, thinking for ourselves, speaking out and speaking the truth that they will do anything they possibly can to silence the truth.But it doesn't work with me, it's not going to work with others.HANNITY: You -- you're going to be on anybody's short list to be a potential vice president of our country. That's just a fact. Is this a means of just trying to intimidate you, threaten you or maybe they're threatened by you? Just asking.SCOTT: They are certainly threatened by me. Absolutely, Sean, they're threatened by me and they're threatened by people like me. Here's what they refused to say, they refused to say the truth.Under Joe Biden, crime in devastated neighborhoods, crime in impoverished neighborhoods, crime in Black neighborhoods has skyrocketed. When you remove -- when you defund the police, disrespect the police, what do you expect? We've seen devastation after devastation in big liberal Democratic city after big liberal Democrat city.What they're asking for is the same thing conservatives are asking for, a restoration of law and order. They want more policing, not less policing. These are law-abiding citizens that under Joe Biden, crime is high, inflation is high, unemployment is devastating. You can't even afford to buy a house in Bidenomics.So you add together high crime, high inflation, low opportunities, and minorities, millennials, and women all looking to our party for hope. We're bringing it, the GOP coming your way.HANNITY: And by the way -- I just happen to know you personally. I know that this engagement has been a long time coming. I'm not going to give out any more information than that.SCOTT: Yes.HANNITY: And they're even attacking you on that, and it's pretty disgusting. They should be ashamed of themselves, but I don't think they have shame. We're very happy for you and, Senator, we love having you, congratulations.When we come back, former Trump White House official Peter Navarro, he's sentenced to months in prison for defying a congressional subpoena. Huh! Why did that happen to Hunter?Also, Hunter Biden's memoir now landing him in hot water. We'll ask Jim Jordan, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Earlier today, former Trump adviser Peter Navarro was sentenced to four months in prison and fined nearly $10,000 after he was held in contempt to Congress for refusing to cooperate with the now dismantled House January 6 Committee. Now, you might remember this is a crime that the DOJ hardly ever prosecutes. Plenty of people, they've been held in contempt to Congress, never prosecuted, including names that you would know -- Eric Holder, Lois Lerner, Bill Barr, Mark Meadows, Wilbur Ross, just to name a few.Now, just this year, the president's own son Hunter, he defied an initial congressional subpoena, but don't expect any charges. Jail time for contempt to Congress seemingly only applies to former Trump advisers that the media doesn't like, like Peter Navarro and Steve Bannon. And while Hunter won't be held in contempt, he does face other serious charges and, get this, "Politico" is now reporting that prosecutors are now using Hunter's own memoir as evidence.Meanwhile, Congress continues to investigate the Biden family and their foreign influence peddling issues and today, investigators heard from a Chinese businessman who consulted on Hunter and Joe Biden's work surrounding the Chinese oil and energy conglomerate CEFC. According to Chairman James Comer, the House Chinese business man testified that Bidens had no experience in energy and that it was unclear that they even -- you know, what they even brought to the table.Here with reaction, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Jim Jordan, is with us.Let's get your reaction. First of all, of course, they didn't have any experience. What did they offer, what did they do, what did they provide for the services they gave them tens of millions of dollars? That's the million dollar -- that's the $50 million question, isn't it?REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Well, it was access to the brand. Remember, Sean, when we deposed Devon Archer last summer that's what he told us. He said the brand was Joe Biden, access to the brand, access to Joe Biden was what they were selling, what they were offering. I think that's pretty obvious from everything we have found.And so, we continue to work through these witnesses. We got one more -- we got Rob Walker tomorrow. Next week, we have Eric Schwerin, then we have Rob Gordon, the guy at the FBI. Then we get into Tony Bobulinski, Jim Biden and ultimately Hunter Biden in the month of February,, and then we'll have to make a decision, do we move forward with articles of impeachment?HANNITY: All right. Let me move a little bit backwards and ask, you know, what about all these people, Eric Holder, Lois Lerner, they never got prosecuted. Now, I know, initially, you were hesitant to give a new subpoena to Hunter Biden but you thought it was in the best interest of getting to the facts that you would -- all right, give a second subpoena.You didn't have to do that. He could have been charged with the contempt to Congress. Merrick Garland wouldn't do it though. Would -- I don't think he would ever do that to Hunter Biden, do you?JORDAN: Well, we don't know --HANNITY: But Peter Navarro is going jail.JORDAN: Yeah, they indicated -- and to the Peter Navarro issue, never forget about the Januaries (ph). I think this is real important, the ability to cross examine is fundamental to our system of justice, to our system of getting to the facts, fact finding. this was the first committee in history where there wasn't that element. There was no cross-examination element. It was all partisan.I mean, this is as old -- this principle is as old as it gets. You can go in Scripture, the first to present his case seems right until another is able to ask questions. It's the ability to cross-examine. That was not present there.So I can't blame Peter Navarro for not wanting to go in front of this committee, and then on top of that, he has privileges that I think exist between him and the president, executive privilege. So I understand.But they came after him, full tilt, and you're right, Eric Holder and others, that doesn't seem to be the case.HANNITY: All right. Your committee, judiciary, has been looking into whether or not the DOJ and the FBI have been weaponized and criminalized. How ironic that the vice president said this in an -- in an interview earlier this week. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And on the other side, you've got someone who has said that if he were back in office, he would weaponize the Department of Justice, someone who has openly applauded insurrectionists as patriots, someone who has said that they will go after their political enemies. There is then a desire that let's get out there because we can't lose this democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Refresh my memory, Congressman. You know, I'm getting old like Joe now and I'm just wondering, is this the same Kamala Harris that actually tweeted out a bail fund after a police precinct was burned to the ground in the summer of 2020, during one of those mostly peaceful riots that killed dozens of Americans, injured thousands of cops, caused billions of property damage. Did she tweet out a bail fund for the people involved in that case? I -- refresh my memory. I just had this vague recollection.JORDAN: No, she sure did. And also remember the DOJ under Democrat administrations, this is the DOJ that censored Americans. The Department of Justice that said parents were terrorists, the Department of Justice who said pro-life Catholics were extremists, and then that same Department of Justice retaliated against the whistleblowers who came forward and told us about what was being said about Catholics in the Richmond field office.And, oh, by the way, this is the Department of Justice that spied on President Trump, gave us the Mueller investigation, and a special counsel there. And then the second special counsel Jack Smith who's indicted President Trump in D.C., in Miami. I mean, for her to say that is just -- it's almost laughable if it wasn't so darn serious. And it's what we've, as you know, focused so much of this time in Congress on, exposing how these agencies, particularly the Justice Department has been turned on we the people and no one more so than President Trump.HANNITY: Wow, amazing work. This is why what you're doing is that important. We've got to have equal justice, equal application of our laws. We don't have that right now. And America needs to understand how dangerous that is to our country.Jim Jordan, thank you as always.Coming up, coming off a surprisingly strong showing in the great state of New Hampshire, 2024 Democratic candidate, Congressman Dean Phillips, he joins us next. You don't want to miss that.And the one and only Stephen A. Smith, uh-oh, watch out, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Well, this seems to be exactly one elected Democrat in this country right now that's willing to tell the truth about Joe Biden. And that man's name is Minnesota Congressman Dean Phillips. He's been in Congress since 2019.He's running against Joe Biden in a Democratic primary. He got a whopping 20 percent of the vote in New Hampshire, very little coverage of it. But don't expect to hear about him from the media mob because they're actually pretending that they don't know who he is.And the media isn't the only group of Biden allies that Phillips has angered. There's a DNC-backed primary challenger taking his congressional seat away. He was forced out of House leadership. Many Democrats now say he has no future in his own party.But as Phillips himself points out, that party is completely delusional right now. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DEAN PHILLIPS (D-MN), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I've got to tell you guys, I went to a Donald Trump rally a couple of nights ago, never been to one. Met probably 50 Trump people waiting in line. Every single one of them, thoughtful, hospitable, friendly -- all of them so frustrated that they feel nobody is listening to them but Donald Trump. A diverse crowd, people who have never been to a Trump event before.My party is completely delusional right now and somebody had to wake us up. And if that's my job, so be it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, Minnesota Congressman Dean Phillips.First of all, you know, anybody that gets 20 percent in any primary, that's a respectable showing. Congratulations to you.Why did the DNC immediately want to primary you? So, is the answer to that obvious?PHILLIPS: Well, first -- well, first, Sean, thanks for the invitation.And, you know, this is how this nasty game in the political industrial complex works.And, by the way, I need to correct a couple of things. I wasn't shoved out of House leadership. I resigned. And as for my seat, I actually announced that I would not be running again.But you're right, the DNC did recruit somebody to run against me should I continue, and that's just how this game works. There's a culture as you well know, in both sides of the aisle, if you say something that bothers leadership, if you get out of line, if you raise your voice, you're punished.And it reduces independence. It creates a whole bunch of -- flock of sheep if you will, and it's not unique to one part or the other, Sean. In fact, my colleagues on the other side have the same problem with Donald Trump as you well know.And it saddens me because the more cowardice we have in Congress, the less our country is served. And that's why I'm simply saying the quite part out loud. Let's employ a little common sense, a little decency, a little respect.Conservatives have good points, and so do progressives. And let's stop the nonsense, Sean, because we're in big trouble if we don't get our act together.HANNITY: I agree with that part certainly. There are no Scoop Jackson, you know, Democrats anymore.I think the canary in the coal mine with the Democratic Party going hardcore leftwing is the way they treated then-Senator Joe Lieberman in Connecticut. He had -- he had to run as an independent to hold on to his seat, which he did hold on to.PHILLIPS: Uh-huh.HANNITY: I think that was the beginning of the party really radical left.The one thing that really fascinated me about you is that you decided to take time, go to a Trump rally, introduce yourself to people, and you came back with a far different perception that every Democrat, at least in Congress, all these news networks, this caricature of Donald Trump that they try to portray, and the caricature of the people that support them -- you know, anyone that supports Donald Trump like me, oh, you're just dumb. You don't know what you're doing.I liked his policies. His policies were successful, and I want -- I want that success once again.PHILLIPS: Yeah. You know, Sean, I know you're a fan of the former president. I'm not. But that does not say a thing about the people that have voted for him.And I think as an American, if you're really a patriot, it's your responsibility to go meet your neighbor, to spend sometime together. Life is awfully boring if we're all the same.And, look, I'm running to be president of the United States of America, to lead the free world. Everyone running for a seat like this should make a point to go across the street as I did and spend time with fellow Americans.And, Sean, as I said in that clip, I visited with probably 50 people, thoughtful, respectful, hospitable, kind. We had great conversations, a very diverse group.And I thought, you know what? Why are all those running for president not doing the same thing on both sides of the aisle? And if you did, we might actually solve the greatest problem in this country, which is separating into corners, not having debate or deliberation, and that will be the demise of democracy.It was a great experience. I invite fellow Americans, both progressives and conservatives, to do the same thing.HANNITY: You know, it was interesting. In the middle of my debate and my interview with Gavin Newsom, I kind of just stop and I said, here's the problem with the guy that you're praising. He was praising Joe Biden.I said he could not have the conversation we're currently having. He's not capable of it. I've yet to hear any Democrat say that he's not up to the job cognitively.Are you willing to say that?PHILLIPS: Well, Sean, I say this -- you know, I respect -- look, I'm an American. I -- I want to respect my presidents.I do respect President Biden. I'm not seeing cognitively decline. Of course, we're seeing physical and communication decline. I think that's self-evident by any video, but I don't think that is fair.But he's an 81-year-old man. He's a human being. And Donald Trump is 77.You know, 70 percent of the country, Sean, looking for change. They don't want either of these men at the top of the ticket.And, look, I'm running for change. I think we can do so much better. I love my Republican colleagues. I love my Democratic colleagues.We're handing the keys to this country to the far right, the far left. I will call us the exhausted majority in the middle, if you will, have good ideas. We want to get back to the basics and, you know what? Solve problems.When I'm cruising around the country, Sean, they're not talking about Hunter Biden. They're talking about costs. They're talking about the cost of living, the cost of healthcare, the cost of housing.Let's do better. And that's what I'm trying to do, Sean. And I appreciate a little time on your show. I really do.HANNITY: Well, we're glad to have you. But -- I'm pretty convinced that maybe I had an hour or two, I think I could -- I think I could change your mind on a lot of things.PHILLIPS: Well, let's do it. And I think I could change yours on a few things, too. I'd love to do it.HANNITY: I've been doing this a long time.PHILLIPS: Bring it on. Bring it on.HANNITY: It would be worth -- it would be worth a conversation for sure.PHILLIPS: Let's do it.HANNITY: I applaud -- congratulations and we're going to watch your campaign closely.If the media will ignore you, you're always welcome to be on this program, okay?PHILLIPS: Thank you, Sean.HANNITY: Thank you, sir.PHILLIPS: Thank you very much.HANNITY: When we come back, the one and only Stephen A. Smith -- choice words for Democrats pushing Biden's campaign. And more importantly, I want to know who he thinks is going to win the Super Bowl. We'll check -- we'll find out next, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Biden struggles, they are growing more obvious by the day. But Democrats, they are still pushing his candidacy, drawing the ire of many in the media, including our good friend Stephen A. Smith who had this to say to Howard Stern. Take a listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)STEPHEN A. SMITH, ESPN HOST: I'm not saying that Biden is awful and I look at him now and, oh, my God, please get him away. What I'm saying is you're asking me to look at an 82-year-old man who seems to have lost a little bit of his step at the very least and say invest four more years in him. It is an absolute disgrace on the part of the Democratic Party.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, our friend, ESPN host, by the way, the highest rated host on sports television today, am I allowed to say that? With one of the most successful podcast and a guy that now barely answers my text, because he's really gotten that famous -- he's that busy.SMITH: Please, then you go line on national television, man. Come on, man. I always answer your text messages. What's going on, man? You and your trouble-making self. What's up? What's going on?HANNITY: Me and my trouble-making self.What people don't know is -- I always tell you stay out of politics and you always tell me to stay out of sports. But here you are in politics.SMITH: That's true.HANNITY: Look, you know, there are older people that are -- that are energetic, that, you know, Bernie Sanders is older than Joe Biden. Man, that guy is as sharp as he was 10 years ago. Donald Trump, sharp as he's ever been. I've spent hours with him interviewing him.SMITH: No.HANNITY: This guy is falling apart in front of the whole country and it's embarrassing. Why are so few people willing to say it like you are?SMITH: Because they're hardcore in defense of the Democrats, the liberals, the progressives, and they want to make sure that they do everything they can to avert Donald Trump getting back into the White House.You're absolutely right about Bernie Sanders, in terms of -- I like Dean Phillips, Representative Dean Phillips and what he said about Biden in terms of -- you use the word cognitive decline. I wouldn't go that far. Physically, communicatively, yes, there is a decline. There's no doubt about it.But at the end of the day, it's really not about that. He's in office right now. The problem is, is that, you know what? So many tens of millions of Americans are hoping and praying that we go to the polls and support a man that's going to be 82 at that time, and push him in the office for an additional four years.And the point that I keep making and a point that I made on Howard Stern the other day is that the key word here for the Democrats is liberal -- I'm sorry, progressive. Progressive is the word. Progressive.Yet here you are talking to us and wanting us to rely upon an 82-year-old individual to beat somebody that's going to be 78 years old, that's got four federal indictments and 91 counts against him, who by the way, Sean, is slipping himself a little bit of the peers at times. I don't see the same Trump as far as I -- maybe it's fatigue, but he don't look the same.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Stephen, he talks for hours and hours on end. He's well-versed in everything. He is dialed in. He's engaged. He knows what's going on.There is no comparison, but I don't want to get into that with you if I don't have to, but when you have David Axelrod and you have -- you know, guys like Van Jones, Maureen Dowd, and James Carville, very critical of Joe Biden, Van Jones saying his strategy be -- strategy should be to hide and let others speak for him, that's not a good way to run for president.SMITH: No.HANNITY: Switching gears, let's talk -- let's talk football.SMITH: I completely disagree with Van Jones on that. Okay.HANNITY: You think he should continue to mess up cognitively in front of the country? He's not had a good day in months, Stephen.SMITH: I don't -- you cannot have somebody running for the president of the United States and you've got folks on the left talking about how he should hide and let other people speak for him. No, you're trying to run for the presidency again, you speak, you make sure you ready -- you be ready to go or you step aside. I don't want to hear that suggestion.HANNITY: He's not stepping aside.SMITH: I respect -- I respect the hell out of Van Jones, but I don't like that suggestion.HANNITY: All right. Okay. I'll let you take it up with Van Jones. I better not mention Jason Whitlock, or you really ripped my head off.We got have a fun discussion about that.SMITH: Waste the time. It's a waste of time.HANNITY: All right. Let me talk football with you.All right. So Kansas City plays a playoff game. They got 15 million viewers.SMITH: Yes.HANNITY: How much of that is the Taylor Swift-Kelce Travis part of the story?SMITH: People need to stop that nonsense. Certainly, you have to look at Taylor Swift and she is phenomenal, no doubt about that. I actually went to her concert, I took my daughter to her concert. She was sensational, no doubt about it and she has a fan base.It's off the charts, man. I mean, you think about Beyonce, Beyonce obviously nothing that comes before Beyonce in my eyes, but Taylor Swift is absolutely positively something special and spectacular, and when you look at young girls everywhere, they all gravitate, Black, White, Latina, Asian, Native, it don't matter who it is, they all love Taylor Swift, that is true.But football is football. Football is king, and I can assure you that with or without Taylor Swift, the National Football League was going to have --HANNITY: Fifteen million people, that was a big number and you know numbers.All right. Kansas City versus Baltimore, AFC champions, and then the NFC Detroit versus San Francisco. Who wins those two games?SMITH: I think San Francisco wins as long as Deebo Samuel who hurt his shoulder last game plays. If he doesn't play, Detroit can take them.HANNITY: Real quick.SMITH: They were a really good team.In the case -- in the case of Baltimore, can't see -- I'm going with Lamar Jackson and the Baltimore Ravens even against Patrick Mahomes, the great Patrick Mahomes. I'm picking Baltimore. San Francisco-Baltimore in the Super Bowl.HANNITY: Who wins the Super Bowl? Quick.SMITH: Lamar Jackson and the Baltimore Ravens. That's my story and I'm sticking to it but the list is fluid.HANNITY: Stephen A., we love you.More HANNITY after this.SMITH: All right.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face. We'll see you tomorrow night.