(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Grinding out a win in the Granite State, former President Trump emerging victorious tonight. Nikki Haley, saying this is far from over.Good evening, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And I'm Bret Baier. Welcome to our snowy special coverage of the NEW HAMPSHIRE PRIMARY. I think it's a snow globe.MACCALLUM: It is.BAIER: In the Fox (INAUDIBLE).Fox News projecting former President Donald Trump has won New Hampshire. It was a big win. We are just don't know how big. Right now, it stands at 11.5. It is in the double digits. It looked like undeclared voters were going to close the gap here.But some of these late counting areas are coming in bigger for the former president. And that number is going up. 11.5 right now.MACCALLUM: So, on the Democratic side a writing campaign, propelling President Biden to victory. The President was not on the ballot after the DNC opted to skip the state in favor of South Carolina. Skipping Iowa and New Hampshire.BAIER: Meanwhile, former President Trump characterizing his win as a knockout blow. Nikki Haley, saying not so fast. She said at first.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: New Hampshire is first in the nation. It is not the last in the nation.The worst kept secret in politics is how badly the Democrats want to run against Donald Trump.AMERICAN CROWD: Yes!DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: She did very poorly, actually. She had to win. The governor said, she is going to win -- she is going to win -- she is going to win. Then, she failed badly.We'll see you soon. We'll see you on the trail.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So, the former president clearly came out and was not happy with the fact that Nikki Haley came out first, well before the former president speech and said essentially that she was moving on and fighting on.In fact, the e-mail I just received, two e-mails in a row, team Haley, this fight is not over. And then, the next e-mail, President Trump, the race is over.MACCALLUM: Yes.BAIER: So, I think that you just see in those two e-mails exactly how this is going.MACCALLUM: And it's a little ugly at this moment between these two, Kellyanne.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: A little bit. But remember, a couple years ago, we all had a look at the dress, some said Laurel some said Yanni, this is (INAUDIBLE) happen sometimes.But I think, President Trump also sees Nikki sometimes as ungrateful. He made her U.N. Ambassador. She never mentioned who put her there.In the 16 years, I believe, of presidents George W. Bush and President Barack Obama. That position was an ambassador position. It was not a Cabinet position, and President Trump exceeded and allowed that to be a Cabinet position.And I think if people like Nikki Haley are so upset that Republicans didn't won in 2018, the question is very simple. Why did you leave in October and September of 2018, and then not go and campaign for all those Republican presidents.She could have joined Vice President Pence on the trail and helped usher in a Republican majority here in New Hampshire, where she had the support of the sitting governor, Chris Sununu. He has presided over a record number losses of state legislative seats. They went from a 54-seat majority when he first got elected to just a three-seat majority now. That's a fact.She endorsed General Bolduc. She thanked him on the station and he and his wife, I thank him for her service in the military. But she endorsed in here and campaigned for me, loss by nine points. So, there is a lot going on with Republican candidates who underperform.I think her better messages would be if she talked about the America First agenda and promised the voters including the Trump voters, that she would do exactly what he's done, but do it differently. Her differences with him tonight were not about policy. Her differences were about personality or cognitive tests.And I don't know, I think going to South Carolina far is high risk, low reward. She is losing in the Real Clear Politics average by 30 points in our home state. And last point, the statewide elected officials in South Carolina. The governor, the attorney general, lieutenant governor, the members of Congress, the two United States senators, they were all here this weekend campaigning for Trump.BAIER: For the former president.Kayleigh, you know, in the close, it seemed like the Trump campaign was pretty disciplined. They hit the immigration issue a lot at his rallies. And we saw his pitch at the town hall and the speech in Iowa. This was a different speech. You know, he is a fighter, he punches back. He obviously didn't like the speech you heard from Nikki Haley.But he's also, at some point, has to get into general election going after independence and maybe disaffected Democrats.(CROSSTALK)KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.BAIER: And this speech probably whatnot.MCENANY: No, the speech was a speech to dispose of the last remaining competitor. And if you could call it that, she is still significantly behind him. He's pulling a majority support. But to get her out of the race, I would suggest that adopting a general election tone is what you do at this point.And here is why I say this. This was actually a fairly good night for Joe Biden. When you look at our voter analysis, only 10 percent said, I would not vote for Joe Biden, if he is the nominee.He won a plurality of voters who said he was too old, he won a majority of voters who were upset about the Gaza war. So, the divides in the Democrat Party, and this is a small sample size, but perhaps aren't as stark, as one would think.But when you look at the Republican Party, seven in 10, Nikki Haley, voters said I would not vote for Trump. There is a Des Moines Register poll 43 percent said, no, I wouldn't vote for Trump.If I'm Trump, I sit back and I exclusively focus on the general election, I take the posture of a presumptive nominee, I focused on number one, uniting the party, and number two, winning the independence, which Nikki Haley won 55 to 39 percent.That's what I would do. Nikki Haley. I mean, the closest margin is 30 percent in the states ahead. For all intents and purposes, he is the presumptive nominee.You know, in the 2015 campaign, it was all about bringing out new voters about electrifying the base, which has stuck by President Trump throughout all of this really Jessica?And but I wonder if they're going to pivot this time to try to get some of these voters that are voting for Nikki Haley that some of them have voted for Ron DeSantis who maybe is more in his lane.But the Nikki Haley voter, are they going to try to get them do you think?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I'm certainly not an advisor to the Trump campaign. But, it is -- you know, we talk in the millions of votes when we're talking about the general election, but it actually comes down to the tens of thousands. Right?The margins in Georgia and Arizona, in Michigan, and Pennsylvania, it's minut. Right? It can be the difference between whether you came out and you criticize your opponent's dress, which some could interpret as demeaning a woman. Again, which is obviously something that he suffers from, or just making a little offhanded. Comment that someone says, you know what, I'm going to sit home or actually, I want four more years of Joe Biden.So yes, it would be smart as it always was when he was president, if he would listen to Kayleigh about this.But he has an uncontrollable narcissism and rage about him, when he feels insulted. And it's appealing to the base that we love it. He's a counter puncher. But you've now lost a general election.You've presided over the loss of this -- the Republican Senate, the Republican House. The abortion, it's been on the ballot seven times, Democrats have swept it in all of that. And he has not moderated at all. And frankly, I don't think it's in him for -- him to be able to do it for more than 20 minutes.BAIER: You know, Charles, he talked about the issues here and how immigration here is at the top, but it also is an economic issue.CHARLES PAYNE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST: Right.BAIER: And it crosses all boundaries. And it is a weakness for President Biden and the Democrats.Dean Phillips talks about this on the trail, and he talks about how Democrats demean MAGA voters. He talked about it with me today, saying that, you know, it's just strange that they are talking about a group of voters like that.PAYNE: Yes, and I don't think it's narcissism. I think it's -- if you've lived in New York long enough, you know, it's maybe a New York thing. Someone punches you, you punch it back harder.PAYNE: That's where I grew up in Harlem -- so --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Now, does the country is at stake. Right?PAYNE: That he won -- he became president of the United States with that same personality. I don't think the -- you know, listen, I think it's worse with Biden calling MAGA.Biden's anger and vitriol and hatred for MAGA is far more worse than President Trump's individual battles with someone who crosses him. That is something that is really detrimental to this country that the president of the United States despises half of the United States.President Biden, I said earlier today, I just (INAUDIBLE) about a week ago. I had a segment coming up. So, I googled Biden hates MAGA. Nothing but articles, after articles -- after articles. He has express hatred for (INAUDIBLE) of the country.TARLOV: And whose writing those articles?PAYNE: It doesn't matter.TARLOV: And it's not.PAYNE: Because the bottom line is he says it. He has vitriol for them. It so does MSNBC. And so does CNN, and so does the New York Times, they have vitriol for half of the nation. They don't look at them, like fellow Americans. And it's unfortunate. They tried to paint them as racist that all the things that they do to their fellow Americans who simply want a safe home, a safe community for the children and prosperity. They want the same thing, but they demean them all the time.That's why I think Phillips was so intriguing because he went to a rally to find out for himself. And guess what? Golly, these are some pretty cool people. They are just like us.MACCALLUM: And that's exactly what Jamie Dimon said this week as well.BAIER: Jamie Dimon said in Davos. Yes.MACCALLUM: And it's just -- it's smart to understand. And also, you see the shift that's happening, right?You look at black voters, Hispanic voters, college women, Latinos who have moved towards Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.MACCALLUM: So, it's no longer that people are in these boxes based on what their gender is or what they look like. They appear to want, you know, a safe country and they appear to want a good economy, regardless of what label they have.TARLOV: That's completely fine. And I know that the lines have shifted dramatically, and -- but Joe Biden is responsible for a lot of that. So that he's demeaned half the country first of all, it's 74 million people that voted for Donald Trump and he has explicit. Every time he talks about the MAGA movement to say that this is a subsection of the Republican Party, which is borne out in elections when you see people voting against Donald Trump. And this idea that --(CROSSTALK)BAIER: But what about the people voting for him?TARLOV: The way that Democrats --BAIER: What about the people voting for him?TARLOV: Yes. I'm getting --BAIER: He used teleprompter speeches. I mean you have to understand, but it's --TARLOV: Yes, but he is talking about insurrectionists?CONWAY: No.TARLOV: Yes, he is.MACCALLUM: No, no, no.TARLOV: Why is he talking of January 6th? And he calls Donald Trump --(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: He says MAGA like it's a swear word, you know, instead of a slogan.TARLOV: If you get called regularly --(CROSSTALK)CONWAY: He is the president of the United States.TARLOV: And what's Democrats do, thugs.CONWAY: He is the commander-in-chief.TARLOV: Pedophiles.CONWAY: Why can't he solve the border crisis?TARLOV: Socialist, communist.CONWAY: While he's denigrating and castigating Americans.TARLOV: That's what we're talking about, Kellyanne.MACCALLUM: No, I -- no, the voters are talking about that Jessica.TARLOV: No. But,(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: (INAUDIBLE) demeaning voter.CONWAY: The president of the United States, the commander in chief went to Philadelphia a year and a half ago with a marine posted behind.TARLOV: I saw.CONWAY: And gave a decided be political speech where he insulted a large part of the country. And I've said many times on this network, and I'll say it again tonight.If people, a lot of people spend a fraction of the time that they spent obsessing over Donald Trump, the person, learning one thing about the Trump voter, things may be very different.This is Joe Biden's version of Hillary's deplorable and irredeemable.BAIER: And here is one thing, we're going to be talking about this for many months. So, we have to move on.TARLOV: I'm exit (PH).BAIER: OK. Thank you all very much.TARLOV: Thank you.MACCALLUM: All right. So, Alexis McAdams is here in Bedford. She was at the Trump campaign headquarters earlier tonight.Hi, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha and Bret. Yes, the party there ended. So, we came back here to the BVIs. We can give you the latest update. It wasn't electric atmosphere, though inside of the Trump watch. Party there, as the former president took the stage, Hammering Nikki Haley, which is nothing new, right.But also said, the primary is over and the general election starts night watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We are going to win this. And we have no choice, if we don't win, I think our country is finished. I do.I believe our country is finished.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And throughout the day, the former president had told us in some interviews we had with him that he was very confident. He thought he had this in the bag. How confident, Martha and Bret, well, he was already talking about who is going to pick for V.P., right? We saw the Vivek Ramaswamy in that room. And also, Senator Tim Scott. We talked to Senator Tim Scott asking him if he's going to want that V.P. pick, but nobody would say too much about that. But they all sure he stood.Next, to the former president on that stage. I also asked some people in the room about, you know, what do you think about this margin? Do you think Trump won by enough here on the ground, and they said is a win is a win and they're looking forward to seeing what happens in South Carolina. And people here have a lot of, you know, cares about the southern border and the northern border.So, that kind of is what it came down to you guys.BAIER: Yes.MACCALLUM: All right.BAIER: Alexis, thank you.MACCALLUM: Thanks, Alexis.BAIER: RNC. Chairwoman. Ronna McDaniel joins us now. Ronna, thanks for being here. Your thoughts tonight, we have obviously the former president celebrating this win, but Nikki Haley saying, she is going to fight on.We have from the Haley campaign, a sense that, you know, there are 430,000 voters that have voted so far. And they want to hear more from the other half of the party that is not supporting the former president.How do you look at tonight? And what's the RNC's take?RONNA MCDANIEL, CHAIRWOMAN, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: Well, one thing I will say about the whole field of candidates that have run for president on our side, I commend them, they've been great. This has been a great contest.But I think there's some history that was made tonight. We have never had a nominee in our party that has won without winning both without -- and winning either Iowa or New Hampshire. Donald Trump is the first ever to win both. I'm looking at the math and the path going forward. And I don't see it.For Nikki Haley, I think she's run a great campaign. But I do think there is a message that's coming out from the voters, which is very clear. We need to unite around our eventual nominee, which is going to be Donald Trump. And we need to make sure we beat Joe Biden.It is 10 months away until the November election. And we can't wait any longer to put our foot on the gas to beat the worst president to beat a president that's kept our borders open, allowed fentanyl to pour through, allowed inflation to go rampant.He is hurting the American people. And we need to do everything we can to unite so that we can defeat him.MACCALLUM: So, Ronna, let's talk about the turnout tonight and what your take is on the Republican vote for President Trump and the independent vote and how many there were, I think about 4,000 Democrats who registered to be part of this process, they changed their affiliation to registered an unaffiliated.So, you know, how are you seeing all of that sorted out? Because there's a lot of talk about who made up the vote for each of these candidates.You know, Iowa, New Hampshire have had these special roles. And you saw Ron DeSantis really Park himself in Iowa and say, this is where I'm going to win. And if I don't win here, there really wasn't a path.And you saw Nikki, really plant herself in New Hampshire with the support of Governor Sununu, with these undeclared voters, with Democrats crossing over, and I just think if she came in second here, I don't see the path.President Trump won by double digits in both states. This is unprecedented. This isn't the RNC speaking, this isn't the establishment speaking, this is the voters speaking. And when you look at the path going forward, you know, we take personality out of it.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: You're telling Nikki Haley that she needs to get out?MCDANIEL: I'm just saying, look at the path and the math. And I think you have to reflect tonight, if you're on the Haley campaign and say, if I'm not on the ballot in Nevada, if I'm not going to maybe win my home state, what's the most important thing going forward?And every Republican has to agree that Joe Biden is a threat to our country. And if we do not unite, and if we don't come to coalesce to beat him, then we're not going to be successful in 10 months, where the Senate is at stake, the House is at stake, and the White House is at stake.And I just don't see the path and the math. I hope she reflects tonight. I think it's time to move forward, and I think Donald Trump is going to be the nominee.BAIER: So, we -- if you were advising Donald Trump, would you say you should look at Nikki Haley as a V.P. pick? And would you get that person chosen soon to get out on the campaign trail?MCDANIEL: Well, I agree with Kayleigh, I was listening earlier. I do think we should start talking about general election. We are going to have to bring in independence. That is something that we saw in New Hampshire, independents are a big part of states like Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio, our electoral path does not run just through red states.It can't just be Republican voters to get us over the hump. I would look at the president if he asked me, he hasn't, yet, but I would say, please pick a V.P. that could -- that could be president.I think that's something that voters want out of a V.P., and certainly somebody that can be a good partner to you and a good confidant and somebody you trust.BAIER: OK. Ronna McDaniel, we appreciate you coming in tonight.MACCALLUM: Thanks, Ronna.MCDANIEL: Thank you, guys.BAIER: We are getting more Fox News voter analysis. The key issues played here in the Granite State as our special coverage continues. Snowy Manhattan -- New Hampshire -- Manchester, New Hampshire. Thank you. It's 11:16.MACCALLUM: We are not in Manhattan.BAIER: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Welcome back to New Hampshire, everybody. Let's check in with Pete Hegseth. He is at a watch party in Manchester. Hi, Pete.BAIER: Do you still watching, Pete?MACCALLUM: Yes, he still watching.BAIER: Hey, Martha.PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, Martha.We're still watching. Come on. We're all still watching you guys.And what interesting watching over here with the New Hampshire, Republicans hosting this party here.And is talking to party officials, you know, when Nikki Haley came out and gave her speech, it was at five, six percent, the margin for Donald Trump. And these officials said to me, we talked even to some New Hampshire, College Republicans who are working on a spreadsheet in the corner. They said, hey, this is going to be closer to 10, 11, 12 percent, which is you look at the numbers now is exactly what we're seeing at about 81 percent for the channel reporting, it's 11, 12 percent, which is a very different margin than when Nikki Haley took to the stage.The other thing is when you talk to the voters here, and we've talked to dozens of them on Fox Nation throughout the night, they said two things can be true at once. One, Donald Trump won overwhelmingly which we expected. And no one has won -- or Iowa and New Hampshire without winning the nomination.At the same time, they believe Nikki Haley will probably continue. And they said, hey, we know a lot of independents and Democrats who crossed over in our wards in our precincts to vote for Nikki Haley, which they're Republicans. This is a Republican primary. This is now how New Hampshire does his business. But it's still frustrating for Republicans who say that's just the way things happen here onward to South Carolina.You can't step away from the fact that no matter what people say, it was a big night for Donald Trump. But we'll see where it goes from here from the headquarters of the New Hampshire Republicans.Back to you, guys.MACCALLUM: Thanks, Pete.BAIER: Thank you, Pete.Sandra Smith has been watching the issues that propelled the former president to victory tonight. Have a couple of more. Right, Sandra, hey.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Yes. Hey, Bret. Hey, Martha.As far as those top issues for voters, I know you guys have been covering it. The data really is interesting out of New Hampshire. The top issue once again, is immigration for voters on the ground there. In fact, I can tell you that this is a bigger issue in New Hampshire than it even was in Iowa. This number looked more like 41 percent on the ground in Iowa.So, this is 42 percent of voters said this is the top issue for them and of those voters, Donald Trump wins. I mean, this is -- this is a winning issue for him.73 percent of those voters who said that was the top issue cast their ballot for Donald Trump, when it came to the economy. The second biggest issue for voters in New Hampshire, 31 percent of them. Trump still wins on this issue. For people concerned about their finances and about the future of their families' economic health. But by a smaller margin over Nikki Haley, you look at the other issues up here foreign policy and abortion. They're in the single digits.So, again, it's all about immigration and the economy, both winning issues for Donald Trump.Taking a look at fossil fuels. You heard the president and former president talk about it in his speech tonight. You've heard him say drill belt -- baby drill, and if he gets another term in office, this is what he would do. This is another winning issue for him as well.We asked voters in New Hampshire Republican voters on whether they want to expand production of fossil fuels, an overwhelming majority said they favor doing that. And guess who they voted for. Donald Trump, 63 percent. Put their support behind him.If they did not favor that, and they opposed it actually, look at that, she went three-quarters of the voter's support on the ground there in New Hampshire.One of their key findings I want to show you guys, obviously, and the views on abortion from voters in New Hampshire. Of those voters who say that they want to see abortion legal, most of the time, 54 percent. This is -- this is what we saw play out for the candidates. 54 percent put their support behind Nikki Haley, 40 percent for Donald Trump.If they wanted to see abortion illegal, at least some of the time, look at that, almost three-quarters of that vote went to Donald Trump.So, these are some of the big issues on the ground there. And clearly, it shows that Donald Trump is running and campaigning on these winning issues. It was in Iowa, and in this case in New Hampshire.Bret, Martha, back to you.BAIER: OK, Sandra, thank you.You know, it's interesting. 70 percent of Haley's voters tonight, were not registered Republicans. And yet, the former president is winning by about 11-1/2 percent at this hour.MACCALLUM: Yes, and there is a lot of crossover in terms of voters who voted Republican -- in the Republican primary who were independents. And I -- the count that I saw earlier of people who crossed over Democrats who crossed over was 4,000 people did it by that October deadline.But it does appear that there is a significant amount of vote coming from those areas for Nikki Haley.BAIER: And if there is any state that, that would have done worked well for Nikki Haley, this is it.So, the question is what happens next looking ahead to South Carolina.MACCALLUM: So, the head of the RNC just said here on our air that she believes that Nikki Haley should do some reflecting on this. This is Ronna McDaniel saying this. And that she should consider getting out of the race.We'll see if that has any weight with Haley. She seemed very determined to soldier on, and we expect, you know -- when she sees these numbers, she's probably not going to do that.So, we'll see. Our special coverage continues right after this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HALEY: Donald Trump is going to have a harder time fault flee attacking me. The great people of South Carolina know I cut their taxes, but South Carolina voters don't want a coronation, they want an election.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This was a great evening. And I want to thank everybody and the audience. And I want to thank the people that are standing behind me.When you win Iowa and you win New Hampshire, they've never had a loss. There's never been. So, we're not going to be the first, I can tell you.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right, so let's bring in our panel, Brit Hume, Dana Perino, Shannon Bream, and Trey Gowdy. Dana, let me start with you. Pretty spicy speech there from President Trump. You know, how do you think he should have handled that and what do you -- where do you think he needs to put his focus?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: I think that -- well, where he goes next is really important. Part of the thing he has to deal with is the courtroom situations, and he has decided I'm going to be there in person. However, given that we see that the border is the number one issue, I think he doesn't have to spend a lot of time in South Carolina. Nikki Haley is going to have to spend a lot of time in South Carolina if she really hopes to continue there.I think he should go to the border and I think he should take a tour, tell them not to clean up the streets, he wants to see it raw, and I think he should go down there and say I hear you, America, that this is your number one issue. Here's what I would do. I will do these three things. This is -- I'm going to get everybody united behind this. We're going to secure this border. We're going to have a system. It's going to be legal. We like legal immigration. We don't like illegal immigration. And actually, take them there because the press now is going to be falling all over themselves to cover him. They're going to have to go. And if you want to make sure that America really knows what's going on there, that's what I would do.MACCALLUM: And that's a general election message.PERINO: Absolutely. Let her do South Carolina. You move on to the number one issue.BAIER: What else struck you about tonight?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF POLITICAL ANALYST: I think -- well, I think you compare the results in the two parties that's contained there in a kind of an ominous warning for the Republicans because look at the Democratic side, right? Joe Biden, enfeebled, obviously senile, regarded by even a significant number of people in his own party as not really up to the job, he gets this overwhelming victory. They all rally behind him, right? That is a party --BAIER: And they write it on the ballot, yes.HUME: Exactly. That write-in, right? I mean, a kind of a half-bake write-in last-minute deal, and he -- and he prevails and does it overwhelmingly. And I say that that's a sign of a party that understands power and knows how to hold on to it.Meanwhile, the Republicans are divided. We've got -- you know, Trump is as we've talked about, kind of an effective incumbent and it's seen that way, and yet he's got to fend off a challenge here. You know, he's getting in the 50s, mid-50s, that's a big win tonight. You can call it and it and it may be, but it's not the kind of thing you expect an incumbent to get. So, the divisions in the party are very clear.And it's not clear that many -- that many of the voters who supported Nikki Haley tonight, some of them brought in from the ranks of independence, would be prepared to support Trump in a general election. So, there's real weakness there on the Republican side in terms of the divisions within the party.BAIER: Hey, Trey, talk to us about South Carolina. Could Nikki Haley go to South Carolina, park herself there for a month and change the dynamic even though she's trailing by exponential numbers?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think so. I think -- it's a weird dichotomy. People in South Carolina love Nikki Haley. They think she was a really good governor. They think she's courageous. They're not going to vote for her in this primary. People in South Carolina absolutely love Tim Scott. Tim Scott would not beat Donald Trump in a primary.So, Donald Trump won in Iowa, New Hampshire, is going to win Nevada, is going to win South Carolina. So, why not pivot to the presidential -- to the general election in both tone and issue, to Dana's point, on the border? Why talk about what dress someone's wearing and why talk about the 2020 election? Start talking about November.MACCALLUM: Yes. You know, Shannon, it struck me that way as well. I mean, he could have ignored Nikki Haley's speech. You know, it's also powerful to pretend like it didn't even happen. You know, I had a big win here tonight. We're moving on. That's not the way he went.Now, you know, he may turn another page tomorrow, but he does have to win over some voters that are not in his category.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: He does. Our analysis shows that eight out of 10, to Brit's point, of Haley voters say they will not vote for him in the general. So, how do you make that up? Can you bring those people in? If they're Independents, maybe they wouldn't have anyway. But do you close the gap or do you make fun of a dress? I mean, those are the questions.When I went out and talked to Haley voters, they told me there were two main issues of why they were going with her. They didn't like his chaos even if they liked his policies, and they think she's better in the general election. But when I said, what about her policies do you like? Is it the border, is it Ukraine, they really didn't have an answer. It was just that they didn't like Trump. So, if he's going to win those folks over, he's going to have to make some overtures to reach them.BAIER: And Dana, if you're the White House or more importantly the Biden Campaign, are you starting to try to think of different ways to triangulate? Remember, Bill Clinton took a lot of Newt Gingrich's ideas in that reelection bid in 1996 and started to do that. Is there something on the border that this White House starts to do?PERINO: They're trying to, right? They're figuring out a way that -- you heard Blinken say Mexico is doing a great job helping us on fentanyl. They're going -- the Biden officials are going to Mexico City in about three weeks, so maybe they'll try to do something there. That's why if I were President Trump, I would go to the border this week if he can and say I hear you and this is what I would do.President Trump also said something else in that speech that I think is true and that the White House is -- would consider which is he said to Nikki Haley, you think they won't come after you? Because if you were to become the nominee, you'd be the one that would be targeted in all of these investigations. And we -- I think that the Republican voters are saying we think that's true because we want you to fight for us and make sure that doesn't happen to us as well.MACCALLUM: You know, they're shaking up the campaign a little bit, Brit, in the Biden team. They're bringing Jen O'Malley Dillon out of the White House. She's going to Delaware to work on the campaign which was exactly the advice that President Obama gave him to do. You know, when you look at what at the challenge that lies before him now, and he's -- they appear to want very much to run against Trump. They seem very happy with this matchup. But does he, as Brett was saying, you know, sort of start to pivot on some of these things, start to find --HUME: Well, he'd -- he would be wise to do so. He'd be wise to make a deal with the Republicans to get his Ukraine funding and his Israel funding and his and his Taiwan funding and make a deal with the Republicans. And you know -- but I know from what I know of those negotiations on key policy points that are -- that are sort of subtle and not -- you hear about -- you don't hear about every day but matter, he's -- the White House is resisting on those things. It's crazy.You know, this is a very strange election. It has been I think all along which in -- it's an odd election in which each candidate is the is -- I mean, each candidate -- each party's candidate is the other party's best hope. And that's -- that is where we are.BAIER: Guess what? We're going to have many months of that.HUME: I know we are.BAIER: And it's going to be maybe the ugliest election we've ever seen. Do you think?HUME: Well, I think -- well, I do think this. That when -- we see these polls in which Trump beats Biden narrowly but he beats him, right? And there have been a number of polls that have said that. Just wait till the Democrats go to work on Trump and revive the things that people may have forgotten or time has passed and has caused them to soften their feelings about Trump. It isn't going to be pretty.And look, nobody motivates Democrats like Donald Trump. And that's a reality Republicans have to -- are going to have to reckon with. Nobody has ever done it. I've never seen anything like it. People tell me all the time. There's no way Joe Biden got 81 million votes. You've heard me say this, Bret. I agree with that. I think -- I think Donald Trump got Joe Biden those votes. Which is why, you know, he's their best hope and Biden is the Republicans.BAIER: It's quite something. Here we go. The race is called. The results are still taking shape. We're trying to find out exactly the numbers. Will the Former President run up the score here in New Hampshire. Our special coverage continues from our snow globe in Manchester.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: All right, we're getting a clearer picture of the Former President Trump's margin of victory here in New Hampshire. More with a new panel in just a minute. But Bill Hemmer has the latest from the big board here. And we're watching this margin. We're also watching the delegates that come out of this race.BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's right. That's right. It's around 1,215 give or take to really get the nomination. I guess if you look down the calendar, you could see Super Tuesday fitting into that. You can see March 19th fitting in that Super Tuesday too as we're going to call it when we eventually get there in March.This where we start of the night. 1,215 is your number, right? Trump looks like -- well, he had 20 from Iowa. It looks like maybe roughly 12 out of New Hampshire tonight. Put him around 32. Ron DeSantis, his nine eventually at the convention time will be distributed. It looks like Nikki Haley is going to come in somewhere around 17 delegates after tonight.So, that's what we think. And delegates the name of the game, right? So, let's go back to the map and see where we are coming up on midnight here in New Hampshire. Here's your mark. You have 83 percent. Trump is almost hitting the 30,000 raw vote total, percentage-wise 11 points, OK. So, 11 points is going to marinade overnight tonight. We're going to let that settle in and see.You know, Nikki Haley, based on all the polling prior to this primary, she's doing better. That's a fact. Some of the polling suggested that Donald Trump -- that daily tracking poll yesterday, Trump at 60 percent. And I think right now at the moment that might be outside the margin of error for what that daily tracking poll was doing.Let's dive in here for a second here and check out what's happening in Hillsborough. There's going to be more votes coming in guys throughout the night. And the Secretary of State suggesting right now the number is going to be about 322, maybe 324,000. That's a big turnout. That's a big deal for Republicans when you compare it to - with two candidates compared to 2016 where you did around 280,000. So, do the math on that. Bring Charles Payne back. He can -- he can figure out what the percent ages from the jump from uh from eight years ago.Pop on over here to Rockingham County. Let's just canvas this. 25 percent remaining. Trump handedly there almost 15 percent. Here's Merrimack County. You got about 16 percent out. OK, a little closer there with Trump and Haley and I'll just check the other one. Strafford is where most of the people live in New Hampshire, and Trump is up 11 points here.This is Grafton County. We mentioned this a bit earlier today. That seems to be Nikki Haley's best performance. It looks like going in the bed tonight. You know, Nikki Haley will hold up in Grafton County. This is where -- this is where John Kasich did his best eight years ago, so we were watching that.I don't want to neglect this, OK, because the boss will kill me. Coos County, OK. Up in the north, I think we said it correctly once, then we went back to the traditional Coos which folks in the Granite State do not like to hear, so we just want to make sure we point that out. You've got -- these are the rurals now. So, more voters out there overnight. Trump is going to run up the score here in Coos County, but we'll see whether or not that changes this final tally of the 11-point separation between Trump and Haley.So, that's where we are coming up on midnight in the Fox Box.MACCALLUM: All right.BAIER: It is quite something to watch. But Bill, if you look back in the time machine to 2016, obviously he was a new candidate, but he's exponentially outperforming in each of those places tonight, right?HEMMER: Well, I mean, look at the raw vote number is here. And that's 145,000 raw votes, OK. Let me show you a couple of things. There's Democrats --BAIER: Testing his steering ability at the big board.HEMMER: Yes, yes. You got it. So, they're well under. The projection for Democrats coming in tonight was 100,000. They're not there yet. They're about 2,000 shy, about 98,000 as we speak right now. But if you go back in time, Bernie Sanders -- there's a lot of competition, a lot of people in the bout, but he's with 76,000 in 2020.So, you know, look, Trump's got a lot to brag about tonight. Now, he's done something that we have not seen since 1976. Nikki Haley has got a lot to brag about tonight. She outperformed. But how they go at it whether it's in Nevada which is really not going to be much of a contest, but certainly South Carolina which is 31 days away, I do believe.BAIER: Yes it is. And there'll be a board somewhere there for you to use.HEMMER: That works.BAIER: You were awesome tonight, man. Thank you. Thank you.MACCALLUM: Final thoughts with our panel on a historic night in New Hampshire. Big win for the former President Donald Trump. Nikki Haley says she's hanging in there. Our special coverage continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This is an evening uh that I will not forget because it's the third time. But more importantly, I think it's going to be -- I think it's going to be the most important time.HALEY: This race is far from over. There are dozens of states left to go.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Nikki Haley and former President Donald Trump both looking ahead after a hard-fought battle in New Hampshire. Some final Thoughts with our final panel, Katie Pavlich, Charlie Hurt, Juan Williams, and Marc Thiessen.Charlie, you know, this -- the President is winning a decisive win in this primary -- we don't know how decisive yet until all the numbers come in -- despite the fact that more Independents and Democrats voted in this primary than Republicans in the Republican primary. So, all of the numbers as we look at this, this is the best scenario for Nikki Haley as you look at the picture. And still Donald Trump is winning by 11, 12 or whatever it ends up being.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: And she spent weeks here campaigning exclusively and she's not going to be able to do that going forward, you know, a week and a couple of days ago. The big question to me was, you know, are Republican voters ready to despite what they tell pollsters, are they ready to move on and as Nikki Haley says uh go past the chaos that follows Donald Trump.And voters have I think been uh very clear that they are ready to saddle up and fight on, and fight on with Donald Trump. And the fact that she made that the centerpiece of her campaign I think only makes it the answer that much clear.MACCALLUM: So, Katie, when you look at that question of, you know, how he - - how he keeps moving forward and builds on this momentum, right? And it is -- it is true that -- it's an unusual situation because you have more Independent voters than either party, than Republicans or Democrats. So, the largest group of voters here are Independents, and a lot of them you know -- I mean, a lot of them went for Nikki Haley, but Trump won more of them. So, I mean it's a pretty impressive -- does it help him to expand his base?KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first it's clear that Republican voters believe that Donald Trump's campaign is one of unfinished business. When you look at the issues that they are most interested, immigration being the top one, they think that's something he can handle, that he should go back and clean up what the Biden Administration has done. And then the economy of course comes in as number two which is also affected by immigration.Nikki Haley's campaign today put out a lengthy memo talking about her strategy moving forward. And it's actually not about Republican voters, it's about taking advantage of open and semi-open primaries in 11 out of 16 Super Tuesday state. So, there's been a lot of talk tonight about South Carolina, but she's looking to push all the way into March 5th for Super Tuesday. So, her plan is to do that.At the end of the day, Donald Trump's campaign and Republicans are going to need some kind of Independent voter to beat Joe Biden. And there will have to be some kind of reconciliation in the Republican Party. We're not there yet but that is certainly something in the general election if they want to beat Joe Biden they're going to have to grapple with.MACCALLUM: There's about 10 or 11 open primaries on Super Tuesday that that they have their eyes on at this point.BAIER: But South Carolina, Mark, is winner take all. But before South Carolina is the Nevada caucus, and Nikki Haley is not even in that. She cannot get any delegates in that because she signed up for the primary, didn't pay the whatever it is, $55,000 to get into the caucus. So, you know, you're going to have a couple of losses here in a row, Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and then you're going to defend in your home state.MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: She will. And she essentially concede in those and trying to win -- do -- exceed expectations in South Carolina and then go on to Super Tuesday. We'll see if it works. I will tell you that the way Ronald Reagan won the presidency was he won the Reagan Democrats. And the Reagan Democrats were decisive and the Reagan Democrats became Republicans. And we are going to need the Haley Democrats if the Republicans are going to beat Joe Biden.Martha, you made the point earlier about how he's sort of a quasi- incumbent. In 1992, the biggest challenge to an incumbent president was in 199o when Pat Buchanan challenged George H.W. Bush. Buchanan got 38 percent here in New Hampshire, to Bush's 52 percent. Very similar numbers. Actually, Haley did a little bit better than that. The New York Times headline, Bush jarred in first primary. President scored a less than impressive victory over Patrick J. Buchanan.Right now, Haley is doing better than Buchanan did against the de facto incumbent Republican president. Why isn't that jarring? That should be very worrying. And it wasn't that Buchanan had a shot at the nomination. He never did. But it was a sign of general election weakness. You've got a situation now where half of the -- almost half of the voters here in New Hampshire have voted for somebody else. And that's -- and that's should be worrisome going forward.BAIER: Juan, the Trump campaign pushes back and says they're not in the incumbent seat, they're an insurgent. They've been bombarded by political attacks, by -- this is how they talk about it. And that he is after all of this coming out on top. That's how they paint the picture.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think that's delusional. I mean, the fact is that he -- not only -- you know, in the game of politics, it's money, message, but it's also name ID. You can't beat Donald Trump's name ID. He dominates in terms of media. I think the big question now is Nikki Haley is going to push for debates.And she's got ways, if you look at the polls, she's got a way -- she's got messages that she says I can go after Donald Trump successfully, chaos, his lawsuits, his lame duck status, his age. I think that's --MACCALLUM: But she's going to have to win a primary at some point.WILLIAMS: No, no, but I'm saying she's going to push and say if you want to win those Independence, those Reagan Democrats, you're going to have to make an effort to reach out to them. You need a debate.BAIER: Well, it's going to be -- it's going to be fascinating to watch. Panel, thanks so much.MACCALLUM: Thank you, guys.BAIER: And thank you for joining us tonight for Democracy 24 coverage of the New Hampshire primary.MACCALLUM: The coverage continues next with "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with Trace Gallagher. Good night from Bedford. Great to have you all here. We'll see you back in New York and Washington in the coming days.BAIER: Get ready.