LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Okay.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: We've got a big one. Tomorrow. And I've got a bead for you.INGRAHAM: Guess what? I am wearing Mardi Gras purple, which I wore in lot of Rex luncheons, so I have --ARROYO: So am I.INGRAHAM: Oh, you've got the bling.ARROYO: And I bought this medallion for you.INGRAHAM: All right, I am waiting for that king cake, Raymond. All right, Happy Mardi Gras.ARROYO: Don't hold your breath.INGRAHAM: Go to our townhall. Go to my Twitter and you'll find out how to get --JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president proves every day how he operates, how he thinks. He is sharp. He is on top of things.WATTERS: Joe Biden refusing to take a cognitive test.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Person, woman, man, camera, TV.JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: Who do you like? Joe Biden or Donald Trump?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donald Trump.BELISARIO: Why?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Because he keeps it real.WATTERS: Black voters want results. The president offering them chicken.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, I mean, you've got chicken fingers. You've got it.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Go baby. Go.WATTERS: Get ready for the Steroid Olympics.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Lightweight.WATTERS: Plus, Tony Robbins.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: In the 16th Century, Italian diplomat, Niccolo Machiavelli crafted a blueprint for achieving political power. "The Prince" illustrated one of the guiding principles in the art of politics, that a prince will be despised if he is considered changeable, foolish or weak. Machiavelli says a prince should always show courage, seriousness, and most of all strength, because without it, Machiavelli believed that it would divide your base into factions and your weaker factions will be preyed upon by your political enemy and turned against you.And whether they want to admit it or not, every American politician has read Machiavelli, and they go to great lengths to hide weakness. Fearing that if they show weakness, voters will show them the door.FDR, America's longest serving president was wheelchair-bound for long stretches. The American public, clueless to his handicap. FDR devised a way to walk using leg braces and the arms of his most trusted advisers.Woodrow Wilson had a stroke that partially paralyzed him, but his wife, Edith, served as shadow president until the end of his term.Although JFK went out of his way to display his youthful athleticism, behind-the-scenes, he struggled with excruciating back pain, so debilitating he was forced to wear a back brace and undergo invasive spinal surgeries, but you'd never know.Not only did Reagan survive an assassination attempt, the bullet reaching within a half an inch of his heart, there were concerns later in his second term about Alzheimer's, but the Reagan's handled it gracefully.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: You are not getting too old to run again, are you, sir?NANCY REAGAN, FORMER FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: How would you like this cake, Sam?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden has been in Washington for 40 years. He knows when there is blood in the water. He knows that any weakness will be seized upon by the press and his political enemies and even members of his own party.Biden is the oldest president in American history. He suffered two brain aneurysms. And let's be honest, he was a serial plagiarist. He was really never known for his intellect. Biden's brain was an issue back in 2020.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERROL BARNETT, CBS NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Please clarify, specifically, have you taken a cognitive test?JOE BIDEN, THEN CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No, I haven't taken a test. Why the hell would I take a test? Come on, man. That's like saying you, before you got in this program, you take a test whether you are taking cocaine or not. What do you think, huh? Are you a junkie?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I mean, I don't even understand the point he was trying to make. Perhaps the point, it is an insulting question to ask. But this isn't about bad manners. The president's own administration confirmed, he is a doddering old man with diminished facilities who struggles to speak and couldn't remember when he was vice president.Now, the White House denies this, but it was captured on tape. So why wouldn't the White House order the tape released to prove to the country that the president is still with it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Are you eager for this material to be made public? Do you support their release?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Well, look, and I just want to be really clear. It's not just us. There was also bipartisan voices in the legal -- the legal experts who have said it was flatly wrong, right? It was gratuitous, it was inappropriate.REPORTER: So you want to say, given that you think the report is flatly wrong and gratuitous, you can't say you want the material to be made public for the American people to see this?JEAN-PIERRE: No, what I can say is it is being -- they are discussing it. They are looking at it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The administration has a five-hour tape of Biden not remembering when his son died and when he became Barack's VP, and where he exhibits significant limitations. His limitations are so significant, Biden was not charged because a jury would take pity on him. That was the excuse.These tapes are blackmail tapes. If they are released, Biden's re-election campaign is finished. So they are being leveraged over the president and can be used against him at any time.Not only is he compromised by the Chinese, he is now subject to blackmail by his own administration.So if the public can't see the tapes, will Joe Biden take a cognitive test?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MJ LEE, CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Does the White House think that the idea of the president taking a cognition test -- a cognitive test as a part of this physical is a legitimate idea particularly just on the heels of the special counsel report --JEAN-PIERRE: I am just going to say what Dr. O'Connor kind of -- what he said to me about a year ago when the report came out last year, obviously on his physical, which is the president proves every day how he operates, how he thinks, right, by dealing with world leaders, by making really difficult decisions on behalf of the American people, whether it's domestic, whether it is national security, and so he shows it every day on how he thinks, how he operates.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: You mean, Biden makes bad decisions. Eighty-six percent of the country believe that the oldest president ever isn't mentally fit enough to serve another term and he is refusing to take a cognitive test. And the White House doctors refusing to administer one, and the First Lady refuses to acknowledge anything is wrong.One reason to explain this state of affairs, the Goldwater Rule. Barry Goldwater, the Republican nominee for president in 1964 was a workaholic, a cold war hawk who at point suggested lobbing a nuke into the men's room at the Kremlin.Later, a group of random psychiatrists sprinkled throughout the country diagnosed Barry Goldwater as unfit to be president and after that incident, the Goldwater Rule prohibited psychiatrists from diagnosing someone without personally examining them.Now PRIMETIME agrees with the Goldwater Rule. Doctors shouldn't be diagnosing people by just watching them on TV. If they could, I'd be fitted for a straitjacket.Now, the media knows the Goldwater Rule. "The New York Times" writes: "Memory loss requires careful diagnosis, scientists say." But it didn't stop them from diagnosing Trump.The media broke the Goldwater Rule with glee. Remember the headlines?"350 health professionals signed letters to Congress claiming Trump's mental health is deteriorating dangerously.""Doctors want President Trump's head examined.""Psychiatrist warn Trump is becoming more mentally unstable putting us, world at extreme risk.""Trump is mentally unfit. No exam needed."But Trump was game and took a test.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The first questions are very easy. The last questions are much more difficult. Like a memory question. It is -- like you go person, woman, man, camera, TV.So they say, could you repeat that? So, I said, yes. So, it is person, woman, man, camera, TV. If you get it in order, you get extra points. They said nobody gets it in order. It is actually not that easy, but for me, it was easy.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So Trump aced it. What's Biden afraid of?The Biden campaign could easily put out a cognitive test result by releasing special counsel interview tapes, taking tests, doing Super Bowl interviews, making him available for more press conferences. Instead, they are relying on propaganda from allies to tell you not to believe what you see and hear with your own eyes and ears.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: If somebody asked me in a middle of a deposition what year did your mom die? I go. I don't know. 2017, 2018, 2019. I don't know.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): He is fine. All this right-wing propaganda that he is mental acuity is declined is wrong.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): Age is an objective fact. As I say, it is all relative. He is younger than I am, so what do I have to say about his age? But he is again, knowledgeable, wise.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But the media mob is splintering into factions. Some allies as you just heard, insist Biden is Einstein. Others as we showed you last night, "The New York Times," Carville, Axelrod, Bill Maher acknowledge Biden is deteriorating and replaceable.And today, "The Atlantic," a staunchly progressive publication called for a new nominee: "Trump is a sociopathic menace who must be defeated in November. However, well-suited Biden was to the task of dispatching him four years ago. The situation has changed. Biden cannot possibly be the best person for the job today. The time to fix this mess is now before it really is too late."Now, after the Hur report and Biden's press conference, the media has been given license to legitimately cover Biden's brain. And now, every public appearance is being scrutinized through this lens and the president isn't assuring the nation that he is equipped for four more years.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Welcome back to the White House, man. Welcome back.And by the way Barack is looking at you in the corner over there.And along with Qree--- Queen Rania, who is meeting with Jill now, and the Queen -- and the Crown Prince Hussein. Where -- is the Prince out here? I thought he was coming out. Any rate.Your Majesty, over to you.I'm sorry.KING ABDULLAH II, KING OF JORDAN: Mr. President. I'm sorry.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, the president is confused about where to stand and who is talking to. His base is breaking off into factions, which as Machiavelli knows is fatal to political power.RFK, Jr. told PRIMETIME last night, Jill Biden should convince her husband to step down. The media is strategizing about inserting Newsom at the convention, and young voters are not only vulnerable to Trump's appeal, they are straight up enthusiastic about it.We are watching how a Prince loses political power.Senator Lindsey Graham joins me now.Senator Graham, you spent a lot of time with Joe Biden. You guys traveled around the world together, maybe 10 years ago or so. Have you noticed a difference?SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Yes, absolutely. So, it is not what I think. I am a politician. Here's what I think a rule should be: There is credible evidence that the president is physically or mentally compromised, the president owes it to the country to straighten it out, and resolve that doubt.So, release the tapes of the five-hour interview. The special counsel's summary of the interview was unnerving. Every person in the world who is a bad guy read that. I was never more disturbed about our national security after I read that than anytime I can remember.It basically says he did it, but no jury would convict him because they don't think he is competent. So, I think President Biden, after this statement by the special counsel not some political hack, owes it to the country to release the tape and take an exam.WATTERS: Senator, you know how the intelligence community works. We now have a five-hour tape that could just be terminal to the Biden re-election campaign or a second term. They are dangling it over his head. It could be used at any time, released at any moment. Doesn't that put the president in a compromised position?GRAHAM: I just don't think it's fair to the American people to have a statement like this unanswered. You know, don't attack the special counsel's report. The report says that he was a very nice, old man that could not remember basic facts. That's the guy you don't want to be president.So, President Biden, not surrogates owes it to the country to basically put this to rest. Let us listen to the tape. Let see if it was an accurate summary of the interview. Let the tape speak for itself and you know, President Trump has talked about taking an exam.I am very worried that all of this is going to make America less safe. That there is a belief now in writing that the president is not really up to the job. We are very exposed as a nation, yes. Release the tape.WATTERS: Yes, we are. We can already tell the president is not up to the job by what he has done on the border, speaking of which, Senator, they just had a major vote in the House.Mayorkas has been impeached in the House just by one vote. I guess, they are going to walk these Articles at some point over to the Senate.GRAHAM: Right.WATTERS: What do you guys do about that in the Senate now if the Democrats control it?GRAHAM: Well, they will probably make a motion to dismiss, and if all the Democrats vote for it, it will never go to trial, but there will be a requirement by the Senate to dispose of the Articles.Here is what I can say. The border is an unmitigated disaster. I am going down there in a couple of days. We have more people crossing the border illegally than any time in history.December was the worst month ever. Mayorkas has abused the parole laws, violently abused the parole laws. He has been a complete disaster. So, I can understand the House being upset with the way he has handled the problem.But the root cause of the problem is Joe Biden. They will replace Mayorkas with somebody else just like him. If you really want a secure border, you better fire Biden and hire Trump.WATTERS: That's a great point. Senator Lindsey Graham, tell everybody in South Carolina I said hello, all right.GRAHAM: God bless. I hope they put you in a straitjacket.WATTERS: They will try. Thank you, Senator.The Steroid Olympics. The CIA's secret Trump binder.Plus, Tony Robbins.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Black Americans have been Democrats' most loyal voting base since the '60s. In 2020, Biden captured 90 percent of the Black vote. Today, he is polling 30 points lower, but you can't always trust the polls, so PRIMETIME talks to people.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Joe Biden or Donald Trump?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump. He is not the best person in the world, but better than who is in office right now.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donald Trump.BELISARIO: Why?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Because he keeps it real. Even though if he hates people, he is going to let you know, but he is still would get the job done.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I love Donald Trump. Bring back Uncle Trump.BELISARIO: Bring him back?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we need some stimulus.BELISARIO: What do you think about Joe Biden?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He is tired.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What has he done for us so far? We are in inflation.BELISARIO: He has called it shrinkflation.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, where is he shrinking it?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How are you going to say that you are going to do this and do that for all the people and then you go back on your word.BELISARIO: How is Joe Biden doing for the country?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Laughs).BELISARIO: Does that say it all?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, Johnny has gotten the same answers from Black people about Biden for two straight years. He doesn't cherry pick.It is always the same thing, Trump kept it real. He keeps cash in pockets. It's that simple.And even the most popular names in hip-hop, Snoop Dog, 50 Cent are MAGA curious, you could say. Kanye, well. He still knows what it is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You still backing Trump?KANYE WEST, RAPPER; Yes, of course. It's Trump all day. What are you talking about? You know what it is.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, Killer Mike, a hip-hop artist who backed Bernie and just won three Grammys went on "The View" and refused to back Biden. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KILLER MIKE, GRAMMY-WINNING ARTIST: In terms of nationally, I am just kind of doing what my grandfather says, staying out of White folks' business and watch what happens.You know, I am going to see what happens. If there is a candidate that pops up around September-October that needs a push that's really good policy, one that is good for us, I am going to jump up. But for right now, I just don't want to be involved in the soap opera.Black people especially Black men in the south are afraid. They have concerns about immigration, they have concerns around gun control, they have concerns about wealth building.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, if Biden loses just two percent more of the Black vote, Trumps wins. But this looks like a free for all. So what's Biden's plan to shore up his African-American base, the Biden campaign filmed him buying fried chicken for a Black family in North Carolina.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Oh man, you got chicken fingers, you got the whole deal. Went the route of making sure I had a hamburger.So tell me about you guys. What are you doing these days?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am playing AAU basketball right now.BIDEN: Oh, really. Are you a guard?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I mean, they should just have had Hillary over with the hot sauce at that point.We don't know how the chicken summit is going to shake out, but at least Biden is listening to regular Black Americans instead of the race jockeys on MSNBC like Al Sharpton, Ben Crump, the self-appointed spokesman of the community. Do they have anything inspiring to say? No.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BEN CRUMP, ATTORNEY: We can get rid of all the crime in America overnight just like that. And people ask how, Attorney Crump? Change the definition of crime.Of course, if you get to define what conduct is going to be made criminal, you can predict who the criminals are going to be.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That does sound like we are criminal though. Our existence is --CRUMP: No, the culture.AL SHARPTON, MSNBC HOST: They made the laws that way.CRUMP: No, no. They made the law to criminalize our culture.SHARPTON: To fit us.CRUMP: Black culture.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Okay, American criminal law was derived from England where the Black population was nearly nonexistent.So, gentlemen, this has nothing to do with you.And we just hope DEI Thursday doesn't get snowed out this week because PRIMETIME really needs to celebrate.Tommy Sotomayor is a radio show host.Tommy, you are my envoy to Black America. Johnny is my correspondent. You are my envoy. Will the chicken summit be effective?TOMMY SOTOMAYOR, DIRECTOR, A FATHERLESS AMERICA: No, because let me tell you something, Jesse, he forgot to bring watermelon and grape drink. Now, if had brought watermelon and grape drink that would have completed the trifecta, buddy.He felt like we only like chicken and we need these things in conjunction with each other, and I am just sad that he decided to carry it a little farther and say let me get a hamburger so I can let you know I am different than you. I don't know if you heard that part. He didn't decided to have a hamburger, he didn't want none of that negro food.WATTERS: He did not want the chicken, that's for sure.We always send Johnny out. I am sure you've seen all of the shows. You never miss an episode of PRIMETIME. When I used to go out on the street during the Obama years, I had such a hard time finding a Black American who did not like Obama.Obama could do anything and they loved him. Johnny goes out now, we have a hard time finding Black Americans who like Biden. Is that going to translate into anything?SOTOMAYOR: I think it really is. Let me tell you something, not only do I watch you every night, but my mom watches. She watches and she says she hate watches you. She watches you but you make points, but she said you are crazy. And I believe that that is what is happening.WATTERS: So is my mom. Both of our moms hate watch me.SOTOMAYOR: I know. So I think what is happening is really a movement is coming about. I've been on the whole, hey, as Black people we should hold our vote for who is actually for us for a long time, and I got called all kinds of words that I won't say on your family-friendly program, but I really do think a solid movement is going here.I live in Atlanta and I have heard from a lot of people who called into my radio program about how they really are changing. So, there is a real momentum. It's more than words.This is really happening.WATTERS: So should we put -- how much stock in 50, Snoop, Killer Mike and guys like that?SOTOMAYOR: You don't put in much stock in them, but I'll tell you what you should put stock in. Most Black men as Killer Mike said, they have fears. But he didn't tell you what the exact fear was.The fear is in the Black community that Black men don't want to upset Black women. If you remember in the last election cycle, Black men were coming up -- seriously, they were coming out voting and saying they were going to vote for Trump and then there were articles upon articles in major magazines, "Huff Post" talking about how Black men have let the Black community down. So, they were afraid of having that put on them.So, now I think many of them, because Black women are starting to say, hey I am looking elsewhere, they are feeling more emboldened to say, we are really going to go and cast that ballot for someone other than a Democrat.WATTERS: All right, we have so much in common. I don't want to upset Black women either. I think it is smart advice.SOTOMAYOR: Hey, I have got to go in the house when this is over. I know who I don't want to be upset.WATTERS: Be on your best behavior. Tommy, thank you so much. Say hi to your mom.SOTOMAYOR: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: The CIA now scrambling to find the missing Trump binder. Straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: This is a Fox News Alert. Brand new details about how Obama's CIA targeted Trump and started the entire Russia hoax. For years, we were told that tips from an Australian diplomat tipped off the FBI after a random conversation with Papadopoulos, a no-name 20-something.But according to new reporting by Michael Shellenberger and Matt Taibbi, the whole thing was a CIA set up. Former Cia Director John Brennan identified 26 Trump associates to be targeted by the Five Eyes intelligence alliance and then those interactions were the targets and were targeted by the FBI as suspicious. And that's how the FBI launched the Russia collusion hoax.The details of this entire operation have been stored in a top secret binder in a secret room in Washington. Trump ordered the whole thing declassified and now, the rumor is that the binder might be missing.Joining me now, one of the reporter who broke this story, Michael Shellenberger.Michael, explain how this all started with the CIA picking these 26 Trump people.MICHAEL SHELLENBERGER, AUTHOR: Yes, good to be with you, Jesse.Well, obviously this is an extremely serious story and serious allegation by multiple credible sources that Public and Racket, that's Matt Taibbi's publication have spoken to, these are people that are close to the House Intelligence investigation of how the Russian collusion hoax began.The story as you mentioned was that, oh, we were just informed by foreign intelligence about this. Our sources tell us a very different story, which is that this was initiated by the US government. It came from within the US government's intelligence community including the CIA that they asked the so-called Five Eyes nations intelligence agencies, that's the other English-speaking nations including Britain and Australia, to spy on 26 Trump associates, or at least they had a list of the 26 associates that were identified.This is new information. Some people have theorized about this and speculated about it. We feel very confident that our sources were in a position to know and are very credible in this report. It's obviously a very serious allegation because this is illegal spying and it is illegal election interference.WATTERS: Okay, so you are reporting that the CIA got these allies to bump these 26 Trump associates, create interactions and then call these interactions suspicious and let the FBI know they were suspicious and that starts the whole thing.What about this binder that encapsulates this whole thing and no one knows where is it right now or Trump has it? What is that?SHELLENBERGER: Well, Jesse, we will have a piece tomorrow that is specifically about the binder, but as a friend of the show and of yours on this, I will say there has been widespread speculation that this Binder was the reason or a reason for the FBI raid of Mar-A-Lago and we will be discussing that tomorrow.But obviously, if this Binder contains what we have been told that it contains, which may include raw intelligence, information showing that the US government, the CIA and the intelligence community of the US government initiated the Russia collusion hoax, that it did not occur in the way that the official story including the Durham investigation had portrayed it, then that's extremely serious information.And maybe, if the FBI then went to get it in order to continue the cover-up of this information, that obviously adds an even more dramatic wrinkle to this, again, we will have more to say about it tomorrow, but this is a huge, huge story.I mean, I can't -- I have been thinking about it in the history of the United States of America, have we ever had something like this where the intelligence community was weaponized against a political candidate and using our foreign allies to do it, I can't think of a more important or dramatic story.WATTERS: Yes, and then going to great lengths by using FBI raids to cover it up. That's just an absolute incredible development. Great reporting to you and to Matt and we look forward to your report tomorrow.Thank you so much.SHELLENBERGER: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for the Steroid Olympics.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Athletes have been juicing for decades, turning normal athletes into stars and stars into gods.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNOUNCER: Down the left field line. Is it enough? Gone. There it is. Sixty-two.ANNOUNCER: Two-one. There she goes. Number 62. Move over Big Mac, you've got company.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But the gains came at a price putting their long-term health and safety in serious jeopardy. All of the major sports outlawed steroids and blackballed the athletes who were caught doping.Remember seeing it back in 1988 when the world stopped to watch Canadian sprinter, Ben Johnson run the hundred-meter dash in just 9.79 seconds. I remember. Then watched the Olympic Committee strip him of his gold after he failed a pee test.A-Rod got benched when he was caught roiding in 2014. And Russia was suspended from the Olympics altogether in 2019 after whistleblowers exposed a state-sponsored doping scheme that had been doing on for, I don't know, God knows how long.But now, a group of investors say, there is hope in dope. PayPal billionaire, Peter Thiel is throwing his financial muscle behind a Steroid Olympics for closeted juicers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am the fastest men in the world, though you've never heard of me. I've broken Usain Bolt's 100-meter record, but I can't show you my face. I am a proud enhanced athlete. The Olympics hate me. I need your help to come out.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Steroid Pride Month here we come.Its organizers say that athletes will dose out in the open and honestly. And the wheels are in motion. The Steroid Olympics say they secured the cash for a 2025 games set to include swimming, gymnastics, weightlifting, track and field, and combat and it is garnering interest from high-profile athletes.Australian swimmer, an Olympic gold medalist, James Magnussen says he will come out of the retirement if the price is right.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES MAGNUSSEN, OLYMPIAN: If they put up a million dollars for the 50 free style world record, I will come board as their first athlete. I will juice to the gills and I will break it within six months.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh.MAGNUSSEN: I going to need one of those super suits to float me because if I get unbelievable jacked, then I will sink.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And he is not alone. Other former Olympians are signing on to the project as board members. Now, critics says the spectacle will glorify dangerous drugs, but others say, all major sports are already riddled with roids, they just kind of do it on the down low.Now, it is not for PRIMETIME to speculate, but is it legal? No. Shooting up non-prescribed anabolic steroids could land users a year in jail, so what's their plan?Victor Conte is the CEO of SNAC and the founder of the infamous BALCO Labs. Hi to Barry Bonds.Victor, are you excited for the Steroid Olympics?VICTOR CONTE, CEO, SNAC: No, I think that they should not call this the Enhanced Games be we already have enhanced games called the Olympics.WATTERS: You are saying the Olympics aren't clean?CONTE: Based upon my reading, I wouldn't -- well, on their website, the Enhanced Games suggested that 44 percent of Olympians and elite athletes were using performance enhancing drugs. Back in the BALCO days, my guesstimate then was about 80 percent and I would say, now it's probably close to 60 percent. It's certainly the majority.But I do not think that should be a free-for-all and they should be allowed to use all the drugs that the choose to, drugs like EPO and amphetamines and others are very dangerous drugs, and there has been many deaths from the use of EPO.So to just enable these athletes to try to break these records in exchange for money, which I'd like to see the business plan for enhanced games because I haven't -- show me the money as they say, and when they talked about the swimmer getting a million dollars, they also mentioned that if somebody could break Usain Bolt's world record that they would get a million dollars and that Olympic athletes don't get paid, they must not have heard that Usain Bolt got a piece of beach front property in Jamaica worth $6.3 million.So Olympic athletes today do make a lot of money, and a lot more than a million dollars.WATTERS: Well, I mean, those steroids must be pretty good because that was a White guy claiming he was going to beat Usain Bolt's record though.When you were at BALCO, explain to me how effective this substance was, what it did to these people and how you administered it so secretively?CONTE: Well, let's put this in perspective. I worked with a hundred-meter runner who did break the world record shortly thereafter and he had received from another person, $16,000.00 worth of testosterone and other drugs. He ran two meters slower.Now, when I first met him and talked to him, I explained to him all you have to do is go off the drug and you will run faster because testosterone or other anabolic steroids work through what they call cell volumization and they make you tight. They make you pumped.You need a normal fluid balance to run faster, so the point is, you use these during training, then you taper off and you run faster during competition.So doctors need to understand how these drugs work and I am not sure that most physicians understand all of this.WATTERS: All right, well Gutfeld has been taking roids for years. I don't know how he hasn't tested positive yet, I mean, it is just -- I mean, it's an open secret here in the building, he just has to clean up his act.Conte, thank you so much.CONTE: Thank you.WATTERS: Now, the easiest way to make a million dollars, Tony Robbins has the answer.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Joe Biden loves bragging about how Bidenomics has lifted the stock market to record heights. The market has been good. But today was a disaster.The Dow dropping 500 points. Why? Inflation is not going away, which means, the high rates are going to stay put for a while.Food and shelter are the two sectors getting slammed the hardest and we've been covering inflation for years.Bill Maher just figured this out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, HOST, "REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER": This country came out of pandemic way better. We just (bleep). We won the pandemic economically. I mean, America --JILLIAN MICHAELS: Did we? I don't feel that way. Explain it to me. I feel like inflation is insane.MAHER: Number. Inflation is not insane.MICHAELS: Bill, go buy a car.MAHER: There are numbers. I understand.MICHAELS: A house has tripled here.MAHER: Look I get that people --MICHAELS: Buy some (bleep) eggs.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: That was Jillian Michaels who knows what eggs cost. You can't smoke eggs so Maher has no clue. So how do we navigate through this thicket of financial disinformation and propaganda.Author of "The Holy Grail of Investing: The World's Greatest Investors," Tony Robbins joins me now.Tony, right now, I am just in the stock market. And I let everybody else figure it out for me. Okay, I've got a lot going on.What do other people need to know in order to get rich?TONY ROBBINS, AUTHOR: I loved your promise, a million dollars instantly. That's not the promise.WATTERS: At least a million dollars.ROBBINS: Well, I can tell you, this is my third book in this area and I wasn't planning on doing it, but I had access to 13 of kind of the Masters of the Universe financially.I have already interviewed Ray Dalio and Carl Icahn and Warren Buffett, but these are the people in private equity, and as you probably know, they produce 20 percent compounded returns, the very best in the business.Decades after decade versus five, six, seven, eight, nine, so you are tripling the pace at which you can achieve things. Some do 30 percent.So I interviewed him, half the book is the interviews with them, but there is new abilities, the average person doesn't understand alternate investments. When the stock market drops, it don't drop as much because they don't have to sell, their money is tied up.When it goes up, they can sell it, they have a lot of advantages. And so the wealthiest institutions, pension funds, very ultra-wealthy people have made 46 percent of their money goes into this, and only 29 percent of the stock market.WATTERS: So Tony, you're telling me, I have to start investing in hedge funds?ROBBINS: No, no. I am not talking about hedge funds.WATTERS: That sounds risky.ROBBINS: I am not talking about hedge funds. Let me be more specific. These individuals understand if you put your money in the stock market, it was the S&P 500, now, I am not saying not to do that, but the proportion of your money should be, but you've had 9.2 percent growth over 35 years. That's pretty amazing. You're doubling your money every eight years.WATTERS: Right. That's pretty good.ROBBINS: If it was in not these guys, if it was in basic private equity, it's 14.2, so what does that mean? You're making 50 percent more money compounded every year.So if you put $100,000.00 in the stock market and you look at what it is today, wow, it has gone to $2.9 million.But if the same money, a hundred thousand was in private equity at 14.2, you're not the top guys. You would be in a position, where you have $13.9 million.Now, you couldn't get in these before. That's why I wrote the book. There are new rules changes. The government only reserve the richest people to have access to these.WATTERS: So you are telling us there are ways to get in on these vehicles for the ultra-wealthy that now are available?ROBBINS: That's correct.WATTERS: Oh, Tony --ROBBINS: Better than that. You don't -- it is hard to get into the best funds. They are like pre-sold out to the wealthiest people, but there is a group in Houston, Texas called Caz that I got to know through some very wealthy people, and they have spent billions of dollars and they buy in as partners in these private equity firms.So, instead of paying two percent of all your money every year and getting -- and paying them 20 percent of the upside, you literally are partner in the firm and you get that 20. The richest people in the world, the Forbes 400 if you said what industry has the most billionaires, it is not tech, it is not real estate, it is financial services. But not hedge funds, they go up and down more. We are talking about people that have your money tied up for five years.WATTERS: All right, so now, we know a guy. Tony and I now know a guy down in Texas who can get us into these funds.ROBBINS: No, well, that's what he said to me.WATTERS: Is that what you're saying?ROBBINS: No, no. You can get through these funds. These are multi-billion dollar funds that you can get into. You can get into sports teams today, new rules in sports teams. Everything but the NFL, I don't know if you saw "The New York Times."WATTERS: Oh, I can't get into NFL teams because I was going to short the Cowboys.ROBBINS: Well, I know what team you want a piece of, that's pretty obvious. But they just announced "The New York Times" yesterday they are going to make a decision in six weeks.But the NBA, Major League Baseball, Major League Soccer and hockey, they've produced 18 percent compounded returns for the last 11 years versus the market' 11 percent. They are monopolies. You get to own your area and they don't just sell butts in seats now. Think about it now, they are a media moguls because they are selling you, I am sure, how much they have sold for Peacock. Hundred and ten million dollars for one show.WATTERS: Yes, so I am going to now buy the Chiefs as much the Chiefs --ROBBINS: But think about it sincerely. You could have a piece of IBM, it is a small little piece. You can do now what sports teams and get greater returns that are not tied to the market. If you are worried about the market, you want something that is not correlated and that's what this whole book is about. How do you reduce the risk and get the best return?WATTERS: Okay. All right, Tony, the book is this. Right here, everybody. Go get it. "The Holy Grail of Investing." It is not as good as "Get It Together," which you can preorder right now through Amazon. It is different.ROBBINS: You can get it together by getting "The Holy Grail."WATTERS: You can get it together by getting -- it is a two for one. All right.ROBBINS: But I will say, also, we've donated in all three of my books, we now provided over a billion meals through Feeding America in the United States and all of the profits go to Feeding America.WATTERS: All right, well I am also doing ice plunges, how about that, Tony?ROBBINS: I am impressed.WATTERS: You should be.ROBBINS: You put your head under?WATTERS: No, well I do.ROBBINS: Well, you're protecting that air.WATTERS: I do. Don't talk with my hair. I have enough of Gutfeld.Tony Robbins, everybody. Thank you very much.ROBBINS: Thanks, buddy. Great seeing you.WATTERS: Good to see you too.Let's do some text messages.Marie from Missouri: Medicare requires yearly cognitive testing. Why not for president of the United States?Greg from New York: Here is a cognitive test for Joe. Hunter, Laptop, Hair, Ice Cream.That he could remember.Mike from Milton, Georgia: Biden is giving up cognitive tests for lent.It's the only thing he is giving up.Chris from Johnson City, Tennessee: If presidents don't have immunity, what's going to happen to Obama when the Trump binder goes public?Are we saying we could put Obama and Biden in prison if Trump is elected? Don't tempt me.Darryl from Pittston, Pennsylvania: Jesse, if they put you in a straitjacket, you'll have to drink through a straw.I will be the least manly man in a straitjacket of all time.Steve from Vinton, Virginia: Can you send Johnny to the Steroid Olympics?I am going to send him as my special Steroid Olympics correspondent. And he could use some juice. I mean that guy is 120 pounds wet.Andy from North Carolina --And only eats a salami.Will Joe Biden do an interview before the Steroid Olympics.I don't know. I think it depends on who is doing the interview.Wesley from Louisville, Kentucky: So if someone tests negative, are they expelled from the Steroid Olympics?Not only are they expelled, but they are banned for life.Tricia from Pinkerton, Ohio: Tony Robbins' hands are bigger than yours.Tell me something I don't know. The only thing bigger are his hands.ROBBINS: Let's see. Let's see.WATTERS: Well done. Come on. Let's -- I am not measuring up against him again. Hannity is next.I'm Watters and this is my world.