BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: -- approach to Iran also raises some questions about the defense secretary. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home again tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Pro-life activists are facing over a decade behind bars for a peaceful protest, and tonight, one of them is here to speak out against Biden's DOJ.But first Trump, Trump, Trump. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. Oh, some major polling dyspepsia for liberals today, a Bloomberg morning console poll showing that Trump is leading Biden handily in seven key swing states. And then four states that Trump lost in 2020, he's now winning in 2024.Wisconsin where billionaires are spending huge for Joe, Trump's up by five. Pennsylvania, look out, he's up by three. Nevada, a state run by Democrats for Democrats, Trump's trouncing Biden by eight points. Ditto in Georgia.Trump's got North Carolina by 10 points, in Michigan by five. In Arizona, he's up by three. Well, it turns out that overwhelming the country with millions of demanding ungrateful and dangerous migrants isn't such a good campaign strategy after all, who would have thought that.Now remember, when Democrats used to cry about how we had to help all the poor migrants who are hiding in the shadows, we've got to bring them out of the shadows, give them jobs. Well, they ain't hiding anymore. Instead, they're brutally attacking New York cops who are doing their jobs. We're going to have more on this later in the show. But just look at these thugs. Now, no one is blaming Republicans for this, Joe. And most people are smart enough to see right through the phony border bill that your stooges cooked up in the Senate to give you political cover. None of it's working.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you done everything you can do with executive authority? Or is there more you could do absent --JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I've done all I can do. Just give me the power. I've asked from the very day I got into office. off. Give me the Border Patrol. Give me the people -- give me the people, the judges. Give me the people who can stop this and make it work right.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Give me the Border Patrol. What do you think you're doing down there? Now our own eyes, they just don't deceive us. We all see what's happened to America and just three short years under Biden. The drug crisis is ripping through liberal pro-legalization states. Check out these tragic statistics.In 2019, 280 people died of drug overdoses in Oregon, fatalities rose every year after more than tripling, by 2022 when 956 people died. The state is still compiling data for 2023. But if the trends continue, and there's no reason to doubt they aren't, the total would reach 1250 deaths from an overdose. Now, Biden's people are supposedly negotiating a deal with China to stop killing our citizens with fentanyl. Well, wait for those details.Now, of course, we know about the increase in violent psychosis and schizophrenia in young users of marijuana. Look what happened with that California woman who went on a stabbing rampage crazy on weed. And Biden's answer to this isn't to toughen the laws, it's to deschedule marijuana as a less dangerous drug. Nice going. Just what we need, more slackers, more street zombies, more deaths.Oh, and Bidenomics. Well, people prefer Trump. All the polls show it. So, all of the -- all but the most diehard Leftist know that with Joe Biden as our figurehead president, we're going down the tubes fast. And rather than do what was required to turn things around, Democrats are taking talking points from proven losers like Liz Cheney,(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you believe if Donald Trump were elected next year that he would try to stay in office beyond a second term? He would never leave office.LIZ CHENEY (R) FORMER U.S. REPRESENTATIVE: There's no question.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you think he would try to stay in power forever?CHENEY: Absolutely.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Never, never leave. Now rather than changing policies, Democrats are banking on Nikki Haley.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How has Trump changed politics for the good and the bad?NIKKI HALEY (R) GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He's made it chaotic. He's made it self-absorbed. He's made people dislike and judge each other. And he's just toxic.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What's the windshield wiper? That's very profound. Nikki. Did you learn that at all of those UN breakout sessions? Well, rather than demanding Biden fire his incompetent staff like secretaries Austin and Mayorkas. Democrats are putting their faith in lawfare. And of course, the media is caught cheerleading, not reporting on the sham civil and criminal cases against Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: New polling this morning that reveals Donald Trump is leading President Biden in every closely watched swing state, but the former president has one major Achilles heel, he loses the majority of voters in those key states if he is found guilty of the multitude of charges against him.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that headline about swing state voters is all they got. We'll see about that. Well, here's the bottom-line. As of today, Trump remains the dominant figure in American politics. In fact, he holds the largest lead of any Republican -- Republican presidential contender since 2004. That's 20 years. Biden, Schumer and McConnell cooked up that bogus immigration deal to fund Ukraine and help Biden, but it's Trump's view of it that will ultimately carry the day because he actually did have the border under control by the end of his term.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) 45TH U.S. PRESIDENT: I hope the Republicans don't end Democrats, don't make a bad border deal, because a bad border deal would be worse than no deal at all. You don't need a deal to tighten up the border and to make it secure. I had the most secure border in history. I didn't have a deal. I didn't have a bill.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, but he has credibility on this. So, look, we have a choice. We can continue to stagger with Biden down this path of decline. Or we can begin to move confidently and proudly toward policies that will deliver more prosperity and more security for all of us. After more than three years now, it's obvious that Biden and his allies are better at complaining and doing skits on SNL than actually governing.So, let's get the real grownups back in-charge. Let's fix the economy. Stand up to China. Secure the border. And yes, why not make America great again. And that's the Angle.All right. This is the first time this has ever happened. We have Scott squared. Joining me now is South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, and Florida Senator Rick Scott. All right. Let's start with congressman, I'm losing it, Senator Rick Scott. Look, you have Kyrsten Sinema out there today, really trying to push back on the criticisms. Many of them launched on The Ingraham Angle against this bill, who -- that nobody can see.She said, well, even without the concern about the 5000 migrants a day that can come in before the trigger, they're going to have to have 90 days to show that they meet the asylum standard once they're here. What happens to them in that 90 days, senator.SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL): Well, they're all -- they're coming in, they'll probably get work permits. You never know, think about this. This can't be a good deal. Otherwise, they'd show it to us. Where's the text? Why can't they put out the text? And McConnell has said we cannot tie border security to Ukraine aid. So, we got a lawless administration. Biden's not going to comply with anything. So, if we don't tie it to something he wants, nothing's going to happen. He'll just violate the law, just like he's been -- like he's done -- and we don't need a bill, because Trump secured the border without a new bill.INGRAHAM: I know that. They're lying to the American people. They know, Senator Scott --SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Absolutely.INGRAHAM: -- from South Carolina that we don't need a bill. We need a president who actually wants a border.T. SCOTT: Absolutely. We were better off with Trump. Our border was secure under President Trump. It is wide open, unsafe, insecure under Joe Biden. Here's the worst of it. Last month, Laura, just last month, as many people cross our border illegally, as were born in America, as many people crossed our border illegally, 10,000 a day, as were born in our country. 10,000 a day.We're having as many illegal immigrants cross our border as we are (inaudible) born Americans. This is insane. We need four more years of Donald Trump to secure our border. He's done it once. He will do it again.INGRAHAM: Day one --T. SCOTT: Let's get it started.INGRAHAM: We need massive deportations of people.T. SCOTT: Absolutely.INGRAHAM: We need -- people like -- it cost a lot. No, it costs a lot more to keep 10 million people here who shouldn't be here,SCOTT: We've got to secure the border. And if you're not here illegally, go home. You've got to go home. And we can't just continue open the border. And by the way, we can't pass a bill that possibly would make it harder for Trump to do his job.INGRAHAM: Well, you know that's what the language is going to be. This is how it's always written. And it was written by Schumer's people, I understand. It's been written for four months. Why did they refuse to share the text of the bill? Anything about the bill or meet with the Speaker of the House? Why did they not do that?SCOTT: Well, first off, they don't care about the House. I mean, they wouldn't try to cram this down -- this -- I've been up here five years. Here's how it works. Since Biden took office, Schumer and McConnell get together, they decide a bill. They don't give us any time to review it. Right. They give it to us expected to vote on that day and if you don't vote for it, then you don't care about that issue. No amendment votes, nothing. They just try to cram down --INGRAHAM: 48 hours to read, 1200 pages.SCOTT: Look at the omnibus, it was three times the size of the Bible of 1.7 trillion. They wanted to vote on it that day when they gave it to us at 1:30 in the morning.T. SCOTT: This is simple. Remember, Obamacare? You've got to pass the bill to know what's in it. Not again. Every single Republican should be absolutely positively unequivocally a no, because you can't read something you don't have.INGRAHAM: Well, Mitch McConnell is now saying he wants to separate Ukraine and the border. Basically, he said that today.SCOTT: But even --INGRAHAM: We have that soundbite. Let's play it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): I had a lot of discussion, obviously, about the border around here. But it's important to focus on the other rationale for the supplemental. Hopefully, we can work this border issue out in a way that satisfactory, but there's bipartisan support here in the Senate, for both Israel and Ukraine.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's what it's really about, is it not?SCOTT: It's all by Ukraine --INGRAHAM: I mean he wants the money for Ukraine,SCOTT: But we shouldn't be packed -- we have a majority of the House. Why are we passing things, well, we know the House won't pass --INGRAHAM: Because it's a sham. They know it's not going to pass. I really believe that.T. SCOTT: Well, there's no doubt that it won't pass, number one. Number two, why would we be more concerned about securing Ukraine's border than America's border? If there's no America, the city on the hill dies, the whole world suffers. We have to secure our own border, protect our own people and create an economy the world marvels at.INGRAHAM: Senator Scott, President Biden is going to East Palestine, Ohio.SCOTT: Finally.INGRAHAM: A year after that train derailment. I mean, he's looking at the polls that I discussed in the Angle, is he not? He's in deep, deep -- we didn't even get in Ohio. I think he's down what 12 points in Ohio --SCOTT: You can't beat Trump. The biggest issue is the border. He secured the border. Next issue is economy. We have a great economy. The third issue is, we don't want to be a war all over the world. Look at the world, it's a disaster right now all because this is Biden's plan. It's not working.T. SCOTT: Laura, the mayor of East Palestine said, Joe Biden can come in January 2025, when he's no longer president.INGRAHAM: Well, I can say Senator Scott, the attempt to bail out Joe Biden, by the plutocrats and a lot of these people you know, big money donors, and there may be friends of yours, friends of mine, shoveling money to Nikki Haley to keep this charade going, and she's just trying to savage Trump every stop she gets. I don't believe President Trump should even mention her name going forward. I wouldn't even talk about her.SCOTT: Oh, he's going to win. He's way ahead. There's -- it's not even close. He's got -- he's got -- he did this. You can't beat him. He did this. He's going to -- he's easily going to win the primary. I don't know why she's still in the race. But he's going to easily win the president -- the presidency because he has a plan. He did it. Biden -- Biden is a disaster. Everything he's done is a disaster. Trump's going to win big.INGRAHAM: We're doing a town hall on February 28th with President Trump in South Carolina, in your home state.T. SCOTT: Am I invited?INGRAHAM: Of course, you're invited.T. SCOTT: Oh, good. Look forward to be there.INGRAHAM: So, what's going to happen in South Carolina that's you know, is that for Waterloo, finally.T. SCOTT: Well, it's simple. It's my state and I love South Carolina. God bless the great state of South Carolina, Trump by 25 in her home state. Listen, if you secure the border, you protect Social Security. She has suggested that you should means test Social Security. He, our event, Trump (inaudible) protect our seniors on Social Security.INGRAHAM: She said just the 20, people in their 20s. She kind of backed away from that, right.T. SCOTT: If you start anywhere --INGRAHAM: She's correcting everybody on the record there.T. SCOTT: -- every single senior citizen wants to be secure in the retirement. Trump does that. We want to be safe in our homes. We have law and order. We want a Biden economy, no way in the world that we want a Biden economy. We want Trump tax cuts, opportunity zones, and more opportunities for every American.INGRAHAM: Senators Scott, thank you both for being with us. Great to see you. You should have been in the House. I'm putting you back in the House. I don't know why. Senate Majority Leader soon, I hope. Thank you for joining us --T. SCOTT: Brother from another mother. This is awesome.INGRAHAM: Yes, exactly. Great to see you both. Thanks so much. A U.S. official telling Fox News, the U.S. has carried out a self-defense strike targeting and destroying multiple projectiles that the Houthis were preparing to launch at commercial ships just in the last hour. Now this is a 12th time the U.S. has conducted strikes against the Houthis in Yemen since January 11th. And the second, just under about 24 hours.Now this is completely separate from the looming response to the drone attack that killed the three soldiers and injured 40 others in Jordan on Sunday. This was a unilateral U.S. strike. We're staying on it. We'll bring you any developments.Now coming up, migrants attacking police officers in Times Square and six bodies turn up in a California desert in what looks like a cartel killing. It's time to ask have Biden's open border policies turned America into a narco state. Former FBI Assistant Director Chris Swecker is here, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: From a wild mob of migrants attacking police officers in New York, did you see that kicking, kicking them in the head, scattering the officers of Venezuelan migrants. As if that wasn't bad enough, out west, six bodies were found in the California desert in a murder that authorities say centered around drugs.While police are investigating any connections to cartels and think some of the victims are from Honduras. Former FBI Assistant Director Chris Swecker spent 10 years investigating the cartels and he joins us now. Chris, I know you and other former FBI officials sent a letter to Congress this week warning about the dangers coming across the southern border. But the gangs that used to be operating south of the border are now openly it seems operating here and with impunity in many cases.CHRIS SWECKER, FORMER FBI ASSISTANT DIRECTOR: No doubt about it, Laura. I mean, the Mexican cartels have always controlled their side of the border. They call them the plazas. And then each cartel group would control a three or four plazas. They divided them up. Now they've consolidated their strength. We have made them mono -- more polyline criminal organizations and what I mean by that is, they're not just pushing drugs now across the border.Now with all this -- with all the people queuing up at the border with a huge volume at our open borders, they have now become extortionists, exacting taxes, smuggling people in, it's a whole new line of business for them, and we have made them more powerful than they've ever been. And now they control both sides of the border. I mean, they're not talking about it down there in the border. They don't want to scare people and scare tourists away and business away. But they're on both sides of the border now.INGRAHAM: Oh, these Venezuelans that were beating up the police officers, they're examining their connections, but they were engaged in robbing random tourists, I'm sure stealing jewelry and other valuables on them. But we're seeing these Venezuelan and Chilean gangs, Chris, operate --SWECKER: Right.INGRAHAM: -- across the United States, but in the DC, Northern Virginia, Maryland area, and now in New York and Boston as well. They're very organized, and they involve illegal aliens and connections already here in the country. What can you tell us about that?SWECKER: Yes, I think the Chinese are very, very organized in there, facilitating people coming across. But the cartels, they have inroads in Chicago. They have a strong presence there, New York, Philadelphia, all the major cities. And the result of that is huge increases in crime. We're going to be living with this for decades, much like the Mariel Boatlift back in 1980, when Castro emptied his prisons on us, and we are -- we are not getting the best people here. We are getting cartel members; we're getting people who are engaged in all types of criminal activity. And, gosh, the fentanyl problem that we have now, heroin still coming across cocaine, we have made these cartels --INGRAHAM: This is Biden's --SWECKER: -- immensely more powerful.INGRAHAM: -- legacy. This is the legacy of Joe Biden; this is his jobs program. OK, giving jobs to the drug dealers, the narcotics traffickers, the mules, they all have jobs in the United States, they all get paid a lot and we have a lot of Americans debt and Canadians dead because some of the drugs are going up through California to Canada as we learned this week with that federal indictment. Chris, thank you so much. Great to see you as always.And then random acts of violence are now paralyzing and terrifying people in our nation's capital. Now usually safe and vibrant Dupont Circle was thrown into chaos after a shooting and in a separate incident, two men were randomly stabbed outside of a Southwest DC Safeway, and moving from stabbings to carjackings, which are a major problem in DC, adding to a string of them, one deadly happened to in a span of less than 10 hours, including a former Trump official who was shot in the head in broad daylight. But DC's attorney general says enforcing the law well, not the answer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN SCHWALB, WASHINGTON, DC ATTORNEY GENERAL: We, as a city and a community, need to be much more focused on prevention and surrounding young people and their families with resources, if we want to be safer in the long run. We cannot prosecute and arrest our way out of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I love the guy wearing the mask on the left. He's keeping himself safe. All right, joining me now Commander Dale Brown, founder of Detroit Urban Survival Training Threat Management Center. All right, commander, you teach people how to protect themselves. This former Trump official and this is such a heartbreaking story. He was driving on K Street, very busy, well- traveled seemingly safe area of DC on Ninth Street and K Street -- Ninth and K stop to pick up his wife. Someone jumped in his car, shot him in the head to take the car. What's your piece of advice for people who just happen to be going to pick up their family members in a city like DC?COMMANDER DALE BROWN, DETROIT URBAN SURVIVAL TRAINING: Well, this can happen in any city or any places, not a city, because there are violent people that are amongst us. And in some cases, these people are mentally challenged in other places -- in other situations they're just confused and think they're attacking a certain person when they got the wrong person.Either way the problem is that we, the people that would be the victims, we tend to not think that our safety is our own concern and it's our own responsibility, when in reality, we are our own bodyguard. And it's vital that every one of us takes every opportunity to learn how to create safety for ourselves and our families.INGRAHAM: Well, what does that mean? I mean specifically, what do you do, like keep your car doors locked, I would imagine, don't leave your cars doors unlocked or unlock them for anybody who is not your passenger?BROWN: Well, in that situation, that's very important to (inaudible) in your environment. And in that case, clearly a person was in the environment. So, they will need to see that person ahead of time reading their body language and avoid that point of contact. And that means you have to be totally aware of your area.INGRAHAM: Yes. And look around. Dale, The Washington Post --BROWN: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- published some carjacking tips. I'd like to get your reaction to them. They said to drive in the center lane, keep your doors locked while you're driving. Try to travel with someone else and don't give up your car. What are your thoughts?BROWN: Well, those are definitely some good things you can do. Some of the things you can do is to make sure that you have tinted windows so that you -- if you have that legally in your state, also again maintaining what's called an exit point. That means when you look over the front of your car, you can see the concrete behind the tires of the vehicle in front of you, so you can accelerate out of position very quickly if people begin to rush you.But again, you have to pay attention to your environment as well. And you may want to drive in the Far-Left lane since the key to stopping a vehicle is stopping the driver. So, you want to keep the driver as safe as possible. Keep them away from the ways in which other people can take advantage of them and shoot them. And that's one of the key things that you need to do as a driver is to make sure that the driver is as safe as possible at all times.INGRAHAM: Well, Dale, I know a lot of people in DC since the Supreme Court decision on the matter. After many years of trying to get concealed carry permits, a lot of people in DC, who aren't really big gun people are getting trained and armed to be able to defend themselves. And a lot of them are women because people feel very unsafe in the city.BROWN: Yes, and firearms are definitely part of your safety plan. However, what's more important than that is having an understanding of psychology, understanding laws and having the skills necessary to keep you and your family safe. Essentially, you become your own bodyguard, when we are aware that you know in reality, that's what we have to do. And so that's what we teach psychology law and skill in that order, so you can read body language ahead of time, be ahead of the decision making of the criminal element.And also understanding the laws that pertain to defending yourself and your family. This is very important. So, knowing the laws of land that you live in vital no matter where you live in the world, especially here in the United States, laws are very different (inaudible) --INGRAHAM: You bet.BROWN: So, understanding how to defend yourself is very important.INGRAHAM: Yes, don't bring a gun into a federal, federal property zone. You go five years in jail automatically, I believe. Dale, thank you so much.BROWN: Yes.INGRAHAM: Scary times. All right, Biden's DOJ throwing the book at conservatives while giving Left-wing fanatics a free pass. Pro-life activists are facing over a decade behind bars for a peaceful protest. We're going to talk to one of them, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: After January 6, the Angle warned you that Biden's DOJ would seek to criminalize political dissent, intimidate patriotic Americans from speaking their minds or even gathering in peaceful protest. And now, Biden's DOJ has convicted six peaceful pro-life protesters on federal charges after they staged a sit-in at an abortion clinic back in 2021. They now face up to 11 years in prison for doing this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I sing praise to the king of kings. Yes, you are my everything.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, singing hymns and peacefully expressing your traditional Christian beliefs can get you thrown behind bars. But remember when the activists swarmed the homes of Supreme Court justices, disturbing a residential neighborhood? The Biden DOJ didn't really care about that. Certainly, didn't care much about those pro-Hamas radicals who attacked police officers and tried to break through the White House security fence. No arrests whatsoever. No dramatic manhunt. No one got arrested, period.Paul Vaughn is one of those pro-life defendants who was just convicted. He's joined by his lawyer, Steve Crampton. Paul, maximum penalty of 11 years? You must be a threat to society, my friend.PAUL VAUGHN, PRO-LIFE ACTIVIST AND DEFENDANT: It seems so.INGRAHAM: What's -- what's -- you know, what is this really all about? Was it trespassing? Are you guilty of a hate crime? Tell us.VAUGHN: Yeah. Well, apparently, Laura, I'm guilty of talking with police officers and not getting arrested to the day of the event. That makes you a felon in Joe Biden's Department of Justice. So, the others were singing their assault hymns, you know, those violent hymns, worshiping God. And I can see where that would be intimidating for people like Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and Christian Clark and others at the reproductive task force there.INGRAHAM: Steve, as his attorney, tell us about these charges, and as we think about what happened to this country in the summer of 2020, and the devastation and the death and the property damage caused, all in the name of George Floyd. There were some arrests, but a lot of people didn't get arrested who were doing, obviously, violent things. What does this mean for our country?STEVE CRAMPTON, ATTORNEY FOR PAUL VAUGHN: Absolutely. It doesn't look too good for the future, does it, Laura? Obviously, we've got an election coming up. But the fact of the matter is, we never should have had a federal law that prohibits a peaceful sit-in like this to begin with. It was all about abortion back in the Clinton administration. But after Dobbs, the whole purpose for a face act, which was to support the so-called federal right to abortion has disappeared.So, really what you have now is the kind of lipstick on a pig calling them reproductive health services like birth control or ultrasound or something of that nature. But obviously, these people weren't there to protest birth control. They were there for one reason and it was abortion. It was a peaceful undertaking.As you note, it was handled locally. They prosecuted locally. And a year and a half later, the Biden DOJ comes swooping down after Dobbs had been announced and now throws the book at him and tags onto a misdemeanor crime, the FACE Act violation, the felony conspiracy charge that carries up to 10 years imprisonment. It's absolutely outrageous.INGRAHAM: Paul, conspiracy to commit a violation of the FACE Act to deprive, I would imagine, women of their non-constitutional right to abort their own offspring. Am I understanding this correctly, Paul?VAUGHN: That's right. And not to be missed, there's two conspiracy options on the table for the Department of Justice. One that is a misdemeanor, like the charge, the underlying FACE charge is a misdemeanor. And one that makes you a felon with a ten-year, you know, sentence hanging over your head.It's interesting, this law is the same one they used back in the 1880's for the KKK. It's just an utterly ridiculous attempt at the DOJ just to criminalize Christian beliefs and Christian actions in our culture.INGRAHAM: Steve, what do you think the sentence is going to be here?CRAMPTON: It's hard to say, obviously, Laura. I mean, we've got these people with no criminal history whatsoever. The judge is well aware of this was a totally peaceful undertaking. By the way, occurring in the city of Nashville right downtown where the civil rights monuments abound for those that conducted sit-ins in the early 60's.So, you got heroes on the one hand, and now they're making martyrs out of these folks on the other.INGRAHAM: Paul, next time just tear down a statue of Christopher Columbus or Thomas Jefferson and you'll get away scot-free. Paul and Steve, thank you. Good luck. Good luck.Now, do big tech CEO's actually care about the damage their products are doing to our kids? The tech titans came to Capitol Hill today and, boy, were their fireworks, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Would you please explain to me, and to all these parents, why explicit predatory content does not violate your platform's terms of service or your community standards?UNKNOWN: It does violate our standards. We work very hard to take it down.UNKNOWN: Didn't take it down. Didn't take it down until a congressional staffer brought it up.UNKNOWN: It may be that, in this case, we made a mistake and missed something.UNKNOWN: I think you make a lot of mistakes.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Billionaire tech CEO's taken to the woodshed on Capitol Hill today for failing to protect our kids online. So, Zuckerberg was pressed for Instagram's lack of parental controls.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Thirty-seven percent of teenage girls between 13 and 15 were exposed to unwanted nudity in a week on Instagram. You knew about it, who did you fire?UNKNOWN: Senator, this is why we're building all these controls --UNKNOWN: Who did you fire?UNKNOWN: Senator, I don't think that that's --UNKNOWN: Who did you fire?UNKNOWN: I'm not going to answer that. Senator, I view my job and the job of our company is building the best tools that we can to keep our community safe.UNKNOWN: Well, you're failing at that.UNKNOWN: Well, Senator, we're doing an industry leading effort. We build a high-tools that --UNKNOWN: Oh, nonsense. Your product is killing people.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And in a surprising moment, Senator Hawley was able to, actually, kind of get an apology out of Zuckerberg.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Would you like now to apologize to the victims who have been harmed by your product? Show them the pictures. Would you like to apologize for what you've done to these good people?UNKNOWN: No one should have to go through the things your families have suffered, and this is why we invested so much and are going to continue doing industry-leading efforts to make sure that no one has to go through the types of things your family had to suffer.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now is Emma Lembke, co-founder of the Log Off Movement. Emma is a college student, but is a trailblazer in covering these issues. Did you buy what you just heard from Zuckerberg?EMMA LEMBKE, LOG OFF MOVEMENT CO-FOUNDER: You know, Laura, I think what Zuckerberg did best is what he's always been doing. A lot of talking and a little action. These tech CEOs came in and they said that they are doing adequate steps or taking adequate steps --INGRAHAM: Protocols, Emma.LEMBKE: Protocols to ensure that people are protected, young kids are protected. What happened to me when I was a young kid? What happened to all of those kids and parents?INGRAHAM: What happened to you as a young kid?LEMBKE: I was struggling with social media. I was actually the one in three that I think Hawley or one of the senators talked about. One in three girls felt worse about their body image on social media. I felt horrible about myself. I was doom scrolling constantly. And there were not the resources there to pull me out.Instead, tech companies designed technologies predicated on maximizing my attention at the cost of my well-being. And these companies, when called upon, claim that they have initiatives, they have projects, they have things that they're working on to help protect kids.INGRAHAM: A lot of, you know, just gobbledygook.LEMBKE: A gobbledygook, and that's all it's been. And they might take micro steps to, you know, appease congressional members, but it's not substantive. Kids are still being harmed. Those pictures of the kids that died are still going to keep being put up.INGRAHAM: Now, Zuckerberg, right out of the gate, made a very bizarre assertion. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: With so much of our lives spent on mobile devices and social media, it's important to look into the effects on teen mental health and well-being. I take this very seriously. Mental health is a complex issue, and the existing body of scientific work has not shown a causal link between using social media and young people having worse mental health outcomes.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Is that true? There's no link? There's no thought of a link between social media, saturation of a teen, and mental health?LEMBKE: What I would say to him is, look behind you again, Mark. Look at all of those parents who lost their child. What would you say to them? What would you say to all the kids out there who claim that they feel more anxious, more stressed? There is clearly --INGRAHAM: But the sexual content.LEMBKE: Oh, yeah.INGRAHAM: And the predatory sexual content. The shaming. All of that is part of this as well.LEMBKE: Absolutely. There are so many disastrous layers and consequences of an action. And yet, again, these tech CEOs have done so little to actually protect kids from harmful content from cc and material, from things like that, from mental health crises --INGRAHAM: Well, they should be able to be sued. I mean, they have to pierce this corporate veil. Emma, always great to see you. Thanks so much.LEMBKE: Thank you so much.INGRAHAM: Migrants are storming our beaches, literally. Fox's Bill Melugin obtained the shocking GoPro video at Marine Street Beach in La Jolla, California, where a group of suspected illegal immigrants approached the shore, beaching itself on the sand. The group then jumped onto the sand and ran off into the residential area. I know that area very well. I used to stay right around the corner from there. This is America, today. Up next, puppets, deep fakes, and flying lawsuits? Raymond Arroyo has it. Seen and Unseen is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Scene and Unseen, where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, yesterday, Elmo, or whoever runs this X account, posted an innocuous message. Elmo was just checking in. How was everybody doing?RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. But Laura, then it got very dark from there. More than 100 million people viewed this thing and, boy, did they unload. Elmo, I'm going to be real. I'm at my effing limit, one person wrote. Another said, Elmo, my man, have you been to the grocery store lately? Stop gaslighting us. You know it's real here.Laura, you know it's unbelievable to me, and I kind of found it sad when you read these missives that this is where America is going. You see adults, kind of, pouring out their hearts to a puppet created for preschoolers, and it speaks to the arrested development that, really, you see throughout the culture.INGRAHAM: Or maybe people just need hugs. And they think of Elmo as -- don't you need a hug, man?(INAUDIBLE)INGRAHAM: Well, but it was just out of the blue that he decides to check in? I mean, just -- does he do this regularly? I must confess, I don't follow Elmo on that.ARROYO: Yeah. Yeah. This was just a little throwaway. But then even Biden had to get in on the act, Laura, writing, I know how hard it is some days to sweep the clouds away and get to sunnier days. Now, Laura, this is a man who just announced a year later that he's finally going to visit those poor people in Palestine, Ohio, after that horrible train derailment, but it is time to talk back and forth and respond to Elmo. I mean, come on.INGRAHAM: Well, that's probably the level at which Biden is most comfortable conversing, Raymond. So, I think there may be two syllables at most for every word? All right, Ray, Biden is --ARROYO: Well, I felt bad, Laura. I felt bad when I read this, you know, that he felt he has to talk to a puppet. I mean, surely Elmo knows somebody else he could confer with. I mean, not just Joe Biden.INGRAHAM: All right, Ray, Biden never went to Sesame Street, but his wife did, and I think she was there to teach the kids about things that are lost.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Why is Dr. Jill on Sesame Street?JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I'm on my way to your school to teach about jobs.UNKNOWN: Great, let's go. Sure.UNKNOWN: Oh, actually, the school is this way.J. BIDEN: Oh, you learn something new every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Well --INGRAHAM: We're going to go do our transgender protocol now. Is Jill --ARROYO: It's catching, Laura. Now, Jill doesn't know which way to exit or where to go. But, you know, but I guess, look, it's all right. I want you to be at peace. They're keeping Biden busy at the White House with a procession of visiting mayors, kind of like the Muppets, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: So, we're going from this to this.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Whoa.UNKNOWN: So, we are on our way to having a low to no emission transit fleet in the city of Tucson.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Dead. It looks like --INGRAHAM: Biden doesn't look like he's alive there.ARROYO: It looks like he fell asleep, Laura. But here's the thing --INGRAHAM: That was scary.ARROYO: The White House is releasing this and it's all these little quickie videos with mayors, and they're really touting the trillion-dollar infrastructure of boondoggle. This is kind of like the showcase showdown at the end of the Price is Right whether, you know, they talk about all the cash and prizes they got.Here's the problem, they're all selling the electric buses. I found this out today. Do you know in Philadelphia they have entirely banned, thrown out the entire fleet of twenty-five electric buses, because they don't work. They've done the same in Ashville, North Carolina. In Colorado Springs, have of those buses don't work. These electric buses are a boondoggle, costing millions at a pop, and they're phasing them out while Biden's shoveling out more cash for them.But some important far-reaching court cases I need to share with you. After an AI-generated George Carlin comedy special showed up online 15 years after the comic's death, the Carlin estate has filed suit. They allege this violates their right to publicity, and that Carlin's name and likeness was used without their permission.Laura, this is one of the biggest and could be one of the most far-reaching cases in this A.I. realm. And boy, it comes not too late, I hope.INGRAHAM: Just think we could have Joe and Jill, and Mayorkas, and Secretary Austin, and Jennifer Granholm, we could have them decades from now still doing such a good job for America. You know, they could have their holograms. They can go on tour. It could be Joe unplugged with Jill. Maybe we could get a musical, you know, a musical trio to back them up.ARROYO: Don't give people any ideas, Ingraham. My God, look, SAG-AFTRA is saying this needs to be outlawed. And there is a House bill, this No A.I. Fraud Act, that will outlaw these deepfakes without the permission of the people involved or their estates.INGRAHAM: No, it's a complete scam and I completely support that. And I guess Disney execs, they're not exactly the happiest people on earth tonight, Raymond. Your favorite place.ARROYO: Those little mouse ears have fallen, Laura. A federal judge today threw out Disney's lawsuit against Governor Ron DeSantis. Disney claimed DeSantis targeted the company by taking over that special tax district, that little -- it was really like a free-floating county that they had full dominion over. DeSantis said it violated state law, so he replaced all the board members and took it back from Disney's control.The judge said he's within his constitutional rights. And whether he was being retributive against, you know, their political statements or not, he was acting constitutionally. We'll see where it goes from here.INGRAHAM: Raymond, I think it's time to confess right now. You need to make a confession. How many times have you been to Disney?ARROYO: Oh, Laura, I've been going since I was a child, but I haven't been in recent years. I mean, I've tried not to go.INGRAHAM: Oh, you are such a liar. You were just there like a week ago. What are you talking about?ARROYO: I said, I've tried not to go, Ingraham. I tried not to go. My children dragged me.INGRAHAM: You're a Disney addict. Your kids, you know, are adults. You drag your kids there. I know that for a fact.(CROSSTALK)ARROYO: -- they take you where you don't want to go. And I'm going to go now.INGRAHAM: Love you. Up next, Jesse Watters.