SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity."And tonight, Biden's border crisis continues to destroy literally blue cities all across America. And tonight, we have an exclusive report on the chaos happening out in Denver, in Colorado, where 800 illegal immigrant families -- they are now reportedly in the process of being booted from shelters as that city now nears its breaking point.Our very own Sara Carter live on the ground in Denver tonight with a full report. A lot of pictures you sent today that we cannot show this audience, Sara, but it's a pretty bad situation out there.SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, yeah, Sean, it's a terrible situation. The migrant crisis coupled with the homeless is obviously one of the biggest issues right now facing Denver.I tell you, I spoke today, Sean, with a Venezuelan father who is one of those migrants he was out with his two children, he was actually panhandling in downtown Denver. He had a sign that he said somebody had written for him in English because he doesn't speak any English, that says will work for food, will work for money.I saw that all across Denver and in response to what we were seeing today, we reached out to the mayor's office, that's Mayor Mike Johnston, and this is what he had to say, Sean. He said: Denver had seen -- has seen a dramatic uptick in arrivals. He said the fourth significant surge of these arrivals since late 2022, it is straining capacity. While we recognize families needs much of the time as we can give them, we must once again limit the amount of time families can remain in the shelters.And that is one of the biggest concerns here, especially for the citizens in Denver, the residents that live here. I want you to take a listen to what some people had to say to us as we walked around downtown.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CARTER: Are you concerned about this migrant issue? I mean, we're -- we're looking at over 8 to 10 million and here in Denver alone, tens of thousands of migrants with basically no place to go?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And it's just a beginning, right? So those people have a -- have to find a place to live after there's all kinds of services that are going to be at that -- the resources aren't there at this point to do that with, and we're not doing anything about structurally fixing that border. And so, whoever comes in, just comes in.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's what's happening to a lot of these migrants, man. They're just shipping them over here and then the cities aren't prepared to house these people. And the unfortunate part is some of these people are dying in these colder states.CARTER: Do you think Denver has the capacity? I think the mayor was saying, it's over $180 million to handle this crisis right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We don't have the dollars for that. We don't have the dollars for that. I don't know where we're going to find it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We've come up with encampments. We've come up with -- we've been trying to figure out where already to put homeless people or people that just can't afford to live here. And now, we have this whole another surge of more people where, yeah, we're definitely running out resources.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Take care of the American people. Take care of the American people. Let's focus on what the American people need and not so much what everybody else in the world needs.(END VIDEO CLIP)CARTER: Sean, we saw the crisis in Portland with fentanyl on Monday. We're seeing this crisis spread with migrants here in Denver. Today, we're seeing across America, in Democratic cities, where migrants are basically living in the streets, or trying to find housing. We're seeing the surge of fentanyl that is killing our children, and we are watching as the only benefactors of this are the drug cartels, the human traffickers and maybe somebody in the Democratic Party. But it's certainly not the American people -- Sean.HANNITY: You know, Sara, you were able to unearth earlier today a memorandum from Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, and in this, he basically in 2021 outlines exactly the policies of open borders and law-breaking that we've now watched unfold. I don't know whether it's quite a smoking gun, but it certainly is pretty damning in terms of those are the very policies they followed as they -- as Joe Biden literally with the stroke of a pen ended, you know, stay in Mexico, ended the border wall construction, ended Title 42 and everything else.CARTER: Well, let me tell you, Sean, speaking to Border Patrol supervisors, retired and Border Patrol supervisors and others who are currently employed by DHS, they believe that it is a smoking gun. It is basically a policy that has allowed the Biden administration to de facto open the border and allow everybody into the country.It has created problems all across the nation, and like we said, you know, from Portland to Denver and particularly in Democrat cities across this country, we are watching the people suffer. Both those migrants that are coming here without any knowledge that they're not going to have a job or a place to go, as well as the citizens inside these cities and the blame everyone who works along the border both federal local and state say goes right to the Biden administration, goes straight to President Biden.That's where they say. The buck stops and you know, I have to agree.HANNITY: All right. Sara Carter, thank you.By the way, as you just -- what witnessing on your screen, Joe Biden just returned from a day of fundraising in New York City. By the way, congratulations to the president, he made it up the stairs all by himself without tripping and falling. Got to give credit where credit is due.Now, last night was the Nevada primary. Remember, Trump was not on the ballot. He's participating in the caucus tomorrow, that is the voting that actually counts for RNC delegates, not exactly sure what Nikki Haley's team was thinking but they opted to participate in Nevada's primary, despite no delegates being at stake, and she's not participating in the caucus, because it was either one or the other.This is where things got a little bit weird. In Nevada's primary, well, voters are allowed to choose, quote, none of these candidates on the ballot. That option yesterday ended up beating Nikki Haley by over 30 points.Now, Nikki Haley's home state of South Carolina is up next. Now, the question has got to be asked, after a third place finish in Iowa and the caucuses, they are, double digit loss in New Hampshire, last night's numbers, you know, the question is, if Nikki Haley doesn't win her home state, what is her path for the nomination? We'll ask her in a soon to come interview.All right. According to the Real Clear Politics average, as of now, she is losing to former President Donald Trump by more than 30 points in her home state of South Carolina, and speaking of polls, we have brand new Gallup surveys. They spell a lot more trouble for Joe Biden, as Democrats now are struggling with very key demographics that helped elect him in 2020.Look at the surveys conducted during the entirety of 2023, Democrats advantage among non-Hispanic, Black voters is down to its lowest level since 1999, while their margin with Hispanic voters is now at its lowest level since 2011, down to just 12 points. But it's not just minority voters that Democrats are struggling with. They're also losing ground with young voters.According to the Gallup poll, their advantage with 18 to 29 year old voters is now just eight points. That's the lowest level since 2005, and while the Democrats and Biden are struggling in the polls, as a whole, perhaps no one has suffered a bigger polling crisis than your giggling vice president. That's right, Vice President Harris, who according to a new NBC survey now has a favorability rating of only 28 percent compared to 50 percent who have a negative view of her.And as Democrats continue sliding in these polls, the Supreme Court -- they are poised to hear arguments over the left's attempt to remove Trump from the ballot in Colorado tomorrow. Now, a tactic that former Obama advisor David Axelrod, he's a lot of things, he's not dumb, he called it very disruptive.Here's what he said earlier today. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID AXELROD, FORMER OBAMA ADVISOR: There are myriad legal questions that they're going to consider tomorrow. Some will undoubtedly offer off ramps if they want an off-ramp. But I'm trying to imagine what it would be like if the Supreme Court said, we're removing the front running Republican candidate from the ballot and essentially saying to the American people, you won't have the opportunity to vote for him, and I think it would be very, very disruptive in this country. I think it will create a huge reaction and that worries me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, it should. I think anyway, in terms of -- does that -- for the people that claim, oh, democracy is in peril, how undemocratic.Meanwhile, Biden is refusing to sit down for a Super Bowl interview. This is now the second year in a row he has refused to do that, after yesterday, maybe it's kind of easy to see why. Let's refresh your memories.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There is some movement and I don't want to -- I don't want to -- well, maybe I choose my words. There's some movement -- there's been a response from the -- there's been a response from the opposition but -- yes, I'm sorry, from Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, that's right. The terror group is called Hamas.What about all the people that were critical when I was one of the first people to point out this significant cognitive decline? You're still defending Joe's cognitive state?Now, that wasn't Biden's only flub of the week. He also made a major slip up when speaking at a campaign event in Vegas on Sunday. Let's refresh your memory on that one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Right, right after I was elected, I went to what they call a G-7 meeting, all the NATO leaders. It was in -- it was in the south of England, and I sat down and I said America's back and Mitterrand from Germany -- I mean, from France looked at me and said -- said, you know, what -- why -- how long you back for?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Ask yourself a question, have you ever gone to Walmart, Target, and a lot of times, they have greeter. They tend to be older people, retired that for whatever reason, maybe they're just bored, they want a little extra cash, they meet you. They greet you. Welcome to Walmart, and then you say, how are you? Can I help you with anything?They're the nicest, most helpful people you'll ever meet in your life and pleasant and smart. I don't think Joe could be a Walmart greeter because I don't think he could remember in a Walmart superstore whether or not, where all of the different departments are. I don't think he could do that job.News flash, the President Joe Biden, President Mitterrand died in 1996. So unless you're time traveling or you're speaking to a ghost, you didn't speak to President Mitterrand. No wonder Joe snubbed the Super Bowl interview now for the second year in a row. The reason is obvious. He is totally incapable of handling any unscripted interview.Now, tonight, instead of deal with the border crisis, Biden is participating all day in fundraisers in New York City, and stifling traffic there.Anyway, here with reaction, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer. Good to see you both.Governor Huckabee, I mean, I think everything that we could possibly say about Joe Biden has been said, but when you see this and it is -- look, whatever cognitive issues he has, it is degenerative. It never gets better. It only gets worse. It seems to the getting worse part seems to have accelerated in recent months. Would you agree with that?MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: It'd be hard not to agree with that. I'm just sitting here watching thinking, man, I sure picked the wrong year not to run for president. I should have gone ahead and done it now.You know, this is -- this is really disturbing --HANNITY: But you're saying confidently, you would have beaten Donald Trump. I know you like Trump, you're telling Donald Trump on national TV tonight you'd beat him?HUCKABEE: Nah, no, no way. I'm supporting him and have been since he announced for re-election and supported him in 2016. He's really the best hope we have to get this country back on track, secure the border. Make it so people can afford their butter and bread which they can't do right now for the most part, unless they have Joe Biden' a salary which most Americans don't. This is a tragedy and the tragedy is, is that Democrats and the media keep covering for it, and I think the more that the American people see what you just showed, they're going to look at this and those numbers with Blacks, Hispanics, and young people are only going to continue to crater for Joe Biden.People look at this and they say, I don't care whether I like this guy, can't even say if I like his policies which I can't imagine they would. But this man is not capable of leading the country. I think of watching a scene from the "Sixth Sense" of Haley Joel Osment and he looks around he says, I see dead people. That's who he sees. He sees Mitterrand instead of seeing Macron. I mean, this is bizarre stuff.HANNITY: Well, I agree with every bit of it. I think maybe what is even more interesting is his vice president -- Vice President Harris, Ari Fleischer, her approval rating is lower than his. How's that possible?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, that's really an accomplishment, isn't it? And if I'm Donald Trump, I will remind everybody that it's highly likely that Kamala Harris will be the president of the United States, if Joe Biden somehow is able to win the election. That will scare a lot of people.But I want to go to this issue, Sean, because it's so much worse than him not remembering the name of Hamas. If you had actually begun that tape about 10 seconds earlier, what you would have witnessed was the United States president struggling to recall the briefing he got about the status of negotiations between Israel and Hamas.He could not remember the details. He saw the wheels turning in his head, the cobwebs, trying to be swept out of the way. He couldn't remember it. He was struggling. Same thing happened, Sean in the lead-up to the Afghanistan withdrawal. He said that nobody in the military told him he could have left a smaller number of troops in Afghanistan, and therefore maybe save those lives of the 13 Marines. He said nobody told him that was an option, and then he was contradicted by his own military saying, no, he was briefed about that.This is what happens when the president cannot recall his briefings. It's deadly serious. It's not just he didn't remember the name of Hamas. He doesn't remember the things he's told earlier -- hours earlier in the Oval Office.That puts all Americans in danger. That's the problem with the president at that age.HANNITY: All right. So I'll throw it to you, Ari, first, we're 271 days away from election day, all right? Does he survive until that that point? Do you do you buy into any of these -- I would argue that they're just educated guesses of people, that that the Democrats maybe at the convention will look to somebody else to take his place. Do you believe that? Or does he survive?FLEISCHER: Well, first, if Huckabee throws his hat in the ring, nobody stands a chance. That's just obvious.HANNITY: Well, there might be -- there might be there's rumors that there might be a Huckabee on the ticket, though, Ari. It might not be the one on the show.FLEISCHER: That's true.HANNITY: But there's rumors about that.FLEISCHER: I didn't -- I didn't say if it'd be the good Huckabee or the very good Huckabee.HANNITY: Yeah.FLEISCHER: But here -- here's the thing about -- here's the thing about Biden and the Democratic Convention. If he continues to lose in the polls to Donald Trump, the Democrats, especially the superdelegates, going into that August convention are going to be in panic. They don't love Joe Biden, but what they do do is hate Donald Trump.So if there is a likelihood that Donald -- Joe Biden would lose to Donald Trump, they'll be a panic and they're going to have to look for somebody else. I give that about a one in three odds that that'll happen. But I also want to say, Sean, I think in October, those groups that you showed that are losing faith, losing support for Joe Biden right now, they're going to come home.Republicans should not fool themselves into thinking that they're going to do fantastically better with Blacks, Hispanics or younger people. They're sending signals right now that they're very distressed with Biden, I think Donald Trump is going to do better with Blacks, Hispanics and young people, but not that well. Those groups are largely going to come home in October. It'll be a close election.HANNITY: Historically, that's exactly what is happened. I think Republicans have gotten their hopes up. I'm hoping one day that that certain, you know, identity groups if you want to call them, that they get the message that maybe this party that comes every two and four years and makes promises is not doing a good job for them.All right. How does this play out, Governor Huckabee?HUCKABEE: I think there's a better chance that we will keep some of those voters among Blacks, Hispanics and young people. I agree with Ari, it's not going to be the magnificent numbers. But some of them will just stay home. They're not going to go vote for Joe. They may not vote for Trump, but they won't vote for Joe.But I'll tell you what I'm watching, I'm watching mothers of four children in Boston who are angry because the her kids can't go to the community center and play basketball because it's filled up with illegal immigrants. They're getting gift cards. She's getting shown the door. And you keep doing that through November and a lot of those folks out of sheer anger and frustration, they'll vote for Donald Trump and say it can't be worse.HANNITY: You know, the fascinating thing is they trying to put this on the Republicans and everybody knows this was policy from day one of Joe Biden, that little game has not been successful even with the help of pretty much the entire media mob running interference and being an extension of the Biden campaign press office.Anyway, appreciate you both. Ari Fleischer, thank you. Governor, thank you.Coming up, the DOJ, they are running for cover for Biden. Merrick Garland just announced that the special counsel probe into Joe Biden's classified document scandal is complete. What's in the report? And why is the Biden family scared to death about this report? We'll tell you next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: I do have big news out of Washington tonight where the Attorney General Merrick Garland says the special counsel investigating Joe Biden's alleged mishandling of classified information -- well, they have completed their work and the White House is now reviewing the report to see if it wants to exert executive privilege over any part of that. And once that process is done, the report will be released to Congress and to we, the people, the public. We are hearing that could happen by the end of the week.Now, apparently, that is something that team Biden is very afraid of. "Axios" reporting that Biden's aids believe the report will include embarrassing details and photos and be, quote, politically damaging. Now, could the evidence be more damning than what we already have seen? You might remember this photo, there you go, the beautiful corvette and the locked garage that never opens, anyway, showing those documents there, top secret documents in Joey's garage next to his prize Corvette.As a sitting president, Biden is unlikely to face any criminal charges. As a matter of fact, he won't. But if the photos in that report -- what if they look a lot like the photos that we were shown over and over again from the Mar-a-Lago raid. And I guess the only real damage done is going to be the exposure of Joe Biden's weaponized Justice Department, huh. That wouldn't be good.Here with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.I think if they're so afraid of the photos, I think probably the main reason is the fact that it will expose a two-tier justice system, a weaponized and politicized DOJ of Joe Biden. They protected him. The photos look just like Mar-a-Lago. What is that going to show people?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, you know, I would say credit is deserving of the whistleblowers. I mean, they're the ones who told us that the DOJ has been running a protection record for Joe Biden for years. Remember, investigators were banned from asking about Joe's involvement in his son's influence peddling schemes despite evidence of complicity. So, Sean, did anybody really expect that Joe's document scandal would be treated any differently.I think the fix was in from the beginning. Trump gets charged, Biden doesn't, even though and this is important, Joe has no defense under the Federal Records Act. Trump does, because some of the records came from Biden's time as a senator not president. And under the Records Act, a former president can have custody and control over such documents, not a senator.Indeed, that was the opinion of the Department of Justice for two long decades. They argued in the famous Bill Clinton case that, you know, a former president can keep whatever he wants, including classified documents, a federal judge agreed. Suddenly, Trump comes along and the DOJ throws that policy out the window. They indict Trump. On top of it, they charge it with it obstruction for doing exactly what Bill Clinton did. Clinton resisted.The proper legal remedy here was for Merrick Garland to file a civil action, not criminal, which is under the act, and it's the governing authority. That's how the Clinton case was handled. Let a judge decide who gets what. Instead, they criminalized it, because it's Donald Trump, another example of how the DOJ has a two-tiered system of justice.HANNITY: Yeah. That, you know, Alex Burns (ph) had a pretty good name for it, he called it lawfare, in a column that he wrote. And that is we're weaponizing and criminalizing political differences, just a different way to say it, but a pretty astute analysis.All right. Gregg Jarrett, thank you for that update. We appreciate it.Now, as we await the release of this report, the House, they are continuing their existing impeachment inquiry of Joe Biden. And according to the transcript of one witness and their interview obtained by justthenews.com, that's John Solomon's group, an employee out a hospital company that Joe's brother Jim worked with said she had no idea at all what Jim did for the company, or why he was paid.Now, another former Biden associate testified that he loaned Jim Biden $800,000, but only got half the money back, according to "The Daily Caller". And the next week, another one of Hunter's old business associates, Tony Bobulinski, guess what, he's going to share his story with lawmakers about the big guy.Here with the very latest, House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer is with us.Sir, welcome back.Let me ask you about this case. You have released the transcript of this woman. Her name is Carol Fox, the trustee who represented AmeriCorps, a now bankrupt health care company.And she said she couldn't determine what role James Biden played nor identify any paperwork backing up any loans made to him from a company struggling in 2018. She's the trustee of the -- of the bankruptcy estate and she has now sued Joe's brother, James, and sued him in 2022 because he didn't repay the $600,000 in loans, and she couldn't identify the services that were allegedly provided, and she found no documentary evidence for consulting or marketing at all.What's going on here? That sounds like being paid for doing nothing.REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Yeah, well, there's a pattern of that and we've been calling it influence peddling. This is a perfect example.Jim Biden found out about AmeriCorps Health, a company that was a distressed healthcare company that were -- that was on the verge of bankruptcy. He approached them and said that because he's Joe Biden's brother, that he can go to the Middle East and use all of Joe Biden's contacts and get AmeriCorps health all the money they needed, but they needed to pay him first. And the way he wanted to be paid was through a loan.Now the company went bankrupt. Jim Biden, like he normally does, never delivered on anything, other than, you know, committed securities fraud, with this AmeriCorps Health, and the now, bankrupt company with the trustee testified they looked over everything. They saw the $600,000 that went to Jim Biden, but they can't find any loan documents and they can't find one single thing that he did to get the money.And, Sean, the most important thing about this for our investigation is, they paid Jim Biden in increments. The last increment was a $200,000 payment, the exact same day Jim Biden received that $200,000 payment, he had about $4,000 in his account. So that made it $204,000. That same day, he wired -- he wrote a check to Joe Biden for $200,000.That proved Joe Biden benefited financially from his family's shady influence peddling scheme.HANNITY: Well, that's what's going to make Tony Bobulinski's deposition I think that much more critical. Have you had any evidence in recent interviews that warrant your committee to subpoena Joe's financial accounts and records, his pseudonym email accounts, have you gotten all of that information? And what about any phones that he used that might have been his or maybe Rosemont Seneca's. What do you know -- what do we know about Joe's further involvement and when do you get to actually -- so get the information you've been seeking now for a long time about Joe Biden, the big guy himself?COMER: Well, as you know, we've been putting this taste together. We've been taking it step by step. We've made sure every I is dotted and T's crossed, and that's why when Hunter Biden, you know, had other plans for coming in, I think that's why he's now decided he's going to come in for a sit down deposition.With respect to the phone records, we've requested specific phone records. We've requested as you know the pseudonym emails and the White House continues to obstruct.Sean, it looks like we're to be headed to court very soon for a lot of things pertaining to Joe Biden. It's like they've the Biden legal team is retreated on things with Hunter that we've requested. They've retreated on things with Jim Biden and other Biden family members and some of their associates.But when it comes to Joe Biden, the fort is up. They're armed. They're going to do everything they can to continue this obstruction because they're obviously hiding something.HANNITY: Yeah. Well, I'd like to know when we're going to get that information.Let's talk about upcoming interviews you have, with James Biden, Joe's brother and with Hunter Biden. Okay, what do you expect out of those interviews and what are you looking for?COMER: Well, we have a lot of questions. As you know, we have the bank records for both Hunter Biden and Jim Biden, and we have a lot of questions. There are a lot of loans in there. We've already discussed with Kevin Morris a few weeks ago when we interviewed him about all the loans he gave to Hunter Biden, over $6 million in loans to Hunter Biden.You mentioned two loans to Jim Biden and when you were introducing me, that's a million dollars to Jim Biden. We don't -- we haven't found any loan documentation.It appears that the Bidens may have been laundering through the term loan. You know, when you get a loan, you don't have to report that on your taxes. But a loan is something you're supposed to pay back. If you get a loan and you do not pay it back, then that's income. That's income in the form of either a gift of the -- of the person who loan money --HANNITY: But don't you legally also --COMER: -- or income from the person that received the money?HANNITY: And, by the way, if it's an extended period of time that you're paying back the loan, don't you buy as a matter of law have to charge interest? Otherwise, it's considered a gift.COMER: Yeah, you do. You do, and the interest that's just another -- another tool in the toolbox. Look, they have not produced any loan documentation. Who would loan people millions of dollars and not have a document?I mean, this is classic influence peddling. This is a way they tried to deceive the IRS and, you know, subvert the disclosure laws that are required for immediate family members of high ranking politicians. This stinks to high heaven.We're going to continue to bring these people in. We've got Jim Biden, Hunter Biden and Tony Bobulinski, all coming in, in the next three weeks. It'll be a big three weeks for the investigation. I'd like to know what the grandkids did to get the money they got and where that money went.Anyway, James Comer, thank you. We appreciate you being with us.When we come back, Bidenomics, they keep telling you how great it is, it's worse than we thought. We have a shocking report about just how much damage Joe has done to your economy and how Americans, large percentage of them, are suffering because of these failed policies, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Joe Biden has been a disaster for the U.S. economy in spite of the, quote, Bidenomics speech we keep hearing over and over again. His reckless spending created historic inflation. That reduced the value of your dollar by nearly 20 percent, then the fed, of course, raised interest rates sky high to try and bring it back down.Take a look at what it's done to our country and our citizens, the Congressional Budget Office now projects that over the next 10 years, your annual budget deficit will increase by a trillion dollars, and our nation's debt is on track to reach 116 percent of GDP by 2034. That's years from now.Now, total credit card debt in this country has now hit a record point. Once again, a whopping $1.3 trillion, staggering number. Over the past year, the U.S. economy, it is actually lost, in spite of all these people, including conservatives that I warn, don't go by the Bureau of Labor Statistics until you dig deep into what the real numbers are. But no, the economy's lost 97,000 full-time jobs while gaining 870,000 part-time jobs. And most recent jobs reports have been retroactively revised downward, that seems to happen almost every month.Now, meanwhile, a record number of Americans, they are struggling to pay rent. The rest of the country can't afford to buy a house because mortgage rates are too high. The ladies of "The View", elitist that they are, they have a solution for everyone out there, the 62 percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. Here is what that hard-hitting news show ABC's "The View", here's what they're telling you to do. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: Listen, what you --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Buy homes in this economy, it's not --(CROSSTALK)GOLDBERG: Listen, listen, I'm sorry, when I started out, I couldn't buy a home either.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: Me either.GOLDBERG: You have to work your way. I'm sorry.(CROSSTALK)BEHAR: -- 50, my first apartment.GOLDBERG: You know, that is not the first thing that happens when you come out. You got to go out and get a job. This is how you break it down. Y'all -- I know you're young, but here's what it is. You work and you can afford a house and you go and get one.You're living in New York City, can nobody afford to live.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I didn't mean me --(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, get your ass to work. Okay.Here with reaction, the two co-hosts of "The Big Money Show" on FOX Business, they are hosting a special "Education in America" town hall episode. That's happening tomorrow. That's Brian Brenberg, and Jackie DeAngelis is with us.All right. Jackie, start with you. Look, I believe in hard work. My first job was eight years old delivering papers. I was washing dishes every Friday, Saturday, Sunday night, by hand in a restaurant and I never stopped working for the next 20 years.And I got fortunate. I found something I love to do.Here's the question, for all those Americans that are suffering, and it's under Bidenomics, what -- why were people celebrating this jobs report when if you dig just an inch deep, you see that those are not full-time jobs. These are part-time jobs that a lot of people are taking just to make ends meet, to pay off high interest credit card debt.JACKIE DEANGELIS, FOX BUSINESS HOST: So they take the jobs report, and they spin it, Sean. That's what they do. Sunny Hostin, I think it was in the same episode there went on to say, you need to vote for Joe Biden because he's got an amazing economy for you, we've got low unemployment and inflation is coming down.Well, think about what real people are saying. Real people are saying, they're putting groceries on their credit card, where -- that's where the $1 trillion in credit card debt is coming from, these basic household expenses. We are dealing with a situation where most people in "The Wall Street Journal" today, they're saying, look at the disconnect between this data that they keep sighting and the headlines that are out there and how people feel. People feel like the rug could be pulled out from under them at any moment right now.And so, going off of a couple of headlines that you see in "USA Today" does not tell the whole story. Food prices in the last three years are up 20 percent. You know what happens when you raise minimum wage to 20 bucks? You get an $18 Big Mac. That is how this works.And at the end of the day, people who are trying to put food on the table, get their kids to school, just live a normal life in this country, they are struggling and they are going to vote the economy when they go to the polls, Sena, and they also are going to vote on immigration because they are not stupid. They realize that the two are tied hand in hand. You bring million people into this country and give them free stuff and we are all going to have to pay for it for years to come.HANNITY: Now, Brian, I think that she brings up a good point about Big Mac. However, my cravings are such when I have a McDonald's craving it's a quarter pound of a cheese meal, and I'll supersize it if I'm really hungry.But the reality is, it's true, it's $18. For working men and women, that's not a lunch that they can afford. That's not fast food at an affordable price that we're used to.BRIAN BRENBERG, FOX BUSINESS HOST: No, they can't afford the Big Mac. They can't afford the house. They can't afford the car. They can't afford their appliances because of restrictions. They can't afford rent.This is the point, Sean, nothing is affordable. When the administration tells you inflation rates have come down, people say, yeah, but nothing's affordable. Houses are $400,000. It's a $2,600 mortgage. Car payments are almost $700, $800.So when you add all that up, people say, you're telling me the economy is growing, and I am certainly out there spending because I have to, but I get that all of it is on a borrowed dime. The government's borrowed dime which is the taxpayers borrowed dime, or my own. And either way you slice that, Sean, at some point, that has to stop. Bidenomics is the definition of an unsustainable economic system.HANNITY: And, you know, Jackie, I look at this and I talk to people every day, and you're right, they're putting bare necessities on their credit cards, or even worse, they're cashing in their pensions with a huge penalty just -- just for those bare necessities. Those are -- those are not two good options for people.DEANGELIS: Yeah. Final point also, a lot of Americans who have been saving for retirement, Sean, they are cashing in some of that money to help their kids make ends meet right now, too. That is a very, very dangerous situation for this country.HANNITY: All right. Guys, good to see you both. We'll be watching your special tomorrow.Coming up, Biden's border breaks a disturbing new record. We'll explain. We'll get reaction. The great Victor Davis Hansen weighs in, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now, as we showed you earlier in the program tonight, Biden's border crisis it is wreaking havoc on cities all across the country. Today, border patrol officials, they told FOX News that they have encountered over 1 million illegal migrants at the border since the start of this fiscal year 2024, which by the way is the earliest this milestone has ever been hit.Meanwhile, New York city's illegal immigration crisis continues to hit new lows and after a group of illegal immigrants brutally attacked NYPD officers, and then proceeded to flee the state, now, the governor of that great state that welcomed people regardless of where they came from, you're welcome here, come, we want to see you. We'll take care of you. We'll house you.Kathy Hochul has now finally used a little common sense. Here's what she had to say on MSDNC yesterday, far different cry from what she was saying. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D), NEW YORK: I want judges to hold people and find out if there's been a history a pattern here and they should not be back out on the streets terrorizing neighborhoods or sweeping the shelves and making these poor businesses have to shut down and leaving a neighborhood without a pharmacy or place to buy their diapers. It's just wrong and we're coming at it hard.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, we're coming at it hard, but you're the one that welcomed them.Unfortunately, Mayor Eric Adams has no plans to get the situation under control. He's too busy blaming his criticism against him on race, the Fani Willis defense. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: Stand up. Stand up. They need to see you. Deputy Mayor Williams-Isom, Deputy Mayor Meera Joshi, Deputy Mayor Almanzar, Deputy Mayor Maria Torres Springer.Have you ever seen this much chocolate leading the city of New York? And then go down the line. Look, look, who's here. This is representative of the city. That's why people are hating on me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That's why people hate the mayor, hmm. Whatever happened to a colorblind society, judge people by their character, not the color of their skin, the content of their character? I don't know. I guess what we are now reduced to chocolate and vanilla.Here now with reaction, Hoover Institution senior fellow, Victor Davis Hanson.The identity politics, the blame, the cry of racism doesn't call -- you know, it's fairly predictable to me. However, I mean he's complaining, Hochul's complaining and they were two elected officials that had their arms wide open for illegal immigrants. What happened?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Well, they all were. Joe Biden, the mayor, the governor, they all felt that open borders gave them new constituencies, and they called anybody racist or xenophobic who wanted to secure the border. They said, oh, you believe in the great replacement theory, even, Sean, as they were writing books called the new demograph -- Democratic majority or demography is destiny.So they've got a problem. They can't square the circle, Sean. They, on the one hand, they want all these people to come in, but now, immigration with crime and the economy are the three chief issues, and they're all pulling against their interest.So what do they do? They don't want to shut the border. They want the constituents, but they'll lose the election. They're afraid if they keep things going.So they're trying to blame the Republicans and saying you did it because you didn't give us a comprehensive amnesty bill that would facilitate and make more orderly illegal immigration. And that's what they want. I can't believe some Republicans walked right into it and for a while were fooled.But all they have to do, they don't need new money. They don't need new laws. All they have to do is go back and look at the four-year war that Donald Trump waged and finally won against liberal courts and liberal Congress people. And he stopped catch and release. He started rebuilding the rickety fence, started on the new fence. He jaw-boned Mexico, forced them to behave and he made refugees apply in their home country and guess what? By the end of his tenure, there was a paradigm that would give you almost no illegal immigration.And as soon as Joe Biden came on, he bragged about blowing it up. So did Eric Adams, he was -- remember, Sean, in August of 2022, he was greeting with water bottles migrants as they bordered and said this is a sanctuary city. So, you know, they got what they wanted.They always thought they would never be subject to the ramifications of their own ideology. It would follow -- it would fall on border state governors and mayors and maybe change the demographics of these red states blue, and the -- and that's what they thought. But it came -- the chickens so to speak came home to roost.HANNITY: Yeah. I mean, on the other hand, they're complaining they don't have the money. I mean, now, in New York, they're going to give 500 people what, $53 million in debit card so that they can buy food or whatever they want to buy. Then another $180 million for hotels in New York City, really? How we going to afford that?HANSON: We can't, and you know, we're getting to the point now where the citizen is deemed less important than the resident or the green card or the illegal alien, because not only are they giving them more money, but they fly without ID on planes, they don't need passports to come and go across the borders.HANNITY: Unreal.HANSON: The citizen is a secondary resident now.HANNITY: Well, I got to leave it there but, Victor Davis Hanson, always love your take. Thank you for being with us.When we come back, a new effort by the DHS to combat human trafficking. Bill Melugin with the report, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: So, Lyft, the ride sharing app, is partnering with the Department of Homeland Security, all in an effort to fight human trafficking ahead of the Super Bowl in Vegas.Bill Melugin, he joins us now with a full report on this -- Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Sean, more than 300,000 people are expected to hit Vegas this weekend for the Super Bowl, and DHS, as you mentioned, is now partnering with Lyft to try to teach drivers how to help spot the signs of human trafficking. Lyft will be joining DHS's blue campaign. That's an awareness effort designed to educate people on how to thwart traffickers.Lyft will give tutorials to its drivers starting in the Vegas area and the driver only version of the app will give driver some guidance on how to contact the ride authorities if they see something shady out there. DHS says human trafficking can be much more prevalent during these big events like the Super Bowl because of the masses of people and the anonymity those crowds can provide.And, Sean, why is this a big deal? An estimated 27.6 million people all around the world are victims of human trafficking, at least according to the State Department.We will send it back to you.HANNITY: All right. Bill Melugin, thank you for that report.That's all the time we have this evening. Thank you for being with us.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled.