TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It was amazing because I had the honor of recognizing the excellence of our soldiers who come from all over the country. I'm honored to serve with them.(CROSSTALK)JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: We are so proud of you, Tulsi. All right, that's it for us have a great night, everybody.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Judge, I like all the dog one more thing. There were a lot of them especially the selfie ear (PH). OK, thanks.PIRRO: Yes, thank you.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, senators on Capitol Hill are scrambling after the $118 billion border security and foreign aid bill failed a procedural vote in the Senate. Both sides now blaming each other for tanking the measure. And now, they're trying to get the funding for Ukraine, Taiwan and Israel.Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie tells us what's causing the hiccups from Capitol Hill. Good evening, Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening to you, Bret. So, right now, the Senate is paralyzed. We're waiting to see if there's a path forward on a foreign aid only package. Some Republicans want to be able to offer amendments, some to do with the border.If this does move tonight, Bret, it would be the first time Congress hasn't rejected a big bill this week.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. McConnell? No.HASNIE (voice over): Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell the nail in the coffin as nearly every Republican and several Democrats blocked the bipartisan border deal from getting a vote on the Senate floor.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): I just voted no on the border bill. I think it makes it worse.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I came to serve in the Senate because it's a serious place. A day like today makes it hard to believe that.HASNIE (voice over): Democrat Leader Chuck Schumer quickly pivoting to his backup plan, a global aid package without the controversial border policy. That $95 billion bill would include 60 billion for Ukraine, 14 billion for Israel nine billion for humanitarian aid to Gaza and Ukraine and four billion to Taiwan and the Indo Pacific. Schumer says he will allow amendments and hopes the House will take it up.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): The House is in chaos. It doesn't behoove the speaker well to block everything.HASNIE (voice over): Speaker Mike Johnson hasn't shut the door yet after failing to pass a standalone Israel aid package last night and fumbling the impeachment of DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'll think he'll learn. Mike's a good man. I haven't lost confidence in him.HASNIE (voice over): Congressman Thomas Massie less forgiving, blasting Johnson on X writing, name one thing that's improved under the new speaker.Johnson calling the entire ordeal a setback.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): I don't think that this is a reflection on the leader. It certainly will pass those articles of impeachment. We'll do it on next round.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And Bret, that do over impeachment vote could come as early as next week. That is if leader Scalise returns to Capitol Hill if he does not and Republicans do not win that special election in New York, then impeachment of Mayorkas could be in peril, Bret.BAIER: Aishah Hasnie live on the hill. Aishah, thanks.A brutal milestone from the southern border tonight. Sources tell Fox there have been more than one million migrant encounters since October 1st, one million, not including the gotaways. This is the earliest and the fiscal year that Border Patrol has ever reported a one million figure.Within that surge, officials tell us there are dozens and dozens of dangerous gang members. Senior Correspondent Casey Stegall is in Eagle Pass Texas tonight with the latest. Good evening, Casey.CASEY STEGALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. CBP sources tell Fox about one million migrant encounter apprehension number came logged since the beginning of the fiscal year when that started back in October. By the way, that's roughly 70,000 more compared to the same time last fiscal year.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)STEGALL (voice over): Illegal border crossings have recently slowed to a trickle in Eagle Pass but officials say the flood hasn't stopped. Activity simply shifting elsewhere for now. Border Patrol sources say more than 6,800 migrants were apprehended in the last 24 hours alone.BRANDON JUDD, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: Right now as we speak, there are no caps to illegal immigration. As many people that crossed the border illegally, we have to take them into custody.STEGALL (voice over): CBP data shows more than 785,000 encounters during just the first three months of fiscal year 2024. That's more than the population of Seattle. When you fold in January in the first part of February, sources say the tally now well surpasses one million.REP. LAUREL LEE (R-FL): The numbers are just staggering. And unfortunately what we see here is a continuation of the Biden administration policies that have been in place really throughout his administration.STEGALL (voice over): The Border Patrol chief says since October 1st, his agents have also apprehended more than 160 migrants with links to criminal gangs.GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): We know that the people who control the migration across the border are the cartels.STEGALL (voice over): Texas Governor Greg Abbott was recently joined by more than a dozen other governors from around the country. All pushing for a more secure border.While on Tuesday, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, along with 15 other state attorneys general wrote a letter to U.S. Senate leadership, in part calling on Congress to allow states to enforce existing federal immigration law.ABBOTT: We're all fighting for a safer, more secure border and country.(END VIDEOTAPE)STEGALL (on camera): Tomorrow, Governor Abbott will be back here in Eagle Pass this time hosting some 20 lawmakers where he is expected to make a brand new announcement when it comes to border security, Bret.BAIER: Casey Stegall along the border. Casey, thanks.While lawmakers in Washington sort through their legislative roadblocks, President Biden is spending his day campaigning in New York City, a place all too familiar with the migrant crisis.The president using his reelection platform to blame former President Trump for Congress's legislative failures.White House Correspondent Peter Doocy. Has that part of the story live tonight from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, President Biden is talking to wealthy donors tonight about how he's never seen anything like what is happening in the Congress right now. And he says it is all because Donald Trump threatened lawmakers with retribution if they backed that border bill.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, your reaction to the failed impeachment vote, Mr. President?DOOCY (voice over): No reaction but no worries.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The bill is not passed.DOOCY (voice over): Because his DHS Secretary won't resign even if a future impeachment vote succeeds.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If that happened, would you consider stepping aside?ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY, HOMELAND SECURITY: No, I would not.DOOCY (voice over): House Republicans accused the Biden administration of using this debate in Congress as a smokescreen.REP. LAUREL LEE (R-FL): President Biden has had the ability to stop this problem since the beginning of his administration, and he has made a knowing and willful decision to do the opposite.DOOCY (voice over): Issues with President Biden's age are not improving.MARK PENN, FORMER CLINTON POLLSTER AND ADVISER: I have generally dismissed these concerns because he is running the presidency.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's been a response from the opposition.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hamas?BIDEN: Yes, I'm sorry, from Hamas.PENN: You know, the Hamas one did throw me for a bit of a loop.DOOCY (voice over): Top Democrats disagree.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): Actually, Joe Biden at his age is so -- he's -- he has a big vision for our country, brings the wisdom.DOOCY (voice over): Pelosi predicts the Biden Harris ticket will win this year as Congressman James Clyburn claims the president's poor approval rating is actually driven by mean tweets.REP. JAMES CLYBURN (D-SC): I know that most of these headlines come from those people who are pretty proficient at tweeting and whatever else you do, but voters show up for Joe Biden.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): President Biden also set up one of these fundraisers in New York tonight. There's only one existential threat we face in this world, the environment, but then a few minutes later, in the same set of remarks he said, there is only one existential threat. It is Donald Trump, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.Four reported migrants who are recorded on video assaulting two police officers last month in Times Square have not been arrested in Arizona but Immigration and Customs Enforcement as the agency had previously believed. Tuesday evening, an ICE spokesperson said four people believe to be involved in that attack were apprehended but now law enforcement officials in New York say they are not the same four who were charged in connection with the assault and that no one related to that case has been detained. It's believed those four may be out west.Strong earnings data sent stocks up today with the Dow and the S&P finishing again with record closes. The Dow gaming 156, the S&P 500 adding 41, the NASDAQ was up 148.Breaking tonight, a U.S. drone strike in Baghdad has killed a high ranking terror leader involved in an attack that killed three U.S. service members. That news comes as Secretary of State Antony Blinken met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to discuss a ceasefire with Hamas.Senior Correspondent Mike Tobin is live in Tel Aviv tonight with the latest. Good evening, Mike.MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The U.S. has carried out a strike in Baghdad killing a senior member of the Iranian proxy group Kata'ib Hezbollah or Hezbollah brigade. U.S. Central Command says he was a high value target, a commander involved in the planning of participation in attacks on U.S. forces.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TOBIN (voice over): Now, this is part of the U.S. response to the deaths of three American soldiers killed by Iranian proxies in Jordan more than a week ago, as tension builds in the region and attempt at a ceasefire in Gaza comes screeching to a halt. A Hamas counterproposal was dismissed as delusional by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, he calls for complete victory, meaning the destruction of Hamas and said the army will create the environment to bring the hostages home.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Military pressure led to the release of 110 hostages, and only continued military pressure will bring home the remaining hostages.TOBIN (voice over): U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken is here in Israel with the unenviable task of trying to find some common ground between Hamas and Israel.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: What I can tell you about these discussions is that while there are some clear nonstarters in Hamas response, we do think it creates space for agreement to be reached. And we will work at that relentlessly until we get there.(END VIDEOTAPE)TOBIN (on camera): The Hamas counter proposal called for 135 days of ceasefire, a release of all of the hostages, including the dead over three different phases, but it also called for the release of 1500 Palestinian prisoners. And a complete Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. At the moment it's going nowhere, Bret.BAIER: Mike Tobin live in Tel Aviv. Mike, thanks.Up next, how former ambassador former Governor Nikki Haley plans to recover from losing to none of the above in the Nevada primary, we'll explain.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 29 in Philadelphia, police surrounded a burning home in East Lansdowne after two officers and a young girl were shot there. Officials say they are still engaged in an active barricade situation. A SWAT team is responding to that scene.Fox 11 in Los Angeles where a new storm is forming and moving down California's coast after a deadly atmospheric river ravaged that state. Rain from the incoming storm could lead to additional flooding in areas that just experienced flash flooding and mudslides over the last few days.And this is live look at Tampa from our affiliate Fox 13, great sunset there. One of the big stories there tonight. Attorneys for music star Taylor Swift are trying to ground a social media account, tracking the movements of Swift's private jet. A student from the University of Central Florida who runs that account has been sent a cease and desist letter. That student argues the information is publicly available through government databases. He says, for now, he'll keep the site going, he's not sorry. And will try to shake it off.That's tonight's live look outside of the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Presidential candidate, Nikki Haley is defending her performance in Nevada's primary after a majority of Republican voters picked an option of none of the candidates over the former South Carolina governor former U.S. ambassador.Former President Trump will face longshot candidate, Texas pastor Ryan Binkley in the Nevada caucuses tomorrow. That's where the 26 delegates are up for grabs.It's complicated. But senior correspondent Alicia Acuna has the story from Las Vegas.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's great to be here in Orange County.ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Former U.S. ambassador to the U.N., Nikki Haley is in California today, coming off her stunning defeat in the Nevada primary to the none of these candidate's option.HALEY: Our focus is on South Carolina and going into Michigan, going into Super Tuesday. We're not focused on Nevada. We never were.ACUNA (voice over): Haley stayed out of Nevada, accusing the state GOP of rigging the system to favor former President Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I wish he had more of a presence. Yes.ACUNA (voice over): Trump was not on Tuesday's ballot and will be the only major candidate in the GOP caucus tomorrow, where delegates are awarded.Candidates were allowed to participate in only one of the contests. So, Haley's name won't be on the ballot tomorrow.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't understand why they're having both. I did the caucus process last time. So, I don't understand why we did a ballot this time.ACUNA (voice over): Trump supporters, including the State GOP chair, and the Republican governor, said they would vote in the primary for none of these candidates to deny Haley a symbolic win.On Truth Social, Trump made a prediction: "A bad night for Nikki Haley. Losing by almost 30 points in Nevada to "none of these candidates." Watch, she'll soon claim victory!"The two contests are a result of a loss state Democrats passed in 2021, which switched Nevada from caucuses to primaries to allow male-in and early voting. The Nevada GOP opposed it, opting to hold this own party one caucus with in-person voting and requiring voter I.D. Caucuses have trended in the former president's favor.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Do the caucus, not the primary. The primary is meaningless.(END VIDEOTAPE)ACUNA (on camera): Looking at how the GOP caucus is set for tomorrow evening, beginning at 5:30 p.m. local time. 8:30 p.m. Eastern. It lasts two hours and former President Trump is scheduled to host a watch party here in Vegas. Bret.BAIER: Alicia Acuna, live in Vegas. Alicia, thank you.Let's bring in Fox News chief political analyst Brit Hume. Brit, good evening. You know, as we head towards South Carolina, obviously, Nikki Haley is saying she is going to fight on there, she's at her home state.You look at the Real Clear Politics average of polls, she is trailing significantly in her home state. And she is trailing if you look at other polls in really every big state -- in every state on Super Tuesday.So, even though she is having success raising money, what do you think the path is here?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it would be hard to identify a path for if she can't do any better than she now appears to be doing in South Carolina, especially after this embarrassment in Nevada.So, I think you know, that what is more likely than anything to happen is she will either wait to see if the polls change between now and South Carolina. And if they don't, she might not even want to still be a candidate when the ballots are counted, because it would be terribly embarrassing for her to have suffered a massive defeat in her home state.And even though she does a little better at South Carolina, you know, she have to really rally some to do well enough to stay in after that. So, if it's respectable, she still might not go on.But candidates tend to stay in as long as they have money, and she appears to have money, so, she might be with us for a while, but I can't see a path.BAIER: Are there risks the downside politically, if she stays in too long, even though she has money?HUME: Well, maybe. But, you know, I think, you know, she -- if she can't go on forever, the money will dry up in a hurry if it's hopeless. And, you know, there is a lot of anti-Trump money out there that is keeping her afloat. And people genuinely admire her, she is competent candidate. There's no doubt about that.She is just -- she is running in the non-Trump-lane of the Republican Party. And the problem with that is, the non-Trump-lane of Republican Party is pretty narrow.BAIER: Yes. All right, let's turn to immigration. You saw President Biden the other day in the White House, repeatedly say the reason this bill is going down, is because the former President Trump, and if there are more problems at the border, it's because of former President Donald Trump.What about that kind of rhetorical jujitsu, and how this is going to play?HUME: Well, I suppose it's worth a try for him in his camp. But, you know, people have been living with this situation on the border now for some years. And he is been responsible, and he hasn't done what he could have done. And most people I think, understand that.I think this failure of this immigration bill was a train wreck, really of showing how dysfunctional the situation is in Congress. And function. I think, Bret, mostly of the fact that there is extremely narrow margins in both houses. So, you know, you don't need only have to lose a few members for a bill to go down.And, you know, in the House that bill was, you know, was denounced by immigration hawks has been grossly insufficient, although it contained sufficiently numerous concessions, from reluctant Democrats, that the Border Patrol union endorsed it, and other people would have to go out there and enforce that those laws every day, and they say it was a good bill.So, I don't think it was so much it was a bad bill. It's just that there is no margin for error in either house. And nobody is going to step up in an election year and vote for a bill that might prove unpopular and enough -- to enough of their constituents to cause some trouble.BAIER: Yes, quickly Brit. You know, we see how tenuous the leadership is in the House and how narrow that majority is for Speaker Johnson. But are we now seeing maybe some collapse of what we had seen as Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell really being the maestro behind the scenes of the minority on the Senate side? And maybe it's not as it's more tenuous than it has been?HUME: I think that's probably true, Bret. I still think he retains the support of the majority of his caucus. You know, when Ted Cruz comes out with some other senators to say, resigned he only has a handful of Republican senators standing with him, not entirely clear how they all feel about it anyway.Being, you know, opposed by Ted Cruz has not proved as a pass to live in the -- live in your office so far. But it could mount and he's clearly not as strong and well and robust as he used to be. And that doesn't help either.So, yes, he is in some difficulty so far, not critical, but some.BAIER: All right, Brit, as always. Thank you.Up next, Democratic Arizona Senator Mark Kelly on what comes next after the collapse of the bipartisan border and foreign aid bill.And later, Fox News speaks with Ukrainian teens who were kidnapped and forced to assimilate as Russians.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): We're governing here. Sometimes it's messy that, you know, the framers anticipated that you would have a system where people with very different philosophical viewpoints that come from different parts of the country and different constituencies would have different ideas on how to resolve their problems.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Donald Trump does not want success at the border. He wants chaos. And if he became president, I doubt he'd ever solve it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The leaders, both chambers. Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT. We're going to take a closer look tonight at the border situation and the legislative situation and what's next. Joining us, Arizona Democratic Senator Mark Kelly from Capitol Hill. Senator, thanks for coming back to SPECIAL REPORT.SEN. MARK KELLY, (D-AZ): Thank you for having me on, Bret.BAIER: I know, having talked to you before, that you are disappointed, but I want to get to you characterize what this legislative back and forth over the last couple of days has been like and what do you think comes next?KELLY: Well, it hasn't been a couple of days. It's been for months now. So, if you go back decades, Washington has failed the American people on border security and immigration and the situation at the southern border for decades. I mean, it's really been a major problem. And the last three years, since I have been in the Senate, this has been at a crisis level. And over the last several months we have had Democrats and Republicans working together to try to solve this problem. And we came up with good bipartisan legislation that would go a long way to fixing the crisis, the migration crisis, and also address this humanitarian crisis we have on the border. And over the last couple days here it fell apart in the Senate. And I would say it's one of my most disappointing days since being up here on Capitol Hill.BAIER: Senator, I had your colleague, Senator Sinema, on the other day as it was kind of getting to the voting stage. At one point I asked her this. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: You concede that when the president came out and said "I have done all I can do," that that was not true.SEN. KYRSTEN SINEMA, (I-AZ): Oh, I mean, I disagree with many of the executive actions that this administration has taken.The failure of the Biden administration to handle illegal immigration and our border security appropriately, I do not retract any of that criticism.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: I should point out that you have been very critical as well of the Biden administration on a number of fronts. However, if you look at the border crossings, just the former president to the president, 2.4 to 7.9. Now we get word that a million encounters by CBP have happened since October 1st. It's staggering.Now, is there anything preventing President Biden from going down to the border -- and he hasn't done that -- and saying, listen, they didn't give me everything I want, and they didn't do the bill, but I have things I can do, and here it is -- remain in Mexico, catch and release end, do it by executive order. What's preventing him from doing that tomorrow?KELLY: Often the courts prevent a lot of this. And you've got to remember under the former president there was Title 42, because we had a healthcare crisis, a pandemic. That doesn't exist anymore. I have been critical of this administration as well. You were in my office a year ago and we talked specifically about this, what more could they do?But right now we came up with bipartisan legislation that we worked on for months that does a lot of really good things. It's $20 billion for border security. I mean, what this does to the Border Patrol, hiring new agents, asylum officers, building new detention facilities, that's why this legislation is supported by the Border Patrol union, why "The Wall Street Journal" came out in favor of it because it's good legislation that will help.And the administration said if this passes, they will use these authorities. Our job is to pass legislation. We failed to do that today. And I think this is a really shameful day for the United States Senate.BAIER: Yes, and we could go down point by point and where the criticism is and moving the jurisdiction of the courts from the border courts to Washington, D.C., and all the specifics that Republicans had problems with. But this bill is not going anywhere, so let's not do that.I do want to talk to you about the border versus the Ukraine funding and Israel funding, even Taiwan funding. Where does that stand tonight at the possibility of that being standalone and moving forward?KELLY: Well, they were tied together. And that's what my Republican colleagues wanted. And then they didn't vote on it. And now we're in a place where we have got to vote -- I think it's still open -- on whether we strip out the border security piece and have another vote tonight. I think we will get to the second vote tonight. I'm not certain that the 60 votes are there, which is the filibuster vote, the first part of this. And if the 60 votes aren't there, I don't know what is going to happen Ukraine.Putin is going to run all the way up to the Poland border eventually and put our NATO allies in harm's ways. We could have a larger war in Europe. At the same time, we would fail to support our allies in Israel. We would be less prepared in the western pacific. That's if we don't get this legislation passed.We have an opportunity here. I'm hopeful we'll have the votes to pass it. It's the right thing to do. I can't imagine what this world will look like for your children, my children, and grandchildren if we don't confront Putin here in Ukraine. The Ukrainians have been successful -- they have been very successful to date. They have disseminated a significant portion of the Russian combat capability. It's not the time to abandon them.BAIER: Yes. And I hear that not only from you, but there are some Republicans making that. But, within the Republican Party, there is significant pushback, as you know. Rand Paul, among others, tweeted on Ukraine aid, "Ukraine aid with no strings attached, this bill funnels $7.85 billion taxpayer dollars for the lavish salaries of Ukrainian bureaucrats in addition to $60 billion more to fund their war, and this is all on top of the previous $113 billion Congress doled out to the corrupt regime." That is the pushback.And you talk about $20 billion for the border security and then they look at these numbers, you're hearing that. You are saying it's existential for that neighborhood?KELLY: Yes. And Bret, these are two different things. And Senator Paul was never going to support aid for Ukraine or any other country for that matter. But we had strong Republican support for Ukraine. We have it on our side of the aisle. We should get this done. It is the right thing to do. When you consider what we have invested in this fight already and the results -- I mean, the Ukrainians have disseminated a large percentage of the Russian combat capacity. And if we stop now, they are going to run out of ammunition. And when they run out of ammunition, the Russians are going to have an opportunity -- and I think they are going to gain the momentum here, and they will win this thing and Ukraine will lose. That would be a colossal mistake for this country.BAIER: Senator, we appreciate you coming on, and we'll track it all and see where it goes.KELLY: Well, thank you. Thanks for having me on.BAIER: Up next, we have firsthand accounts of the systemic kidnapping and brainwashing of thousands of Ukrainian children.And later, the panel on the saga surrounding the southern border and where it goes from here.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: A U.S. Marine Corps helicopter has been located in a mountainous area outside of San Diego, but search and rescue operations are still underway at this hour for five marines who were on that aircraft after it went missing last night. The marines were conducting a routine training flight when the aircraft was reported overdue to return. President Biden has been briefed on this situation.An Iran watchdog group says the country has enough weapons grade uranium to build a nuclear weapon in just one week. The Institute for Science and International Security also finds that Tehran could produce a total of six bombs in a month. It says the war in Israel is providing cover for Iran, allowing them to advance their arsenal.We have shocking information from a new report tonight detailing the great lengths Russia is willing to go to kidnap and brainwash Ukrainian children, a war crime according to the Geneva Convention. FOX News spoke with three teens who faced the forced assimilation and escaped. Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin has the story tonight from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: As the second anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine approaches, more evidence emerges that Moscow's real goal is to erase Ukraine. Authorities in Kyiv say more than 19,000 Ukrainian children have been abducted by the Russian military and sent to reeducation camps inside Russia. Three of those teens were on Capitol Hill and spoke to FOX News. Ksenia was abducted two years ago from Kharkiv with her brother who was 10 years old.KSENIA, REPATRIATED UKRAINIAN (through translator): He was told Ukraine has no future, that nobody remembers him in Ukraine. He was told that Ukrainians are dumb, that Ukrainians know nothing. They are nazis.GRIFFIN: Denys spent 10 months in a Russian camp until he was rescued. He was 16 years old, living in Kherson son with his two deaf parents when Russian troops abducted him.DENYS, REPATRIATED UKRAINIAN (through translator): At the camps they were telling us that Ukraine will be part of Russia. They were pressuring us to become Russians.GRIFFIN: Rostyslav recently celebrated his 18th birthday with other children rescued from a Russian reeducation camp.ROSTYSLAV, REPATRIATED UKRAINIAN (through translator): We were supposed to sing the Russian national anthem. And if you refused, you were punished. If you did not sing for the third time, they would put you in a tiny solitary cell with no windows and no phone. I was there four times in 35 days.GRIFFIN: Save Ukraine is the largest network of volunteers rescuing Ukrainian children deported to Russia.MYKOLA KULEBA, SAVE UKRAINE FOUNDER: It's like Underground Railroad. It's very complicated. But we have success.GRIFFIN: A dangerous journey for the relatives who are trained to sneak into Russia and find their missing children as they are being brainwashed for speedy adoptions by Russian families.KULEBA: They should speak only Russian language and learn how Russian empire is powerful.(END VIDEO TAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): Last march, the International Criminal Court charged with war crimes Russian President Vladimir Putin and the woman he put in charge of these forced deportations and abductions of Ukrainian children. Both face sanctions by the United States. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thanks.Up next, the panel on the demise of the border and foreign aid bill and the 2024 presidential race.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Bombs rip through two separate political offices in southwest Pakistan, killing at least 30 people the day before the country was set to elect a new parliament. No one immediately claimed responsibility for those bombings.Convoys of tractors converged on Barcelona's city center and farmers blocked roads across Spain in protest against high costs, bureaucracy, and cheap competition that have spilled over from elsewhere in Europe honor. We saw it in France. We saw it in Italy. The farmers say European Union rules protect the environment and they make them less competitive than farmers in other regions.And this is a live look at New Zealand. One of the big stories there tonight, China inaugurates its Ross Sea scientific research station, starting operations in outposts in the Antarctic due south of Australia and New Zealand. The station will be staffed year-round with quarters sufficient to house as many as 80 people. There are conservatives the observatory will be used to collect intelligence on Australia and New Zealand.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRANDON JUDD, ACTIVE BORDER PATROL AGENT: They knew darn good and well that because of the poison pills that Republicans were going to have to come out and say no to this bill, and they were going to try to point the fingers at them.Funding for NGOs, funding for sanctuary cities like New York City. So there are those poison pills. So get rid of those through the amendment process but keep all that's good.It's absolutely disingenuous of the president to come out and point the fingers at Republicans. He does have the authority. He is just not going to exercise the authority.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council president talking about how this border part of this bill goes down as mentioned with Senator Kelly. They are going to try to raise up or vote on the foreign funding for Ukraine and Israel.If you look at the southern border encounters, I mentioned this earlier, in all of fiscal year 2020, 458,000, in fiscal year to date, 2024, that's since October 1st, over 1 million, more than twice the entire fiscal year of 2020 on the southern border.With that, let's bring in our panel, Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner," "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight, and Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio.This was not the legislative award-winning week, Guy, on both the House or the Senate. And there is a lot of frustration up there. Republicans, I think, have a sense that the bill was just too bad to get to yes. But Democrats have a political issue that they are trying to whip Republicans about the politics of the moment.GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, they can try on immigration. I don't think they are going to succeed because, Bret, I think ultimately today in the Senate they needed to get to 60 because of procedure. They didn't get to 50. This bill was a zombie for a number of days. It was not going to succeed because of some of the issues politically and otherwise on both sides of the aisle.For Republicans, fundamentally, there just is no trust of the Biden administration to faithfully execute a new law when it comes to this realm because they have been failing to do so utterly for the last three years involving previously passed laws, laws on the books. They believe that President Biden doesn't tell the truth on this issue. And in fact, just this week he said the only reason the border isn't secure is because of Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans.And if you look at the numbers you just put on the screen, when Donald Trump left things are in much better shape than they are now. Things are disastrous, historically so at the moment. No laws have changed in the interim when it comes to immigration. The desires and the priorities of the administration and the president have. It's so obvious that this spin I don't think is going to fly with voters that the Democrats are clearly attempting.BAIER: Yes, Stef, it seems like it will be tough to get that to stick. We've talked about the Republicans voting down the bill. There were some Democrats who also voted to not get there, and here's the list -- Markey, Menendez, Padilla, Warren, obviously Senator Schumer votes that way to bring it up again as just a procedural thing. But those four adding their list because they thought it was too favorable to Republicans.STEF KIGHT, POLITICAL REPORTER, "AXIOS": Right. I mean, I have heard from Democrats and from immigration advocates who had real concerns with the bill from the left. And you look at the policy behind this deal, I've dug into the bill text. And the reality is the White House did concede quite a bit on some of these measures. This would have imposed some real asylum restrictions. And of course, Republicans say that President Biden could be doing more with the authority he has, and that is true. But the Senate had an opportunity to try to force Biden's hand through law and they stepped away from that, which is certainly remarkable to see.And certainly, we have seen the blame game begin with Republicans still trying to pin this on President Biden, and kind of for the first time Democrats going on offense with the border issue, trying to point the fingers back at Republicans. And I have been on the Hill all week, and it's certainly been quite -- quite a show.BAIER: Yes, quite a show, indeed.Meantime, there's some breaking news. Byron, a little audible here. A.P. moving, special counsel investigating Biden's handling of classified documents has completed probe. That's according to the attorney general. Remember, this is the handling of classified documents by then Vice President Biden. Our own Peter Doocy was asking the president about that some time ago. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Classified material next to your Corvette, what were you thinking?JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: By the way, my corvette is in a locked garage, OK? So it's not like they are sitting out in the street.People know I take classified documents and classified material seriously. I also said we're cooperating fully and completely with the Justice Department's review.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Byron, there's no indication that there are any charges or anything that is going to come from this from a punishment standpoint. But there is worry inside the White House about an embarrassment standpoint about how things were handled.BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: We think Robert Hur, the special counsel here, has decided not to charge the president with anything. But he is required to write a report on what he has found, give it to the attorney general, and then the attorney general should make it public. So we'll know what Joe Biden did. We know the White House is worried about any photos that might exist of classified documents, maybe in his garage or some other place.And here's the thing. Democrats will point out that the difference between the Biden case and President Trump's case in which he has been indicted on dozens of counts involving classified information -- the difference there is that Trump is accused of obstructing justice in the whole investigation and Biden is not. But on the basic issue, did they mishandle classified documents, I think in the end you'll have a lot of Republicans saying Biden did it, too? What is the big deal here?BAIER: Right. And then you have got the possibility, or at least it's being alleged that some of the documents go back to his time in the Senate, Guy. And that's where you have a SCIF, an area in the Senate where you can't really take the documents out of there, and senators even on the Democratic side say how in the heck did that happen?The attorney general's letter tonight says, "I'm committed to making as much of the special counsel's report public as possible, consistent with legal requirements and department policy." So we expect some kind of report coming out. I wouldn't be surprised if it's 5:00 p.m. Friday before the Super Bowl weekend, but we'll see.BENSON: That's very possible, Bret, if you want to be cynical, which maybe we should be, operating in Washington, D.C. But I think at the very least you are going to see a political headache developing here for Biden, not just the White House, but his campaign as well, because so much of the presidential campaign moving forward is going to be mudslinging contest between two relatively unpopular people. And this muddies the waters on one of the big, what they feel like clear shots they have got on Donald Trump politically. Here is going to be some official special counsel probably revealing some very unflattering things about the president and the way that for a long time, apparently, he has been mishandling classified material.BAIER: Quickly, Stef, we are in for a long general election.KIGHT: We certainly are, but it is definitely getting started. We know that President Biden is ready to start really focusing his attacks on Donald Trump himself, as "Axios" has been reporting. Biden has avoided Trump's name for a long time, but we know that he is now ready to really zero in on the one person who seems more likely than not to be the Republican nominee at this point.BAIER: Yes. OK, panel, thanks so much.And finally tonight, today's throwback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Shake it up, baby, now. Shake it up, baby. Twist and shout.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: A live look at New York city there. Exactly 60 years ago today, 1964, the so-called British invasion struck the U.S. It all began when the famous English rock band the Beatles arrived at JFK airport there in New York where they were greeted by more than 3,000 fans. Following their entry into the U.S., a new wave of British rock music swept over the nation. There you go.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, big Pharma CEOs testify on Capitol Hill about skyrocketing drug prices.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thank you for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.