(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Out of time. Thanks to Todd Piro, Morgan Ortagus, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, Vivek Ramaswamy, our lovely studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld, and I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.We are getting breaking reports about the U.S. launching a new round of strikes against the Houthis in Yemen. Now, this comes after the Houthis defied the U.S. and fired yet another missile into those red sea shipping lanes.We are getting a defense expert to give us an analysis and should have him up ready and on camera in moments.Meantime, just three days until Iowa voters decide who they think the Republican nominee for president should be. Aishah Hasnie is Live in Des Moines, Iowa where voter turnout could be affected by extremely icy and cold conditions.Aishah, good evening.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. The campaign trail has already been impacted by the severe weather.Tonight, former President Trump had to cancel two of his rallies tomorrow on Saturday and a third on Sunday, leaving just one rally left. He said on Truth Social tonight that he is going to try to get to Iowa by tomorrow night, possibly Sunday morning. We'll see if that happens.Meanwhile, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, his schedule is also changing not due to the weather though. He is now going to fly directly to South Carolina after the caucuses Monday night, instead of going to New Hampshire, which is tradition.He will hold an event in Greenville and then fly to New Hampshire, where he is down in the polls. He is targeting Nikki Haley's home state to send a message that he is serious about competing with her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL), PRESIDENTIAL CANDATE: Nikki Haley was governor there, and I've got like five times more endorsements from state legislators, current and former than she does, and that, that would be unthinkable for the opposite to happen in a place like Florida. And so, she is really out of step, I think, with South Carolina.HASNIE (voice over): Back here in Iowa, Fox got a firsthand look at these canvassers with a pro-Nikki Haley super PAC, going door to door in the middle of a blizzard, just outside Des Moines.Nearly 200 people are out there and across nine counties, trying to make that final push for Haley for caucus night.We could -- we could switch to phones, but the best conversations are had at people's doorsteps. And so, we only have a finite amount of time, we want to make the most of that.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE (on camera): Vivek Ramaswamy's camp aide has also been out there canvassing and working the phone banks all day. It's all about getting voter turnout on Monday night in these brutal, brutal temperatures. Trace.GALLAGHER: They are cold and the young may not show as much enforces the older people. Aishah Hasnie live for us in Des Moines. Aishah, thank you.Let's bring in Media Research Center T.V. contributing writer, Stephanie Hamill, along with former presidential and California gubernatorial candidate, Larry Elder. Thank you both for coming on.I want to put this up on thing. This is the USA Today, the latest Suffolk poll. If the caucus were held today, you see that -- you see -- what? We just lost Stephanie for a second there. We got Larry Elder, we're in good shape.We've got -- you see President Trump, 54 percent; Nikki Haley, second at 20. Ron DeSantis now kind of a really a distant third at 12.8, Larry. What if Haley ends up pulling a 30 percent? I mean, you see the president -- note, former president very strong. If she pulls a 30 and Trump is at 40. All of a sudden, this whole thing changes.LARRY ELDER (R), GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, CALIFORNIA: I think it does. If there's anything I've learned about politics, having watched them ever since I was a kid is, things are unpredictable.Early in 2016, I would not have seen Donald Trump coming. In 2020, I did not see Joe Biden becoming the nominee. Things are unpredictable.The weather is a factor. We don't know about that. The other big factor is the governor of Iowa, and I met her. Kim Reynolds, when I was campaigning, very popular. And she has given a strong endorsement to Ron DeSantis. And travelling around with him.So, who knows?GALLAGHER: Yes.ELDER: And when you get to New Hampshire, independence can vote in New Hampshire. You have a very popular governor who despises Trump.GALLAGHER: Yes.ELDER: Who is -- who is supporting Nikki Haley. So, who knows?GALLAGHER: Yes, I think it's a -- it's a great question. Who knows? But and the truth is, if you look at those numbers, and Katie, if we can put those back up, we're talking about the Suffolk poll again.We got Stephanie Hamill back with us.And you look at these numbers, Stephanie, and maybe it's just me, but it seems like Ron DeSantis needs to have a better than average showing on Monday night. Is that a fair assessment?STEPHANIE HAMILL, CONTRIBUTOR, MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER: That is a fair assessment. Absolutely. But what we did hear from the DeSantis campaign is regardless what happens on Monday, he will continue to campaign. What I found to be interesting is that they're going to skip New Hampshire, and he's going to continue on to campaign in South Carolina.So, what does this say about what It's going to happen in the future? I mean, what's happening on Monday is this a battle between the two. Who is going to be in second place?GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMILL: As we know, president -- former President Donald Trump is poised to win. So, it will be interesting to see where the support for Chris Christie will go. And it will be interesting to see how the candidates continue to differentiate themselves.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.We talked with Aishah Hasnie about the weather. And it's been very big, cold icy, you know, they've had snows, all kinds of stuff in there. Maybe a little bit warmer, but not much warmer on Monday.Here is some of the voters who talked about the conditions in Des Moines. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know, those of us that have grown up in Iowa, the weather has never stopped us. I mean, even blizzards, cold, rain, snow, it doesn't make a difference.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think most rural Iowa will still turn out. And no matter what the weather is.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It will take a lot for us not to go. I think we'll go.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I really think it depends on how passionate they are. I will be out. No matter what the weather is doing, I will be here to caucus.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: They're all going to be out, Larry, but you look at them, and those are all probably more than 29-year-old people and a lot of these analysts say, you know, the 18 to 29-year-olds might not show up for this. It's important, the weather.ELDER: Well, I met a lot of Iowans when I was campaigning, and they are passionate about the caucus. I went to college in New England. I went to -- I worked in the Midwest for a number of years, even though I'm from here. I have never been in whether minus 20, let alone minus 30.I have no idea how that's going to cut. If you're over 70 years old, it's a health risk.GALLAGHER: Yes.ELDER: And the younger people, they are the ones that are less enthusiastic, and they turn them off. I don't know.GALLAGHER: Yes. And meantime, I want to put this up because this is Rand Paul. Senator Rand Paul saying that he is a Never Nikki voter. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. RAND PAUL (R-KY): I don't think any informed or knowledgeable libertarian or conservative should support Nikki Haley.I've seen her attitude towards our event -- our interventions overseas. I've seen her involvement in the military industrial complex.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, Stephanie Hamill, you don't generate backlash and hate unless you have touched a nerve and it appears Nikki Haley has touched a few nerves along the way.HAMILL: Yes, I wasn't expect to see a non-endorsement coming from Senator Rand Paul. I mean, he didn't endorse any candidates, right?GALLAGHER: Right.HAMILL: He said he liked a little bit of what all the candidates were saying. But he wanted to make it clear, he was not a fan of Nikki Haley. With that being said, he has concerns about what he refers to as, "forever wars", and how she supports that.He also has concerns about her ideas and desire to have people named themselves before they use social media, which he thought was an invasion of privacy.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMILL: What I thought was interesting, too, is you'll often hear a lot of the people that are supporting Nikki Haley, they will say that they want to see decency in the White House. And we've heard Haley also say that she believes that Trump -- chaos follows Trump everywhere.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right. Yes.HAMILL: I wanted to point out that the Media Research Center did release a study to this week --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Very quickly.HAMILL: That showed that 91 percent of the news coverage on Trump from the major networks was negative. So, I don't know if it's really a Trump issue or if it's a media issue.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. Well, we know that. I mean, look -- and that's -- yes.ELDER: Shock. Let's go shock.GALLAGHER: That's not a show, that's we -- that is well known.(CROSSTALK)HAMILL: And I think it will follow all of the other Republican as well.GALLAGHER: We got to go.Stephanie Hamill, Larry Elder, thank you both. We appreciate it. Meantime, new polling shows the biggest issue for voters in the Iowa caucuses is the border and illegal immigration.And on that note, the standoff between Texas and the Biden administration is now escalating. Today, the Texas National Guard seize control of a park in Eagle Pass to stop the surge of illegal immigration. Even blocking the Border Patrol from entering.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with the back and forth on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. The Texas National Guard, stepping in to take over an area that frankly has become the real epicenter of the migrant crisis.We're talking about Shelby Park and Eagle Pass, Texas, once overrun by migrants, now, closed off, with razor wire and fences. It's all part of Texas Governor Greg Abbott's emergency declaration to rein in the migrant crisis by sending state resources to the border.But it's also ruffling some feathers with Democrats, and of course, the Fed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROLANDO SALINAS, MAYOR OF EAGLE PASS, TEXAS: Through the state's emergency declaration was going to take full control and custody of Shelby Park.This is not something that the city will wanted, requested, asked for.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Now, with the Texas National Guard taking control, CBP, that of course being Customs and Border Protection are actually blocked from accessing Shelby Park.However, Border Patrol council president, Brandon Judd, tells Fox, that this is a force multiplier. In other words, it will help assist Border Patrol in curbing the thousands of migrants who enter Eagle Pass every day.By the way, this isn't the first time ever it's gotten under the Fed skin. The White House actually sued the Lone Star State for a law that gives Texas and local law enforcement their authority to arrest illegal aliens.And in turn, Abbott, of course sued the administration for sending agents to cut razor wire fences at the southern border.Bottom line, Trace, Texas is taking matters into its own hands because they argue the Feds simply aren't doing enough.GALLAGHER: It seems like a good argument to make, Kevin.CORKE: Yes.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Thank you.Let's bring in former Army reserve captain and intelligence officer, a Republican candidate for Congress in Arizona, Abe Hamadeh. And from the Alliance of Los Angeles County Parents, Attorney Julie Hamill. Thank you both for coming. We appreciate it.So, I mean, I get the federal government, Julie, has failed on this. I mean, listen, we see it, 7 million migrants have come in.I'm just wondering, does Texas -- you're the lawyer, does Texas have legal standing to actually shut down that park and keep the Border Patrol from coming in there?JULIE HAMILL, FOUNDER, ALLIANCE OF LOS ANGELES COUNTY PARENTS: Well, this is a really fascinating issue. And I've been doing a deep dive on Texas history. Now, they were an independent nation for 10 years.GALLAGHER: Yes.J. HAMILL: But what's going on right now is our federal government is not only not enforcing the border, they are actively interfering with Texas efforts to defend and enforce its border.GALLAGHER: Yes.J. HAMILL: And then, I mean, what is going on at the border, I think is unprecedented. And you're looking at the harms, you're looking at the children being displaced from schools in order to house migrants like these are real, real issues that have real impacts on American taxpayers.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.J. HAMILL: And nobody is doing anything at the border. And, in fact, the DOJ is actually suing Texas for trying to defend its border.GALLAGHER: Right. Yes, it really does. It doesn't make any sense.And Abe, you know, the flood is coming over your border as well in Arizona. And we have noticed that now for the past 3-1/2 years. What are your thoughts and what Greg Abbott is doing in Texas, and do you think it's a good move?ABE HAMADEH, FORMER UNITED STATES ARMY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER: And what other option does he have, Trace? When the federal government has refused to act, it's up to the states to actually protect its citizens.You know, Arizona is home to S.B. 1070. If you remember that law from about 13 years ago.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: Where we were sued by the federal government. So, Texas has to undergo these legal challenges. But, you know, that with the new makeup of the Supreme Court, I'm more optimistic that the states are going to win on this issue. Because, you know, as we've all seen that seven to 10 million people coming across our southern border --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: That's importing a whole new state. That's bigger than the state of Arizona.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: It's unsustainable. It's putting a strain on all these resources. So, you know, the Democrats and these mayors in Chicago and New York, I see them, you know, up in arms about what's happening because they have to live with the consequences of their sanctuary cities.But, you know, I applaud Governor Abbott for actually taking matters into his own hands to protect his own citizens.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. And you talk about the strain is putting on cities. New York Mayor Eric Adams now considering a curfew for migrant shelters.Here is a Brooklyn man. Put this up on the screen. He describes his neighborhood, according -- "I see them," he is talking about the migrants, "sitting outside stores, outside the mall, and going around all the houses in the neighborhood, knocking on the door looking for the money."The city does not have the resources, Julie, to be able to deal with this kind of a thing. We have seen this not just for a couple of months, this has been going on for the better part of a year and a half in New York. And they have said again and again, we need help. They've got no help.J. HAMILL: Well, and we're -- I think, we're going to see some action from the United States Supreme Court, because last night, the United States Department of Justice filed an emergency application for stay of the injunction.GALLAGHER: Right.J. HAMILL: The injunction prohibits the Feds from interfering and cutting down the barriers that Texas has put into place. And so, now, there is an emergency application pending for the United States Supreme Court.GALLAGHER: Right.J. HAMILL: I'm very interested to see what ends up happening with that.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really -- it's fascinating, because, you know, that could change the dynamic of how a lot of these cities handle this.Speaking of cities, here is the Chicago residents, saying the homeless do not get the same care from the local governments as the migrants. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CARA TRUSS, CHICAGO RESIDENT: Not only are the Chicago residents who are homeless, not getting the same annuities that the migrants are getting. They are not getting help at all.They are not receiving the same services. Some of the migrants are being put up in hotels.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean that from New York State, Abe Hamadeh, for -- to Chicago, you name it, the same complaints are the migrants are getting preferential treatment. They are getting into schools and the people who actually are citizens of these countries, or these states not getting it.HAMADEH: It's so sad to see. Now, we have homeless veterans on the streets. But you know, what we've done by importing seven to 10 million illegal immigrants? We've really important seven to 10 million homeless, illegal immigrants. That's the issue.So, you're seeing them now kicking students out of schools to house these illegal immigrants in schools.It's really -- it's -- the American people are waking up, and it's no longer -- it's not a non -- it's a nonpartisan issue, Trace.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: So, if you're seeing what's happening here in Arizona, finally, the rest of the country is waking up to what we've had to deal with for the past decade or so.So, you know, President Trump, he really had a handle on our southern border. That's what's amazing.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: With 300,000 people entered our country just last month, imagine that. 300,000 new people. That's an importing a new city every single month. It's unsustainable. So, you know, right now, Congress needs to act to secure our border because we know the Biden administration is failing to do its job.GALLAGHER: Abe Hamadeh, Julie Hamill, thank you both.J. HAMILL: Thank you.HAMADEH: Thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: Now, back to the breaking news we brought you at the top of the hour, the U.S. military struck another Houthi target in Yemen. We are told it was a radar site that the U.S. military thought was still presenting a threat to ships in the Red Sea.Jeff Paul is live in the newsroom with the breaking information on this. Jeff, good evening.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Trace.And we are learning these latest strikes are in no association with and are separate from last night's large-scale operation involving more than 20 countries. A U.S. official confirms to Fox News that this was a follow-on action on specific military targets designed to degrade the Houthis' ability to continue attacking ships in the Red Sea.Now, all of this underscores this intensifying situation in the Red Sea. After Thursday's large-scale strike on Houthi targets in Yemen, the U.S. warned American flag ships to stay away from areas near Yemen in both the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden.The warning came as the Iranian-backed Houthis promised a strong response to the recent strikes.President Biden today addressing how the U.S. could respond if this latest escalation continues.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If the attacks don't stop will you continue the strike, sir?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We will make sure that we respond to Houthis if they continue this outrageous behavior, along with our allies.PAUL (voice over): The president's answer only furthers the concern of a widening conflict in the region, as the Israel-Hamas war enters its fourth month. The worry is Iran which backs the Houthis is trying to draw the U.S. deeper into the current conflict.The National Security Council's John Kirby had this to say about the growing tensions.REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: We're not interested in a war with Yemen. We're not interested in a conflict of any kind here. In fact, everything the president has been doing has been trying to prevent any escalation of conflict, including the strikes last night.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL (on camera): Now, since mid-November, the Iranian-backed Houthis have launched more than two dozen attacks against merchant ships in the Red Sea.Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin, says the U.S. strike sends a clear message that the Houthis will bear the further costs if they do not end their illegal attacks. And Trace, Austin also added the U.S. maintains its right to self-defense. Trace.GALLAGHER: Jeff Paul, live in the newsroom. Jeff, back to you as the news warrants.Let's bring in a former Navy SEAL who trained with IDF Special Forces Cameron Hamilton. Cameron, it's great to have you on.So, the U.S. conducted additional strikes against Houthi targets tonight because the Houthis again, fired a missile into the Red Sea.So, yesterday's strikes we thought would deter them. It has been had no deterrent effect, whatsoever. And yet, we're going to keep this back and forth going for how long?CAMERON HAMILTON (R), CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE, VIRGINIA: That's a great question, Trace. Again, thank you for having me.What we find here is, again, soft rhetoric and soft implications against regions and nations that are aggressive in this area. Really yield results like this all too common.So, when the Biden administration tries to appease radical agendas, and we project weakness overseas, we make ourselves subject to additional attacks. Unfortunately, what we're seeing out of the Houthis, they have quite a bit of infrastructure, and they have quite a bit of capabilities that I think many people would underestimate and do so very foolishly.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMILTON: So, we obviously need to defend the trade and defend the routes of egress that go back and forth with much supplies in and out of that region.But at the same time, the Houthis wouldn't be attempting this if they felt that we had different leadership here in the United States. And even in the UKGALLAGHER: Yes, good assessment.Congressman Mike Gallagher, GOP House Armed Services Committee member said the following, and I'll see if you agree on this, Cameron. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): The administration is claiming that these long overdue strikes will do just that, but at the same time simultaneously admitting that the Houthis are likely to retaliate, which by definitions means that deterrence is not restored.So, I hope this marks the beginning of a shift in the administration's posture towards Iran and its proxies. We will have to get more aggressive.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: But there is no indication Cameron that the Biden administration has any intention of going directly after Iran.HAMILTON: That's absolutely correct. There are a lot of different leverages that we can use for influence. And to put pressure on Iran, some direct, some indirect, and I think we should use other means other than direct military action.Of course, we need to protect the trade of this region. But again, when we go soft on radical Islam and radical Islamic terrorism, this is the consequence that we find all too often.So, what I'd like to see as the United States bolster up and assume a much more strong and stern stance on combating some of these efforts. But we'll see.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMILTON: This also brings in a lot of light with what's going on with Secretary Austin. Frankly, the American people have lost a lot of faith, and hope, and trust in some of our current military leadership, again, because of an inculcated sentiment and environment right now this administration with a lack of accountability.GALLAGHER: Yes. Cameron, we will bring you back as these attacks this back and forth escalates. Thank you so much for coming on. We appreciate it.Coming up, why California's attorney general is telling schools to basically ignore policies that require them to tell parents about their own child's gender identity?And later in the "NIGHTCAP", we have crazy viral video. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER (voice over): Of a mouse literally cleaning up a man shed, picking up scraps and putting them in a box. If that mouse was in your shed, after being such a good guest, would you let it stay? Or would you set a trap to get the heck out of here?Let us know X and Instagram @tracegallagher. Does Mr. Mouse get to stay or go? And why? We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".Meantime, 8:20 on the West Coast. Here is a FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. First, a live look at San Francisco where a TikTok food critic with a 16 million following says he won't review any restaurants because the city is filthy, filled with homeless, and has bad food. But hey, the skyline is beautiful. By the way, we'll talk about that coming up.And now to the bright Oklahoma City skyline, courtesy of EarthCam. And finally, a live look, Miami University, home of the Miami Hurricanes. If you can't join us live, do not forget, set your DVR and watch us anytime. We're coming right back.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, the attorney general here in California has now sent a legal warning to all of the state's public and charter schools, telling them not to adopt policies that would out transgender students.So, if students change their pronouns or start using different bathrooms, parents should not be told.Marianne Rafferty is live with more on this growing controversy. Marianne, good evening.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, a controversy, indeed.Well, a number of schools in California have enacted policies that require parents to be notified if their child uses a bathroom or plays on a sports team that doesn't correspond to their gender at birth.But California's Attorney General Rob Bonta says these policies amount of the forced outing of transgender students and can damage their psychological and emotional well-being. His office has issued a legal alert to all of the state schools warning that parental notification policies violate state laws and policies that "forcibly" out students have no place in the classroom.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROB BONTA, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF CALIFORNIA: So, it's a choice. A choice to be hateful, a choice to discriminate, a choice to hurt children to trample on their rights, they have chosen that. And we are here to prevent them from implementing that choice.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAFFERTY: Bonta has been involved in a fierce legal fight against parental notification policies. That was him late last summer, when he announced a lawsuit against Chino Valley Unified District's policy, a state court has temporarily blocked its enforcement, while the case proceeds.It's important to note that these kinds of legal alerts are intended to demonstrate how the attorney general interprets the law. But advocates for parental rights say, Bonta's interpretation wrongly assumes that all parents are abusers. Trace?GALLAGHER: Marianne, thank you.Let's bring in Chino Valley Unified School Board president, Sonja Shaw, and California State Assembly member, Kate Sanchez. And we really should understand, Sonja, that this is his interpretation of the law. Rob Bonta. And a lot of judges, a lot of lawyers strongly disagree with that.The Sacramento Bee writes the following, quoting here, "California school districts should not force staff to out transgender students to their parents. Attorney General Rob Bonta warned in a legal memo sent out Thursday."Again, his legal opinion, your thoughts on this. Because this is your district that really was at the -- at the pinnacle of this lawsuit.SONJA SHAW, PRESIDENT, CHINO VALLEY UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT BOARD: Absolutely. And we're still in the fight. We're still going to stand for what's right. But I will say that Bonta is obsessed with power. And this is what he is doing. He is trying to bully school districts and not doing what's right.Parents do not lose their rights when they drop off their kids. Period.Bonta is not parenting their child, neither do we want Bonta to parent our child. So, I think, it's really interesting though, because, Trace, he talks about how these kids are bullied and they're in danger at school as well.GALLAGHER: Right.SHAW: What has he done to keep kids safe at schools?GALLAGHER: Right?SHAW: Our California is a chaos -- chaotic place, where we're trying to implement safety policies in school, but because of what's going on, on the streets, and him, allowing criminals on the streets to go wackadoodle --GALLAGHER: Yes.SHAW: He continued to show his abuse of power. This is absolute insanity, and I hope this wakes up parents to realize he is insane.GALLAGHER: Right. Teachers, educators cannot discipline students anymore in public schools. It is against all the rules.Speaking of schools in Denver, the internal memo shared at Denver Public Schools. This is from the group, End Wokeness. It's called the Black Excellent pledge. Put this on the screen. "All educators need to deeply understand white supremacy, white privilege, and deep harm whiteness brings to students and team members. For all lives to matter, we must commit to black lives matter because in our educational system, we have consistently left out black students and black team members behind. We all perpetuate racist ideologies policies and practices in some way and must work tirelessly in our efforts to be anti-racist."I mean, how's that for 2020 -- that's 2020 lingo in 2024, Kate?KATE SANCHEZ (R), CALIFORNIA STATE ASSEMBLY MEMBER: So, I believe teachers really need to just get back to the basics and focus on teaching math, science.GALLAGHER: Wouldn't that be nice?SANCHEZ: We need to stop with this racist propaganda and I also believe that, I definitely think that teachers need to make sure that they keep all this out of the schools.GALLAGHER: Yes, because the whole concept of this is, why are the test scores so -- why are we worrying about this when test scores are at 30-year lows? Why can't we teach kids math and reading, go back to the basics, and then put this aside for when it's -- OK, anyway, here we go. So, a celeb cook or food critic, Keith Lee, has 16 million followers on TikTok, right? And he posted the following comment, quoting here, about the San Francisco Bay Area, "Unfortunately, the Bay Area stop on the Keith Lee and family food tour is officially over, prematurely.I truly don't believe the Bay is a place for our tourists right now, and that's what I was, a tourist. The amount of tents and living structures and burnt up cars that we saw people living in was shocking to say the least." He also said, "The food's not good, and the business owners are 'just surviving'". He's got 16 million followers, Sonja. So, this guy has got some, he's got some sway, and this is not a good thing for the city of San Francisco.SANJA SHAW, CHINO VALLEY CALIFORNIA SCHOOL BOARD PRESIDENT: Absolutely not. And just like us, as school board members, they hosted a huge thing for all school board members to go there. We weren't going to go there. But poop and food do not go together. I was going to bring the poop map but I forgot about it.GALLAGHER: Which was your famous feces map on the streets of San Francisco.SHAW: Exactly, but the very fact that they're shutting down businesses, you're turning down opportunity for a city to grow is alarming, right? But they're not doing anything to solve it, they're making it worse.GALLAGHER: And the thing is, Kate, and you know this, because we went to, we went to the big event in San Francisco where President Xi came in and they cleaned it all up. And then two weeks later, it was just back to the same thing. And the people that I know who live up there are just, they're just beaten down. They're exhausted that their city would do this to them.SANCHEZ: I think San Francisco is a perfect model of what leftist radical ideologies look like when they go unchecked. And so, what we're seeing now is businesses leaving, people struggling, and unfortunately what they want to do with San Francisco, they want to take to the entire state and then nationwide.GALLAGHER: Kate Sanchez, Sonja Shaw, thank you both.SHAW: Thank you.SANCHEZ: Thank you for having us.GALLAGHER: Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" was fascinated to see the Wall Street Journal story on why flying in America has never been safer. U.S. airlines have gone 15 years without a fatal crash. And experts say it's primarily because in the 1990s U.S. airlines adopted a system where pilots, flight attendants, and air traffic controllers try to prevent accidents before they happen by voluntarily reporting safety issues and mistakes without retribution.In other words, they were asked to rat themselves out. They did. It worked. Common sense wonders what would happen if politicians were honest and self- reported their mistakes, occasionally saying, you know what, I screwed up. Instead, we get the border is secure, the exit from Afghanistan was seamless, the laptop is Russian disinformation, and so on and so forth. Politics is the opposite of the honor system. It's built on dishonesty.You get elected, you lie, you deny. And if you get caught, like Congressman Adam Schiff, you're not punished, you're applauded, because you're not a liar, you're a maverick. Like the guy in "Top Gun", which brings us back to flying. America has greatly benefited by the honesty of pilots, and common sense thinks a little truth across the board might do America some good, because planes are not the only things that crash.And coming up, the Iowa caucuses only a couple of days away now. How will the evangelicals vote?And still ahead, a storm in Maine brought down the house, and we're talking literally.And an electric double-decker bus goes up in flames. It's the day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS," Friday night version next.But first a live EarthCam view of the Ben Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia, home to the Museum of Arts. Stay with us, we're coming back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back to our Democracy 2024 coverage and former President Trump's renewed support with evangelicals, especially the Iowa faithful. The senior national correspondent, Kevin Corke, is back live with a closer look at this. Kevin.CORKE: Trace, you could call it the return of the prodigal son. Former President Trump dominating among evangelical voters, a very crucial voting bloc for 2024 GOP candidates in particular if you know politics you know that is certainly true. And it's just the sort of news the frontrunner really needs with the Iowa caucuses just a couple of days away.Case in point, a September 2023 survey from the Deseret News and Harris suggested more than half of Republicans see Mr. Trump as a person of faith a belief that seems fairly evident in Iowa this year as well with the latest polling for the Des Moines Register NBC News and Media Calm showing Mr. Trump carrying 51 percent of Iowa GOP caucus voters, voters that is. By the way, that is about double the support that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has, and as you see well, well out in front of Nikki Haley -- quadruple her support right now.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) RALPH REED, FAITH AND FREEDOM COALITION FOUNDER: Trump is performing as a quasi-incumbent. He's getting rewarded for a record among these faith-based voters on life, on judges, on Israel, on religious freedom, and that's made it tougher for some of the other candidates to make their camp.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Makes it tougher. We'll see if it pays dividends on caucus day, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes, Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in the pastor of the First Baptist Church in Dallas, Fox Contributor, Robert Jeffress, along with the Founder of 40 days for life, Shawn Carney. Gentleman, thank you both. Pastor, I talked to another pastor seven years ago who said that that you know Trump had no morals, and now he's a Trump voter. I just, what is the draw? Why are evangelicals drawn to the former president?ROBERT JEFFRESS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, watching the pictures of snow in Iowa tonight reminded me of trumping around in the snow eight years ago with then businessman Donald Trump. And a lot of evangelicals were skeptical. They didn't vote for him. They thought he was making pledges he would never keep. But what has changed this time is looking back, they can see for his four years in office, he did everything he said he would do and more. And so, they're supporting him because of his record. But I think something else is going on as well.I think after eight years, evangelicals have developed an immunity to the attacks from the left of being hypocrites for voting for Donald Trump. Look, I voted for Ronald Reagan in 1980 even though he was the first divorced president in history. I voted for him not to support divorce, but to support his policies, and that's why evangelicals are thriving in their support for President Trump. It's his policies that are going to cause him to win Iowa Monday night and the presidency in November, I predict.GALLAGHER: Shawn Carney, would you echo that or would you disagree or expand?SHAWN CARNEY, FOUNDER, 40 DAYS FOR LIFE: Well, I mean, I was a, I was an early Trumper before Donald Trump even announced and I was alone in many circles. To answer your question, I think it's the death of Scalia in February of 2016. Without that, Donald Trump does not get elected and that is what brought so many Christians who are very hesitant and didn't like Donald Trump for his moral issues as you cited, that got them over the hump. It was the court. It became about the court. He delivered. They overturned Roe v. Wade. I think if he or any other Republican neglects that pro-life vote, which is a large single-issue constituency, they're going to lose. It was, it was the Christian vote on the courts in 2016 that elected him.GALLAGHER: Yes, yes, I've heard that many times. The far-left New Statesman writes the following here: "Trump's promise to impose his will, democracy be damned, isn't a problem for these voters. It's an advantage. Their goal is a return to an imagined past. Us in U.S., it passed U.S. in which racial minorities knew their place. Men were dominant. Women subservient. Trump both promises to bring that world into being and embodies it." So basically, Pastor Jeffress, they're saying that evangelicals are racist, sexist, misogynist, you name it. That's the list. Your thoughts.JEFFRESS: Yes, and tell me something new. The left has said that and made that accusation. The left absolutely hates the idea of evangelical Christians being involved in politics. But you know, when Jesus told us to be salt, he meant we're to be a preservative in society. Our faith doesn't just impact what we do for one hour on Sunday morning. It impacts every area of our life, including the people we select for public office.GALLAGHER: Yes, your final thoughts on this, Shawn?CARNEY: Yes, the weaponization of the DOJ and the FBI, we've seen it firsthand, we've lived it as the largest pro-life organization in the world. People want to vote that out. I think these absurd comments you just read, they help Trump, they're good in the long run, and people realize what's going on is they've made abortion their new sacrament.GALLAGHER: Yes. Shawn Carney, Dr. Robert Jeffress, gentlemen, thank you.CARNEY: Thank you.JEFFRESS: Thank you.GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There it goes. There it goes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: That's part of a community building in Maine is no longer standing after a storm literally brought down the house. Cellphone video shows the dining room section of this waterfront cookhouse on Malden Island completely detaching and as you see, sinking.And take a look at this porcupine crossing a busy ski slope at a Utah resort. Come on, 300 bucks for a lift ticket and you can't clear the porcupines out? Who knew? Wait, there's more.An electric double-decker bus in London went up in flames during rush hour. The BBC says the bus was evacuated and nobody was hurt.And an Andean bear at the Phoenix Zoo celebrated its fourth birthday King Kong-style with a rampage through cardboard boxes made to look like a city skyline. The zoo says these are solitary bears from South America and are considered vulnerable in the wild.Speaking of wild, how about showing a traffic accident in the background of a dancing crossing guard. Let's hope the driver wasn't distracted by the dancing.And if you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.OK, coming up, here it is. Show the mouse. The mouse in the house, actually the mouse in the shed. And he cleaned up the shed. I mean, he cleaned up the shed and did this every night. If it's your shed, does the mouse get to hang out or get out? Still time to weigh in, Instagram and X, @TraceGallagher. The "NIGHTCAP" crew is next.First, a live EarthCam look at the famous Abbey Road in London. Can't you just see John, Paul, George, and Ringo walking across that crosswalk? We're coming right back with the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: OK, I can say your comments were funny. I can say that. The public, we are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Jeff Paul, Marianne Rafferty, Robert Jeffress, Larry Elder, Sonja Shaw, and Julie Hamill, lots of people. Tonight's topic, the rat race, mouse race. A retired postman was bewildered when he would wake up every morning to clean, to a clean shed with certain items moved around. But then, he caught the little culprit on camera. You can see here, this mouse, has been spending its nights cleaning up the man's workbench. Would you let the mouse keep on living in your shed or set up a trap to get rid of it? Come on, here's our moral conscience on the panel as always, Kevin Corke. Kevin, what would you do on this mice's, or mouse's, meese's --CORKE: Mouse must go. No mouse in the house, baby.GALLAGHER: No mouse in the house. OK, now here we go from there. Oh, Pastor Jeffress, what would you do for this mouse?JEFFRESS: Look, I believe in the sanctity of life except for rodents. The mouse has got to go. Off with its head, I say.GALLAGHER: Jeff Paul?PAUL: Of course, you've got to let it live. They've got to live somewhere. It's providing a service. Come on, all these living things have got to live somewhere. We can't destroy them all.GALLAGHER: The most famous pastor in Texas just said, off with its head, and we got Jeff Paul saying, let's keep it. Julie Hamill. Julie Hamill by the last time she was on here, she eradicated some animal. I want to hear what she has to say tonight.HAMILL: It was the murder of birds last time. I was going to shoot the birds. This time I'm burning down the shed at least trapping the mouse.GALLAGHER: Oh, my goodness gracious. Marianne Rafferty.RAFFERTY: I say he's doing his chores, you know, just let him hang out if he's not bothering anyone. And I hate --PAUL: Thank you, Marianne.GALLAGHER: OK, Larry Elder?ELDER: Trace, what kind of slob do you have to be when a mouse comes in and says, what a dump? Forget about the cheese, I'm going to clean this place up.GALLAGHER: Yes.ELDER: What does that say about your housekeeping?GALLAGHER: Sonja Shaw.SHAW: Oh, come on. Ratatouille. I'm about to invite him in and let him cook for me.GALLAGHER: I think the trap should go inside the box that he likes putting the scraps in. That way you can carry the mouse out when the deed is done. OK, so look at this. You all didn't really agree with the rest of the social media thing. Would you try to get the mouse out of the house? Yes, 21 percent. Instagram, yes, 32 percent. Everybody else says, nope, he gets to stay.Sharon G., "Good help is hard to find and he's earning his keep. Plus, if it's good enough for Cinderella, it's good enough for me.Cathy Choate says, "I would be afraid the little guy would invite friends to help, so I'd sadly have to get rid of him."Wendell Smith, "Trap him and sell him to the highest bidder. I already have my wife reorganizing everything and driving me crazy."Judy Wiener says, "If it's neater than my kids, then the mouse gets to stay." I'm telling you, when you look at that thing, and we sped it up, by the way, it did this for hours.Daz finally says, "I learned about trying to get rid of a mouse that's smart from the movie Mouse Hunt. You'll never win." Nope, you will never win. Mouse Hunt, the mouse always wins.Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP." Is it "NIGHTCAP"? Yes. Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. Have a great weekend. We'll see you back here on Monday, caucus night.