DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS HOST: 15 years old, broke out of his yard one snowy night to the horror of his owner Jenny, she posted a message on Facebook, they said, hey, don't worry, we found him at the bar. He's at the local bar and he was all set. His name is Bear and he is fine.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: Did he know how to go there because she took him there at the time?PERINO: I don't know. That's a good point.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: You can always find a Bear at the bar. Right, Bret?BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Yes, you can. Holy shih tzu. Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Nice to see you.BAIER: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, we're following two major stories from the world of big tech and social media. The CEOs of several firms received an incredibly harsh reception from Congressional lawmakers both sides of the aisle during an explosive hearing today, but first, China's very bad intentions for the U.S. via hacking. The head of the FBI sounding a serious alarm tonight. Correspondent David Spunt has details. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. FBI Director Christopher Wray chooses his words carefully. And his words today sobering.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FBI: China's hackers are positioning on American infrastructure in preparation to wreak havoc and cause real world harm to American citizens and communities.SPUNT (voice over): Wray warned lawmakers during a hearing on cybersecurity and China's aggression. He says Chinese hackers outnumber U.S. cyber personnel at least 50 to one. U.S. intelligence agencies identified hundreds of routers that had been taken over by a China back hacking program called volt typhoon. The program injected malware into U.S. sectors like energy, communications and water treatment. China's intent:WRAY: To destroy or degrade the civilian critical infrastructure that keeps us safe and prosperous.SPUNT (voice over): Federal agencies were able to disrupt voltage typhoons access. Director Wray says making a dent in China's hacking network won't be easy at all.Now, Jen Easterly, director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, known as CISA, gave the example of the Colonial Pipeline ransomware attack in 2021. Remember those long gas lines, she insists that China is equipped to deploy a far more massive attack on U.S. civilians while inducing societal panic.JEN EASTERLY, DIRECTOR, CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY: Imagine not one pipeline but many pipelines disrupted. Telecommunications going down so people can't use their cell phone. People start getting sick from polluted water. Trains get derailed, air traffic control system, port control systems are malfunctioning. This is truly and everything everywhere all at once scenario.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (on camera): And the panel, Bret, warned about potential election interference ahead of this year's presidential election, though they insist Americans should feel competent because hard work is being done behind the scenes to keep hackers away but some serious testimony today, Bret.BAIER: David, thank you. Some of the top executives in big tech were grilled today by Senators over what they feel as a failure to protect children online. Here's Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Mark, do you take any blame for these kids who are dead?HASNIE (voice over): Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg racing out of a fiery hearing on Capitol Hill today, as he and the leaders of TikTok, X, Snap and Discord tried in vain to convince the powerful Senate Judiciary Committee that they've made advances to protect children from predators, drugs, bullying and harmful content that could lead to suicide.LINDA YACCARINO, CEO, TWITTER: We've restructured our trust and safety teams to remain strong and agile.HASNIE (voice over): But Senators from both parties weren't buying it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your platforms really suck at policing themselves.SEN. MARSHA BLACKBURN (R-TN): Children are not your priority. Children are your product.HASNIE (voice over): Then in a stunning moment, Senator Josh Hawley called on Zuckerberg to apologize to the dozens of grieving parents in the room holding pictures of their dead children.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): You're on national television, would you like now to apologize to the victims?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm sorry for everything you have been through.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I felt like that was halfhearted.HASNIE (voice over): Lawmakers are now ready to give families the right to sue social media sites for damages.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Open up the courthouse door. Until you do that, nothing will change.HASNIE (voice over): And they put each executive on the record asking if they'll support any of the dozens of bipartisan bills ready to rein in big tech.SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): Is there any one of you willing to say now that you support this bill?Mr. Chairman, let the record reflect a yawning silence from the leaders of the social media platforms.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): OK, so Bret, you might be wondering, is Congress actually going to do something finally about social media? Well, we have not yet heard from Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer who controls of course the Senate floor, he hasn't reacted to this hearing just yet.But the people at the hearing, the parents, the lawmakers, they don't want to lose this momentum. So, tomorrow, you're going to see some of these parents going door-to-door on the Capitol grounds trying to lobby these lawmakers to pass legislation and Senator Graham tells us that he is going to try to force a vote on five separate social media bills, and he's going to call up House Speaker Mike Johnson and ask him to hold a similar big tech, social media hearing to try to drum up some support in that chamber, Bret.BAIER: Interesting day. Aishah Hasnie live on the Hill. Aishah, thanks.The Democratic mayor of Eagle Pass, Texas says the town is being overrun by illegal immigrants. The mayor and the Democratic council member both say a visit by President Biden is long overdue. Correspondent Matt Finn is in Eagle Pass again tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Democrats and Eagle Pass, Texas have a message to deliver to President Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't want people here coming illegally.FINN (voice over): And they prefer to deliver that message in person.FINN: Who do you wish to see, the president?MONICA CRUZ, EAGLE PASS, TEXAS COUNCILWOMAN: Yes.FINN: So, you're asking the president to come down?CRUZ: Of course.FINN (voice over): Eagle Pass Democratic Councilwoman Monica Cruz joins a list of local leaders from around the U.S. who say Biden's border policies have pushed their cities to the brink.CRUZ: I mean, come on, six to 8 million people crossing in the last three years. It's just getting out of hand. We're having our checkpoints closed. I don't know. I mean, for God's sake, I don't know how many people already passed.FINN (voice over): The Democratic mayor of Eagle Pass previously told Fox News he feels abandoned by the Biden administration and says he's now growing even more frustrated that there's not a secure border policy.ROLANDO SALINAS, MAYOR, EAGLE PASS, TEXAS: I'm all for legal migration. I don't support people coming in and crossing the river and staying here in the United States. I think those people should be sent back immediately. Because it's not fair for the people that do it the right way.FINN (voice over): The mayor tells Fox, since Texas secured Shelby Park, there has been a notable decline in illegal crossings.SALINAS: The numbers have been low. People have been crossing in the 150 to 200 range, which is a huge difference in 2000 to 3000 daily, so it's been better.FINN (voice over): The mayor says he's OK with the state of Texas seizing Shelby Park for now. But the city does want its property back soon.(END VIDEOTAPE)FINN: And that Congresswoman says the president wouldn't even have to visit Eagle Pass if he would just fix the border and the mayor adds he's pleased with the Texas National Guard being here in this city park but he says the back and forth between the state and federal governments is a "constant struggle", Bret.BAIER: Matt Finn along the border. Matt, thanks.A group of migrants pummeled New York police officers attempting to make an arrest outside of shelter in Times Square. The officers had been trying to break up the disorderly crowd outside the Candler building, but the city announced the opening of a mega shelter in March. The suspects were released without bail.Meantime, Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson says he is again delaying enforcement of the city's 60 day limit on shelter stays. The move comes as tens of thousands of illegal immigrants flood the city of Chicago and the surrounding communities despite backlash from angry Southside residents.And a new migrant center is scheduled to open in Boston. The state owned recreation facilities in the city's predominantly black Roxbury neighborhood, a massive surge of migrants in that area has left some unable to find housing, and instead camping out at Boston's Logan Airport.Iran is virtually daring President Biden to keep his promise of retaliation for the drone strike that killed three American soldiers this week. White House Correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has details tonight live from North law. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. We did not see President Biden today. The only event on his public schedule was lunch with the vice president but behind closed doors, officials are waiting for the right time to hit back over the deaths of those three American soldiers.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voice over): The U.S. response to the drone strike that killed three American soldiers in Jordan hasn't happened yet. But the White House says expect it in waves.JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: The first thing you see won't be the last.HEINRICH (voice over): Depending on attributing the deadly attack to the Islamic resistance in Iraq, an umbrella organization of Iran backed militias, as congressional Republicans continue to pressure Biden to strike high value Iranian targets inside Iran.SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): We're in a bar fight. President Biden needs to stop quoting Socrates and reading Beowulf to the Ayatollah, these are hard man.HEINRICH (voice over): Iran's military chief says, bring it on.GEN. HOSSEIN SALAMI, IRAN REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS (through translator): You know that we do not leave any threats unanswered. While we are not looking for war, we are not afraid of war. And we do not run away from it.HEINRICH (voice over): The White House has been reticent to take any action that might be viewed as escalatory, as Biden insists he can do whatever is coming without congressional approval, a 180 from what Biden told Trump after he ordered the killing of a top Iranian commander Qasem Soleimani in Iraq in 2020.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Donald Trump does not have -- let me make it clear, does not have the authority to go to war with Iran without congressional authorization.HEINRICH (voice over): Biden similarly threatened President Bush with impeachment in 2007 if he took action against Iran tantamount to starting a war without congressional approval, but House Republicans say Iran is responsible and Biden should respond accordingly.REP. DAN CRENSHAW (R-TX): That drone was not made by militias. There's no - - there's no drone factory that militias run. Iran gave it to them for the purpose of using against their enemies, which is us.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): Meantime, U.S. forces continued to come under fire from the Iran backed Houthis near Yemen. A U.S. defense official told Fox today that a cruise missile fired by the Houthis came within one mile of the USS Gravely before it was shot down.And also, the USS Carney shot down multiple drones and anti-ship missiles in the Gulf of Aden today, Bret.BAIER: Thank you. Live from the White House, Jacqui Heinrich.The Federal Reserve will not make a change in its key interest rate at this time. Board members announcing today the rate which is about 5.4 percent, a 22-year high remains where it is. The Fed is signaling however that a rate reduction may still be months away.Stocks on all that news were off today. The Dow lost 317, the S&P 500 fell 79, the NASDAQ tumbled 346. We'll talk about this and other topics with former Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin live on set in just a few minutes.Up next, Brit Hume on President Biden's decision to finally visit the site of that toxic train derailment a year ago.First though, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 17 in Nashville as two people indicted on first degree murder charges in connection to the death of a 23-month-old child entered not guilty pleas. Ariel Rose died of fentanyl toxicity in November of 2022. Police say the adults were caring for the toddler in a transitional housing side when she was found unresponsive.Fox 29 in Philadelphia as police investigate the discovery of a beheaded man in Bucks County. They say his son has been arrested and charged. The victim's head was found in a plastic bag near a machete and a large kitchen knife.And this is a live look at Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. One of the big stories there tonight from WFXT, our affiliate. The PGA Tour gets a $3 billion investment from strategic sports group in a deal that would give players access to more than a $1.5 billion as equity owners in the new PGA Tour enterprises.The move comes eight months after the tour signed a framework agreement with the Saudi backers of LIV Golf for a commercial venture and ultimately led to private equity groups wanting to join in.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I spoke with every official in Ohio, Democrat and Republican, on a continuous basis.And I will be out there some point.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: And we have travel to share, we certainly we'll do that. He is going to go. So, he will go.BIDEN: Well, I haven't had the occasion to go to East Palestine, has a lot going on.JEAN-PIERRE: The president will visit when it's most helpful to the community.We got an invitation from the mayor and community leaders to come, and very, very recently. And so, we are working with them to figure out the best time to do that in February.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The leader of our country did not show up to the greatest catastrophe of 2023. And now, he is going to show up because it is an election year.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, President Biden is finally going to the site of that huge chemical spill, resulting from a massive train derailment. The planned trip to East Palestine comes a year after the accident.Let's bring in Fox News chief political analyst Brit Hume.Brit, good evening. What do you make of this, this sudden turnabout?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, its political debt long past due, Bret. You know, not going out there, I think, infuriated the people in East Palestine. And I think also, Bret that, you know, when that -- when that guy who had on the air who said, you know, it's a political year, he is -- I think, he is right about that.And it's not just for the president, there are democratic seated -- sitting Democratic senators on each side of that border where that town is located between Ohio and Pennsylvania, who are up for re-election this year.And anything the president could do to ease the feelings of the voters who witnessed all that and we're close to it and in those two states, obviously helps him politically and I think he hopes helps him politically.BAIER: You know, about four weeks ago, that East Palestinian mayor released a statement about this, possibly happen. "The president is always welcome to our town," he said. "That being said, I don't know what he would do here now. We are going on a year and nothing from the White House. The best time for him to come would be February of 2025 when he is on his book tour."Kelly Saberi, Fox Business caught up with him after the news today. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRENT CONAWAY, MAYOR OF EAST PALESTINE, OHIO: I wrote a letter to him about a month ago saying that you know I think he needed to come. And I was gracious in the letter. I think he needs to see what's going on here.KELLY SABERI, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Do you still stand by that comment about the book tour?CONAWAY: 100 percent, stand by the comment about the book tour. I think that's the best time for him, personally is, you know, is Joe Biden -- that's the best time for Joe Biden to come.I think the best time for him to come would have been whenever he -- you know, whenever this happened.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The mayor making his feelings clear. You know, politically, Brit, this county, Ohio, where East Palestine is -- 2016, Trump won 68 to 26.7. 2020, he won 71.5 percent to 26.7.HUME: Well, you know, be alive, Bret, I think to the possibility that when the president comes, he might have bring something with him in the form of an action on his part, or some money or whatever, to try to help the community out there.So, he doesn't have to show up empty handed and say, geez, I'm sorry, it took me so long.BAIER: Right.HUME: That's not the message they want to hit.BAIER: 30,000 feet here, quickly, Brit. As you look at the Real Clear Politics Average of the race right now, if it were the former president against President Biden. He's up, you know, a couple, three points. Where do you see it shaping up as you get to the end of this primary season?HUME: Well, the thing we haven't seen so far, strange to see this, Bret, but former President Trump has been relatively out of the limelight compared to the way it was for a long time, of course, when he was president and even beyond, you know, his legal cases have hit the news. But his campaigning hasn't all that much. And he was yes, he campaigned in Iowa and New Hampshire, and all and he's, you know, and he gets on the air with his statements there.But, we'll -- we got to wait to see what happens when the democratic attack machine, if you can call it that, gets after him. Because we remember, Bret, what we learned in 2020, and arguably, in the congressional elections proceeding that one, and after that one in 2022, is it nothing motivates Democrats more than the thought of President Trump. And what he says and does and candidates he supports.So, he is been a democratic turnout machine. And I don't think that's yet reflected in the polls. And we'll just see what happens when we see day in and day out, you know, ads about, you know, January 6, and so on down the line, things that he said. He is kind of a target rich environment, and they're going to be taken aim, and we're going to see a lot of it. It'll be interesting to see how the polls respond to that.BAIER: It will be a long number of months. Bret, as always, thank you.Up next, former Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin talks about today's interest rate decision, Iran, and other topics, coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: And almost everything the president has done since the seventh of October has been designed to prevent that escalation. Of course, I'm mindful of the attacks by the Houthis, we're mindful of the lethal attacks in Jordan. Which is why he is taking the actions that he is taking. And it's why he is about to take the actions we're going to take.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Talking there about Iran. The response to the retaliation to the strike that killed three U.S. soldiers, as well as the 165-plus attacks on forces in the region. Joining us tonight, former Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.Good evening. Thanks for being here.STEVEN MNUCHIN, FORMER UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY: Good to be with you.BAIER: You know, as you watch this situation with Iran unfold, you had a unique seat dealing with Iran. What are -- what are your thoughts?MNUCHIN: Bret, it's obviously very concerning.I mean, to start with, to have our service people be injured and killed, our hearts go out to them. We need to protect them. And that is both on a military basis and on economic basis.We were very effective in enforcing the sanctions against Iran and cutting off the money to them was a major impact.BAIER: So, and we looked up the Trump administration sanctions. May of 2018, the president withdraws from the nuclear deal, U.S. sanctions are reimplemented. But then, there were hundreds of new sanctions added during the administration.MNUCHIN: And there were hundreds added, the sanctions are still in place, President Trump and I were very clear with all of our counterparties that we were going to enforce those sanctions. And particularly, with China, we were very clear that China could not buy oil from Iran without us taking action.BAIER: So, the Biden administration, in April of 21, the State Department said that was prepared to lift all of the Trump imposed sanctions. Didn't happen because the nuclear negotiations stalled. June of 21, some penalties on Iranian officials and entities were lifted. And since 2021, designated sanctions for hundreds of entities.How do you think they're handling it and why?MNUCHIN: Well, I would start with obviously, I don't agree with the fact that they lifted many of the sanctions we put in place. But the sanctions are in place.BAIER: But the question is whether they are being enforced.MNUCHIN: They are not being enforced. They are selling massive amounts of oil. They are getting hundreds and hundreds of millions of billions of dollars of revenue. And this is absolutely funding terrorist activities.BAIER: All right, let's look at the U.S. economy. Here's the Federal Reserve Chair today, Jerome Powell.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEROME POWELL, CHAIR, FEDERAL RESERVE: Inflation is still, you know, core inflation is still well above target on a 12-month basis. Twelve months is our target. Certainly, I'm encouraged and we are encouraged by the progress. But, you know, we are not -- we're not declaring victory at all at this point. We think we have a ways to go.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: There are people saying that this could be the soft landing they were looking for, that the economy is still chugging along in kind of a good place. But people aren't feeling it, obviously. How do you see the U.S. economy?MNUCHIN: Well, I definitely see the economy having significant issues. We've had very high inflation. The Fed was late to raising interest rates, and that was a result of their view of inflation was going to come down. When it didn't, they've raised interest rates to very high levels. The good news is that is slowing inflation. But as Chair Powell said today, they now want to be careful that they don't lower interest rates until they are clear they have inflation under control. So inflation is still around three percent. They want to get it to two percent. And I think we're going to see a significant slowdown of the U.S. economy over the next six months.BAIER: But you would concede that it's still the best place to put money around of the world?MNUCHIN: Oh, it's absolutely. The U.S. dollar is the safest place to put money. I think you are going to see the markets -- I expect to see a correction. But in terms of the U.S. dollar, it's still the safe haven for the world.BAIER: Under the Trump administration, there were a lot of people saying that the economy was chugging, really felt good about the economy. But critics point to the spending, and this is from the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was $1.9 trillion, the bipartisan Budget Act, $1.7 trillion, the Cares Act, $1.9 trillion. So all in all, more than $8 trillion added to the national debt. It came up in the primary from Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis, and they point to that number, the $8 trillion outside of the COVID spending. How do you respond to that?MNUCHIN: Let's break that down, Bret. So to start with, the $1.9 trillion on the tax act, that was a static score, assuming that the economy didn't move. The economy was cooking terrific. It was a result of the tax cuts, regulatory and trade deals that President Trump had enacted. And we had one of the best economies that there was. So, we were on track to not only, for the tax act to pay for itself but for it to begin to pay down debt. And we had a debt to GDP ratio that was going in the right direction.COVID came along, and, obviously, it was a very unique situation. We did three deals in COVID. There's no question that had we not done the first two deals, I believe we would have had a worldwide depression, not recession. So we had to spend a lot of money, and President Trump was determined we would spend whatever we needed to save the U.S. economy that we did. After we left there has been continued trillion dollars of spending. And that's really what fueled inflation and what's created very high prices.BAIER: So would you say if there is a second Trump administration that dealing with that debt, and deficit and debt, is going to be somewhat of a priority?MNUCHIN: I believe so. We have to get the debt-to-GDP ratio back under control. And that's a combination of growing the economy and looking at certain spending issues.BAIER: Speaking of the former president, are you endorsing him?MNUCHIN: I am endorsing him. I believe this election is now about President Trump versus President Biden, and I support and endorse President Trump because I believe in his policies. And I'm proud of both the national security and the economic policies that we put in place.BAIER: There are some people that look at the policies and say I'm with you on that. And they look at the Iowa speech and they say this really felt good. They look at the New Hampshire victory speech, and they say this is going to be a problem for independents and suburban women. What do you say to those people?MNUCHIN: I say to those people it's going to be a long time between now and the election. I thought the Iowa speech was terrific. I spoke to President Trump right after that speech and congratulated him and told him how great I thought that speech is. I think he will bring the country back together. That's what needs to be done. We're too divided at this point. And we need national security, and we need a good economy.BAIER: You know that there are tons of Democrats and independents who get really rallied about the thought of preventing former President Trump from getting back into the White House. The cases, the January 6th fallout, everything. But you think he can bring the country together?MNUCHIN: I do. I really believe that.BAIER: Last thing. You were one of the few cabinet officers who have come out who have worked with President Trump and said you are endorsing him. There are some who haven't said. There's a list of former Trump officials who said that he shouldn't be president -- Vice President Pence, Bill Barr, Mark Esper, James Mattis, Rex Tillerson, Dan Coats, John Kelly, Mick Mulvaney. You are saying that because of his policies, because of his vision as he is saying it now on the trail, that that's where the country should go?MNUCHIN: That is. I believe the two most important issues, or three most important issues -- obviously, immigration is a huge issue. But I am particularly focused on future national security and the economy. And I'm very proud of the work we did under the Trump administration that the situation in the Mideast was very different than it was today. And look, the situation in Iran is very, very concerning. The fact that they are attacking our troops is completely unacceptable. And we need to stop them. We also need to make sure that they never get a nuclear weapon.BAIER: Mr. Secretary, we appreciate your time. Thank you.MNUCHIN: Thank you.BAIER: Up next, we're go to the touch screen, update the race for the delegates among Republican presidential candidates as this race moves on. Plus, we look at former President Trump's outreach to a traditionally Democrat-supported constituency.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT.As we get into February, if Nikki Haley is going to be successful and win the Republican presidential nomination, her longshot path weaves through states with primaries where Republicans are not the only ones voting.Let's start out here in the South Carolina primary. Former governor there, Haley, relying on independent and Democratic voters to capture all 50 of the delegates there. It is a winner take all contest. If you go back, you can look at the next contest, and that is the 27th in Michigan. That's the same thing. The primary is not limited to registered Republicans -- 16 delegates at stake there. This is not a winner take all state, proportional.OK, the next big test is actually in March. And that is the biggest test of all. A Hail Mary strategy arrives March 5th. Eleven of the 15 Super Tuesday have open or semi-open primaries. That's roughly two-thirds of the 847 delegates available. Haley will be hoping for a big breakthrough night to stay competitive and eventually reach the 1,215 delegate nomination threshold.Meanwhile, fresh off wins in Iowa and New Hampshire, former President Trump is targeting blue collar workers in critical swing states. Remember, in 2020 then candidate Biden narrowly beat then President Trump in Wisconsin by less than one percentage point. The latest Real Clear Politics average of polls has the pair in a dead heat there in Wisconsin. If you look at Michigan, Mr. Biden defeated President Trump by nearly three points in 2020. Remember, it was then Vice President Biden. Now, the RCP average has President Trump with a five-point lead.Tonight, the Republican frontrunner is going after the traditionally Democratic voting block that then candidate Biden won by 14 points in our 2020 FOX News voter analysis from election night. He has met with a roundtable of teamsters' union members, President Trump has. And that group endorsed then candidate Biden in 2020. Correspondent Mark Meredith tells us why they may be in play this year.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Speaking from the lobby of the teamsters' union, former President Trump says he believes big labor could soon be one of his big backers.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We have a good shot, I think. They like what I do. They never had better -- a better four years.MEREDITH: The teamsters, which endorsed President Biden in 2020 and Hillary Clinton in 2016, says it will announce its decision this summer. The last time teamsters backed a Republican, 1988, and George H.W. Bush's campaign. But minutes after meeting with Trump, union leaders vowed to keep their options open for now.SEAN O'BRIEN, TEAMSTERS PRESIDENT: There is no doubt about there is union support for President Trump, and there's always union support for President Biden.MEREDITH: A Biden campaign spokesperson tells FOX President Biden looks forward to meeting with teamsters and earning their support. Scheduling is TBA.The fight for union support grows more bitter by the day. United Auto Workers endorsed Biden last week. Trump then called its leader a dope, but the union's president says its decision stands.SHAWN FAIN, UNITED AUTO WORKERS PRESIDENT: Joe Biden has a history of serving others and serving the working class and fighting for the working class, standing with the working class.MEREDITH: Trump is eager to keep the economy a top issue this election. But other factors, from the multiple criminal charges against him to questions about his health still remain. The 77-year-old recently sparked intrigue for having unusual red marks on his hands. But today --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What was wrong with it?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The other one? Do you want to tell us what happened with it?TRUMP: Nothing. Maybe it's A.I.(END VIDEO TAPE)MEREDITH: The teamsters say they are willing to meet with the only other Republican still challenging Trump for the nomination, as you mentioned Bret, former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley. They've invited Haley to meet with them at their headquarters. But the teamsters say they have not heard back from her campaign. I tried to get an answer from them, too, but no luck. Bret?BAIER: OK, Mark, thank you.A federal judge has dismissed Walt Disney's lawsuit against Florida Governor Ron DeSantis and members of the state board. They were accused of retaliating against the company after the company criticized state limits on classroom discussion of sexuality. Governor DeSantis and other defendants successfully argued Disney could not sue them over constitutionally enacted state laws.Another member of the so-called Squad of progressive Democrats in Congress is under fire tonight. Minnesota Representative Ilhan Omar has been criticized for her remarks which seem to put her native Somalia ahead of the U.S. and her priorities. This comes one day after word that fellow Squad member Cori Bush is being investigated for alleged misuse of campaign funds, federally investigated. Chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel has details tonight. Good evening, Mike.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you.Members of the so-called Squad are outraged after Governor Ron DeSantis called for one of their own to be kicked out of the country. Quote, "Expel from Congress, denaturalize, and deport." Then late today there was more fallout on Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)REP. BOB GOOD, (R-VA): It's very concerning that it seems a member of Congress's primary allegiance is to another country.EMANUEL: That reaction after Minnesota Congresswoman Ilhan Omar spoke to a Somalian group. There was a translation which suggested Omar said she is Somalian first, Muslim second. Omar is blaming a bad translation, writing "It's not only slanted but completely off. But I wouldn't expect more from these propagandists. I pray for them and for their sanity." Now, fellow progressives are defending Omar and attacking DeSantis.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ, (D-NY): I haven't seen the comments, but it's clearly, it's clearly racist.REP. JAMAAL BOWMAN, (D-NY): This is connected to the fact that she identifies with her Somalian roots and her Muslim religion, and just didn't mention America at that time, so now people say she is not a patriot. Come on, now. Come on, you all. Can we do better than this?(END VIDEO TAPE)EMANUEL (on camera): This comes as another Squad member, Missouri Democratic Congresswoman Cori Bush, is being investigated by the Justice Department for alleged misuse of campaign funds. Federal Election Commission filings reveal Bush has made 170 payments for security services since she was elected in 2020 for nearly $724,000, at least $105,000 to her husband. Bush says she used campaign funds and not taxpayer money, Bret.BAIER: We will follow it all. Mike, thanks.EMANUEL: Thank you.BAIER: Up next, the panel on the U.S. and Iran, plus, big tech CEOs on Capitol Hill. We'll have that and more with the panel coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: We will respond in a time and in a manner of our choosing on our schedule. And just because you haven't seen anything in the last 48 hours, that doesn't mean that you're not going to see anything.MAJOR GENERAL HOSSEIN SALAMI, ISLAMIC REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS: The common chapter between you and us is that we know each other. You know that we do not leave any threats unanswered. While we are not looking for war, we are not afraid of war, and we do not run away from it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, Iran responding to what is expected to be a retaliation to that drone attack that killed three American soldiers. "The New York Post," their front cover today, "Man with no plan. Biden's border lie, "I have done all I can do," his response to death of soldiers "I don't want wider war."The former president weighing in on Iran today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: It wouldn't have happened if I were in the White House. You would have never had this attack. When I was president, Iran had no money. They had no money to do this. They had money to live, but they didn't have money to do this. Iran now has $200 billion, and they are spreading their money all over the place. And things are happening that would have never happened with me.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: We'll start there. Let's bring in our panel, Ben Domenech, editor at large for "The Spectator," host of "The Ben Domenech Podcast" on FOX News Radio, Josh Kraushaar is a FOX News Radio political analyst, and Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist."Ben, what do you make of where we are now as we await whatever is going to happen in retaliation?BEN DOMENECH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I understand that the White House has a plan to have a plan, and that they have determined that they are going to determine something, and that that will be done at an hour of their choosing. It's incredibly slow moving. I feel like this was something that could have been anticipated as something that was a real risk that was -- that should have been much higher decision-making beforehand so that they could move quickly in response to it. Instead, as with so many things that come out of this administration, it comes across as dithering, and in this case, it comes across as dithering in reaction to the deaths of Americans, which is a particular indictment of the weak approach that this president has had around the world.BAIER: Sometimes, Mollie, the former president says a lot of things wouldn't have happened if he was president. You can't nail that down, but you can assume that some things would have been different because of the financial situation primarily, the boot on the neck of Iran for years and years.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, EDITOR IN CHIEF, "THE FEDERALIST": Yes, I think this was laid out actually really well by the former treasury secretary when he was just talking to you. The Biden administration came in and very loudly proclaimed that they were going to pivot 180 degrees away from the Trump administration's approach with Iran, which was constraining them by getting out of the deal that had been set there.BAIER: The nuclear deal.HEMINGWAY: The economic sanctions were very serious and they were very -- they were very well layered and developed. And Biden comes in and he removes all of those or doesn't enforce them, enabling a lot of money to come into Iran. He intentionally pivoted toward Iran and away from Saudi Arabia. So the plan he needs to do now is just to admit that it was a failure and go 180 degrees back to where we were when we were constraining Iran, where we were doing it through, mostly through economic means. And he should do it as quickly as possible before worse things happen.BAIER: The foreign policy stuff is a vulnerability. If you look at the polls, Josh, Harvard-Harris poll, Biden Iran policy unsuccessful, 65 percent, successful, 35 percent. "The Washington Post," "Biden faces treacherous political choices in answering deadly attack. Biden's advisers are sharply aware that the president's actions in the Middle East have ramifications in the world of domestic politics. The president's backing of Israel is weakening his support among younger voters and people of color, poll suggest. Former President Trump who leads the race to become Biden's Republican opponent has blamed Biden's weakness for the drone attack, as we just heard."JOSH KRAUSHAAR, FOX NEWS RADIO POLITICAL ANALYST: Yes, President Biden is taking political heat on both of his sides of his coalition. You have the far left that is upset that he is supporting Israel, that he is allowing them the time and giving them the money to take out Hamas in Gaza. But he is also facing a lot of anger from Republicans and even more moderate Democrats because there is a sense of a little bit of fecklessness in our attempts to deter Iran, and the fact that Iran is just, with its proxies throughout the region, just having their way, killing three U.S. military servicemen, having the Houthis totally disrupt shipping around the Red Sea, and really fomenting, they're helping Hamas, and they created the whole disruption in the Middle East by helping out Hamas in the first place before October 7th.So Iran is sort of the central figure in the region. And there is a lot of talk about proportionality, not a lot of talk about deterrence and how to stop Iran.BAIER: Yes, which is what I was trying to get from the Qatari prime minister yesterday, to no avail.Up on Capitol Hill, big tech CEOs. It was a really interesting hearing, and the dynamic got a little bit heated from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM, (R-SC): Mr. Zuckerberg, you and the companies before us, you have blood on your hands.MARK ZUCKERBERG, CEO, META: The existing body of scientific work has not shown a causal link between using social media and young people having worse mental health outcomes.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY, (R-MO): For years you have been coming in public and testifying under oath that there's absolutely no link, while internally you know full well your product is a disaster for teenagers. And yet you keep right on doing what you are doing, right?(APPLAUSE)ZUCKERBERG: That's not true. That's not true.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What did you make of that, Ben, today, and their performance and where this is all going?DOMENECH: I'm glad that you chose that clip, Bret, because that, to me, was the worst moment in the entire hearing for Zuckerberg, because there's reams of evidence showing that mental health outcomes from the products that he and his company have created are very bad, particularly when it comes to teenagers and even more particularly when it comes to teenage girls. And he came to Capitol Hill offering essentially no solutions on that front. I don't know who he is listening to about this, but it sounded very out-of-touch, and I think for parents across the country in particular who are familiar with the ways that this plays out within their homes, it sounded completely divorced from reality.BAIER: There is really an interesting debate here, Mollie, about what to do, how to do it on Capitol Hill. But clearly, the social media companies, big tech is the black hat currently because both sides are really going after them.HEMINGWAY: There's no question that social media is very bad for children and that people need to take this seriously. For me personally, that means that my teenage children don't have access to social media because I see how bad it is.It's important for Congress, though, if they have these big tech leaders to be talking about another thing that effects the entire country, which is the widespread censorship by big tech companies that constrain the debate and discussion of important issues, the election interference that comes from these people. This type of grandstanding is really good for getting people all excited, but there are very serious issues, attacks on the First Amendment, whether working with government and other agencies to constrain speech, and that needs addressing by these people if they want to be taken seriously.BAIER: Ten seconds, Josh. Do you think some bill is come out of all of this.KRAUSHAAR: So there was common ground, common anger, but there's no consensus on what to do about it. And that's what Mollie is talking about. You have all these different proposals, none of them has the likelihood of passing Congress. And we are going to see a lot of anger and a lot of gridlock on this front.BAIER: All right, panel, thank you.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, our "Common Ground" segment features two congressmen, both military veterans, discussing a bipartisan approach to Iran, also raising some questions about the defense secretary.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home again tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.