SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.So we are at the end of a very busy week. No one's happier by the way than President Joe Biden. He now gets to spend more quality time resting and relaxing at his home in Delaware. Now, of course, it has not been a very busy week or month for that matter for Joe Biden. Now, yesterday, he completed just his fifth public event in the last days.According to RNC research, it was a short trip to North Carolina where he attempted to talk about high-speed internet -- well, instead Joe got dazed and confused as usual on stage, randomly starting to ask for someone named Deborah. Deborah wasn't there, but he thought he had just taken a picture with Deborah. Maybe he just simply imagined it. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I also want to mention Congresswoman Deborah Ross. Where's Deborah? This year -- I just had my picture taken with her, that's probably why she left. No, all kidding aside, away -- you -- oh, she couldn't be here actually, that's not true. I got it mixed up. And she has -- you know, she fights very hard for the people this district, and she's up in Washington right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Joe is often mixed up. Anyway, he's not well. Let's just be dead honest here. This man is not well. It's sad for him. It's sad that nobody in his life will intervene. It's also scary for all of us, everybody in the country and frankly, it's a scary scenario for the world.The president of the United States of America clearly does not have the cognitive bandwidth to do any job. I don't think it could be a Walmart greeter for that -- for that matter, much less serve as the leader of the free world. And he's now running for reelection. This is -- this is the definition of insanity.Now, to be fair, Biden didn't just give a speech in North Carolina. He also visited the delicious Greensboro-based chain cookout where he enjoyed some ice cream. It's Joe's big reward for a hard day's work. This is such a ridiculous game that Democrats are now playing.They drop Biden out in front of a small crowd of hand selected guests every few days, they carefully guide him onto the stage, the fewer steps the better, so somebody's on standby to walk them off stage, left or stage right. They load a short script into the teleprompter with the biggest font possible, obviously written by a staffer that Biden probably doesn't even know or remember, and then finally they all cross their fingers and they're hoping and praying and that Joe Biden can make it through the speech without botching it up that badly.We're all supposed to, what, pretend that this is normal? That this is okay? That this is fine? Your president is running on empty. As a result, our country is being run into the ground by woke, entitled, radical socialists who spend their entire lives in and around the Washington swamp and have zero understanding of the real world.You know, this is one of the major reasons why multiple polls show Donald Trump beating Biden in a hypothetical matchup. Now, the latest Messenger/Harris pole has Trump up by 11 with independent voters another major reason for Trump's polling edge appears to involve the many legal cases against him. Americans now rightfully view Donald Trump as being politically persecuted, facing off against an abusively biased system that's corrupted by partisan bureaucrats.For example, Fulton County D.A. Fani Willis now attempting to prosecute Trump for more than a dozen, felonies. RICO charges, racketeering, a charge by the way normally used for organized crime, including drug dealers and gang members and the mafia, in or -- in order to pull that off, this aggressive prosecution, Willis used a massive amount of taxpayer-funding to hire outside attorney, some guy named Nathan Wade.Now, according to allegations from a divorce proceeding, Willis was having an affair with this lawyer and going on trips and tropical vacations with the lawyer who was being paid an obscene amount of money. The pair were even traveling together during their investigation into Trump.Now, of course, this is all you know seemingly financed by $654,000 that Fani Willis alleged boyfriend earned from the taxpayers in Fulton County, Georgia. And to make matters worse, this guy has very limited experience prosecuting criminals outside of his work with traffic citations. So, you got to ask, what's going on here?Well, I think it's obvious to connect the dots but as we speak, Fani Willis, you know, beyond playing the race card is desperately trying to squash the subpoena related to this alleged misconduct, all while refusing to confirm or deny her inappropriate affair allegations with a special prosecutor that she hired and paid the obscene amount of money to, and went on vacation with.Once again, the very same people, the ones that proclaimed no one is above the law, they seem to think they themselves are above the law when in reality, many of these prosecutors are nothing but political hacks, motivated by fame and fortune and an unyielding hatred for all things Trump and, of course, they desire power.Here with reaction, FOX News legal analyst, Gregg Jarrett, FOX News contributor Jason Chaffetz.Jason, let's start with you tonight.You know, when you have a guy that doesn't have a lot of experience in criminal prosecutions and you're paying them, you know, three times what the Fulton County D.A. herself has being paid, and then she becomes the beneficiary of the high dollars that he's making off of her office to go on these elaborate vacations, huh, I don't know, makes me scratch my head and say -- well, maybe there's a conflict here. I don't -- I'm -- maybe I'm just naturally suspicious. I'm a Florida resident now but I did live many years in New York, maybe I'm too cynical.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. Well, that'll happen when you live in New York. Look, why won't she answer the most obvious question, is she having an affair, a sexual relationship with the person that she paid more than $600,000 to using taxpayer money? That's a pretty simple question. She runs to the church and claims that it's just because of their ethnicity that that people are picking on her.But the country and certainly the people in good -- the good state of Georgia deserve to know if that $600,000 is going to her lover. And the allegation of -- did she go to San Francisco, did she go to Napa Valley? Did she go on a cruise at the courtesy of this person who has paid this big contract? Simple question, simple answer, she will not give it.HANNITY: All right. Let's get your take from a legal standpoint. Conflict of interest, Gregg Jarrett? Any legality issues for a Fani Willis that you see?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: All of the above. You know, she still has to answer these accusations against her in the Trump case -- that, you know, she hired her lover, was unqualified, paid him a whopping amount of money. Together, they used that taxpayer money for lavish vacations.I mean, Sean, that kind of collective self-enrichment smacks of honest services fraud, misappropriation of public funds. But, you know, their alleged relationship, which as you point out neither one is denied is a serious violation of ethical rules that govern prosecutors -- a personal interest in the outcome of a case, a conflict of interest borne by an alleged affair and, of course, the appearance of impropriety.And if proven true, it demands her disqualification as the prosecutor she has tainted the case although it may not be enough to get all of the charges against Trump and others dismissed. But, you know, equally troubling, Sean, this guy Nathan Wade her purported paramour traveled twice to D.C. for meetings at the White House eight hours each. It's in the invoices he charged.HANNITY: Yeah, by the way, he charged those -- he charged for those hours and Fani Willis also apparently met with the January 6 Committee. Hmm, was there collusion going on, coordination going on, is that okay?JARRETT: Well, first of all, it puts a lie to Willis's earlier statements that her prosecution of Trump was never discussed or coordinated with his election opponent. But look, all four of these indictments appear to have been planned and coordinated because they were all perfectly timed so that the trials would occur right in the middle of a presidential election.And Americans are pretty smart, they see this. Those indictments have only solidified support for Trump because they say they see him as a victim of political machinations by Democrats. Let's talk about that timing, Jason Chaffetz.A lot of these issues go back to 2020. Why did they -- why did they wait three years? Why did they want the trial in the election year? And do you think that these trials will in fact take place this year or do you believe that there's enough room and enough legal arguments to be made to delay it?CHAFFETZ: I think they can delay them, but the very fact that we continue to talk about this is exactly the playbook that the Democrats wanted. They could have brought these cases years ago, if they thought there was some validity. But are you telling me that all of these cases, 91 counts, all of a sudden certainly it came into fruition and we're going onto the court calendar the right at the beginning of January when we're in the middle of these caucuses and primaries, that's no accident.Sometimes the obvious, it's just common sense. It's not some big conspiracy, it's just obvious.HANNITY: Yeah, what do you think, Gregg, from your standpoint? You know the law as well as anybody, I know do you see arguments that can be made that would be effective to delay all of these trials?JARRETT: Well, in the J6 case brought by the special counsel Jack Smith, he's got a couple of problems. First of all, the Supreme Court is already going to hear one of the main parts of his case against Trump, obstruction of an official proceeding. If the high court tosses that out, that does great damage to Jack Smith's case. Then there is the immunity claim.HANNITY: That's not even Trump's case. That's -- that's somebody that was charged about involvement. So he would be the beneficiary if in fact the court ruled in favor of the plaintiff here.JARRETT: That's right and then there is the pending immunity issue as well. So I think that's going to delay, that Washington, D.C. case in New York, I don't think Alvin Bragg has figured out yet what underlying crime Trump committed. I don't think he really wants try that case. And now, you've got Fani Willis.HANNITY: Yeah. Well, we'll watch them all closely, appreciate both of you. Gregg Jarrett, thank you. Jason Chaffetz, thank you.My next guest, a political outsider burst onto the scene last year with a plan to splash -- and slash rather the federal bureaucracy, drain the swamp. Now he's endorsed Donald Trump for president.Joining us now with more, former 2024 presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy.You know, last time you on the show, you got pretty pissed off at me. You still mad at me or we back being friends again?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We buried that hatchet, Sean, and I think it's a good thing in our movement for us to be able to disagree respectfully and have good debate, and I think that's what we had last time. And so, I think that goes both ways.HANNITY: I actually think -- yeah, I think you thrive on it. Having watched you in this campaign, I think you thrive on it, you live for it, you get energized by it. I think that's your personality. You got out of -- you got out of the race after Iowa. You've now appeared on stage with Donald Trump.And it was get a little heated between both of you also at the end of that that campaign. You don't think that either Nikki Haley or Governor DeSantis should stay in. Why?RAMASWAMY: Look, at this point, I think it was fair to run this all the way through Iowa, but the people spoke loudly and decisively, and I do see an opportunity here, Sean, I know a lot of people might laugh at this idea. But I see an opportunity to reunite the country and that starts with reuniting our Republican Party. So running it through Iowa was fair game. I got about 8 percent support, I think I was about to get something similar in New Hampshire.I think it was better to give Trump a decisive victory and I would ask for everybody who was considering supporting me in New Hampshire, libertarians included, to go in Trump's direction, end this primary, and then let's focus on taking the America first agenda to the next level.And I think we're going to do that best by actually first reuniting our party then reuniting this country and I do think that Donald Trump, you -- I'm clearly -- this is why I endorsed him, but I do think he is the best choice left in this. I think it needs to be an America first president. I think the America first movement reaches beyond the traditional boundaries of the Republican Party.So I'm focused on bringing the next generation along with us for my part, Sean.HANNITY: Listen --(CROSSTALK)RAMASWAMY: -- direction we can bring them.HANNITY: I think certainly after New Hampshire on Tuesday, certainly after South Carolina, I think there's a lot on the line for Nikki Haley in both those states. If Donald Trump, if the polls hold and he wins New Hampshire and he's leading by a significant amount in South Carolina, I'm not sure what her path would be towards the nomination. The earlier the Republicans unite, I think the better.I don't like New Hampshire system with an open primary where Democrats can change their party affiliation up to pretty much the last minute, and then you know wreak havoc in a Republican primary. That's been happening. Thousands of Democrats have re-registered as either independents or as Republicans, just so they can vote in the Republican primary. That concerns me a little bit. Your thoughts on that?RAMASWAMY: Well, one thing is I think we should stand against all forms of election interference in the GOP primary, Sean. So whether that's Maine or Colorado, one of the things that I said was that I would voluntarily have removed myself from the ballots in Maine and Colorado if they forcibly removed Trump.I think the right answer for both Haley and DeSantis would have been to say the same thing. Anytime there's outside election interference from the other side in a GOP primary, I think we should be united in standing against it. And the fact that we're not I think represents a bit of a problem.And so, for a lot of reasons, I think after New Hampshire, I would say even before New Hampshire, the right step is for Haley and DeSantis to drop out. Let's unite behind Donald Trump and then make this not just a Republican Party's movement, make an America first movement that is bigger than one man, and bigger than one party, bringing the next generation along with us.And the earlier that starts this year, the better that is going to be for our movement and our country and that's where I stand.HANNITY: The agenda is simple. You control the borders. We become energy dominant, not just independent, but dominant. We sell these resources, then we can cut taxes, then we can start paying down the $40 trillion in debt.And in terms of foreign policy, I agree with a lot of your points. I don't want Americans involved in endless wars. I feel Joe Biden has just botched the whole Ukraine effort by putting handcuffs from the beginning on Zelenskyy. I do want to see Israel win their war against terror because the Islamic radical terrorists that attacked them on October 7th want to attack us. I think the world has to at some point deal with Iran, and that's where I wanted to specifically ask you.What do you do with the number one state sponsor of terror? They wouldn't be Houthi rebels armed as well as they are without the Iranians, the same with Hamas, the same with Hezbollah, the same with a lot of these groups. A lot of this goes right to the mullahs in Iran. Should the world unite and make sure that they never get nuclear weapons and should they take out their refineries which is their ability to make money to ferment terror?RAMASWAMY: So I'll say three things there, Sean. First on the point on Israel. Israel is now proving it is able to get its job done. The number one thing we need to do is provide the diplomatic support that allows them to get their job done without having to actually be half in, half out, which I think is worse for Israel and worse for the United States.And you have Biden now second guessing their decisions, they don't need a backseat quarterback or an armchair quarterback. That's not what they need.And so as we now move to the Houthis, what I would say is my rule of thumb when it comes to foreign policy is if you hit us, whichever group it is that hits us, we hit you back 10 times harder. That has to be the rule.It's what I would tell my son if he's being bullied in school. It's the same principle in human nature as in foreign policy. If somebody hits you, hit that group back times harder.Is it in the world's interest and the U.S.'s interest to make sure Iran never becomes nuclear equipped? Absolutely, and I think whether it's Saudi Arabia or Iran, we should make sure that we stop nuclear proliferation in the Middle East.I do think it was a mistake for the U.S. to engage in discussions about nuclear technology transfer to Saudi Arabia last year. That's something that was under discussed, but keeping nukes out of Iran's hands? Absolutely a vital priority.Where I am different than the Lindsey Grahams or others in the Republican Party is I don't believe a preemptive strike on Iran is a good idea. To the contrary, I think we can deal with I think a lot of these threats diplomatically through smart use of our economic fortitude, become as you said energy dominant again. We need to become a net exporter of energy which takes the legs out of leverage from our enemies on the global stage. That's the right focus.And so, that's where America first policy is the right way forward.HANNITY: I'm not sure that's going to work though. There are reports that Iran could be just a month, two months, three months away from a nuclear weapon. And marrying that to their radical ideology and their fomenting of terror, they would be the people that would do it in my view. Scary scenario.Let me ask you this. You supported President Trump --RAMASWAMY: Yeah.HANNITY: The president has talked about you, maybe joining his administration if he's elected. Any particular job that you would want?RAMASWAMY: So, Sean, the truth is I'm in this for the country. There's a lot of ways to drive change in this country inside and outside government. For the last few years, I've been doing it through the market. I started Strive to compete direct directly against Blackrock and State Street and Vanguard. That's what I was doing for the couple of years before I ran for U.S. president for the year running into it.And so, I'm all in for the country and right now my focus is making sure that we do elect Donald Trump as the next president of the United States. It's not even about me. It's not about Trump. It's not about one man. It's about this country. So that's what I'm most focused on and whatever it is for the country, I'm all in to do the right thing.HANNITY: Well, listen, you got to get a lot of credit. You ran hard. You came out of nowhere. You got a lot of attention. You made a lot of people mad, which was interesting to me.And I can sense that your passion is real. I don't -- I don't -- I don't think you can fake that, and it'll be interesting to see what your future is in the world of politics. Obviously, you're very young. And I'm sure we'll be talking many times in the future.We appreciate you being back. Thank you.All right. When we come back, Piers Morgan. Once a real big critic of Donald Trump, he's now saying Trump's political comeback is in full swing. He'll explain what he means. That's coming up and much more, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: All right. Coming off his historic win in Iowa on Monday, Piers Morgan in a column for "The Sun" said that Donald Trump is more popular than ever and likened his comeback to that of Frank Sinatra, citing Trump's resilience and humor as two major factors in his resurgence here.Anyway, joining us now to explain all of this, the host of "Uncensored with Piers Morgan", there's no such thing as a censored Piers Morgan. The -- we should say this before the -- at the outset here. The morning you walked off the set of the number one morning show in Great Britain, I wrote you. I said, whatever you do, don't quit, and I don't know if -- I don't know if that message got to you or not.PIERS MORGAN, FOX NATION HOST: But no, it did. But you know what, you know what, Sean, they said to me, if you apologize to Meghan Markle for disbelieving her, then you can keep your job. But the problem -- but the problem was, it would be like saying you apologizing to Pinocchio for believing Pinocchio. So I decided on balance, better to walk.HANNITY: You know, it's funny because you know liberal Joe as I call him Scarborough, I mean, he used to claim he's a conservative. And it's like -- you know, he pretend -- he just -- he just adopted this liberalism because he wants to be on television.He used to beg, you know, people here to please hire him and didn't like the place he was working at. So,, he figured, well, he's not going to get hired here, might as well do that.Let's -- let's talk about what you see about Trump. You'd been critical of President Trump. I thought the speech he gave in Iowa was gracious. I thought my last town hall with him, very measured, smart, funny, a -- I'm - - we're seeing a little bit different side of him, not talking as much about 2020 anymore, and he's looking forward. I think it's helpful.MORGAN: Well, hallelujah to that last point, because when I last interviewed President Trump, I did say to him -- look, I just think you got to move on from looking back to 2020 all the time. You got to present a vision for America going forward for 2024, and you can get reelected.And I noticed that he's now stopped talking, nearly so much about 2020. He's talking about 2024, and he's showing all the best sides of Donald Trump which you and I have always known have been there. He's shown the charm. He's shown the incredible resilience.He really is the comeback kid. I would have said a year ago there was no chance he would have done what he did in Iowa. He also is showing that humor which seems to upset all the right people.You know, I thought that hilarious line he did in Iowa when he said, you know, even if it kills you basically, your vote will count. The people taking that seriously are exactly the kind of people I can't stand.HANNITY: By the way, he was even half laughing when he said it.MORGAN: Of course, of course, it was a joke. So I think you put it all together.Look, Donald Trump is not an angel but nor is he a devil. And I've always respected his remarkable ability to withstand the kind of pressure that would knock off any other public figure I know.You know, I remember talking to him many years ago about what happened in the financial crash of the mid-`90s, when all his friends went under pretty much. And I said how did you manage to keep going and he said, you know what? I just had to not do what they were doing, which was running home to mommy and crying and saying, isn't life unfair? I dug down, I move forward and I carry through the storm.And I remember that, and I've watched him do it again this year when as charge after charge after charge has come at him, he has got stronger and the polling for him has improved because even Republicans that don't really like Donald Trump can see that there is a witch hunt element to all this, that the Democrats are trying to kill him off but by doing, so they're making him more popular. And Donald Trump can feel that.And I watched him last night with you, Sean, and I thought -- I see a guy right on top of his game, absolutely determined to get back to the White House. I think he's pretty much got my nomination in the bag. I think he's going to win in New Hampshire and South Carolina quite comfortably. I think this is all over probably before Super Tuesday.And then honestly who would put money right now on Donald Trump not beating Joe Biden when Joe Biden can barely string a sentence together and can barely stand on his own two feet?HANNITY: If it is Joe Biden you said something that is key and this is unique for both of us, is I've known Donald Trump almost 30 years, long before you ever contemplated a run for the presidency or getting involved in politics. In real life, he is one of the funniest people you'll ever meet, one of the most generous, gregarious, friendly, warm even, and interesting people you'll ever meet.MORGAN: And loyal, and loyal.HANNITY: And extremely loyal.MORGAN: And he's like you like that. So when I left CNN, for example, you messaged me and Donald Trump rang me and wrote to me numerous times in the next few months and I never forgot that. And you know, and you're the same, and I think that loyalty is a big Trump card for him.Now, you know, it -- like I say, he's not perfect. There are many things I've disagree with Donald Trump about and I've gone toe-to-toe with him about a few big issues. So I'm not going to pretend for a moment that I think everything he does is right.But I do think JPMorgan boss Jamie Dimon got it right. When he said if you try and demonize everyone that is currently voting for Donald Trump, you're demonizing maybe 100 million Americans. But secondly, you don't understand why they're voting for him. Last election was a basically a referendum on Trump who had had a year of a global pandemic with all the catastrophic fallout, and Biden was able to hide in his bunker and exploit that, and run as an anti-Trump candidate.This time around, if it is Trump-Biden, it will be a referendum on Joe Biden's presidency, which judging by his current approval ratings is incredibly unpopular with the American public -- very, very different battle.HANNITY: And he doesn't have to change who he is. That's the interesting part of this. Let Trump be Trump, and he is a fighter but Americans kind of need a fighter right now, the world stage needs and American leader. We see what's happening in Europe, we see what's happening in the Middle East, but the side of Donald Trump that we know that maybe it doesn't show as often, I think it's to his benefit to also show that time and it's sincere. It's not contrived.MORGAN: I think he's taking adv from you and other people, and I think he's got to pivot.HANNITY: No, he doesn't listen to me.MORGAN: Well, I think he -- I think he does actually, more than probably that you get credit for. But I do think that, and I -- you know, he's frustrating Donald Trump because people do like him, and I've known him a long time and he's been very good to me. People who like him are frustrated by him because occasionally he will just do stuff when he go, come on, don't do that, and I think I noticed that speech at Iowa that was very gracious, very warm and when he talks about being inclusive.If he means that, my God, America needs to come together again. Number one superpower in the world, but so fractured and divided. If Donald Trump mach two back in the White House can be a force for unity, I'm all for it.HANNITY: Let me tell you, the world would -- since Joe Biden's been president, abdicating its role in the world stage has not been good for anybody.MORGAN: No.HANNITY: And his policies worked. It's really that simple.So, Piers, great to see you. I miss hanging out with you, my friend, and hopefully see you soon. Thank you.MORGAN: I would love that.HANNITY: All right. Straight ahead, breaking news in the legal saga of Alec Baldwin, whoops, he's charged again.Plus, why is Los Angeles and the Innocence Project raising eyebrows? Mark Geragos, Pam Bondi, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And breaking news, tonight, a grand jury has now indicted Alec Baldwin on the charge of involuntary manslaughter in connection with the fatal shooting on the set of that movie "Rust". Here with reaction, attorney Mark Geragos, former Florida attorney general Pam Bondi.Good to see both.It was about a year ago, Pam, that they had initially indicted Baldwin. They pulled back that initial indictment, and the one of the reasons given at the time by Baldwin's attorney is that forensically, they didn't feel that the gun had been examined well enough.My understanding is that they got the gun back but only after the FBI had taken the gun apart, and they were able to put it back together, and then they concluded that the only way that gun could have been fired is with somebody pulling the trigger. That was one thing that Alec Baldwin claimed he didn't do.It gets a little dicey in my mind if they took the gun apart and then they put it back together and then they made the determination. Is that problematic in your mind?PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: It is and it's going to be a tough case and you know, Alex Spiro, his attorney, is a great defense attorney. I know Alex. He represents a lot of celebrities, good attorney.But, yeah, Sean, so what they did. They reconstructed basically the gun, but what they concluded was that it took two pounds of trigger pull to pull that trigger. And you know, there were some really great detectives on the case and if you remember, there was undercover video of Alec Baldwin when he was sitting in there.And I think they're very concerned about that I think because he showed basically a lack of disregard for the victim, for her family, when he was in that room being questioned by detectives. They walked out of the room. They were watching his demeanor. He seemed to care more about himself.But again, this isn't a murder case. This is an involuntary manslaughter. So all they have to prove is reckless disregard for the safety of others.And he was the executive producer, and there had also been many complaints about the safety protocols on the set.HANNITY: Yeah, I think those are compelling reasons for the charges. You know, we're going to have to watch this play out in a courtroom.Mark, what's your take on the facts as we know them now and now that they've decided to indict him yet once again?MARK GERAGOS, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Well, I have a real problem with the idea of indicting him again and taking this to a grand jury again. As you I think ably described, they had this case once. The FBI by all accounts had destroyed the gun in order to do the tests.If what is being reported is true, they found yet another expert or forensic expert to reconstruct the gun and come up with yet another opinion. But after that reconstruction, to me, that's you know that expert shopping you can always do that. That's generally something that's the hallmarks of a civil case where you're fighting over money. I just think it's not something you should import into a fight for liberty in a criminal jurisdiction and I have real issues with this.HANNITY: Forensically though -- put that aside. I've never heard of a gun and I've been a pistol marksman since I'm about 11 years old. My mom was a prison guard and I got taught safety, security and guns when I was a young -- young kid.And anyway, long story short, a trigger doesn't pull itself, Mark. That was -- that to me was the shocking line.GERAGOS: I would agree with that -- well, and I will tell you, one of the things and I've said, I think this to you, Sean, maybe a year ago -- if I were his lawyer and I -- as Pam says Alex is a fine lawyer, I probably would have tackled him when he gave that interview to George Stephanopoulos. All that did was open up for them to knock that down, that statement down. So he wouldn't be looking at this in my humble opinion if he hadn't have given that interview in the first place.HANNITY: All right. Switching gears, the Los Angeles Innocence Project, they are now raising eyebrows after the group announced that they're going to take out Scott Peterson's case which Mark by the way worked on after he was convicted of killing his wife an unborn child back in 2004.Mark, you were involved in this case. You took a lot of heat publicly for even defending this guy. I kind of lost respect for the Innocence Project because I learned that they have too much -- well, politics behind some of their decision-making. That just my own observation. But with that said, they've done good work in the past.Do you think that there is evidence that it can come up that might free Scott Peterson? Do you believe that?GERAGOS: Well, when you say I've taken some heat for defending Scott Peterson, may be one of the great understatements by Sean Hannity. I mean, it was 20 years ago, I still have people who get -- yes, who get apoplectic over the defense of Scott Peterson and don't want to be bothered with what I would say the evidence is.I've maintained his innocence all along. I think at one point, I probably knew this evidence of this case and this trial better than anybody, having tried it and lived it for several years. I have always been a fan of the Innocence Project in terms of, you know, the getting people exonerated off of death row and some of the great work that they do.I think this is important. I think it's important that you take cases where people are reviled where people are hated, and that the conviction may be tainted because of that, and you do a dispassionate examination. In fact, in some ways it's too bad that it's taken 20 years for that.HANNITY: And, Pam, usually that would deal with forensics. That's what the Innocence Project is well known for. I'm not sure what they might have forensically or might believe exists forensically that would exonerate Scott Peterson or change his verdict, anything you can think of?BONDI: No, exactly, Sean. And you know, they've tried to unsuccessfully they have tried to overturn some of my murder cases. Yeah, they come in usually with forensics, with DNA. But here, it's based on what a juror put on her form from what we're hearing when she filled out her initial jury questionnaire.And you know, we all watched that trial and she -- Laci -- Scott Peterson had the best defense in the country with Mark Geragos. Mark's one of the best defense attorneys if not the best defense attorney in the country, still is -- was years ago, but there was a lot of evidence against Scott Peterson. If you remember, Laci was and a half months pregnant, she went missing, he lied about his whereabouts, he said he went golfing, then he said he went fishing and then it came out that he had an affair with Amber Fry, and had lied to Amber Fry about when he knew Laci was missing.So, there was a tremendous amount of evidence against him and the Innocence Project right now is not dealing with any of that as far as we know so far, just what a juror said whether they could truly be impartial. And this case has been taken up through the courts all the way multiple times to the Supreme Court.HANNITY: All right. We're going to have to wait watch and see.BONDI: And affirmed.HANNITY: And we'll see if that holds.And, Mark, maybe you'll have -- you'll give everybody you meet a reminder that you once represented him and maybe you'll get the same hatred I get when I'm in blue states like New York.Anyway, appreciate both you coming on. Thank you.All right. When we come back, according to a report, there is a weird chocolate obsession among White House staffers. The one and only Jimmy Failla, he's next, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. A weird story out of "Politico". Now, according to the report, once a month, the Navy mess inside the White House -- well, they distribute small boxes of M&M's or Hershey's Kisses packed in special boxes with the presidential seal and everything. Some White House staffers allegedly lining up for hours for their chocolate with their laptops and sometimes even with their office chairs to work while they're waiting for their free chocolate.Joining us now, the host of the brand new hit show, it's a hit show, "FOX News Saturday Night with Jimmy Failla".By the way, and I saw you asked Dana Perino, you know, if you're in trouble, who are you going to call first? And I was very honored she picked, but she picked the right person because I know the right lawyers, I know -- you know, I'll be able at a moment's notice to bail somebody out of any prison they're in, whatever trouble she got in, I'd be there.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST, "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT WITH JIMMY FAILLA": You are absolutely the number one guy. The problem is I can't afford to make you my emergency contact.HANNITY: Why not?FAILLA: Because I know you'd charge me.HANNITY: I would not charge you. I do it for free.FAILLA: America, America needs to know. I said to Sean when I got the show, what do I owe you? And you said I'll let you know.HANNITY: I did not say that.FAILLA: I kid.HANNITY: You were lying through your teeth, it's funny, but you're lying. I love -- no, I do whatever -- whatever was necessary. I help my friends out, I'm a loyal person.All right. Let's -- let's get to the -- first of all, I understand every president, they give away free stuff, you know? When Donald Trump was president, I got, quote, an official key to the White House. It was a gift, all right, great, thank you. I got cufflinks once I think from the Bush administration.FAILLA: Yeah.HANNITY: I didn't get anything from Obama or Biden I don't know why.FAILLA: Well, that's crazy.HANNITY: Well, I know, right? They should be you know gracious, magnanimous.FAILLA: Because it is a thing, if you go back to the `90s, if you go back to the `90s when you started, Bill Clinton was giving cigars to the intern.HANNITY: Free, absolutely no charge.FAILLA: Anyway --HANNITY: Anyway. So, on this issue, what are these people doing? They're supposed to be working. You know, these are the people that need parties because they're snowflakes and they don't like all of Joe's policies in the Middle East.FAILLA: That's what I mean.HANNITY: Even the interns are rebelling in Joe's White House. That tells you a lot.FAILLA: Oh, Sean, this whole administration, when you look at it this way, it makes sense, the whole administration is a bunch of substitute teachers who don't have control of the classroom. Do you remember being in school as a kid? If a weak sub came in --HANNITY: Oh, great.FAILLA: -- and said, they -- and you were like, this dude better put a movie on fast or this class is going to be out of control. They have literally resorted to handing out candy to calm down the students, although I should warn the kids in this White House, you got to be careful what kind of candy you ask for because if you ask for a hundred grand, they'll give you a wire from Ukraine, it's awkward. Now you got money from Hunter (ph) - - there's a whole to do.HANNITY: They -- well, they did have cocaine found in Hunter's holster. They only spent 10 days investigating the cocaine in the White House. But that was a real thorough investigation.Are you telling me the White House, the most secure building supposedly on the face of this earth, in this country that they can't figure out who brought cocaine into the White House? I have a few names that come to mind. I don't know. Do you?FAILLA: I'm not going to name names, but it rhymes with Hunter Biden. But is it not funny, Sean, that I can't get a bottle of Poland spring onto a Delta flight without the TSA taking me down?HANNITY: Oh, that's true.FAILLA: But you're getting booger sugar onto the White House, the most secure location in America? Stop it. We all know the truth.HANNITY: By the way, I need an ID to buy a Juul, but I don't need an ID -- a Juul pod. I don't need an ID when I go to vote. Although now, I've registered in Florida and I've gotten rid of my registration in New York for voting. Maybe I do need voter ID.I have to find out what the new rules are now that I'm -- all right. Let's go to residents of Lexington, Kentucky, they're beaming a message into the into space asking aliens to descend upon their community and enjoy -- enjoy all it has to offer, apparently, a stunt to attract UFO-loving tourists to Lexington and the scientists who sent the message say they expected to take 40 years to reach its intended target in space. It's a long time to wait for visitors to come visit.FAILLA: True story. But if the aliens do come, Gavin Newsom is offering them free health care. And they'll get a stimulus check from the White House.I love Kentucky, okay? Kentucky's got the bourbon trail. That's our friend James Comer's district, these are fun-loving people. And UFO tourists, they're good tourists. They're not going to have a pro-Hamas protest in the middle of your highway, okay?These people shower, unlike the protesters I run into here in New York. I like the UFO crowd. I think they get a bad rap.HANNITY: I think they get a bad rap, too. There a lot -- are a lot of people, you're not allowed in but that show up at the area 51 place. They never want to release information about UFOs.FAILLA: No. But can I say one thing, Sean --HANNITY: I want them to release. I want them to release. I want to know if there's other life out there that maybe God created and maybe learn from them.FAILLA: Sean, as a former New York City cab driver, I have absolutely met people from other planets and several planets you've heard of, two that you haven't, it's out there, man. I've driven it to LaGuardia.HANNITY: Yeah, well, maybe, you know, naked cowboy, maybe they dress up as aliens and maybe, you know, you were drinking that day when you were driving your cab, because it's probably the most stressful job on Earth.But, anyway, Jimmy Failla, but congrats on the show. The show's doing great.FAILLA: Yep.HANNITY: We're proud of you. We're happy for you and we wish you the best with it.All right. Jimmy Failla, "FOX News Saturday Night with Jimmy Failla," tomorrow night, 10:00 Eastern, right here on Fox, you don't want to miss it. And straight ahead, more HANNITY. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible.Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever miss an episode of HANNITY. We will be broadcasting live from New Hampshire on Monday and Tuesday, Monday ahead of the primary that's taking place on Tuesday.Anyway, in the meantime, we hope you have a great weekend. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face.Have a great weekend. We'll see you from New Hampshire Monday.