NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We were mentioning Sean O'Brien of the Teamsters, he will be my special guest tomorrow, whether that is telegraphing a decision he's made and the union has made in support of one of the presidential candidates, I have no idea. But our special guests returning to talk to us on this show.In the meantime, here comes "THE FIVE."JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Shocking new video shows the lawlessness of Democrats cities colliding with Joe Biden's open border's insanity. Two NYPD police officers getting outnumbered and savagely beaten by a large group of illegal immigrants near Times Square. Those cops were just trying to break up a disorderly crowd outside a shelter, trying to arrest one of the illegals and that's when the mob attacked.One of the thugs kicking an officer in the face while he's on the ground. He suffered a cut to his face and the other officer was injured. Five of those violent suspects were arrested by police later that same night, charged with assaulting a police officer but four of them already back on the street, released without bail.And get this, they were only in custody for three hours. And we're getting new video that fifth migrant in court today. One NYPD chief says all of those cop beating migrants should be locked up.JOHN CHELL, NYPD CHIEF OF PATROL: Reprehensible, cowards. You have eight people attacking a lieutenant and a cop. The four though arrested should be sitting in Rikers right now on bail, should be indicted this week and taken off our streets.You want to know why our cops are getting assaulted? There's no consequences. And we must change this.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Even New York Democrat Governor Kathy Hochul was outraged. And she's floating the D word.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why is it OK that they are left out on bail?GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): I'm not satisfied with that at all. These are law enforcement officers who should never under any circumstances be subjected to physical assault.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Should those individuals be deported?HOCHUL: I think that's definitely something that should be looked at. I mean, if someone commits a crime against a police officer in the state of New York, and they're not -- you know, they've not processed, they're not here legally. Definitely worth checking into.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: OK, so they're going to Greg check into.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What an ass. Number one, does she even -- like, this happens to citizens all the time, right? And now she's like shocked that it happened to cops.Look, the Democratic Party needs to change its name to the BPP, the breaking point party, because in every facet of society now, we're at its breaking point, whether it is crime and immigration, which is now meeting right there on the street, education, you know, division, foreign policy. Every place there's unfettered, progressivism, you end up with chaos, and that is a microcosm of chaos, you have order represented by the police, and you have chaos represented by thugs.Now, if you point out this situation, you're talking about a policy, what is wrong with the policy. But the moment you talk about this, the left will say you're talking about people. This is what they do with trans rights. This is what they do with everything. It's like, they always twist it so that you're referring to the people.But immigrants are wonderful. We're not arguing that, right? We're addressing what's wrong with a policy. And it's one that progressives create without ever factoring the consequences, which is what the -- what the -- what the police officer just said, they never factor in the consequences.So, then, you end up with incentivizing criminals to do whatever they want, which is what they're doing. And another problem with Democrats, Jessica, they're always upstream from the mistakes they cause, right? All of the blunders are felt downstream, like in Times Square by a cop, or maybe it's a pedestrian or someone on the subway.You know, for some reason, liberal leaders can afford such mistakes, because the consequences never get near them. So, you have a governor basically faking like she cares, but she doesn't, because if she cared, she would have done something about the crime in this city a long time ago.WATTERS: And it's a sanctuary city, Dana, so there's a good chance they'll never be deported.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: But also don't you think that those three that are out already, they're already back in shelters that you're paying for.WATTERS: Right.PERINO: And that's pretty gross. What better sentence that sums up the Biden administration than this one? Illegal immigrant mob beats up officers released immediate without bail. That's in one sentence. You got it right there. You don't even need to pay 30 seconds for a commercial for it.Paul Morrow, the Fox News contributor former NYPD officer said today that there's indication, he's heard from sources there in the police force that there's organized pickpocketing happening by Venezuelan gangs. What do we know that Biden did? He said, OK, if you're Venezuelan, you can come because we feel bad for you because things are terrible. Things are terrible there, right. So, you get to come and you get to live here and you and you get to do this to our people.And the other thing that happened in New York City, you've got a mayor who tried to override a city council vote. This is going to make officers take note, anytime he comes into contact with the citizen, you have to go back and file a paperwork in triplicate form.And the mayor tried to override it. We had a mom on Newsroom this morning who was devastated by it. She tried to fight for the mayor and say, my daughter was killed last year, they never would have found her murderer if cops had to do this, please don't do this.And they overrode the mayor's veto, not by just a little bit, 42 to nine. So, the city is I think at a breaking point in particular. And we as Hemmer told me today, it's like we have too much to lose here.WATTERS: Well, Democrats have been voting for this. And this is what you got. Jessica, you're up.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Great. Happy to be here. So, it's a terrible situation. There's no defense of it. And it's not really about necessarily that this is a sanctuary city because there are migrants that are being bussed to non-sanctuary cities. And I think it really does come down to Kathy Hochul executing that idea that if you are a migrant, and you are here illegally, that you are deported right away, that you have harsher penalties for doing something like this, because you're here out of the good graces of our heart.And we've been talking about that consistently, you know, with migrants that are on the street, pushing people out of hotels, pushing people out of schools, we're going to talk about that as well. Out of rec centers closing those down because they have to move migrant families into them. I think there should be harsher penalties for that.And I went back and looked at the legislative history of Kate's law. Remember the law that was created for Kate Steinle, the 32-year-old woman in San Francisco who was murdered by an undocumented man who I think had been deported six times or something like that. And it passed the House in 2017. It had 24 Democrats that voted for it. And it still needs to get through the Senate and Ted Cruz reintroduced it again last year.I think that this is a moment where people are feeling this so deeply that something like that could get passed. And I think that that would be a step in the right direction. But obviously, the federal government needs to do better in terms of making sure that people like that are not here.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine Pirro?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: You know, it's interesting, Greg, when you talk about policy versus people. I've always -- and that's certainly legitimate. I've always talked about people, I talk about the fact that we don't get angry enough when people are hurt.Look, these illegals came here illegally. They were not invited here. And they don't belong in Rikers, they belong back in Venezuela, if indeed they are Venezuelans.OK, they need to be deported immediately. Because we don't want people like that in our country. We don't want people like that, who literally take down the establishment law and order who violently attack a police officer, get them to the ground and kick him in the face, kick him in the head. And then they join each other.And you know, the amazing thing is these people want asylum. I don't believe they're entitled to asylum. They say they come here, because they'll be persecuted in their own country. Chances are they deserve to be persecuted in their own country, because I'm going to make a bet that this isn't the first time they've tried to take down a police officer or someone in authority.And yet, they're going to want us to give them asylum from their country, they need to go back to their country.Now, aside from the fact that this is free advertising for the cartels. And this has been on all day long. It's proof to the world that we don't even have the dignity of defending ourselves in our own system.And blacks in this country are taking a second seat and I don't like it. They're on the losing end of the stick, whether they're in Chicago, in Boston, or in New York City, whether they're being moved out of school gyms, or moved out of hotels or anywhere else. Illegals are taking priority over the blacks in this country. And it's hard.I mean, if you want to give a sports center in Boston to illegals, as opposed to minority kids who deserve it, and we're American Citizens, then that tells me that you are all in for people coming here who don't even want to swear allegiance to this country.I used to swear those people in 300 a month. They used to come in with American flags. They love this country. It was the happiest day of their lives. They couldn't wait to take a picture. They knew more American history than I did. Do you think these people deserve to be Americans? I don't.WATTERS: I don't either. And Joe Biden could have prevented this but he didn't.Coming up, Joe Biden's election year Hail Mary, the president will finally visit East Palestinian, one year after the toxic train derailment.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Somebody remembered it's election season, Joe Biden will finally show his sorry face in East Palestine, Ohio next month. One whole year after a toxic train derailment poisoned the town. The White House had promised he'd go but the day never came. Today, KJP gave this reason for Joe's sudden change of heart.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president had always said that he would go when it is most helpful to the community. And with this invitation, obviously, very recent, and the current status of the recovery, we felt that the time was right.There's no date yet. But obviously, we're working with community leaders. We're working with the mayor, elected officials to find the exact time and day to go in February.It's not going to be about politics. It's not about being in a red state, or blue state. You hear this say this over and over. You hear from the president over and over again. Because he wants to be make sure that he's there for this community.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: But all Biden is doing is reminding people of how a better leader already visited the town and did it the same month that the derailment happened, I'm talking about Donald Trump, and he knocked Biden for snubbing East Palestine for an entire year saying, "I know those great people, I was there when it counted. And his reception won't be a warm one. Worst president in history". And one business owner in East Palestine is warning Joe Biden to not expect a friendly reception.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DJ YOKLEY, EAST PALESTINE, OHIO PRESIDENT: The American people have awakened to realize that our -- the leader of our country did not show up to the greatest catastrophe of 2023. And now he's going to show up because it is an election year.He better have a wagon full of answers, and a wagon full of good news for us. Because otherwise, why are you coming. At this point, why are you showing your face if not just to try to sway votes and try to get back in office?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Bless you. Jesse, do you think the aides will remind him not to bring up October 7th that this is the other Palestine?WATTERS: Right, he needs a lot of reminding. In golf, this is what you call, six-inch tap and birdie. If you're the president, you go up, tap it and go to the next hole. It's the easiest thing to do. You fly out there you hug everyone you can see.GUTFELD: Sniff their hair.WATTERS: Don't sniff their hair. You promise them as much money as the community needs to recover. And then you leave. That's all they want. They want a president to show up and show that he cares.And you always heard about the Biden brand. He cares about people like me, does he? He doesn't even care about his own granddaughter. That guy's checking his watch when coffins are coming home. This is the most callous human being we've ever had occupy the Oval Office. And there's just a thousand examples of the fact that he's lost that human connection, that touch that something that everybody has and something that the country deserves and needs in times of crisis.I don't know what it takes to get that out of Joe Biden. He doesn't have anything else to do. He only leaves the White House once a week. It's not that far to Ohio. And if you talk politics, Ohio is gone. Florida has gone. Ohio's gone. He is losing state after state if you look at that Monmouth Bloomberg poll, Trump is crushing him by like five, six, seven points in these states that used to be really big battlegrounds. Heartland states, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin. He just doesn't have it anymore. And I just, I'm wondering what happened to Joe Biden?GUTFELD: What happened indeed? Judge, maybe I'm not cynical enough. But surely he's not doing this because it's election season like we suggested. It's out of the goodness of his heart.PIRRO: I agree. But I also agree the man is soulless. The fact that he didn't show up and give comfort to these people who are all blue collar. The one thing they needed was some support, some confidence, some sense that someone had their back. And he didn't show up.And you know, I want people to think about the fact that he had 140 days off last year. So, in September, this is his quote by -- and I haven't had occasion to go to East Palestine. There's a lot going on and I just haven't been able to break. He went to St. Croix, he went to Nantucket, he went to Tahoe, we went to Delaware every weekend, 140 days up, think about it. If you're lucky, you had two weeks off, that's 14, he had 10 times that.And you know what Palestine is on the Pennsylvania border, Pennsylvania is a big state. And I think he's going to go there. And if someone says, what is the point of going there now? He's going to go there and he's going to say, we made Norfolk Southern pay. We made Norfolk Southern clean up this toxic waste, where they had 11 trains with toxic chemicals on it, and we have new regulations.But I don't believe that Norfolk Southern ever was held liable other than to clean up. Where's the punishment? Where's the prosecution? Where's the negligence?So, when KJP says, given the current status of recovery, she said the quiet part out loud, she said, now it's safe for him to go.GUTFELD: You know, Dana, can I go a little bit off-topic? And mention a text you sent me this morning?PERINO: Sure, which one?GUTFELD: Well, I mean, it's related to the election season.PERINO: OK.GUTFELD: Biden on X saying that he suddenly found all these billions of dollars to forgive student loans. It's just such a coincidence this is happening now. And he found it, it's not like it can't be our money, right?PERINO: What's worse than that? So they -- so they have new leadership over at the campaign, right? They left the White House, they went over to the campaign. And now all of a sudden you see these tweets like one two Elmo (PH) but we're going to talk about that later.But the one this morning that I sent to you is that it was so infuriating, because he says, as you know, the Supreme Court said I couldn't do it. But I found a way. I found a way to use your taxpayer dollars to try to buy votes from a certain segment of the population and not to help others on East Palestine.Governor DeWine, Republican governor in Ohio asked the White House for a disaster declaration in July for the residents of East Palestine because they found dioxins in the soil and the water. Dioxins are chemicals that never go away. They're called forever chemicals. That disaster declaration was denied by the Biden White House, OK.But the other thing that's happening is it's not just his election he's concerned about, there are two Senate races that matter a lot. One is Sherrod Brown in Ohio. He's running for reelection and Bob Casey in Pennsylvania, and right there on the border as Salena Zito reminded me, there's a town called Darlington, that's in Pennsylvania.And so, Biden, I don't think Biden had any intention of going to East Palestine except somebody in the White House was like, hey, Chuck Schumer really wants us to go and it's the anniversary so we should say.And the president is not going on the anniversary. My favorite part is he said he'll be going in February. So, at some point, they don't even have a date yet.GUTFELD: Yes. Jessica, isn't this all political?TARLOV: No, I don't think it's all political. I think it's somewhat political. And this idea that you could ask anyone Republican or Democrat, to take off their politician armor is ludicrous. Everyone is thinking about it no matter what.I also don't think it's a responsibility of the president to go to every single thing that goes wrong. And I would add to your point, Dana, yes, about the declaration, the disaster declaration, but Governor DeWine and Congressman Johnson, who's the local congressman there in Ohio, both praise the federal response, they said they had gotten everything that they needed from the government when this happened, and that there were agents on the ground from the Department of Transportation, the day that it happened, and yes, Mayor Pete -- sorry, Secretary Pete was, "late to come". But they still said that they got what they needed.And to Jesse's point about, you know, where is that Joe gone? Well, he was in Florida when they had a disaster over the summer. And Governor DeSantis, no fan of the president and Florida rate of ruby red state now was praising him. He didn't hug him Chris Christie style. But he said we've gotten every single thing that we've needed from the federal government.And where is that Joe Biden? He was on the phone with the families of the fallen soldiers. There's video footage from the Atlantic Journal Constitution paper of the family crying when they find out that their daughter is being promoted posthumously for serving our country honorably as well she deserves.So, that Joe Biden exists and --WATTERS: Well, he doesn't exist in East Palestinian.TARLOV: Well, he's -- first of all, I do not believe that it will be a completely chilly reception. There are people in every state, no matter how they read -- would no matter how they vote, whether it's eight points, 10 points in the other direction who are thankful and happy to see a president of the United States come. That's just how this works. And you see it constantly.And you're picking the thing that you care about most, right? You're not like -- let's talk about Flint, Michigan then, if you want to talk about something that Democrats --WATTERS: It was a huge story, Jessica.TARLOV: It was a huge story and forever chemicals are something that are very personal to me. My dad died of a 9/11 cancer, he was poisoned by something like this.So, don't start with me about that. I think I take it incredibly seriously. And there was risk that it was going to infect another state.PIRRO: So, should have Biden taken it as seriously as you were?TARLOV: But the point is, is that showing up when you want him to doesn't mean that he didn't take it seriously. And if the governor of the other party, a Republican governor and the congressmen are saying that they got what they needed, why is that not good enough for you? You think he can go to every single thing that happened?PIRRO: You think that they're going to say something else when they continue to need the White House. Don't be naive politically.TARLOV: But then you're just setting up a trap where there's no possible way for you to accept any point that I make.PIRRO: The fact that I'm setting up (INAUDIBLE) no, put yourself in the situation of a poor person from East Palestine who's had a chemical way spilled in there and their land and their water in a forever chemical. It was the worst toxic spill of the year, so don't make it like it's, oh, it's just like a tornado. It's not.GUTFELD: We got to move on, you guys. OK, up next, bad news for professional race hustlers Stacey Abrams, her group could be going belly up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The Democrat's favorite sore loser is back. Stacey Abrams is reportedly having to lay off the majority of her staff at the nonprofit organization she founded to combat so-called voter suppression.The group is said to be drowning in debt despite having gotten a whopping $100 million in its first three years of operation. And it seems like karma has finally caught up to Stacey. She was a key instigator of the Jim Crow 2.0 hoax, which saw Democrats like Joe Biden smearing Georgia's election reform laws as racist.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STACEY ABRAMS, FORMER GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, GEORGIA: If they can navigate the difficulties put in place by Brian Kemp and Brad Raffensperger to not only game the system but to suppress voting in the state of Georgia.We've got to talk about this as one, an attack on democracy and two, an attack on community.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: 21st century Jim Crow assault is real. It's unrelenting and we're going to challenge it vigorously.Jim Crow 2.0 is about two insidious things, voter suppression and election subversion.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Greg, so Stacy Abrams because of this so-called voter suppression, got Major League Baseball to move the All-Star Game, got Coke to move. And then ultimately, an Obama-appointed judge said the law was constitutional, that there wasn't a problem with it.GUTFELD: It's -- you know it's --PIRRO: This is all a hoax.GUTFELD: Well, yes. Well, it is a hoax. There was no voter suppression if - - at least from that side. But this is about creating that force field that's impenetrable to criticism. If you play the race card on everything, it allows you to screw everyone else because people are too scared to call you on it. so, I mean, just the -- just the idea that the All-Star Game moved, I mean, like we forget about that, but why did they move? What phantom were they protesting? Why were they running?That is -- that's one of the big crimes I think. And there is some justice that she's now you know broke but if I don't think they're going to learn any lessons from this. The media and Democrats should ask themselves maybe calling everybody racist is not a good thing. And also, it's also insulting to minorities to assume that presenting an ID is somehow a high expectation.And now that's bleeding into everything else. What else is asking too much? You know, expecting a person of color in a position of academic power not to plagiarize. So, it's like if you say, you know, maybe they shouldn't plagiarize. No, that's racist. That's racist. We need to have a different level of expectation for certain groups of people. So, it's really, it's -- they have created this racial universe and now it's imploding. Almost in every area it's infected.PIRRO: You know, Jessica, over $100 million -- I think that they have debts of $2.9 million and they have a $1.5 milon in the bank, but the $100 million is a lot to lose in two years. Maybe there isn't really voter suppression or maybe they're not the victims they said they were.TARLOV: Well, they were ordered to pay back -- getting into the millions, but I know -- I think the largest settlement was $231,000 at a clip to pay the state's legal fees to defend themselves against what Fair Fight was alleging in defense of these voter laws. And they obviously made huge amounts of mistakes. I'm glad to see it wasn't some sort of scandal like they were paying themselves, you know, like $10 million salaries or --PIRRO: Well, there's a piece of it where she pays one of her best friends $25 million. You know, it seems that that happens a lot as a lawyer in one of the lawsuits.TARLOV: Well, that -- OK, you know what I mean that it doesn't seem like she lives in a $10 million mansion and --PIRRO: Well, she didn't go that far.TARLOV: Well, Stacey Abrams has been -- I shouldn't say has been, has become rather I think more of a controversial figure within the Democratic Party especially as we've gotten into these conversations about election denialism and then people roll tape of her saying you know, I acknowledge that Brian Kemp is the governor but that doesn't mean that I lost and all these kind of like absurd ways of getting around the issue.And one thing that I know Democrats are focused on from this though is she was a huge fundraiser. And whether that is going to continue on or how that manifests because obviously Georgia is going to be a pivotal state in 2024 as well.PIRRO: Dana, do you think she's lost her credibility?PERINO: Well, think about how she got her credibility too. Oprah was a big -- remember that she did that big event for her? They flew in to do an event for her. She got a major book deal. She had live events. They had merchandise. She was all over the country. She was the next big thing. And what happens? It all is like a total waste and a failure. So, yes, her credibility is shot.But this is what I want to know. She has still never revealed what that scheduling conflict was. When she couldn't be with Biden, when he went down there to give that big speech after she called for the MLB game to leave, and then all of a sudden she had a scheduling conflict. It's very strange. She's never answered that.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, maybe she can make this whole fiasco and turn it into another romance novel.WATTERS: That's right. I should have Johnny order me some of those steamy novels.PIRRO: Oh, yes. They're great.WATTERS: Just for some late-night reading.PERINO: Oh, you should.PIRRO: You should. They are worth reading.WATTERS: Jessica says that there's no financial shenanigans. How do you know, Jessica? She just lost $100 million. Where did it go? How do you lose $100 million and have nothing to show for it?PIRRO: Two years.GUTFELD: CNN plus.WATTERS: Do you know how hard it is to lose -- good -- $100 million? She said $25 million on lawyers. So, she got fleeced, meaning she's an idiot, and then she spent like the judge -- $10 million to her friend. She just gave it to her friend's firm. And then this little nonprofit -- they call it that but it's really not. They just sent millions to her PAC.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: It's a money laundering operation.PERINO: Totally.WATTERS: It's where you park your staff in between campaigns. I mean, this is what people do. It's a patronage operation, Jessica.PERINO: Hey, at least she didn't marry her best friend.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Like the other -- like the prosecutor.PIRRO: Yes, Fani Willis.WATTERS: That's right.PERINO: Fani.PIRRO: Fani.WATTERS: What's with all these Democrats funneling money to their lovers?PIRRO: And you know what, Jesse? You know what -- you know what she missed out on?WATTERS: What?PIRRO: She aired an advertisement during the Super Bowl game, her -- the PAC did.WATTERS: She spent that much money on a Super Bowl ad?PIRRO: For herself.WATTERS: She deserves to lose the money.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Those ads are -- except when Fox airs the Super Bowl, that's the great price.GUTFELD: Exactly.PIRRO: All right, coming up, Law and Order special woke unit. The hit crime show is now pushing a left-wing agenda.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: This episode of the hit crime drama Law and Order getting criticized over its very woke message on criminal justice. The plot features a white lesbian rape victim. Stay with me. She resists testifying against her attacker who is Black because she's concerned that he wouldn't get a fair trial.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE 1: We're acutely aware of the systemic inequities that exist within the criminal justice system.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE 2: You mean for people like Jay.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE 1: Yes. Our concern is that he might not receive a fair trial.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE 3: I can. I can afford therapy. I have that luxury and maybe one day I'll be OK. But if that teenager goes to prison, it may not be.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: OK, Judge, they chose rape as the crime and -- for this example that they wanted to do. I think -- well, let's just get your take.PIRRO: I agree with you. You haven't said it, but I agree. He -- look, they don't know anything about rape. I have prosecuted rape cases and my office has prosecuted them. I don't know one rape victim who would ever say I have the money for therapy, I don't need to go forward and get justice. What rape victims say is I don't want another woman to go through what I've gone through.This is nonsense. And you're right, they could have picked petty larceny or something different from rape. And the amazing thing is this is what happens when you only see color and not the reality of life. All they see is color as opposed to one of the most violent crimes that can be committed against a woman.And you know, we've listen to white -- to the fact that we're -- if you're white, you're a white supremacist for so long their writers are actually buying into it. And no one can -- would say I can afford therapy, I can overcome this. You're lucky if you get through life and not have to deal with it for the rest of your life.You know, and the problem is Americans think they learn law from shows like this. This is a bad story. It's a bad lesson. And NBC, to put this overarching woke theme over the reality of one of the most horrific crimes that any woman can go through is an indication of how ideologically in the -- in the dump they are.PERINO: Yes. And when it comes to MeToo they are actually more E-Too. Thank you. Mind blown.GUTFELD: Mind blown.PERINO: I'll let you talk then.GUTFELD: Oh, see, here's the thing. I don't know the -- I didn't watch this. I just saw that clip. I mean, were they critical of her? Were they -- were they like going like, she's not --PERINO: No.GUTFELD: They weren't?PERINO: No.GUTFELD: You guys saw it.PERINO: They're like, they understand.GUTFELD: Oh, wow. That's crazy. Here's the thing. Law and Order thinks its twists or surprising, but there are always two on the nose. So, let's say a woman gets stabbed in the subway, the obvious suspect will probably be a deranged homeless man. That's reality. That's not two on the nose. That's reality. But when you find out that it's a MAGA supporter who did it because she wore a Biden pin, well that's two on the nose. It's why Smollett failed. His hoax was two on the nose.Anyone can write a Law and Order script. This is how it goes. You present the obviously guilty suspect in the first five minutes, but soon he's quickly exonerated, and then the real suspect arises and it's a highly respected Caucasian architect, or a egomaniacal hedge fund CEO who is also white, let's not forget. Or maybe it's his daughter that he's trying to protect who's a drug addict.But anything that you experience in real life is not ironically in this thing that is called law and order. There's nothing real in that. There was one cop show that showed the reality of crime, and it was taken off the air. It was called Cops. Because every night, reality destroyed the woke narrative. You saw the overwhelming types of crimes, the folks who were doing the crimes, but in the wake -- I guess it was Minneapolis, right? It was accused of exacerbating stereotypes, right? Isn't that why it was pulled?There you go. You had to -- you had to kill reality and place -- and replace it with fiction.PERINO: You watched Cops?WATTERS: Live PD, Cops, yes, big fan. Not a fan of Law and Order but millions of people watch this show.GUTFELD: Most are unemployed, Jesse. They're at home watching the reruns.PERINO: That's a huge --WATTERS: Greg, this is on prime time. This is on network television.GUTFELD: Nobody watch -- nobody watches it.WATTERS: It's like one of the most popular dramas in television.GUTFELD: You don't know what you're talking about.WATTERS: OK. So, many people as you said learn everything there is to know about the law from watching Law and Order, and these shows people love because you get justice. These are people that love these crime capers, that love these detectives that take down these bad guys, so you're kind of conditioned to believe what you see on television. And they're now conditioning women to feel bad for the men who rape them if the rapist is Black.Now, if the rapist is White, seek the max. If the rapist is Black, you see a shrink, take a pill, and let the guy slide. But what happens when he slides? He rapes again. This is a pro-rape episode on NBC.PERINO: That is crazy. Jessica, I'm sure you will agree with everything that was said. No, I'm kidding. But you do know a lot about entertainment and television and what -- like, what do you think they're doing?TARLOV: Well, it's interesting to me because their whole thing is ripped from the headlines. So, I would be curious to see if this was actually something -- no, I agree with you. I think that there's -- over the years they have taken more and more license to create episodes in the vein of whatever they --PERINO: Plus, they did so poorly.TARLOV: But to Jesse's point, it is a hugely popular show especially SVU which deals with this issue which one of the most important issues out there. When I watched the clip, I was shocked that anyone could kind of muster that sentiment as the lead sentiment of I'm not going to do anything. Maybe yes I'm prosecuting this person, oh, I really hope that everything is fair and good and they spend the rest of their life in jail or whatever the proper response to it is.It will be interesting to see this right now as Conservative backlash if it does permeate over or if there's you know --PERINO: Well, Fox News talked about it so now everybody on the left can't.GUTFELD: That person doesn't exist. I mean, you're right. It's funny, torn from the headlines, that character does not exist.PIRRO: But you don't know because there are -- there are victims that will not go forward with charges for a variety of reasons.GUTFELD: Right. That's not it.PIRRO: But I think that -- that may be. Who knows. But I think that there is something more to be said. 50 percent of the women who were raped neglect to report the rape. This is going to add even more to it.PERINO: And also, it's not like some errant random person at NBC tweeted out something like this. Like, White women deserve to be raped if they're - - because they're privileged. How many people have to see an episode like this and approve it before it gets out the door? That's a lot of people.All right, coming up, has work been creeping into your dreams lately? You're not alone. Greg is going to tell us all about his work nightmares and I have a few myself, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Work is now invading our dreams. A new study revealing that 64 percent of Americans have had a nightmare about their job. Greg, you definitely fit in the 64 percent, right?GUTFELD: Absolutely. I have the same horrible nightmare that I'm doing a show with Jesse. But no, I get -- I have terrible work nightmare dreams because your brain is beta-testing outcomes. So, you do the right thing in the daytime. So, my nightmares are always about lack of preparation and there's a show I didn't know about that it replaces the school dreams. I didn't know we were doing this show. I didn't know we were doing this show. But then when you wake up, you feel great because it's actually just a dream.So, I really actually enjoy it. It's a -- it's a great way to make a mistake that doesn't exist.TARLOV: You always want to be stressed out basically.GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: Dana, what do you --PERINO: I have them all the time, but I think partly it's I used -- when I was at the White House, I'd have a dream that I couldn't find the briefing room. Or one time I remember very specifically a dream where the reporters were speaking in a language I didn't understand and I was like I don't -- I don't know what to do here. Here I have dreams all the time that I can't find the studio, I can't find hair and makeup, I don't know where I'm going.But I think it's a biological defense and I think this goes back. Like, if you went into my past lives when I was like in the hunter gatherer days, I would probably have dreams that I couldn't gather enough food. It's just a part of the way that you live. It's not the way -- it's not just because we work a lot now.TARLOV: And then you move it on to whatever you're doing at the time.PERINO: Yes.TARLOV: Jesse?GUTFELD: He can't dream about work because he doesn't do any.WATTERS: So, I usually say that it's feminine for men to share their dreams in public. But I will say the one dream that I do have where it's an anxiety dream is that I'm about to graduate from college and I don't really have enough credits.TARLOV: You don't have the credits, yes.WATTERS: And I'm late for my final exam and I'm not going to be able to walk in the ceremony, my parents are going to find out. That's my dream. I think it signifies impostor syndrome because I sit next to all of these well-qualified people. But many people say people with impostor syndrome are the most successful.TARLOV: Who said that?WATTERS: Some people.TARLOV: Judge?PIRRO: I have the -- I have the college one where I'm fighting with them because I'm always fighting with somebody. I did -- I got -- I took that class and I did well in it. But in terms of my prior lives, I think I used to fly around on a carpet because I'm like obsessed with carpets.PERINO: I know.PIRRO: Other than that, it makes no sense. I know.PERINO: You better talk to your dog about that.TARLOV: Past lives are fascinating. OK, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Time now for "ONE MORE THING." A gas pipeline in Oklahoma busted up shooting flames 500 ft in the air, 36 mil away. People had to evacuate, they watched it. That's what I call en fuego.Also en fuego, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," the Georgia monkey invasion, 8:00.PIRRO: Wow.GUTFELD: Wow.PIRRO: OK.PERINO: Interesting.WATTERS: Judge Pirro.PIRRO: A man trusted his girl -- his girlfriend's best friend to record the marriage proposal. Unfortunately, the girl got a little distracted when a raccoon came to see what the commotion was all about. By the time the video pans back, the couple are already embracing. Fortunately there was someone else recording who captured the moment so everyone was able to laugh it off.PERINO: That's funny.WATTERS: It happens all the time in my shoots. Just kidding, Jimmy. Greg?GUTFELD: All right, tonight, oh, this is going to be a great show. We got Michelle Tafoya, Trace Gallagher -- I'd like to trace Gallagher -- Kat Timpf and Tyrus. That's tonight 10:00 p.m.WATTERS: Jessica?TARLOV: OK, we're low on time. I want to make sure Dana gets in, so just an announcement. I'm going out to Los Angeles. I'm going to do Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday. And I'll be out all of next week for those of you who despise me.WATTERS: Good luck. That'll be fun to watch.TARLOV: Thank you.PERINO: So there's this little shih tzu.GUTFELD: Watch your mouth.PERINO: 16 years old, broke out of his yard one snowy night. To the horror of his owner, Jenny, she posted a message on Facebook. They said hey, don't worry, we found him at the bar. He was down at the local bar and he was all set. His name is Bear and he's fine.PIRRO: Did he know how to go there because she took him there all the time?PERINO: I don't know. That's a good question.WATTERS: You can always find Bear at the bar, right, Bret?