JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: If you guys like the Fani Willis saga, you're going to love my book. Each chapter is like a mini-chapter on Fani. People like her, their personal drama. Why their personal lives are so chaotic, why they believe what they believe.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: But also watch his show. That's it for us, everyone. Have a great night. Hey, Bret!GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You're terrible.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: This is like the courtroom T.V. version of "THE FIVE."PERINO: We had a good one.BAIER: Thia was really good. OK, thanks, Dana.PERINO: Bye!BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. Breaking tonight, two legal proceedings involving cases against former President Donald Trump, now the front-runner for the 2024 Republican nomination. One, prosecution that is in danger of falling apart with major courtroom drama today, and another that has now been scheduled for trial.In Atlanta, a dramatic hearing to determine whether the Democratic district attorney prosecuting the election interference case should be removed over her romantic relationship with a colleague and the money they spent on vacations together. And in New York, a judge decides whether to delay the former President's trial on allegations he tried to bury stories about extramarital activities.We have Fox team coverage tonight. Nate Foy is in New York telling us what the judge has decided, how that went down, but we begin in Atlanta with Correspondent Steve Harrigan with the latest on a long day in court. Good evening, Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Fani Willis really took everybody by surprise today. The D.A. had fought a subpoena for several days to appear but instead she decided herself to take the stand this afternoon. It did not take long for emotions to run high.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, FULTON COUNTY: Let's be clear because you've lied in this. Let me tell you which one you lied in right here. I think you lied right here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your Honor --WILLIS: No, no, no, no. This is the truth, Judge. It is a lie. It is a lie.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN: Nathan Wade, the prosecutor that Willis hired, was grilled from hours on the stand. They wanted to know when that relationship between Willis and Wade began. Wade insisted that that relationship began only after he was hired. But the defense produced a witness who claimed Wade and Willis relationship began long before Wade was hired.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And did you observe them do things that are in common among people having a romantic relationship?ROBIN BRYANT YEARTIE, FORMER FRIEND OF FANI WILLIS: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Such as? Can you give us an example?YEARTIE: Hugging, kissing, just affection.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All of -- all of before November 1st of 2021, correct?YEARTIE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN: Their finances came under scrutiny as well. Nathan Wade said that generally when the two travel together, he said he used his credit card and Willis paid him back in cash with no receipts ever given. When challenged, Willis pushed back hard.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did you go down to the ATM with Miss Willis while she drew out $2,794 to pay you in cash that you do -- did she -- did you go to the ATM with her?NATHAN WADE, SPECIAL PROSECUTOR, FULTON COUNTY: No, sir. She didn't go to the ATM. She carried the cash.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, and so, she would give you the cash. Did you have a little place in your house where you just stack up all this cash?WILLIS: You're confused. You think I'm on trial. These people are on trial for trying to steal an election in 2020. I'm not on trial no matter how hard you try to put me on trial.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN: Now, this hearing was broadcast all day and a time some uncomfortable intimate details of the relationship were asked about.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CRAIG GILLEN, SHAFER ATTORNEY: Let's just get down to it. Did you or did you not by May the 30th 2023 have had sexual relations with Miss Willis, yes or no. Yes or no.WADE: Yes.GILLEN: OK.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN: The judge has warned that both Willis and Wade risk disqualification. The hearing starts again tomorrow 9:00 a.m. Bret, back to you.BAIER: All right, Steve, we'll talk more about this in just a minute. Thank you.Former President Trump's hush money trial will begin as scheduled late next month. That is the ruling from a New York judge who rejected a request for a delay from the Trump legal team. Correspondent Nate Foy has details on that story from New York tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): The first criminal trial ever involving a former U.S. president will start next month in New York with jury selection set to begin March 25th just under three weeks after Super Tuesday.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They want to rush it because they want to get it desperately before the election. They wouldn't have brought this except for the fact -- no way except for the fact I'm running for president and doing well.FOY (voiceover): Manhattan district attorney Alvin Bragg said after today's hearing, "We are pleased that the court denied the defense's motion to dismiss. We look forward to presenting our case in court."Bragg argues Trump mislabeled reimbursements to his former attorney, Michael Cohen, for hush money payments made to adult film actress Stormy Daniels and former Playboy model Karen McDougall. But to charge Trump with a felony, Bragg will have to prove the former president did that to conceal another crime, a crime Bragg didn't specify in the indictment but prosecutors say involves federal and state campaign finance violations.RONALD W. CHAPMAN II, LEGAL ANALYST: It seems to me here that Trump is getting different treatment. He's the front-runner for the Republican Party. This is obviously of huge national importance and interest that he be able to campaign, but that apparently isn't sufficient reason for this judge.FOY (voiceover): Trump maintains he never broke the law.TRUMP: This all comes down in Washington. They want to keep me nice and busy so I can't campaign so hard. But maybe we won't have to campaign so hard because the other side is incompetent.FOY (voiceover): With the South Carolina primary nine days away, Trump promises to legally defend himself by day and campaign at night while his competition, former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said, "All of this chaos will only lead to more losses for Republicans up and down the ticket."(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): The trial is expected to last six weeks. Trump faces 34 felony counts, each one punishable by up to four years in prison. If convicted, the former president would not be able to pardon himself even if he retakes the white house because this is a state case. Bret?BAIER: Nate Foy in New York. Nate, thanks.An FBI informant who is a major player in the Hunter Biden investigation is now facing a federal indictment. Correspondent David Spunt has the latest on this breaking news from the Justice Department. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. And this is breaking just within the last hour and a half or so. Special Counsel David Weiss who's investigating Hunter Biden is charging a former FBI informant with lying to the FBI about alleged bribes accepted by Joe Biden and Hunter Biden $5 million each and allegedly accepting them from associates tied to Ukrainian energy company, Burisma.This man, his name is Alexander Smirnov, 43 years old, arrested at the Las Vegas Airport today just hours ago. The indictment says Smirnov told FBI agents that both Hunter Biden and Joe Biden were paid $5 million a piece in bribes to help keep a Ukrainian prosecutor from looking into the company Burisma.The allegations were noted on a form used by FBI sources. And last summer, Republicans on Capitol Hill wanted the form so badly they threatened FBI Director Christopher Wray with contempt of Congress. The form was eventually viewed by members of both parties in a secure area.Oversight Chairman James Comer who's leading the impeachment inquiry into President Biden pushed for access from late last spring to early summer. We reached out to his office and he says, "When asked by the committee about their confidence in the confidential human source, meaning Mr. Smirnov, the FBI told the committee the confidential human source was credible and trusted and had worked with the FBI for over a decade and had been paid six figures. The FBI's actions in this matter are very concerning."Comer added, he plans to continue his impeachment inquiry. We reached out to the FBI for comment and we're sent to Special Counsel David Weiss' office, his office points us to the indictment. Bret, important to point out tonight that Hunter Biden is still facing two Federal criminal cases, one in Delaware on federal gun charges and one in California on tax charges. But no doubt welcome news from the Biden camp, both the Joe Biden camp and Hunter Biden camp. Bret?BAIER: David, another topic. Now, DOJ is defending Special Counsel Hur's report. We saw a lot of pushback against that, special counsel report from President Biden, the White House, all kinds of criticism. Now, the DOJ is pushing back against that.SPUNT: That's exactly right. And we obtained this letter from the DOJ to the White House sent to the White House Counsel's Office defending Robert Hur saying, and I want to read in part, that the identified language in the Hur report is neither gratuitous nor unduly prejudicial because it is not offered to criticize or demean the President.You remember -- may remember just one week ago today, President Biden who was furious, gave a statement to the press at the White House when he says that Hur asked about his son's death and raised the issue including the fact that the President was unfamiliar with the date. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's even reference that I don't remember when my son died. How in the hell dare he raise that? Frankly, when I was asked the question, I thought to myself it wasn't any of their damn business.(END VIDEO CLIP)SPUNT: That was a week ago. But two sources familiar tell Fox News, Bret, that it was actually President Biden who raised the issue about Beau's death and Robert Hur did not raise the issue specifically. Now, we a wait to see this transcript is indeed released to the public to see what was actually said in that conversation, Bret.BAIER: And that DOJ letter did not make its way to the White House Press Corps today. David, thank you.SPUNT: Thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: From everything that you saw, heard, witnessed, it's your understanding that they were in a romantic relationship beginning in 2019?YEARTIE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: That's Fanny Willis' former friend and employee confirming this romantic relationship that had been denied. Remember, Fani Willis contradicts Willis's claim in court that she and Wade uh had been professional Associates and friends since 2019. There was no personal relationship she said between her and Wade in November 2021 at the time of Wade's appointment. Nathan Wade that is on that trial team.Joining us now with legal perspective on our top story is attorney Philip Holloway. Philip, it has been quite a day watching this courtroom drama unfold. What's your assessment at the end of all of this with Fani Willis's testimony?PHILIP HOLLOWAY, ATTORNEY: Well, great to be with you again, Bret. Listen, this was quite frankly an embarrassing spectacle. It was a display uh of hubris. This was the kind of behavior that -- and demeanor that you really wouldn't expect to see from a legal professional, certainly not someone who builds themselves as an objective and fair-minded prosecutor.Instead, Fani Willis came into the courtroom. She was obviously mad. She had a mission. She was on a mission to defend her paramour from the attacks that it appeared that she had been watching. She said under oath that she was not but those of us watching, the reaction was look, she's disobeyed the judge's ruling. She's been listening to this testimony because she came in there really, really hot.Now, I think though that at the end of this, Bret, she may actually prevail on this hearing and let me say why. She gave this testimony, believable or not, I think many can make the argument that it's not believable that she reimbursed Nathan Wade in cash, in untraceable cash for the expenditures that show up on his credit card receipts and his credit card bills for her airfare and for the cost associated with her luxury travel. But nevertheless, the judge is going to perhaps be stuck with those answers with that testimony about cash.It's the kind of thing that quite frankly if I'm the judge, after I've heard this other witness that you showed just a moment ago telling me that the people may have lied about when their affair began, if I'm the judge I'm going to order some type of independent investigation, something that is more thorough, something with more resources than these uh defense attorneys have to bring to this because we need to know if there any way to corroborate this.This is such an outlandish claim that it's the kind of thing that courts really need to get to the bottom of so that we can have confidence in the result here.BAIER: But what does it mean for the case overall. The former President to Fox Digital has weighed in saying there is no case here. It's so badly tainted, there is no case here. There was a perfect phone call. It was perfect. He's talking about with the Secretary of State of Georgia. But by going after Trump, she's able to get her boyfriend more money than they ever dreamed possible.What does this potentially do for this case which is not just the former president, but as you know. 18 other defendants down there?HOLLOWAY: Well, what the defense really needed to do today was prove to the judge's satisfaction that Fani Willis personally financially was enriched by virtue of the no bid contract that she gave to her now admitted paramour. And of course the allegation was that she was enriched by virtue of receiving these travel benefits and having him pay for all of these things. If she can -- if those things had been something that can be conclusively proved, not only could Willis be taken off the case due to conflict of interests, this is the kind of thing that can amount to a due process violation and the conflict of interest could mean that the whole case sinks.However, we got to remember, there are other claims in the motion to dismiss. There's claims of prosecutorial misconduct related to extrajudicial statements, things that she said out of court over and over again in public that the defense says are designed to belittle and to demean and to cast the other defendants in a bad light and essentially to deny them of a fair trial.So, those are all still questions that the judge is going to have to answer and rule on. But the big thing from today other than the ridiculous claims of cash reimbursement in my view was the stunning reveal that witnesses now say that these two were having an affair prior to Fani Willis even taking office. If that is the case, that means they have lied to the court and now we are potentially in disbarment territory, Bret.BAIER: Well, it's something to follow. It's been quite something to watch today. Phil, as always, thank you.HOLLOWAY: You bet.BAIER: Stocks staged a late day rally today that saw the Dow surge 349 points. The S&P 500 gained 29 for a new record close. The NASDAQ was up 47.Up next, the latest on that national security threat involving Russia and nuclear weapons in space.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The Securities and Exchange Commission has cleared the way for a blank check acquisition company's proposed merger with the operator of social media platform Truth Social. Digital World Acquisition Corp is attempting to join with former President Trump's media and technology company. The former President would hold a stake of about 58 percent in that newly formed company. Shares of Digital World Acquisition Corp soared near 30 percent this morning on that news.We have a new twist tonight concerning the uproar over President Biden's interview with the Special Counsel last year. It turns out the President's recall of that session may have been faulty as reported by David Spunt earlier. This occurs as the controversy continues over what is being called a serious national security threat by Russia and how the Biden Administration is dealing with that.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has our coverage live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The White House today confirmed what we learned yesterday that Russia is developing a nuclear capability in space that could be used to take out satellites including uh those that would have far-reaching consequences for the U.S. Military and its operations. But the White House was not ready to take quite so many questions about it.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOHN KIRBY, STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS COORDINATOR, NSC: We're not going to have our hand forced to get out there faster and further than we think is appropriate.HEINRICH (voiceover): The White House shutting down calls from House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Turner to declassify intelligence about a worrisome anti-satellite capability Russia is currently developing and going so far as to suggest that Turner may have compromised intelligence-gathering sources and methods by alerting the public.KIRBY: We're asking ourselves that very question right now.HEINRICH (voiceover): But Turner says the Biden Administration knew his committee including the Democrats voted to alert the full House to the emerging threat.REP. MIKE GARCIA (R-CA): In my 47 uh years of life, this is the most important national security issue that this country has faced.HEINRICH (voiceover): And the Director of National Intelligence even approved Turner's letter to members.HEINRICH: Are you saying that uh the language that he put out in his statement on social media was outside of what ODNI approved?KIRBY: There's a process, Jacqui. It starts with an analysis of whether information can be downgraded safely without violating sources and method. We were already on the sort of the arc of that process when yesterday this information regrettably found its way into the public domain.HEINRICH (voiceover): Leaks about the Russian military tool that followed Turner's notice put the administration in a diplomatic bind with U.S. allies and partners not yet fully briefed.KIRBY: We are in the process of consulting with allies and partners. We are in the process of engaging with Russia about this.HEINRICH (voiceover): Even though Putin said last night he'd prefer Biden win again in 2024.VLADIMIR PUTIN, PRESIDENT, RUSSIA (through translator): Biden. He is more experienced, more predictable. He is an old-school politician.HEINRICH (voiceover): The White House isn't returning the love.KIRBY: Mr. Putin should just stay out of our elections.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): Turner also got some pushback from his colleagues. One even compared him to intelligence leaker, Edward Snowden. And another called for a formal inquiry into his motives for announcing the existence of this information, accusing him of trying to fast-track FISA reauthorization or Ukraine funding. But multiple members who viewed this information told us that this has nothing to do with any legislative battle currently happening on Capitol Hill. This threat has been on the radar for some time and there was a recent cause for urgency around it, Bret.BAIER: We'll talk about that a little bit more in "COMMON GROUND." Jacqui, thank you.Meantime, some political news. Montana Republican Congressman Matt Rosendale says he is withdrawing from the U.S. Senate race in Montana because of former President Donald Trump. Rosendale was vying for the GOP nomination only a few days in to take on the three-term incumbent Democratic Senator John Tester.A short time ago, Rosendale said Mr. Trump's endorsement of primary opponent and former Navy SEAL Tim Sheehy makes the campaign too difficult.Up next, as mentioned, our "COMMON GROUND" segment on the national security threat reportedly posed by Russia's nuclear ambitions in space. Plus, the status of that foreign aid bill. And later, the latest on the shooting at the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl celebration.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KIRBY: This is not an active capability that's been deployed. We are not talking about a weapon that can be used to attack human beings or cause physical destruction here on Earth.DAN HOFFMAN, FORMER CHIEF OF STATION, CIA: One of the things they do well is nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles, space technology. I have no doubt that this is that this is true, and it would represent a threat to civilian communications as well as military command and control.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Tonight in our "Common Ground" segment we discuss the national security implications of the report that Russia is trying to develop a space based nuclear device. Joining us now, Illinois Democratic Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi and Michigan Republican John James. Congressmen, thanks so much.Congressman Krishnamoorthi, can you give us any more than we have heard so far about the threat, how serious it is in your eyes that we are talking about here when it documents Russia?REP. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI, (D-IL) HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE: I think it's a serious threat. I'm supportive of Chairman Turner's decision to encourage other members of Congress to look at the underlying information that informs the threat. I hope that others take advantage of it because we have to kind of tackle this on a bipartisan basis, and then engage with the administration on an informed one as well.BAIER: It's really interesting to see this level of effort to try to be transparent. It's kind of alarming to a lot people who are looking at it.REP. JOHN JAMES, (R-MI) HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE: It should be refreshing. And like I've said many, many times, partisanship should end where our shores begin. When it comes to keeping Americans safe, we have to be on common ground, we have to be nonpartisan. And this is just one of the ways that Congress informing themselves about the risks to Americans that are out there will make us better legislators and better leaders to keep Americans safe.BAIER: But what about the people who are skeptic that this is coming up now, Congressman Krishnamoorthi, that it's all about kind of an effort to make this foreign aid package seem more appealing to some people that may not be going for it?KRISHNAMOORTHI: I respectfully disagree. I mean, Chairman Turner has been consulting with us for literally months at this point about this particular issue. And so this has been in the works for some period of time. This is a unique threat. The Intelligence Committee doesn't take this lightly in sharing it with other members of Congress or encouraging them to look at it. Some threats are very distant. Some don't seem right for discussion. This is not one of them. This is the opposite.BAIER: I want to talk about some things that we can talk about, as a lot of that is classified and we can't talk about it. But some of the infighting over the foreign aid bill, there has been a lot of focus on Republicans and the split over Ukraine aid. There is some split on your side as well, on the Democratic side. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. PETER WELCH, (D-VT): I cannot send more taxpayer dollars to support Prime Minister Netanyahu's continued bombardment in the wholesale destruction of Gaza.SEN. BERNIE SANDERS, (I-VT): We are complicit. This is not just an Israeli war. It is an American war.REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL, (D-WA): I can't support that bill with aid to Israel in it, no.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So let me start with you, Congressman Krishnamoorthi. Do you think that this is in danger as far as getting through, this foreign aid package that came over from the Senate?KRISHNAMOORTHI: I hope not. I don't think so. If we want to be tough on China, you can't be weak in your support of friends, partners, and allies. You just can't, because that is exactly the source of weakness that our adversaries like Vladimir Putin or Xi Jinping are looking for, and they will pounce. And we can't allow that to happen.BAIER: Congressman James, on the Republican side, there's been a lot of focus on worry about the Ukraine aid, that this is tapped out, that there's too much that's going out the door that is not transparent. What do you say to your fellow Republicans on this bill?JAMES: This is easy. This is the greatest country that's ever existed, and if we want to prove it, we have to do multiple things at once. We have to secure our border. Have to take control back from the cartels and make sure we keep Americans safe. But we also have to keep our word to our allies. We also have to make sure that Russia doesn't get a "W" in Europe. Yes, that is in our vital national interest to make sure that Russia and communism doesn't continue to spread. But it's also in the vital national interest for the president of the United States to clearly articulate to the American people a mission, objectives, and an end state with transparency and accountability up and down the line.BAIER: So Congressman James, do you agree with your colleague there across the aisle that there could be enough votes to figure out how to get this across the finish line?JAMES: Look, America exists because our European allies took a chance on America. I don't think that in their time of need with Russia rattling its saber that we turn our backs. But at the same time, again, we must secure our own border, and we have to stick with our allies.BAIER: Congressman Krishnamoorthi, ending with this. You have found a partner here across the aisle on a couple of things. Is that happening more and more?KRISHNAMOORTHI: Yes. This is the unreported story. I'm so glad that you are covering our partnership. Basically, John and I care very much about this issue. We introduced something called the Opportunity to Compete Act, Bret. And basically, what it does is it addresses the problem of what I call discrimination against people without a four-year college degree. They are skilled through alternative routes, otherwise known as STARS, but they face a paper ceiling. They can't get the jobs that they're qualified for based on their skills merely because they don't have a piece of paper called a diploma.And so what we are saying is, look, if you are going to use automated recruiting software that filters people just based on whether they have a diploma or not, you've got to give them a chance to prove up their qualifications in other ways, whether it's through their military experience, technical training, or their life experiences. And it's just common sense and something that John and I care deeply about.BAIER: Well, we'll follow that. Congressmen, we appreciate the time coming on common ground.JAMES: Of course.KRISHNAMOORTHI: Thank you.BAIER: You can see all of the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the big umbrella, Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see the discussion on the FOX News YouTube page.Up next, new information on the deadly shooting at the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl parade.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 11 in Los Angeles as a big rig explosion involving natural gas injured several firefighters, at least two critically, in the Wilmington area. Officials say the explosion occurred in a tank of compressed natural gas that was part of a truck's fuel system.FOX 24 in Charleston with the auction of the home where Alex Murdaugh's wife and son spent their last night before being killed. Murdaugh was convicted of their murders. The starting bid for that estate, $1.1 million.And this is a live look at Orlando from our affiliate FOX 35. One of the big stories there tonight, a SpaceX rocket blasts off as the U.S. attempts to return to the moon's surface for the first time since the end of the Apollo program. The lunar lander is expected to touch down one week from today. A previous attempt ended last month after a ruptured fuel tank caused the spacecraft to break up over the Pacific.That is tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Breaking tonight, investigators probing Wednesday's tragic shooting at Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl celebration are dismissing speculation about domestic terrorism. They are also praising some spectators who tried to stop the incident from becoming even worse. Correspondent Jeff Paul is in Kansas City with details tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: In a moment of pure panic in Kansas City, it wasn't just police who ran toward the shots. Investigators saying it was also Chiefs fans who were there to celebrate the Super Bowl win.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We tackled him.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We tackled him. Yes.PAUL: Police thanking these bystanders for stepping in, saying they acted bravely, physically stopping a person they believe might be involved in the mass shooting. Some of those selfless attendees, Trey and Casey Filter.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I hear somebody yelling "Get him!" I look to my left, I see a flash. I tackle that individual.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The guy fell and kind of landed right at my feet. So I looked down and I just immediately thought that I needed to get out of the way.PAUL: Police do not believe there were any ties to terrorism or extremism, saying it appears to be a dispute between several people that ended in gunfire. But those shots took the life of a local beloved D.J. and mother of two, Lisa Lopez-Galvan. More than 20 others were hurt including nine kids who were shot. All of those children are expected to recover.QUINTON LUCAS, MAYOR, KANSAS CITY: I do think that there is a gun violence challenge in this community and many others.PAUL: K.C. Mayor Quinton Lucas knows the stats -- 2023 was a record year for homicides in the city, but roughly 90 percent involve firearms. Mayor Lucas says his city can do better.LUCAS: We had a good plan and we had a lot of officers, and we had snipers with cameras and all of that, but we didn't get the job done in terms of keeping people safe. And that will pain me greatly for some time.(END VIDEO TAPE)PAUL (on camera): Police haven't named any suspects, only saying they've detained two people for questioning who are juveniles. But they made it clear that anyone found responsible for this mass shooting will be held accountable. Bret?BAIER: Jeff, thank you.Tonight, we take you on tour some of the ghost towns in Israel's north following the October 7th massacre by Hamas terrorists. Meanwhile, the fighting in parts of Gaza has intensified. Senior correspondent Mike Tobin is in northern Israel this evening.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Bloodshed in the Gaza Strip with Israeli special forces storming the largest functioning hospital in the Strip. An IDF spokesman says October 7th attackers hid in Nasser Hospital.REAR ADMIRAL DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAEL DEFENSE FORCES: There may be bodies of our hostages in the Nasser Hospital facility.TOBIN: Fighting in the north of Israel reached its greatest intensity since the terror attack still threatening to open a second front with Hezbollah. A rocket from Lebanon struck deep inside Israel Tuesday, wounding eight and killing a soldier. Israel responded with airstrikes and says a Hezbollah commanders and two operatives were killed. Lebanese sources say civilians died. As Hezbollah strikes back with more rocket fire, Israel's defense minister threatened the Iranian proxy is taking the same risk as Hamas.YOAV GALLANT, ISRAELI DEFENSE MINISTER (through translator): We can do copy-paste from Gaza to Beirut. We don't want to get there.TOBIN: Caught in the middle are the civilians in Israel's north -- 60,000 people have fled from towns like Kieroch-Moana (ph).SARIT ZEHAVI, ALMA RESEARCH AND EDUCATION CENTER: Every day there are attacks coming from Lebanon of missiles, mortars, UAVs rockets, anti-tanks, which are accurate missiles.TOBIN: In 2006 Israel was at war with Hezbollah. About 50 percent of this town evacuated for around two weeks. Now 90 percent of the town is gone. It has lasted four months. Hezbollah's leader vows Israel will pay the price.ARIEL FRISH, RESIDENT: This is not life. And what the government need to do is tell the IDF to go and take care of Hezbollah because there is -- will be no other solution.(END VIDEO TAPE)TOBIN (on camera): Rockets were incoming most of the night here in Israel's north. Fight jets responded. In the south of the country, residents of kibbutz Nir Oz confirmed another one of the hostages taken on October 7th, Yair Yaakov, has died. His remains are being held by Hamas. Bret?BAIER: Mike Tobin in northern Israel. Mike, thank you.Up next, the panel on the Trump legal cases in Atlanta and New York, and President Biden's memory of his special counsel interview.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have no doubt that their romantic relationship was in effect from 2019 to the last time you spoke with her?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No doubt.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You don't have a single, solitary deposit slip to corroborate or support any of your allegations that you were paid by Mrs. Willis in cash, do you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, sir.FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I am not a hostile witness. I very much want to be here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not so much you are hostile, Miss Willis. It would be an adverse witness. Your interests are opposed to Miss Merchant's.WILLIS: Ms. Merchant's is contrary to democracy, your honor, not to mine.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Fani Willis taking the stand in Atlanta today. Here is how "The Wall Street Journal" phrased it -- framed it this morning, "Faces the judge, lawfare as politics is risky business as Democrats are discovering. Fani Willis, the Fulton County, Georgia, prosecutor who has brought charges against Donald Trump faces her own judicial reckoning Thursday over an alleged conflict of interest. If the case now collapses in an ethical ash heap, it will play into Mr. Trump's campaign claims that he is the victim of partisan prosecutorial abuse."With that, let's bring in our panel, Harold Ford Jr., former Tennessee Congressman, co-host of THE FIVE, Olivia Beavers, congressional reporter for "Politico," and Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner." Byron, I will tell you what, it was a long day of watching courtroom drama, and I don't think we've seen that kind of testimony in a while, let alone from a D.A. What about it?BYRON YORK, CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT, "THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER": It was a lot of kind of sordid talk in this whole thing about when Fani Willis and Nathan Wade actually began an affair, or did they have sex before this date or after this date. All of this stuff, and all of this talk about money. And in the sound that you played, there's a really interesting thing going on. She talked about dealing a lot, a lot of her personal finances, doing them in case because her father had taught her to keep a lot of cash in her house, which of course, makes it really hard to prove what anybody is saying if money was transacted in cash.I personally am really, really more interested in these reports, of course, that Nathan Wade had met with the Biden White House Counsel's office. I want to find out what is going on there. But you can't tell which way the judge is going to go in this, but we do know, I think, that Fani Willis has damaged her reputation considerably today.BAIER: Yes. Olivia, it was quite something, and that's the crux of it, is the money being used for all these vacations. By the way, a prosecutor who takes these vacations in the middle of a RICO trial, I think there were seven of them a lot they detailed. There were a lot of vacations to Belize and Napa and other places. But your thoughts on this and whether this really could endanger that entire case against the former president and 18 others?OLIVIA BEAVERS, "POLITICO": Well, I mean, it's a pretty significant moment if you step back and look at it, because here you have the top prosecutor trying to make a case against a former president and the likely Republican nominee about January 6th, and now she is in the hotseat. And it was coming as, basically, one of her lawyers was saying that she was not going to testify. And then she walks in and she comes in, and we have this sort of moment where I think reporters were wondering when they were watching this, am I covering a soap opera or am I covering a court of law?And so I think it is a significant moment, and if Donald Trump's team was trying to make their case that they are being attacked, well, they were really able to change the narrative.BAIER: As we look at the calendar, it is still a big part of this story, and that is in between the elections and the primary dates that we have will be major court dates, including now the case in New York that will go to trial, the criminal case, the hush money case, March 25th. The former president commenting outside the courtroom after that judge made the decision today. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: This is no crime. But outside, right outside that courthouse, this courthouse, people are being murdered. So it's a very unfair situation. They want to keep me nice and busy so I can't campaign so hard. But maybe we won't have to campaign so hard, because the other side is incompetent.It's election interference by Biden because it's the only way he can think to get elected.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It is like planes coming into Dulles. They are ling up one after another, Harold.HAROLD FORD JR., FORMER TENNESSEE REPRESENTATIVE: First, thanks for having me on. I think tomorrow, to Olivia's point, I think after we see some of the things that will happen in President Trump's matter, that will probably displace what happened today. I would agree with one thing and disagree with one. I think this a tough day, as Byron said, for Fani Willis personally.Legally, as I listened to it, it was sordid, I think the word was used. It was things that I didn't want to be seeing on television. But I don't know if her testimony or Mr. Wade's testimony, at least what we've heard so far, is testimony that would make you believe the claimant is filing, which is Miss Willis brought this case against President Trump to enrich herself and Mr. Wade. I haven't seen evidence, and I don't know -- maybe evidence will be presented to suggest that or prove that.But there's no doubt that this is embarrassing, personally. And, frankly, I was a little surprised at how detailed and specific the line of questioning got about the kind of relationship that Miss Willis and Mr. Wade apparently had, or I don't know if they still have it, but certainly had it.BAIER: Yes. It was definitely sordid, and we will sort it out as the rest of the week unfolds.I want to turn to the special counsel report of President Biden and the mishandling of classified documents, Byron. Real pushback from the White House, and the president himself, about what was in that report, the Special Counsel Hur's report. Here's what he said in part about that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There is even reference that I don't remember when my son died. How in the hell dare he raise that? Frankly, when I was asked the question, I thought to myself, it wasn't any of their damn business.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, we have confirmed this NBC News report now. "Biden attacked Hur for asking when Beau dyed. But Hur never asked that question. According to two people familiar with Hur's five-hour interview with the president over two days last October, it was the president, not Hur or his team, who first introduced Beau Biden's death, they said." We don't have the transcript, but we have a confirmed that element of the story, Byron.YORK: Yes, that was the emotional core of the president's pushback. We all know from listening to him for years that he does often speak of his late son Beau, and when he said how dare Hur raise that in the questioning. And then if it turns out he didn't raise it, that Biden himself raised it, that's a big deal.Now, Republicans in Congress are asking for the transcript of this. They are going to have Hur come and testify to the House. And the White House is trying to push back by saying, well, the transcript would cover classified information, maybe something that's covered by executive privilege, we can't really give it out. Well, it seems like there is really a fairly simple way to deal with this, and which is to at least see the portions of the transcript that deal with this contested story.BAIER: I think it's going to be a battle to come, panel, ahead. Thanks so much.Finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Just getting better and getting back home and playing in front of our fans and executing the way we know we can execute I think is very important for this team.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It is a big night in Iowa City, potentially record-breaking game for Iowa Hawkeye star Caitlin Clark. She is on track to top the women's division one college basketball scoring record currently held by Kelsey Plum who played at the University of Washington. Clark is just seven points shy of the mark. Iowa hosts Michigan this evening.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, we will look that the foreign fighting, and we'll also talk to retired General Jack Keane. Plus, the president heads to East Palestine, Ohio.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is now.