NEIL LEVESQUE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, NH INSTITUTE OF POLITICS: He's been in the public eye for quite a while here and yet, this continues despite all the controversy, courtrooms, everything else, he's got the glue with these voters.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Indeed he does. Neil, good seeing you again.Following all of that, a lot at stake, continuing coverage. First, THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and New Hampshire. And this is THE FIVE.Well, they got here and the GOP primary went down to two. We are just one day away from the high-stakes Republican primary in New Hampshire. All eyes on Donald Trump and Nikki Haley. They are the last few candidates standing after a massive shake-up in the race. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis dropping out and endorsing the former president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): It's clear to me that a majority of Republican primary voters want to give Donald Trump another chance.Trump is superior to the current incumbent Joe Biden. That is clear. I signed a pledge to support the Republican nominee and I will honor that pledge.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: So, who is going to come out on top tomorrow? The latest polls from New Hampshire show Trump is ahead by nearly 20 points. The former president getting 57 percent of the vote when compared to 38 percent Nikki Haley gets. And here's President Trump sounding off on the race.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Somebody said, what are you going to do with the name DeSanctimonious. I said that name is officially retired as of this moment, we are retiring that name.He -- totally, as far as I'm concerned. Look, the endorsement. I would say that with Nikki, I haven't done anything. I'm very upset with her. She said I would never run. He was a great president. I would -- she worked for me like for 2.5 years. And she was OK. Not great. She was OK.But she said to everybody. In fact, when she left, I would never run against the president.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And Nikki Haley might be banking on some Democrats and independents to save the day. According to a new report from Politico, they say that a handful of left leaning groups have popped up across New Hampshire with the goal of persuading the state's undeclared voters who make up 42 percent of the voting population and are eligible to vote in either party's primary to back Haley. The former South Carolina governor hitting the trail heart ramping up her attacks on Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO U.N.: It is a fact that you decline over time, it is a fact that you slow down and what I'm saying is the country is in disarray. The world is on fire. We need somebody who's going to be at the top of their game.You've got Donald Trump in a courtroom today. And you've got him and Joe Biden giving us more of the same.They are both talking about grievances of the past, vendettas and their investigations. We need a new generational conservative leader that's going to be focused on how we're going to get America back on track for our kids.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Jesse Watters here in New Hampshire with me, and then our great crew there in New York, so it's going to be a good five.Jesse, let me start with you. Nikki Haley had said for a long time she wanted to get this to a two person race, she did that. Is it in time for her to make a big dent tomorrow night?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, I just want to know what Gutfeld's wearing. He looks like he's in New Hampshire, and I'm in Manhattan.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I found it in your closet.WATTERS: Stay out of my closet, Gutfeld. It's just so different to see these two men, Biden you have if you cross him, he'll indict you or deny you Secret Service protection.But if you cross Trump, it's about honor, then he lives by a different code, where if he does something for you, and you are perceived as disloyal, perhaps you've been appointed to a cabinet position or have been endorsed and gotten the gubernatorialship because of his endorsement, you're not allowed to run against him.And so, then you'll get a nickname. But all of a sudden, if you drop out and endorse and the nickname's over.And I would assume, and you know, Jessica, that I never make predictions anymore. But just for the sake of argument, if Nikki does not win eventually does have to suspend and endorse, I'm sure, bird brain will be retired and everything can come together and we can get it together. That's not a book plug, I just happened to say that.But this is barbaric, this politics stuff. And Nikki also has to be careful because she can't be too vicious and savagely attacked the president as being mentally incapacitated, just in the way Democrats wouldn't do that to Joe Biden, or go after Hunter because you don't want to hand the other side too much ammo, where you wound them so drastically, that they end up limping into the general.So, I'm not telling her how to run her campaign, but I am. So she just has to calculate what's best for her and see over the horizon and see what's good for the party as a whole long term.PERINO: Judge Jeanine, what's on your mind today?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Well, you know, I think it's interesting that Nikki Haley comes out and she says, you know, we need someone who's really on top of their game, when she was the one who was asked what was the cause of the Civil War and she floundered that so badly. I mean, a third grader could have answered it better, better than she did.And you know, she may have a false sense of confidence now, given that the New Hampshire primary involves independent voters who make up 40 percent of the electorate, and they can vote for either major party candidate, so it's in their interest to vote for Nikki so that Trump doesn't look as strong, because Trump really is the one that they don't want to run against.And you know, she can drag out Judge Judy, but there are other judges who don't think she's necessarily the best candidate.But having said all that, I think Nikki's days are coming to an end. If she -- if Trump beats her in double digits, then she's out of New Hampshire, because she goes to South Carolina, she can't even win in her own state where she was the governor.You've got Tim Scott, the senator, you've got Nancy Mace, you got the governor, now the lieutenant governor, everyone in South Carolina is supporting Donald Trump.So, she can talk about how this is a two-person race when it was a three- person race. But the truth is that I don't think she's got a lot of support going forward.I do want to mention one thing about Donald Trump, and I was very impressed the way he handled Ron DeSantis stepping out of the race, you know, it was almost like, for all the noise, that was a whisper, that DeSantis just kind of left and I thought Trump was very nice to him.But more importantly, I was impressed with the fact that Donald Trump former President Trump talked about Casey DeSantis. And he gave her kudos. He said she worked very hard. She's a lovely woman. And I mean, I kind of liked that, you know, let's come together all of us.And let's just say this. If he gets to 60, it's over for her. She's out. She's gone.PERINO: Gutfeld in the jacket. What do you think?GUTFELD: Yes, I just want to congratulate Jessica on a successful transition.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Did you call me -- did you call me Jessica?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: I think he was talking about Jessica, who's somewhere in here.WATTERS: Yes, I saw her earlier.GUTFELD: Yes. All right. you know, I want to look back at like, Ron DeSantis. Because I think, you know, even though the campaign wasn't the best, he actually did a great job. And he did a great service. He basically stress-tested Trump and remove the what ifs from 2024.You know, you have the -- you have the Never Trump errs and the naysayers who said, you know, if only we had a competent alternative, right? If we have a normal candidate, you know, as an option to Trump. All we want is an alternative to Trump.Well, you got it, you got the best damn governor in the country. And it didn't make a dent and it is pretty impressive. DeSantis just reeks of competence. He succeeds wherever he goes. And yet, it still didn't happen. And it's because it's probably not the right time for him and it's the right time again for Trump. It feels inevitable. And despite all the obstacles of the media and the law fair and the comp -- and the competitors, Trump still like breezing to the finish line.I have a metaphor. So many people are pushing electric vehicles on the American public, but the American public still prefers the gas guzzler. Doesn't make the E.V.s bad. It just means that the E.V.s, this isn't their time yet.And so, Trump is basically -- he's like a red, white and blue 10 ton big rig blaring free bird as it rolls over every woke Prius in its path.You know, DeSantis is just a great car. But he'll be needed later, just not right now.PERINO: I liked the metaphor very much.Harold Ford Jr., your political analysis is we're down to two candidates in New Hampshire, the last time we were here, there were so many in 2016. I think there's still eight left in the race.FORD JR.: There's no doubt about it. Good to be back around a table, even in this table. We got going here today.A couple of things, New Hampshire has been a place where you get surprises sometimes. I mean, Dana, you recall, I think we talked about it a week or so ago, McCain beat W in New Hampshire after W had won Iowa. Heartbeat, Mondale, Hillary Clinton beat Obama and even Trump back in 16 beat Cruz after Cruz had won Iowa.So, you don't -- you don't quite know. And it'd be interesting to see they have those rules up there where Democrats can vote in Republican primaries, and vice versa. So, we'll see what happens.But the polling data has been pretty consistent and been pretty accurate. And it looks like the president at 15 or former president at 15, 20 points ahead is interesting. And looks like he may hold it.I slightly differ with Greg on to DeSantis in this regard, I don't disagree with his competence. I don't disagree with the fact that I would have campaigned differently. He's making faces at me. I would have campaigned definitely if I were him.But for whatever reason, it didn't work. And you have to wonder if in four years it will work. Maybe it will. Maybe the car analogy is the exact right one.But he reminds me of, you know, we had these candidates every four years and most of the time on the Republican side, we had Scott Walker here when he was supposed to be unbeatable or invincible. It just-- it didn't -- it didn't happened.Donald Trump, whatever you want to say about a Democrat or Republican, is one of the best political athletes that we've seen in any era. And he has shown that again.Again, I'll come back to how he was so conciliatory and magnanimous the night of he won in Iowa.The question came out again, as he watched DeSantis, as we watched DeSantis get out the race, and I thought DeSantis's exit from the race, his speech was the best speech I've heard him give during the campaign.And campaigns are funny. You know, you want to go on, but if you can't raise money, and you think you're going to be threatened or threatened, you imperil your chance to raise money going forward, you get out of these races.We're about to, I think, come tomorrow night, see the beginning of the longest presidential campaign in the history of the country, because I think President Trump will win tomorrow.PERINO: Harold, can I ask you something real quick before we go to break?FORD JR.: Sure.PERINO: What is Wall Street thinking right now about these two candidates, Biden and Trump?FORD JR.: Well, I'm reading, I don't -- I can't speak for all but I saw where Nikki Haley still has a fundraiser planned by some of the great minds on the street and some of the great financiers of I think early next week.But if she doesn't do well, I think you're going to hear -- there's going to be a lot of pressure for her to do what DeSantis did, which is to get out.PERINO: Dana, can I ask you a question? What are --what's the thinking on Sesame Street?PERINO: You're asking me?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Well, I wasn't able to go there today but I'm really looking forward to it tomorrow.GUTFELD: OK.WATTERS: Greg, can I ask you a question?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: What's the thinking on Brokeback Mountain?PERINO: What do you mean we got to go? I think we should keep going.Coming up, Democrats are hoping to save President Biden from an embarrassing loss in New Hampshire with a write-in campaign.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Grab your pencils, Democrats, today is the last day for Biden supporters to convince folks in New Hampshire to write in the name Joe Biden, after Joe took his name off the ballot to prioritize the race in South Carolina, you follow that?The secretary of state's office says as long as the intent of the name is clear, the vote will likely count for Biden. We're not sure if the big guy or corn pop was a bad dude will make the cut. But it's a fun little way to make sure Biden wins the primary and avoid an embarrassing loss to Democratic challenger Dean Phillips.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DEAN PHILLIPS (D-MN): Sadly, it's going to demonstrate that our incumbent president is unelectable and weak. And I think it's going to show this country that there's a candidate here who can actually do what has been promised for generations.I think Joe Biden is a good man. But to your point, he's not standing in front of the press. He's not here meeting voters. He's not answering questions. He's not doing town halls and he won't do debates.I think he's a good man. I don't think he has a cognitive issue. But he's eight -- he's 81 years old, he's in decline.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Meanwhile, recent polls indicate that black voters are souring on Biden over issues like the economy but Jim Clyburn wants to blame that on misinformation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMES CLYBURN (D-SC): I'm concerned with the reporting of this, yes. When I see those numbers, my goodness, if there's any truth to the numbers, which I don't believe them, because I talk to black people all the time, but I don't know where those numbers are coming from.But when you ask a question, and someone is basing their opinion on incomplete information, or misinformation, there's a lot of misinformation going on out here. There are a lot of things being said that's just not true.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You know, I also talk to black people all the time i.e. Harold. What do you -- do you actually believe that it's misinformation?FORD JR.: I don't, I take polls for when you -- when you when you see a poll, you got to -- if you don't believe that it may be right, you got to look at the particulars of it. I think that poll is probably accurate.I do think that once you get into a join race between Trump and Biden, maybe those numbers change a bit, but I think we ignore those numbers at our own peril.We've said on his show for many times, and I have, like I think if six months from today the economy is better. Consumer sentiment is improving and it is improving right now. If he continues on this path, any incumbent president would be in a much better position as they head into a general election.If gas prices, I think that is a big moniker where that is on Memorial Day. We'll have a big say or I should say, it's an indicator of what may happen in the election.But it is -- it is I think short-sighted and maybe misguided and I think president -- President Obama has even shared with President Biden that he's got to think about this thing more seriously. And the campaign has got to be more agile, and you got to be more substantive and speak to these voters.This is the right way to lose these voters. The correct way to go about this is to believe the poll and to craft a strategy to help reverse those numbers.GUTFELD: Judge, so there's this whole write-in effort. Do you think Joe forgot that he was behind this changed at the beginning and he doesn't remember?PIRRO: I'm so glad you asked me that question, Greg. Because here's the deal. Joe Biden decides he wants to change the rules. For 100 years, New Hampshire has been the first state to presidential primary, OK?So, Joe gets his pals at the DNC to change the rules. You know, the DNC, they're the ones who like helped Hillary along and got rid of Sanders, you remember this, right? I mean, that's not a question, that's just -- it's rhetorical, OK?So, he directs the DNC to change the rules, so South Carolina goes first. Why? Because South Carolina is where he wins with Jim Clyburn and according to this guy, Phillips, if you're 81 and in decline, Clyburn's 83, and then that decline that might explain why he doesn't understand the polls.So, he directs the DNC to have South Carolina go first. But then he says, oh, my gosh, since New Hampshire has a state law, which requires that they go now, he says, OK, what we're going to do is we're going to make sure that we get people to write me in so I don't lose to Williamson and Dean Phillips.So, people in New Hampshire saying, poor Joe, the DNC change it, New Hampshire won't go along. No, Joe changed it.So, here we go. The DNC says no delegates will be awarded based on what happens in New Hampshire. And Biden is unwilling to debate, he doesn't even want to be in New Hampshire. He's not going to go there. He wants to be coordinated. And we know what happened the last time the last Democratic candidate wanted to be coordinated, that would be Hillary.So anyway, as it relates to Clyburn, OK. 50 -- if you're under 50, 32 percent of the blacks are with you. And if you're over 50, 65 percent are with you. And that's a real problem for Joe Biden. I don't think he's going to do as well as he thinks he's going to do in South Carolina.GUTFELD: Jesse, so Joe's asking people to write in his name, perhaps because that's what Jill does on his nametag in case he ever gets lost. Would you be filling in Joe Biden's name? Would you vote?WATTERS: No, in the interest of full transparency, my uncle is in charge of the write-in for Biden campaign here in New Hampshire. He's a Democrat, you guessed it, state senator here. And I just got off the phone with him. And he said they had to do it because the rule is in the state constitution, they have to have a primary. The DNC made a dumb decision. And they just wanted to show their support for Joe Biden. So they raise money for signs and for all the grassroots efforts.I say, is this thing going to be close? Is he barely going to put away this Dean character? And he goes, I don't care. If he wins by one vote, it's fine with me.And Greg, I also talk to black people too. And Harold tells me that black Americans are not happy with Joe Biden, the only thing that they've delivered to the black community is illegals.GUTFELD: There you go.FORD JR.: I got to write that down.GUTFELD: Last word to you, Dana. Writing in my name, is that -- is that effective campaigning?PERINO: It's actually a good idea. I mean, why not? Give it a shot. Gutfeld is easy to spell.Interesting, I heard today from this guy we had on newsroom. His name is Nikola Vague (PH), and he's part of the New Hampshire Institute of Politics. And apparently, when they first put out the advertisement about doing the write-in campaign, they spelled Biden's name wrong. You might be why you could just mark an X and they'll be like, OK, cool. That's for Biden.It is embarrassing for Biden to have to do this. You'd listen to the far- left members and activists of his party who said New Hampshire is just too white. What's interesting is that New Hampshire has a lot of history. Well, we've already established that but there are many college-educated white people who live in New Hampshire and that is making up a big part of the president's base. So he should want to make sure that they are happy.I do think Biden might eke it out, but we're talking about the how New Hampshire can often surprise. Maybe the surprise isn't on the Republican side this time around it could be on the Democratic side. I'll be watching that and Bill Hemmer at the billboard tomorrow.GUTFELD: All righty then. Coming up, Joe Biden makes a stunning admission on the open border, but wants to blame Republicans for it.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: President Biden finally speaking some truth about the border he left wide open, but as usual, it comes too little too late.After letting in millions of illegal immigrants, the big guy is finally admitting that our southern border is not secure. But then he blamed the Republicans for the crisis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you believe that the border is secure, sir?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No, it's not. I haven't believed it for the last 10 years. And I've said for the last 10 years. Give me the money.Now the question is for the speaker and the House Republicans, are they ready to act as well? They have to choose on whether they want to solve a problem or keep weaponizing an issue to score political points. I'm ready to solve the problem. I really am, massive changes and I mean it sincerely.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But maybe Biden should start listening to John Fetterman. America's hoodie-wearing senator is becoming the Democrat voice of reason on the border crisis. Listen to what he just said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): I honestly don't understand why it's controversial to say we need a secure border. You can be very supportive immigration. But we also need to have a secure border. We want to provide the American dream for any migrant. But it seems very difficult when you have 300,000 people showing up encountered at our border to do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And migrants are turning a New York City Park into a giant toilet. The New York Post reporting how migrants left feces and cups of urine in one neighborhood.OK, Harold, I'll start with you. So, Biden says the border hasn't been secured for the last 10 years. And he says I've said it for the last 10 years, then why hasn't he fired Mayorkas who's lied to Congress under oath and said the border is secure?FORD JR.: It's a good question. I don't know why. The -- what I do note is as we sit here this evening, it looks as if the Senate Republicans and Democrats a bipartisan group have found a way to come to an agreement about how to address this awful broken border that we have. It's going to give more money for law enforcement, reform the asylum process I think are the two of the critical things you have to do. And it has that -- I wish it had the wall in it also but it looks if this is what they're able to do together.It also appears that President Trump who talks about this issue I think a lot and talks about it intelligently, but it's been reported -- I don't know if it's true or not but it's been reported that he's called me members of the House and urged them not to agree to this deal and not to -- not to negotiate with Democrats on this.Dan Crenshaw, a Republican congressman from Texas who's a smart guy and a veteran, over the weekend said look, how many thousands of -- how many more thousands of illegals are we going to let in before we do a deal? If we believe that we're going to advantage Joe Biden by doing an immigration deal or border deal and we're not going to do it for that reason, I would ask the question do we not arrest people because we may help Democratic mayors? Do we not keep them in jail because you may help a Democratic mayor? Of course not.They should pass what they can get done. Republicans have to remember they only have a two-seat majority in the House, they don't control the Senate, nor they control the White House, which means you have to do that time- honored American tradition of compromising. It's a good -- it's a good starting point. I actually think it's a really strong piece of legislation from what I hear and -- because it hadn't been released yet.If they have a deal, support the deal. Let's give more money to the border. Let's build the wall. Let's reform the asylum process. And if that doesn't work, we'll come back and do something else.PIRRO: All right, Greg, as with most Democrats, the answer to problems is more money. But the rub is in the money and where does it go? Should it go to a wall? Apparently, what Harold is telling us is no wall is in it. The Democrats won't agree to a wall. And in fact, it was the Democrats who got rid of all the construction material that was left after Trump left for the wall. But should it be given to locals for schools, hospitals that are gone under like the one in Denver? Shouldn't we dictate where that money goes as opposed to more border patrol to let more of them in?GUTFELD: I guess so. I mean, I think they need more sex head is what I think. You know, this -- finding cups of urine in the park, finally I know where to go for my foxy year -- Fox yearly drug test. It'll be right there. Why is that only when elections loom the Democrats come to reality? I'm with you. I think there needs to be a deal made, but it's like we waited so long for the Dems to come to the table. It's because they only care about votes and not people.You know, we need to have monthly elections. That way the Democrats will actually care. I have to say I'm always -- I have to take my hat off even though I'm not wearing one to Fetterman because he's proved me wrong. I mean, I -- and it feels good to be wrong because it gives you hope that your worst instincts about people aren't always correct. And again, it's a sign. Like, Jamie Dimon --FORD JR.: Yes.GUTFELD: That -- there's some adults returning to the table. The dads are coming home to clean out the house and the kegger, you know, and the -- and the -- you know, all the partyers that have destroyed this country. I think now maybe we might be growing up. I hope. I'm probably wrong.FORD JR.: I think you're right.GUTFELD: I hope I am.PIRRO: Jesse, you know, the question is you know, how much work do we need from Congress? How about you just build that wall?WATTERS: Biden could stop the flows if he wanted to like that, but he doesn't want to. He just wants to squeeze cash out of Congress and say he did something. He's just doing this because it's an election year and he's got the Ukraine money tied up in a border deal. That's the only reason. And you could give him a trillion more dollars, Judge, if he still keeps catch and releasing, then we're just $1 trillion more in debt.And we send the Department of Education billions of dollars more every year. Do the schools get any better? No. I knew Biden was bad on the border because he's not the best father. The man can't say no to his own son. He can't say stop. He can't have consequences for actions. And that's what you need. You need a man in charge on the border to say this is not going to be allowed, and if you do break in, this is what's going to happen to you.Now, Fetterman, it seems like the Democrats liked when he couldn't talk. Remember how they thought was Churchillian when you couldn't understand a word he said and when his chief of staff was running the show? Now all of a sudden he's recovering, thank God, and he starts making sense, and everyone in D.C. and the Democratic party is like, oh, can you believe this guy? This guy's going to be a real problem over here.I'm with Greg. It feels good to be wrong. It feels better to be right but it feels good to be wrong.PIRRO: All right, Dana, how does any of what's going on in Congress or Joe Biden finally admitting the border is not secure help cities like New York that's cutting back on law enforcement protection in Chicago because of the people who are already here?PERINO: It's certainly not. And for President Biden, it's his biggest vulnerability going into the election. That's coming from all demographics. Everyone is saying that. One thing that I would do if I were the members of Congress on the House side is I would take a montage of every single time that Mayorkas and Karin Jean-Pierre have said the border is secure, and I'd splice them all together, and I'd make them watch it because it's probably 15 minutes long. And then I would turn to Mayorkas at his impeachment hearing and say do you still maintain that the border is secure? And when he says yes, I mean, I'm assuming you could just play then the Biden clip that says well, absolutely it's not. And that might be a way to at least wrap that up.PIRRO: All right, up next, our favorite White House wannabe is back. Gavin Newsome trying to steal the New Hampshire spotlight.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: It looks like somebody wants some of that New Hampshire spotlight. California Governor Gavin Newsom going on Bill Maher's show to attack Black Republicans and call out his own party for not being tough enough on the GOP.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): The reason I started to go into those red states, the reason I started to take on DeSantis, and the reason I started doing ads in these red states is I didn't felt my party was doing enough. It was CRT one year, then it's ESG, and it's DEI, anything with three letters these guys keep coming.And I just felt there was a little timidity in our party. And I thought we need to call this stuff out.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: But Bill Maher wasn't ready to let Governor Newsom off the hook on whether Newsom has been running a secret campaign for president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NEWSOM: I was a lieutenant governor and you have me on. I mean, I was a lieutenant governor when you had me on. It's amazing.BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: And I said then you're going to run for president one day and we know it's not this year. I'm not going to even go there.NEWSOM: Oh, no. I'm glad we're not doing that.MAHER: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: It's not bad he's thinking about the presidency, Greg, in a couple of years. And I think -- I think he's right. What do you think about him?GUTFELD: I think he's watched American Psycho too many times. I mean, Christian Bale has nothing on this guy. He's like the rich kid buttering up his dying uncle as he waits for him to croak. He's out in the hallway clutching a my pillow. The moment the nurse leaves, he's putting it down on Joe. And then he makes this -- he talks about like -- he makes this weird comment about DeSantis, you know, about DEI, ESG, and CRT. What he fails to mention is that Gavin Newsom was wrong on all of that, and DeSantis was right on all those three-letter entities, about how that how they are helping to destroy a company by going after a country by going after equal opportunity in meritocracy.You know, now we even have Dems admitting that reverse racism is actually racism. And I know he jokes about DeSantis but at least DeSantis is running for the office in public, you know not sneaking around like a political cat burglar.FORD JR.: Dana, would you ad advise Governor Newsom to do what he's doing or would you have a different set of advice for him.PERINO: I don't think he will ever take my advice. I would actually think that he should focus on his own state. You know, last year they ended up with a $97 billion surplus. A lot of that was all that COVID money. This year they have a $73 billion deficit. How do you do that, right?And so, I think that -- it was Fetterman actually who said go to the bathroom or get off the pot. If you're going to run, run. And then Bill Maher is like making fun of Joe Biden kind of saying obviously the cognitive capabilities are in question, and Newsom just laughs along. So, he does seem to be playing this a little bit too cute by half.FORD JR.: Judge, what are your thoughts on this?PIRRO: I agree with Dana. I think it's too cute by half. I think it's the old wink in the nod and no, I'm not really running this year. And you know, it's interesting the way he kind of categorizes the division between the red states and the blue states. Oh, you know, they just weren't-- they weren't strong enough when he's very, you know, divisive. It's them versus us.And you know, how he gloated when Ron DeSantis got out of the race with you know, there's a fire sale on Ron DeSantis merch today. You know, at least as you say, I mean, Ron DeSantis got in the race and Gavin Newsom is being very, very sneaky about it. I don't know what's going on. And you know, he says he's doing it because he believes in women's rights. Well, if you believe in women's rights, why are you allowing transgenders, you know, to ruin a lot of women's hopes and dreams? And you can say that the governor, before you created that law but you've done nothing to protect young women.So, you know, he's a lot of all hat no cattle I think, Dana.PERINO: Oh, I like that one.GUTFELD: All moose and no hair. You know, I'm with Dana. Go to the bathroom or get off the pot.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: Jesse, of all of us on THE FIVE including Jessica, one would say you look the most like Gavin Newsom. What are your thoughts about Governor Newsom?WATTERS: Well, I'm going to consider that a compliment, Jessica, so thank you very much. And you're not showing your pregnancy at all. I think you look really fit.FORD JR.: Thank you. Thank you.WATTERS: I would say that Biden is kind of in a long-distance relationship with the Democratic Party and Newsom keeps showing up when Biden's out of town. You know, all of a sudden like he's at a field hockey game, then all of a sudden he's at the orchard when she's apple picking with her friends. Just the right amount of proximity to let her know that he's there. Whoa, wait a second, he's in China? Oh, he's on Bill Maher the Sunday before that primary?Greg is right. DeSantis could have cat-burglared it too. He could have been like, I'm going to take Casey to D.C. for dinner and you know, maybe go to the Tampa Bay Bucks down, shoot down to Mexico City to just happen to meet the Mexican president.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Either way I think works.FORD JR.: Well, he's doing something right. Coming up, bad buys, beware. America's Most Wanted is coming back to Fox. And John Walsh and his son, Callahan, join us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The groundbreaking true crime sensation. America's Most Wanted is now coming back to Fox. John Walsh has been hunting down bad guys for nearly 40 years and he's not done yet.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Before the documentary, there was America's Most Wanted. The show that brought true crime to T.V. is back with a man who started it all.JOHN WALSH, HOST, AMERICA'S MOST WANTED: I'm John Walsh, host of America's Most Wanted. We're more connected than ever. And you can help solve cases like never before.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The new episodes will be available on Demand on Fox Nation. Joining us now are John Walsh and his son Callahan Walsh who will be helping his dad co-host the new episodes.So, John, how did you decide to bring the show back?J. WALSH: Well, Fox was my home for 25 years. I hosted America's Most Wanted and I loved working for Fox. And we've become, you know, a lawless society and FBI and Marshals contacted me and say, come on you got to settle up, you got to get back in the game. And Rob Wade from Fox said I'd love you guys to come, so we're here tonight where it's going to be the premiere.PERINO: We're excited to have you. And Callahan, I'm curious about how technology has changed over these last decades. And what new perspective that brings to this show?CALLAHAN WALSH, SON OF JOHN WALSH: Well, you're absolutely right. You know, new technology has allowed us to analyze evidence in new ways. You know, we have touch DNA, we have familial DNA, geneal -- familial genealogy, and social media as well too. You know, we always harnessed the power of the public, but now we have the ability to harness these internet detectives, these internet sleuths and really put them to work. They're sharing information in real-time, and I know that harnessing them can really lead to some incredible captures.WATTERS: Judge?PIRRO: You know, first of all, John, and to both of you, I mean, kudos for coming back. But more importantly, John, you have done so much to help law enforce in -- you know, for decades and myself with the Robert Durst's case. I remember when we were looking for Robert Durst, you had a segment on that case. So, I want to thank you on behalf of law enforcement around the country for the work that you've done.How do you see this show going forward differing if at all from what you've done over the past years?J. WALSH: Well, first let me say you were a kick-ass, Judge, and a kick-ass prosecutor and I appreciate that.PIRRO: Thank you.J. WALSH: But -- well, a lot is change. As Callahan said, technology is a big thing. But we -- we're in -- we're in this lawless society. I mean, Dana was talking about the border and you know, we never had to deal with that in the old days. I caught 1,200 of the world's worst uncatchable guys, recovered or got 17 guys off the FBI 10 Most Wanted. No FBI agents ever done that. But most of all, we recovered 61 stranger abducted, missing children alive not like -- you know, most stranger abducted kids are dead like my son Adam was dead within four hours.But Dana was right about the border. It's a new challenge for us. We had Mayorkas on a hearing about a month and a half and ago -- and we kept asking him, how many unaccompanied minors have you pushed across the border? He hemmed and hawed and one of the congressmen said 85,000. And we said, did you DNA swab them? In case you know, you got the cartels bringing the kids to the border, you've got MS13 grabbing them, they're charging the parents and they're saying the kids are going to work in Ritz Carlton as a maid or a bus boy. No, they hand them right over to MS13 or MS18 and there sex trafficked.So, we asked him did you take a DNA swab and in case one of these kids? We're talking six to 17 winds up dead. Did you take a picture of them. Did you ask them what country were they from. No, no, no, Mayorkas went. We were too busy. 85,000 kids were pushed across the border. Nobody knows where they went.So, you know -- and we're in this violent, violent society, in this lawless society. I've never seen anything like it and I've been doing this for years. We're number one in the world in mass murders, 29 school shootings last year. New Orleans is per capita the most dangerous murder capital of the world. What happened to America? It's like we've fallen apart and it's so dangerous.So, we're facing a lot of challenges and we're doing -- Elizabeth Smart is on the show tonight and we're doing the case of a 17-year-old girl. You know, fentanyl 107,000 deaths, 300,000 people overdose, but 107,000 deaths. And this girl, 17 years old, went online on Snapchat they have drug dealers that have menus what kind of drug do you want today. She was studying for a test. She took an Aderall. She was dead in two hours. I'm looking for that bastard that gave her those drugs.But now with social media, it's the -- it's the playground for pedophiles, sex traffickers, and they're so much more sophisticated. So, we got a lot of challenge in our hands.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: (INAUDIBLE)PIRRO: God bless.FORD JR.: Thank you.WATTERS: Great job. God bless. John and Callahan, thank you guys so much. And don't miss America's Most Wanted on Fox, also Fox Nation. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Time for "OMT." Greg, what do you got tonight?GUTFELD: Oh, we got a great show tonight. Vivek is joining us with Emily Compagno, two of the fast talkers on Earth. Kat Timpf and comedian Adam Hunter.Let's do this, Gregs Where Is Jesse's Moose? As you know, there was a crisis in New Hampshire. He couldn't find his hair care products. We sent out some reporters. I think we found out that it ended up on the tarmac. This is a roller filled with Jesse's hair care products that had been left on the tarmac and then blown away in the wind. This is why Jesse's hair system looks so shabby. We're going to try to get that to you as soon as possible, Jesse.WATTERS: I even got the sticky bag claim ticket and it's just -- I still haven't found it.PERINO: Now we know. We need an air tag on that hair product, Jesse. What do you have tonight?WATTERS: A hair tag, sure. We are live from New Hampshire. We were at Haley and Trump rallies. We'll bring that to you tonight at 8:00 Eastern.PERINO: And I had Trey Gowdy on the Perino On Politics podcast that just posted a few moments ago. So, you can check that one out. Harold do you have a great "ONE MORE THING" for us tonight.FORD JR.: Nick Dunlap, amateur golfer, University of Alabama sophomore, won to 2024 American Express Championship over the weekend. He was not able to accept a $1.5 million prize because he's an amateur. Congrats to him and congrats to --GUTFELD: But he's a dude.PIRRO: OK, where does some money go?PERINO: But he didn't even sink that shot.PIRRO: Where money go?PERINO: Why do we have that shot when he didn't make it?PIRRO: Yes, but where do the money go?FORD JR.: I didn't -- I didn't put that together. I don't know where the money goes, Judge.PERINO: You're going to be blamed. I don't know. I'm going to blame Greg just because it's fun. All right, that's it for us, everybody. Have a great night. We'll see you tomorrow. Hey, Bret!