NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Presidential historian, so many great books that really make me think, sometimes we repeat history or at our peril ignore it.All right, just a reminder again, we had a record of the S&P 500. So, the bull market is still going on. The Dow a little less fortunate, NASDAQ doing just fine. Here's THE FIVE.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, along with Jessica Tarlov, Charlie Hurt, Martha MacCallum and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The dust is settling in New Hampshire and the reigning champ remains undefeated. Former President Trump notching another huge win in the GOP primary and defeating Nikki Haley by a significant margin of 11 points. The victory makes Trump the first GOP candidate since 1976 to win both Iowa and New Hampshire.And there's no doubt about it. The momentum is firmly on Trump's side. But Nikki Haley is refusing to call it quits.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I want to congratulate Donald Trump on his victory tonight. You've all heard the chatter among the political class. They're falling all over themselves saying this race is over.Well, I have news for all of them. New Hampshire is first in the nation, it is not the last in the nation.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Former President Trump was not too pleased to hear that Nikki Haley was staying in the race. And he went scorched earth on her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I can go up and I can say to everybody, oh, thank you for the victory, it's wonderful. Or I can go up and say, who the hell was the imposter that went up on the stage before and like claimed a victory, she did very poorly actually.I watched her in a fancy dress that probably wasn't so fancy. Come up and said what's she doing? We won.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Nikki Haley getting a little help last night from people who aren't registered Republicans. Fox News voter analysis says 67 percent of independents picked Haley as the 94 percent of undeclared Democrats. And it looks like a liberal network caught up with one of them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTIAN SMITH: I voted for Nikki Haley, it was certainly a strategic vote. But I wouldn't vote for her in a general election, particularly on our differences with climate change pollution, a woman's right to bodily autonomy or incarceration rates. I think a vote for Nikki Haley is helps diminish Trump's influence in the RNC and the nomination. But it's also a vote towards democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: You know, Martha, it's not the first time we're hearing this, that people who took advantage of the fact that independence 40 percent of them can vote in the New Hampshire primary for either major party, kind of did it to play games, but they won't vote for Nikki Haley in a general election.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's not a huge slice who actually played that game, there were about 4000 voters who filed early enough. Democrats, two Democrats who wanted to participate, they had to do it by the beginning of October in order to do that.This is the live free die or live free or die state, right? I'm sorry, I can't talk. But so the largest political party, the largest political group in that -- in the state of New Hampshire is independents. They're larger than Republicans and Democrats.And we're seeing this around the country, we're seeing 43 percent now, registered as independents. And I think what is going on here besides that young man who -- and I think that's a very small slice of the pie in reality, but I think what's going on here is you're getting something called, and there's a very interesting article in the Free Press to speak called the great scramble.And you're seeing movement in these parties, you're seeing people who are - - you know, President Trump has created this movement that is kind of, in and of itself, its own very fierce, driven force in the country, and he's getting people -- he's getting Latinos, he's getting Black voters, he's now getting college women, he's getting a lot of people crossing into that category that were never there before.And if that continues to increase, that's going to be a very, very compelling argument for him for another term.But you also have, you know, these people who feel left out by that process, who consider themselves conservative, who are looking for something else. And the question is whether or not you know, as a sort of quasi incumbent, someone who was president and now isn't president, wants to be president again, what kind of numbers does he need to get over that hurdle?You know, is he -- is he getting those numbers to get back in? If you're just an incumbent president, you're going to be with your own party at 84, 85, 90 percent in some cases, right? So, this is just what we watch now in terms of the politics and how it all moves over the course of the next 10 months.PIRRO: All right, Greg. You know, it sounds like Nikki Haley is claiming victory. She came in third in Iowa. She came in second in New Hampshire. It looks like she's going to get trounced in North Carolina.Her own state where you've got everyone, the lieutenant governor, the governor or the congresspeople, both United States senators. She's going to get trounced in Carolina. What is she thinking?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: This is the system, this is what -- you can't -- you can't concede until you can seed, right?It's like, then all the money goes away. And she's got to stay. So, it's like we all -- we can all see it, she can all see it. And clearly, she did win the vote of Democrats.If the Democrats hadn't been in there, it would have been more lopsided than like, a sexy dude contest between me and Kilmeade. This reminds me of the GameStop controversy, you remember?All the amateur traders like drove up the price of a video game company, and the press went nuts. And then the company, you know, returned to obscurity and the media acted like it never happened.I feel like that's what this is like. It's a great story for a couple of days. But it's artificially created.And there's something about Trump, whenever he's in a race, everybody else sounds like a politician, or acts like a politician. That's it. And it forces people to choose their lanes.And Nikki, to my chagrin, I'm not even sure I'm using that word correctly. To my chagrin, she chose the identity lane, and which fed the media and fed the Democrats and gutter Democrats.But for me as a -- as a conservative libertarian, he turns me off, and it turns off Republicans because we get enough of that identity baloney from the other side.So, it felt like she wasn't running against Trump, but running against the party by pandering to Democrats, it was almost like her strategy was, hey, I'm not as racist as the party I belong to. So, she made -- she talked about her race and mentioned her gender.But these post-mortems always undermine the manufactured hoopla that precedes it, right? We spent a week creating all this energy, anxiety and excitement and then oh, yeah, we knew how this was going to go. It's like people building up -- weathermen building up a giant Snowmageddon and then you only get two inches. This is where you insert the Jesse Watters joke.PIRRO: OK (INAUDIBLE). All right.GUTFELD: Viewers.PIRRO: You know, I'll ask -- I'll ask this of you, Jessica, the truth is that last night, CNN, MSNBC, again, they decided to dip out of coverage when Donald Trump said -- took the stage.You know, the Democrats claimed that they're the protectors of democracy, they don't even want to have Americans hear someone who is destined to be the party's nominee. What -- how was that democratic?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think they dipped out of the coverage when he lied about winning New Hampshire in 2020. That -- it was a fact check, it wasn't like we just don't want to see him. It was different in Iowa. They didn't or at least MSNBC didn't want to take it. And Rachel Maddow talks about that.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: He did win primaries there.PIRRO: He won.PIRRO: OK. But that's what they -- no, he won the primary but he lost handedly, obviously to Joe Biden in general. Right. But that wasn't what he was talking about.PIRRO: But what about the concept of not allowing a man. I mean, don't they trust the American people to make decisions so that they should tell us what to think?TARLOV: I am all for putting him out there as much as possible and letting people continue to see it. Because the truth of the matter is, the more people see of Donald Trump, the more they dislike him and vote against him, and that's what happens. They had us four years of the presidency and on the campaign trail in 2020, he was a turnoff for people and that's why he lost by several million votes.But I don't work at CNN or MSNBC, there's obviously a reason that they make their decisions. And that's the path that they want to go down. I think that we should show all the candidates.I like the Dean Phillips shows up and he talks to people here and RFK, Jr. I think it says something about who they believe are going to vote for them and what their intentions are in terms of being, "good Democrats".MACCALLUM: Are they covering election or they're not? If they're covering the election on New Hampshire and Iowa nights when they come out to do their speech, you take the speech. If you want to talk about it afterwards and critique it, fine, but you can't -- you can't give people, you know, take away their opportunity to watch it.TARLOV: They can switch channels.MACCALLUM: Watch us because we're going to show all of it.TARLOV: That's great. And we had great coverage and I was thrilled to be part of it. And you guys did a wonderful job. I'm not agreeing with the point, I would have aired it.In terms of the outcome, and I said this in Iowa as well. It does liberals no favors to deny the successes that Trump has had. What he did in Iowa was historic getting past 50 percent, it's a huge win last night. Like you said, it hasn't been done since 1976.But that doesn't change the fact that there are these huge flashing red lights for the Republican Party and that's what Nikki Haley is talking about.So, that she won 67 percent of independents. If that trend continues, and it's higher than it was in Iowa, and I doubt it will increase to South Carolina, but we know that independents were who decided the election in 2020.And then, two really big numbers that matter that have jumped from Iowa, 43 percent of her supporters in Iowa, said, I won't vote for him in the general election that went up to 70 percent in New Hampshire.And then, the question in the exit polls about what happens if Donald Trump is convicted of a felony, right, he has these 91 counts out there.In Iowa, 32 percent said that they wouldn't support him. And that number of jumped to 50 percent. You cannot win a general election with those kinds of numbers. And that's the case that Nikki Haley's making and why these Republican donors will continue to pump money into an alternative, because there are Republicans who are extremely dissatisfied.PIRRO: OK. But Charlie, let me ask you this, the fact that in both New Hampshire and in Iowa, immigration came in first, the economy came in second, there's no question if you want to talk about whether or not Trump is going to win. Everyone, all the polls show that Trump is stronger than anyone on immigration.HURT: And then those issues are most important among everybody, especially independents. It's not just Republicans who care about it.I also think it's very interesting to hear Democrats are always saying, oh, no, we want to face Donald Trump, because he'll be so easy to beat, but every opportunity they get, they go out and vote for Nikki Haley.So, I don't -- I don't really understand what the strategy there is. But you know, you know, stepping back big picture here. Nikki Haley is -- if you want to know what money does in politics, money allows her to stay in the race. And that's why she's staying in the race.The reason Ron DeSantis had to get out of the race is he had no money left. And so, she's going to be able to -- and my suspicion is that she's going - - she's out with an ad already, she's going to sort of test the waters for about a week, and kind of see if the numbers move in South Carolina, and then make a decision after that.Because if she goes into South Carolina, she will have lost Iowa, New Hampshire and Nevada, and then she's going to be going into her home state. And she has to reckon with the idea that, you know, she obviously thinks she has a bright future.And of course, in Republican politics, you know, the runner-up from last time is always in the best position. And between, you know, she's going to try to consider herself that runner-up.But do you want to fall into the ash heap of people like Al Gore and John Edwards, who lost their own state, which is like, beyond humiliating.PIRRO: It is.HURT: And so, I think that, you know, at some point, and then that big money that is behind her, because you're right, they don't like Trump.And you know, another thing about the big scramble, you know, we talk about third party candidates and, you know, third party, the American system is very hostile to third party candidates.But Donald Trump is sort of like our first third-party candidate, our first independent to ever run. And he pisses everybody off, Republicans and Democrats, which by the way, I think is very good thing.And now the least of which is the fact that he has undone the answer to every election in memory has been money. If you have more money, you always win, except in the case of Donald Trump, he beat Hillary Clinton, he beat Nikki Haley, and Ron DeSantis, even though they outspend him massively.MACCALLUM: And the enthusiasm is very -- it's very visceral, it's very real.TARLOV: But he still loses election.PIRRO: Well, we'll see. It's different time.TARLOV: OK.PIRRO: Ahead, the media and Democrats want to put Grandpa Joe in the basement again, so he can win in 2024.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, the liberal media is begging Biden to take a page from the 2020 campaign and just keep the whole thing in the basement like last time, the president winning big in the New Hampshire primary despite the fact that his name was not on the ballot because they decided to skip New Hampshire. So it was all write in and he never had to come to the Granite State and campaign -- and campaign at all.Former Obama aide Van Jones thinks that the secret to securing a Biden victory in November may be by doing the same strategy all over again and keeping him out of the public eye, listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VAN JONES, FORMER BARACK OBAMA AIDE: If I were Biden, I would -- I would stay hidden. And I'll tell you why. He doesn't inspire confidence. And he's not a great messenger for himself. Trump's strength, his resilience is really a reflection of Biden's fragility. Republicans are not afraid of Joe Biden. They're not afraid.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, even when he does come out and meet -- he ends up meeting with hecklers by his own party, there were pro-Palestinian agitators interrupting him a dozen times during his speech yesterday, watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Frankly, Donald Trump and MAGA Republicans including the woman hollering.This is going to go on for a while, they got this planned.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, you know, that woman was yelling I voted for you. I voted for you to Joe Biden, Judge Jeanine. And you know, the question is, can the strategy -- first of all, you got to just absorb that reaction on the set when he's saying this, when Van Jones who I think is very straightforward, says what's on his mind. You know, he's like, I don't think he doesn't inspire confidence and people around the table. Axelrod was there, just kind of -- and Kate Bedingfield who used to be his press secretary, and was very involved in the first campaign, just kind of like, hm.PIRRO: You know, it really is disappointing when you hear Democrats who, you know, people respect them. I respect them for what they're saying. And they're basically saying, you know, he's not a good messenger. He doesn't inspire people.But what kind of party would put up a candidate, a presidential candidate that they openly admit doesn't inspire confidence, he's not a good messenger? I mean, are they so desperate for power that they'd rather appear weak on the world stage, unable to communicate a concept and subjugate us to Russia and China and North Korea?You know, and you can only have so many surrogates, Martha, I mean, not that many people can go out and say you're the greatest president that ever lived.But you know, 66 percent of his own party doesn't want him to run, 77 percent of them think he's too old. And I don't think it's age, it's cognitive.And so, you know, you have a nobody like Dean Phillips, 99 percent of the country doesn't know who he is, he gets 20 percent in New Hampshire, when he just started a couple months ago.And finally, Biden is in trouble with blacks, with young voters, with progressives, Hamas, as you just saw, as well as the Latinas. And you know, there's literally no enthusiasm for this man.And so, now he's got a PAC he's going to give a million dollars to TikTok to try to get some of these influencers to say, oh, he's such a hot character.And my concern is this, you know, how did the Democrats, you know, yell so much about democracy when they're willing to sell it short by putting out a guy that they don't think is the best candidate for this country?MACCALLUM: So, Jessica, if you were advising him, how would you tell him to run his campaign?TARLOV: I would tell him to be out there as much as possible. But frankly, and you will hear a lot about the lack of enthusiasm. Joe Biden, it's the first write in campaign in history. What happened to New Hampshire, he's on track to get more votes than Barack Obama did in 2012.You talked about Dean Phillips, he got 20 percent. Sure, but let's talk about the unity. There's only 10 percent of Democratic voters self- reporting this that would not support Joe Biden, we are completely unified.MACCALLUM: But that's the number you expect from an incumbent, right? I mean, that's a normal incumbent number.TARLOV: And we've been -- but we've been talking about Donald Trump is a quasi incumbent, at least he has a record to run on, right? He's acting like he's an incumbent, he actually thinks that he won in 2020. So he's like half an incumbent. And he 50 percent, he gets 50,000 votes and 70 percent of his competitors, voters won't even go for him.But I hear about this basement campaign all the time from 2020. And even from now, we don't see Joe Biden. And it's shocking that we get all this footage somehow. But he is out there and he's doing meaningful things. He was the united with the United Auto Workers today getting their endorsement. And the president talking about how Donald Trump when they had a strike in 2019, didn't do anything.Yesterday, he had a rally for reproductive rights in Virginia, it's going to be a crucial issue for us.Monday, the reproductive health care access Task Force, the U.S. Conference of Mayors last Friday, he went to rally on Thursday to talk about broadband access and to meet with an educator who had a student loans forgiven and the impact it's had with his family.And by the way, they've made some very meaningful content. Out of all of that, the man is not hiding, and he's doing well and Democrats are happy with their choice.MACCALLUM: Well, then the choice is going to -- is likely to be Trump versus Biden, Charlie. And I'm thinking about the moment in New Hampshire yesterday when President Trump was coming out of an event and he went over and started talking to reporters, and you could see this people, like, we got to go, but no, no, he wants to answer more questions and more questions and more questions all off the cuff. All, you know, very transparent.So, what's this race going to look like between these two people?HUTCHINSON: Well, I think it's, you know, I don't think anybody actually voted except for maybe Jill and Hunter actually voted for Joe Biden. Everybody's voting against -- the Democrats voting against Donald Trump, which is what the unity there is.But the thing that I think is most amazing about what happened yesterday is that you have in this election, where Democrats are going to try to make it all about democracy and election integrity, they conducted a fake election. None of the -- none of the votes that were cast yesterday are going to actually count, which is amazing to me that they're going to be lecturing us about elections and democracy.And luckily for the Biden camp, some people got together and dragged him across with the write-in campaign, which is helpful for him, I guess. But I don't think that it means that that there is going to be great unity once you get into the -- into the throes of a general election.MACCALLUM: No, you have so many people, Greg, David Axelrod, Van Jones, saying he doesn't inspire anyone, and he should stay in the basement. But can that work twice? Can that work four years apart when that whole situation was COVID-driven? At least that was the cover.GUTFELD: Well, his numbers are in the basement so we can keep the company. You know, it does kind of -- it's got to suck when the person you claim you're going to support and vote for for president you have to hide. I mean, that you actually are saying it out loud that he's my guide, but we can't show him. We can't take him outside. But we're willing to have him as president, how can you hold those thoughts in your head?So, as you know, I always offer suggestions, because I'm that type of person. You know, the Pope has a popemobile?PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: I think they should have a basement mobile. And so they could put Joe in a basement. It's just a moving basement, right? And he could just sit there, he can have his hot cocoa, maybe some pudding and it just moves around. It's wide. And you can feel very comfortable.Because I think the examples that Jessica gave of things that he's doing are kind of layups, I mean student forgiveness. And, you know, abortion rallies, yes, you're killing loans and babies, he's used to that.I think we're building toward a scenario where Joe Biden will be seen as justified not to debate Trump. Right? We can't give Trump's evil ideas any traction. I mean, CNN and MSNBC, have already done that.So, I think this is how I think -- if he's not doing this, if he's not like, even going to bother campaigning, he sure as hell is not going to debate and I think that's going to say something. What it is, I don't know.MACCALLUM: Well, Trump will want to debate him, you can guarantee that.TARLOV: But Trump didn't show up for any of the debates.GUTFELD: He didn't have to.TARLOV: And public appearances outside of a courthouse are not really meaningful.MACCALLUM: He said from the very beginning that he wants to debate in a general election that he said when it comes to that, you would have to debate in the general election.PIRRO: Yes. And the strength in the vibe and the resilience that Van Jones talked about just shows how weak --TARLOV: Van Jones loves to blow up Democrats.PIRRO: OK, so now we're going to criticize him.TARLOV: He does.PIRRO: He's a well-respected Democrat.GUTFELD: How dare you, Jessica.TARLOV: I love that you love a Democrat.PIRRO: I love you.TARLOV: I love you too.MACCALLUM: All right, (INAUDIBLE). A wealthy Chicago suburb challenging Democrats to live up to their values and take in illegal immigrants into their large mansions.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HURT: Sanctuary City, Democrats in a wealthy Chicago suburb are putting the to the test on how much they love migrants. Naperville City Councilman Josh McBroom is going viral after asking his compassionate community to sign up to house illegal immigrants in their mansions.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOSH MCBROOM, COUNCILMAN, NAPERVILLE, ILLINOIS: We do have a very fluent community, a lot of big homes, and what I'd like to do is direct staff to create a signup sheet so, you know, for individuals that would be willing to house migrant families. And if there's people that would do that, God bless them. I think we need to find out who would be willing to house migrant families.(END VIDEO CLIP)HURT: And in nearby Chicago, Black residents are suing ultra-woke mayor Brandon Johnston for his trying -- for trying to turn community buildings into migrant shelters and for showering 35,000 illegal immigrants with resources like screenings and $15,000 in rent support per person.Judge, my question to you is are you going to house migrants in your home?PIRRO: Not a chance. First of all, they started with the hotels in New York City. Half of them this summer were filled with the -- they're illegal immigrants, OK. They're not migrants, unless you tell me that they've already gotten approval by a court saying that they're migrating for -- because they're being persecuted in their country. Then we did the schools half the schools that we used are closed down because we didn't have enough money to keep them open, we don't have enough money to put the immigrants, the illegal immigrants in them. And now they want them in my home.Unless you vet them, unless you fingerprint them, do an Interpol check, unless you tell me who's a pedophile, who's a rapist, who's an identity thief, who -- unless you prove to me they're clean, then you -- yes, then you suffer if I lose anything, if there is anything that I lose or any kind of crime that occurs around my house.I am sick and tired of better veterans being thrown out of facilities and illegal immigrants being moved into it. It's time. And the Blacks in Chicago who were suing Brandon Johnson have had enough of it. They're Americans, 28 percent of them are below the poverty line, and they don't like that the illegals are being taken care of better than they are as American citizens. It's not right.HURT: So, Jessica, every time Democrats get criticized for policies like defend defund the police, they always say oh, no, we're not the party of defund the police, but Democrats are the party of sanctuary cities. How -- you know, how is this not the fault of Democrat leaders.TARLOV: Well, the origins of sanctuary cities weren't just Democrats but now it is being upheld by them. There are very famous Republicans like Rudy Giuliani who was supportive of them, but obviously it's gotten wildly out of control and you have strong dissatisfaction amongst Liberals in these cities who are not looking to turn into Republicans but want to be heard.And we talked about this story a couple of months ago. In Chicago, there was a city council meeting and all of these residents showed up and said we want to vote on this, let our voice be heard on whether we can take in these bus loads that are coming from Texas and Arizona, and they were denied that opportunity. And that's wrong.HURT: It looks like people in Texas are denied that opportunity.TARLOV: Yes. I was -- someone said yesterday when we were on in New Hampshire, how many people do you think can fit in Eagle Pass? If they can't fit in Chicago, they can't be in this tiny border town. And I know that this councilman, you know, he was deadpanning. Apparently, he was making a joke. But it is something that I hear regularly.And you do at a certain point have to live up to the policies and the values that you espouse. And Liberal city mayors are frustrated because of this, and they're hearing it from their residents of all sort, of all races, colors, creeds, all of it just this isn't working.HURT: So, Martha, how do you see the -- this playing out politically over the next --MACCALLUM: Well, I think that the move to bus people from Texas and Florida and send them to other places completely changed the entire dynamic of this conversation.PIRRO: It sure did.MACCALLUM: And that's why you have immigration number one now because everybody understands what it's like to live in Eagle Pass, Texas because their kids in some cases are kicked out of school to make room for migrants to sleep in their classrooms or they have -- they're overflowing because they have so many new people.It's absolutely ridiculous that there's no structure to this. I had John Kirby on today. I said, do we have a southern border? He said, yes, ma'am. I said, well, how many people can flow across it? You know, hundreds of thousands of people came across the border. Well, we're working very hard to fix it. We need Congressional action. That's why the President has asked for additional funding.But at some point you have to acknowledge that what you are doing is failing dramatically, so don't give the same answer every time when it's failing dramatically. And this is -- it's going to -- it's going to bite them in this election. It's going to be a huge issue.HURT: And it's not like the laws have changed between Trump and Biden, but all the policies have.GUTFELD: Yes. I feel really bad for uh McBroom because he -- I have been him many times where you just make a really subtle joke and people believe it. It was like --TARLOV: And it go viral.GUTFELD: Yes, and it goes viral. It's like, dude, I was just having fun. And it was a very clever -- Liberals have a problem. They always focus on the benefits of the -- perceived benefits of their actions but they never factor in the consequences. They always look at the upside and never the downside. Our job and what McBroom was doing was confronting them with the downside of their actions whether it's, you know, immigration or crime or education. These are all areas where Liberals propose ideas and never decide to assess the damage that their so-called help will bring.This is another idea that came down dream from THE FIVE. You know, I think we were the first to say, bus them to the cities. And I've said this. I said they should be living in the homes of the politicians, or we should bus them to their homes. Bus the criminals when they get out -- when they're -- when they're released. Send them to the neighborhoods of the Das.And I think the you know, the brilliance of the migrant busing, it woke people up to the problems of Liberal thinking. You know, you can say immigration is wonderful. You get these abled bodies, hooray, but then you see it takes jobs, it lowers wages, and it drains services from the people who need them, the citizens who are there. Hence, the lawsuit. So, I think this is just more brilliance on the part of Republicans.HURT: Have you ever thought about running for public office, Greg?GUTFELD: Yes, I have. I have. But I just don't -- I don't think you --TARLOV: Have you spoken to Greg and know anything about his past?GUTFELD: Yes. Thank you, Jessica. Thank you.HURT: Very good. Coming up, woke liberals demanding businesses to stay open in crime-ridden cities.GUTFELD: That will never happen.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: America's crime crisis taking a bite out of California's most well- known fast-food chain. In-N-Out Burger will be closing its only Oakland location which has been open for nearly two decades. The company citing crime and safety concerns is the reason why.An opinion columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle isn't pleased by the move. She tweeted, "Remember, In-N-Out isn't some benevolent institution. It's a fast-food chain driven by profit goals. If In-N-Out's primary concern is the well-being of the communities it serves, it wouldn't be leaving."Judge?PIRRO: Why me first? I'm disgusted by this. You know, so you shouldn't worry about the number of employees that are assaulted. And when they leave, the new employees coming in who don't want to take the job, potential employees because they don't want to get assaulted, or you know, the fact that it takes police longer to get there because the police have been defunded or 911 isn't as fast as it used to be.And you know, you can't get employees who want to work late because everybody's getting beat up or the cars are broken into to outside. And you hope your insurance company will still cover you. And this woman who was a former blogger who's a co-host of a podcast called the Racist Sandwich, she wants -- she wants you to stay in business because she does. I mean, it's just stupid.TARLOV: Well, that's why I went to you first. Charlie, this In-N-Out has been there for 20 years. It's actually part of the community. And people's kids have worked there and then gone on to college and --HURT: I'm just impressed by the amount of homework you did.TARLOV: For this block she's like caught everything.MACCALLUM: I'm glad you went to her first.PIRRO: Thank you.HURT: I missed that part but you -- but then again you also sort of mopped up all the important points. No, but -- no, but this is -- this is like the definition, the actual definition of communism where you control the means of production and you say no, you cannot go out of business even though you're the same people -- not you but these people, these people out there. They're the same people who have ushered in all of the misery with all of their crazy, lunatic policies that make it have to close in the first place.TARLOV: Greg, do you like In-N-Out Burger or Whataburger?GUTFELD: I'm trying to think of what a racist sandwich could be. Like --MACCALLUM: That's what I want to know.GUTFELD: -- BLMT, BLMT?PIRRO: Well, she talks about race, gender, and class in sandwiches.GUTFELD: She has a lot of time in her hands. She does not go outside. She's in her footsie pajamas holding a cat. That's what her life is. That's why she says, you should keep it open, because she doesn't go outside. When you hear that another store is closing in Oakland, you're always shocked that there's still remaining stores in Oakland. That's why -- if you're going to open a store in Oakland, that's like getting dressed for the captain's table at the Titanic.It's common knowledge though. This is Gavin Newsom's favorite family restaurant, so this is a direct attack on him.MACCALLUM: I thought it was the French Laundry.GUTFELD: No, no, no, for his family. For his family. Because -- and also he would use the grease from the burger wrappers to shellack his hair. So, this is a big gut punch to Newsom more so than the burgers themselves. This has got to hurt.TARLOV: Martha?MACCALLUM: Well, I think everything has been said. But --GUTFELD:MACCALLUM: You know, I would just say that it's a -- it's a -- it's the town's responsibility to encourage small business to thrive, right? And you do that by giving them incentives to stay open, maybe they should be giving companies tax breaks in order to encourage them to be in Oakland, and then they're going to have to provide police security. And you know, when people break in, they're going to have to put them in jail. It's a pretty simple equation.GUTFELD: Oakland is gone.TARLOV: OK. Up next, outrage is growing after the Oscars snub the women of Barbie but nominate Ken.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEN, CHARACTER, BARBIE: I'm just Ken, anywhere else I'd be a ten Is it my destiny to live and die a life of blonde fragility?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And I'm just Greg. Fans of Barbie are outraged after the Oscars snub the flick's leading lady Margo Robbie and director Greta Gerwig for the best actress and director categories. Ryan Gosling, my lookalike, got nominated for his iconic portrayal of Ken in the Best Actor in the Supporting Role category. But even he wasn't pleased by the patriarchy winning again saying, "There's no Ken without Barbie. To say I'm disappointed that they are not nominated in their respective categories would be an understatement."Martha, you've been chopping at that bed over this. Does this mean we still have a long way to go for women?MACCALLUM: No. Oh, my God.GUTFELD: They can't break the doll ceiling.MACCALLUM: I'm sure that everyone who is in his position feels bad for the other people in the movie who didn't get nominated, so I don't blame him. When I watched this movie, I thought it was -- it was -- I didn't know what it was. It was trying to be so many things at once. At first, I thought it was Toy Story. I'm like, OK, I get it. You know, like the toys come to life. Then I thought it was Elf. Like, toy leaves toy world and goes to the real world. But then it started layering on all of these like crazy heavy- handed ridiculous things about patriarchy and how women all just feel like the standard is so high for them that they can't meet it.The only thing I loved that made me laugh so hard was I'm just Ken by Ryan Gosling. So, I think he's the only one who really deserved any award.GUTFELD: There you go. You know, Jessica, I heard the Academy sub the movie because they thought Barbie was actually about Klaus Barbie.TARLOV: I hadn't heard that.GUTFELD: Yes, yes.TARLOV: But I've been in New Hampshire. I was bummed about this mostly for Greta Gerwig. And I don't know how she could have -- she did get the nomination for adapted screenplay, but she could have directed a billion- dollar franchise movie and not have gotten it.PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: And the song itself should have been nominated. So, Ryan Gosling as an actor but that's -- that song was a huge hit.MACCALLUM: Yes, why not?GUTFELD: Judge, is this pure sexism run amuck?PIRRO: No, because six of the eight nominated for -- in the movie bar were females, number one. Number two is he got nominated for supporting actor. She was not in the league of a lead actress given the fact that we had Emma Stone, Lily Gladstone from -- and Annette Bening from Nyad. I mean, those were major leading ladies in a major film. So, I'm not surprised that she wasn't nominated for that. It wasn't that demanding a role. She just had to look perfect.TARLOV: Her feet.GUTFELD: You know --TARLOV: Is your feet like that?GUTFELD: Charlie, I'm more upset that Jennifer Lawrence didn't get an Oscar nod for No Hard Feelings, probably one of the greatest female roles ever.HURT: She did her own stunts.GUTFELD: She did her own stunts. The beach stunts were unbelievable.HURT: Remarkable.GUTFELD: Yes.HURT: I'm not surprised either that that would --MACCALLUM: You know, I don't think -- like, when Martin Scorsese got overlooked, people didn't sit around a table and go oh, it's because he's a man.PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: Well, but --MACCALLUM: I mean, it's ridiculous. Like, to count like oh, well, how many women and how many men and it has to be even. I mean, it's like --TARLOV: It doesn't have to be even but it could be like a fraction of it.MACCALLUM: It should be based on whether or not a breakup in a movie blew you away.PIRRO: Is there anything that he did that impressed you as a supporting actor? No.TARLOV: Yes.MACCALLUM: Oh, he's hilar -- no, I thought it was the best thing in the whole movie.TARLOV: He was great.MACCALLUM: So, I think they felt like they had to give it to a couple of things in the movie.PIRRO: They should -- they made a lot of money.GUTFELD: They should have led with this. It's way more interesting than what happened last night. Am I right?MACCALLUM: It's way bigger than New Hampshire.GUTFELD: All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time for "ONE MORE THING." Greg, hit it.GUTFELD: We are back tonight. We got Lee Zeldin, Charlie Hurt, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus. That's tonight at 10:00.Let's do this. Greg's Horses Angels. You know, I love to make a snow angel, but it's even better when you see a horse make a snow angel and then he can't get up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are you stuck?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Look at that.HURT: Oh, that's awesome.GUTFELD: Yes, he was --MACCALLUM: He's not moving.PIRRO: Does he move? Is he dead?GUTFELD: He played a little too hard in the snow and he can't get up. He's stuck in the snow.PIRRO: Oh, come on.GUTFELD: Yes. So, they had -- you know, they had to leave him there.MACCALLUM: I think he just wants a belly scratch.GUTFELD: They had to leave him there.TARLOV: Like a puppy?GUTFELD: And it's a sad story actually.PIRRO: That's a very sad story.GUTFELD: No, he's fine, Judge. Just watch it.TARLOV: Is that how you (INAUDIBLE).PIRRO: I am watching.GUTFELD: My God.PIRRO: I'm watching a guy pull him up.GUTFELD: Yes, that's what he's doing. He's getting the little guy out of the snow. See? This is a lesson to everybody. When it snows, watch your horse.MACCALLUM: There he goes.GUTFELD: There he goes. He's up. Everything's happy.PIRRO: All right, Jessica.TARLOV: OK. So, former NFL superstar Eli Manning took part in the first- ever guide dog draft in New York City on Tuesday. The event was hosted by Guiding Eyes For the Blind, a nonprofit that breeds, trains, and raises dogs for people with vision loss. He personally handed over a yellow -- a yellow lab named Ten after his New York Giants jersey number to the new handler who happens to be the organization's president and CEO. And the New York Giants had retired of that Jersey in 2021. It's very sweet.PIRRO: All right, it's time for --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, so check out these robbers who do -- did their best impersonation the Three Stooges, OK. We have Curley, Larry, and Moe. Larry is the first to take a tumble.MACCALLUM: I love it.PIRRO: Then Curly trips over him, and Moe narrowly manages to stay on his feet. There's another group of them. All right, Martha.TARLOV: I like that segment.MACCALLUM: Oh, this is just a Blockbuster box that's like those share library things in the neighborhood. But I do have nostalgia about going to Blockbuster on Friday night and like, arguing over like, you know, which stack of movies you're going to bring home for the weekend, and everybody could pick one. So --TARLOV: And you have to go on time.MACCALLUM: Yes.TARLOV: Like, at the -- so you could get it.MACCALLUM: Yes, that's right.PIRRO: Yes. All right.GUTFELD: That's all free?PIRRO: Charlie?HURT: All right, check out this video of an alligator completely frozen but still alive with his nose sticking out at the top. Thanks to global warming, his swamp froze.PIRRO: All right.TARLOV: Oh, my gosh.PIRRO: That's it for us. Have a great night, everybody. We'll be back.