JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: They'll talk about the UFC, WWE, Trump and the possibility of Rock running for president. I don't think so. But what do I know? And much more. Don't miss it.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Dana, you have 10 seconds.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Watch before we go tomorrow because I have something funny about Johnny and the marching band.WATTERS: All right. That's it for us. Have a great night, everybody.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, Jesse. Did you check out the spa, I didn't remember?WATTERS: No, you were booked.BAIER: All right, thank you.Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. We are coming to you tonight live from Bedford, New Hampshire, where citizens here and throughout the state had been voting all day long in the first in the nation primary election of the 2024 presidential cycle.Former President Donald Trump had coming into this day a commanding lead in the polls while on the Democratic side, President Biden is not even on the ballot here. We'll go over what we're learning from our Fox News voter analysis, the early version in just a few minutes.But we have Fox team coverage, Bryan Llenas in Concord, New Hampshire is following the Nikki Haley campaign. Correspondent Alexis McAdams starts us off tonight from Nashua with Team Trump. Good evening, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. Well, we did have a chance to catch up with the former president here on the ground in New Hampshire. He feels good going into primary night and feels like he has a lot of support here in the Granite State.But I asked him when we caught up with him if he's worried about Nikki Haley gaining steam at all, this is what he had to say, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) MCADAMS: Nikki Haley wanted it to be a two person race, right? I mean, she got that. You think it's going to go in her favor at all?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think it hurts her actually. I think it's going to hurt her. Probably have a big loss today. But who knows?(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And Fox has been on the ground for days, Bret trying to talk with voters to figure out what issues they care about. And it simply comes down to two main things, immigration and also the economy.Trump tells us that he believes his strong stance on the border is bringing people out to the polls.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: You know, the economy was big and inflation was big, it's all big. But this, I think the voter issue now is the biggest.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And so how confident is Donald Trump here in the Granite State, Bret? Well, he's already talking about potential V.P. picks. Some of those names that have been floated could be here in this room tonight in Nashua, New Hampshire. So we'll keep a close eye on that.But how is Nikki Haley feeling tonight? Let's check in with my colleague Bryan Llenas who's been following her campaign. Hi, Bryan.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Alexis. Well, look, Nikki Haley says regardless of the result tonight, she's not going anywhere. The former U.N. Ambassador under President Trump says she's staying in this race even if her former boss thinks she should drop out.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NIKKI HALEY, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO U.N.: I don't do what he tells me to do. I've never done what he tells me to do.Look, I mean, I think I don't strong -- I've always said, we'll know strong when the numbers come in. It's not like a certain number.We're going to go and fight until the very last poll closes. And then we're headed to my sweet state of South Carolina. And we're going to make the case there as well.LLENAS (voice over): Tonight, the Haley campaign says it's feeling good, no campaign has covered more ground in New Hampshire with more than 100 campaign stops or spent more money with $30 million in ads.Haley says it's time for a new generation of Republican leadership, arguing Trump and President Biden are too old and too distracted by investigations.Now, Haley's campaign is betting on high voter turnout today, particularly from independents, a group with which she fares well.In a memo today, Haley's campaign urged everyone to take a deep breath. This campaign is going all the way through at least Super Tuesday.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): Now, before losing badly to Trump in Iowa, Haley infamously said, Iowa starts it. New Hampshire corrects it. Tonight, we'll find out, Bret.BAIER: We will indeed. Bryan, Alexis, thanks so much.Vice President Kamala Harris and President Biden in Virginia today to talk about abortion rights. While it is a core issue for progressives, doesn't resonate with a significant portion of voters across the country. White House Correspondent Peter Doocy takes a look tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I believe 2024 is going to be the most important election we've had since 1864.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The 2024 debut of the Democratic ticket, a rally for reproductive rights.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The government should not be telling her what to do with her body.DOOCY (voice over): This event, 500 miles away from New Hampshire where President Biden isn't on the ballot and hopes to win as a write-in.RAY BUCKLEY, NEW HAMPSHIRE DEMOCRATIC PARTY: We're looking forward to a great turnout. There's going to be significantly more people voting in this primary than did in 2012 when President Obama was running for re-election.DOOCY (voice over): Immigration a top issue in nearly every poll as the administration wins a suit against Texas allowing Border Patrol agents to cut razor wire along the border.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: What Texas was doing, the governor was doing was actually ineffective.DOOCY (voice over): Congressman Chip Roy, the Texas Republican posts on X, consider that we are a nation so unserious and broken that we are paying Border Patrol to secure the border but we'll pay them instead to cut razor wire against most of their/slash personal desire to stop Texas from trying to do what BP's core mission is.DOOCY: Why are you guys making it easier for people to enter the country illegally?JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: I don't believe we are.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): It took President Biden a lot longer than planned to deliver his remarks about abortion access tonight, he was interrupted by hecklers shouting about a ceasefire in Gaza 14 times.Towards the end, the president appeared to grow frustrated and he conceded to the crowd that it was going to go on for a while because they, the protesters, had it all planned. And he was right, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live on the North Lawn. Peter, thank you.Let's find out what the voters here in New Hampshire are saying. "AMERICA REPORTS" anchors Sandra Smith is in New York with a look at the early Fox voter analysis. Good evening, Sandra.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Bret. Super excited to bring our viewers this brand new data that we're getting from voters on the ground there. Our team has been investigating what is driving voters to the ballot box in New Hampshire. This is an early look at our Fox News voter analysis survey of Republican primary voters on the ground there.So far, our top findings on the ground do show the difference in the landscapes from what we saw in Iowa, particularly when it comes to evangelical Christians. We know Trump won that category in large part thanks to their support in Iowa.But in New Hampshire, this is a different story. Only one in five there I say that they are evangelical Christians.Remember, this was a much different number in Iowa, it was 46 percent on the ground in Iowa, you're looking at a 25 point margin there. That is a key difference.Another key difference is our findings when it comes to the share of voters that identify as MAGA supporters, OK, on the ground in New Hampshire, that number is 49 percent. You'll remember it was more like 62 percent on the ground in Iowa.So, you're looking again at a pretty big margin, 23 percent difference there.Now, here's a bit of a gut check question that we put to voters on the ground in New Hampshire. Who do you think's going to win the GOP nomination? Pretty simple question. Pretty simple answer.Fewer than two and 10 GOP primary voters expect that person to be Nikki Haley, but far more as you can see, nearly eight and 10 say Donald Trump wins. That includes some Haley supporters.But how satisfied would they be if it is actually Donald Trump? That's the next question we put to New Hampshire voters. Most say they'd be happy enough to vote for him in November. But one third, 32 percent said that they would not.Now, look at this. The overall satisfaction is the same when we asked that question for Nikki Haley, taking a look at that. Here's the numbers. Would you vote for Nikki Haley if she was the nominee, one third said they would not support her at the top of the ticket. 64 percent said yes.Now, on the other side, how satisfied are New Hampshire Democrats with President Biden? This is a really big question for voters on the ground there. Nearly all Democratic primary voters had said that they would back Biden in November.Now, Bret, one more key finding for you before we go, was a question that we put in our survey about party identification. Our survey shows that 10 percent of GOP primary voters today say they generally think of themselves as Democrats. Really important status. I hand it back to you there, Bret.BAIER: Sandra, that's interesting. We'll have more of that throughout the night. Appreciate it.Let's talk about today's primary, the presidential election. Joining us now Fox News Chief Political Analyst Brit Hume and Kellyanne Conway, former senior counselor to President Trump. Thank you both for being here.You know, that last stat, it tracks with the New Hampshire voter registration by party. Republicans that roughly 30 percent, Democrats 30 percent, undeclared here, Brit, big, almost 40 percent. And really that number is what we're looking at how it turns out for Nikki Haley tonight.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Exactly, and we see the party identification of those who actually voted in the Republican, overwhelmingly Republicans. Much more overwhelming than the numbers might suggest if you have all these independents who are undeclared, as they call and vote here in New Hampshire.So, that on at least looking at it at first blush would not be good news for Nikki Haley, who, you know, she ran into the lane, very different from what Ron DeSantis tried in Iowa. He failed, but he ran basically in the same lane as Trump and was bidding for the Trump voter who he believed I think, unfortunately for him, those Trump voters are ready to turn away from Trump. They turned out not to be.Haley presumably had a more a different lane and a better chance perhaps here and this was a good state for her. If she doesn't do well tonight, will we begin to think, well, where do you go? You know, how can anybody beat this guy in this cycle?BAIER: Right. On the flip side of that, Kellyanne, is that if you have, let's say, 320,000, roughly voters today, you had 100,000, roughly in Iowa, that would be 420,000 overall who had voted and someone could say who was a pro-Nikki Haley person will want to keep the fight going. Even if you lose by five, 10. It starts to get ugly at 15.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Sure. Well, the short answer, Bret is that there probably isn't enough anti-Trump vote to beat Donald Trump. New Hampshire has a tradition of shock and awe. They like to say that they're the protest vote, but I believe the protest vote this year for New Hampshire, Republican primary participants is not Nikki Haley or Ron DeSantis or Chris Christie. It's Donald Trump. He's still seen as the insurgent outsider. He's still seen as the disrupter. And that is an advantage he has that he can couple with a presidential record now.Now, sure, less than half a million in Iowa, New Hampshire voting as you correctly point out, but these are the first two states and it looks like Donald Trump is on track to perhaps get the majority of the vote again, if you look at everybody's polling. That is truly dominant.Look, I think the DeSantis point is an important one. People kept making excuses for him giving him a mulligan, they never give on to the world's most famous political golfer, but it was, wait, he didn't announce it. Wait till the money comes in, wait until he starts campaigning. Everybody waited.But Ron DeSantis was chasing people whose hearts already belong to someone else. And we women know that's a bad thing strategy from the beginning.But look, I think in the case of Nikki, I think, look, for Donald Trump, his opponents were confident, his opponent's donors were certain. But the voters still seem unconvinced.I think if she can turn it around to go to South Carolina, then she's talking but there's just doesn't tend to be enough as Republican nominee within the Republican constituency for her.BAIER: You look at the Fox News voter analysis, the number one issue here in New Hampshire is the number one issue we saw on Iowa immigration. I went to a couple of rallies for the former president.You know, for all the talk about all the controversial stuff that he says the campaign is pretty disciplined on that immigration issue. And he hits it every time, a lot of time.HUME: And he has a record on it. Just talk about needing more money policy changes and all that. He without any policy changes, without any new legislation, without a lot more money, he was able to get things basically under control of the border.So, that normalcy in his favor because of the prevalence of the issue. And what's striking about that issue to me with for a long time, it didn't appear that it was really emerging as an issue.So, the scenes down on the border and you're saying, my God, how can we tolerate that? It was -- it was a ticking time bomb. And I think now it's gone off and it redound to the benefit principally in this race of Donald Trump.BAIER: And quickly, I mean, the President, President Biden has to be looking at that as a major weakness in his campaign. As you start to paint the general election, eventually we get there.CONWAY: That's right, Bret. And actually, he's got Democratic governors and Senator John Fetterman and others now raising the alarm bells and saying it is a crisis. We don't care if you call it that or not. But it is a true crisis. Eight million people is larger than the population of about 40 of our states.So, people know what they see, not just what the Democrats say,Look, when Donald Trump elevated immigration in 2015, nine years ago, it was about three percent in the polling, but he'd figured it's also an economic issue. It's a fairness issue. It's a sovereignty and security issue.Now, it's a top issue because Biden has completely ignored it. He needs to go back down there, he needs to have Kamala Harris go back down there and stop pretending that abortion is going to be the number one issue in the general.BAIER: Some tells me the former president will probably be down on the border sometime soon as well. Kellyanne, Brit, thank you very much. See you later.Another headlines tonight, the man referred to as Hunter Biden's sugar brother told house impeachment investigators he voluntarily loaned money to help a struggling friend. A transcript of the interview with Kevin Morris reveals he met Hunter at a Biden Harris campaign event November of 2019. Started helping him covers bills just weeks later and paid the majority of the $1.4 million the younger Biden owed in federal back taxes.Meantime, a federal appeals court in Washington has denied former President Trump's request to toss the gag order on his speech related to special counsel Jack Smith's election interference case. A judge first imposed the partial gag order in October, blocking the former president from making statements targeting Smith, his staff, witnesses and court personnel.Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich was visited by the U.S. Ambassador to Russia last week. Lynne Tracy says Gershkovich appeared in good spirits despite circumstances. She said he remains grateful for the support he continues to receive from family and friends.Gershkovich was detained in March of last year on espionage charges he denies. He spent his 300th day in custody earlier this week.Stocks were mixed today on week earnings. The Dow lost 96, the S&P 500 gained 14, the NASDAQ was up 66.When we come back, the worst tragedy for Israeli troops since the war with Hamas began. We'll take you live to Tel Aviv.And later, what voters here in New Hampshire are saying about the first in the nation primary? Before that, the history list.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It didn't really become the primary as we know it until 1952.BAIER: And do you think that since that time, it's evolved into kind of a pride?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. And this is something that really defines the state's political culture. It means the world comes to us every four years. It makes our lives Interesting.BAIER: Tell me why 1952 is important.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sure. In 1952, you had an open nomination for the Republican Party. One of the leading candidates was Robert Taft,ROBERT TAFT, FORMER SENATOR OF OHIO: I'm Robert Taft.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Taft, because I think he is the best qualified man in the country for the job.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's very isolationist, in his view of the world. And the more moderate, more internationalist wing of the Republican Party wasn't really happy about that. They were trying to find somebody who could oppose him, and they still thought of Eisenhower.Well, Eisenhower wasn't sure he wanted to run. So, they actually put his name on the ballot without his permission, and essentially told people, look, you'd like Ike, right, vote for Ike.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm (INAUDIBLE), but I'm going to vote for Ike.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And it worked.DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Ladies and gentlemen, I believe we can have peace with honor reasonable security with national solid, I believe in the future of the United States of America.(END VIDEOTAPE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Turkish legislators have endorsed Sweden's membership in NATO. That lifts a major hurdle on the entry into the military alliance, for the previously non-aligned country.Hungary is the lone remaining NATO ally that has not yet ratified Sweden's accession.Russian missile -- missiles struck three Ukrainian cities today. At least seven people were killed there. Officials say this barrage, included more than 40 ballistic cruise and anti-aircraft and guided missiles, the United Nations is saying it appears that this is the heaviest bombardment since early January.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is vowing what he calls absolute victory, following the death of 21 Israeli soldiers in the deadliest attack on IDF forces since the war with Hamas began.Correspondent Alex Hogan is in Tel Aviv with the latest tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): It's the deadliest attack on Israeli forces in Gaza since the start of the war.LT. GEN. HERZI HALEVI, CHIEF OF THE GENERAL STAFF, ISRAEL DEFENSE FORCES (through translator): We share the sorrow of their families for the heavy loss and to know the pain is unbearable.HOGAN (voice over): The IDF says 21 were killed by Palestinian militants when a grenade aimed at a tank took down two buildings flushing the troops inside. The military planes it's now encircled the city of Khan Younis. But the U.N. warns Israeli attacks hit a shelter for displaced civilians, killing, at least six people.As the death toll soars, the World Health Organization reports that strikes on health care facilities are rising as well.And in Jerusalem, families of the hostages are demanding action.LIRAN BERMAN, BROTHER OF HOSTAGES: We saw that only through deals, the hostages came back alive.HOGAN: Among the families are Liran, Elay, and Omri -- men fighting to bring home their little brothers, Ziv, Gali, Idan and Evyatar.They are begging the Biden administration and governments of Qatar and Egypt to mediate. According to a senior Egyptian official, Hamas has rejected Israel's proposal of a two-month ceasefire in exchange for the Israeli hostages.Know when a deal is on the table, the brothers say their role is clear.OMRI SHITIVI, BROTHER OF HOSTAGE: Our efforts in Israel, it's to press on our government to accept a deal.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No matter what the deal is.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOGAN: As tensions boil in the Middle East, New tonight, the USS it launched airstrikes on three facilities in Iraq used by a Iranian-backed militia. This follows repeated attacks on U.S. personnel in Iraq and Syria. Bret.BAIER: Alex Hogan, in Tel Aviv. Alex, thanks.From immigration to inflation. We hear from New Hampshire voters as they decide who will get their vote this primary. Also, we talked to two of the lesser-known candidates on the ballot here.But as we go to break, a trip to a very special political stop.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Robie's Country Store here on the banks of the Merrimack River is an historic landmark in between Concord, Manchester. If you want to talk politics, this is the place to do it. It's been happening for decades.There is a plaque next to the counter, commemorating Jimmy Carter's stop here in 1975. Now, this place is owned again by long lost cousins of the original owner. If you want to talk politics or to have a good burger, Robie's Country Store is the place to do it.SPECIAL REPORT continues after this.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to New Hampshire.Before they headed out to the polls today, we spoke with a few voters about what's on their minds as they made their final decision.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Don't complain about what happens in a general election, if you don't plan this primary. It matters.BAIER (voice over): It is a More than 100-year tradition.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Every one of you is going to cast the most important vote of your entire life.BAIER (voice over): That could reveal an upset winner.HALEY: Thirteen good people all wanted to go and do something right by the country, but one by one you saw them leave.BAIER: Or solidify a frontrunner's dominance.TRUMP: We are soon going to soon be leaving New Hampshire with a big -- I think a big victory, right?(APPLAUSE)BAIER: With two left in the race --So as we are sitting here, Governor Ron DeSantis is dropping out of this race, which is kind of a surprise.DONNA MORIN, NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER: Yes.BAIER: New Hampshire voters --TIM KOLOJAY, NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER: I have been paying attention to politics for longer than probably you have been born.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: -- know the importance.MARYANN VAILAS, NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER: It's an honor, definitely.BAIER: -- of their role in the primary season.ALYSSA EHL, NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER: We take it very seriously.BAIER: Most voters in this state are registered independents. Many have voted for candidates from both parties.So you have kind of evolved, and you think the Democratic Party has evolved.EHL: The Democratic Party left the people. The people aren't leaving the party.BAIER: Alyssa Ehl voted for Barack Obama in 2008 and later changed her affiliation to Republican.EHL: They're going too far extreme to the left. And I just can't support their ideals at this time.BAIER: Alyssa says she likes several candidates this election cycle, including Vivek Ramaswamy, Ron DeSantis, and Donald Trump. But with just the former president left out of her top three, she still has some hesitancy.He's obviously up in the polls, so what is your concern about just being able to beat the president, President Biden?EHL: He lost last time in 2020. So I'm kind of concerned that his reputation is going to be an issue.TRUMP: Because they did mess with me, now they've got us and me for four more years.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: We will drive them crazy.EHL: A lot of people are saturated with the whole Trump drama.BAIER: So Nikki Haley is running on the fact that she points to polls that she is up over Biden. That's one of her closing pitches.EHL: I just feel as though it's just not her time. She is just not firm enough on a lot of her issues.VAILAS: New Hampshire voters are unique. They do their reading. They do their research, and they make the best vote.BAIER: Maryann Vailas is a bookkeeper and property manage from her Bedford.BAIER: What other things are issues that you care about?VAILAS: I have four sons that live in the area and a stepdaughter. And I worry that they can't afford to buy a house. And I worry about the border issue, huge.BAIER: She says Nikki Haley impressed her that first debate.VAILAS: I'm generally a pro-life person, but I think there needs to be some exceptions, and when she pointed out that we would never pass that throughout Congress, it just struck me.BAIER: Maryann says New Hampshire takes its job seriously.What's amazing here is that there are so many people that are passionate about this choice. You all take it seriously, it seems to me.VAILAS: New Hampshire has had a longstanding tradition. It's part of our constitution that we have in the first in the nation primary. And that's why the Democrats are missing the boat, basically.BAIER: Tim Kolojay believes former President Trump is the only one who can win.KOLOJAY: I have never been to a Trump rally.TRUMP: Thank you very much. This is a crowded place.(APPLAUSE)KOLOJAY: But he draws them like it's unbelievable.BAIER: Tim has voted for President Trump in the past two election cycle and plans to support him once again.If you're leaning towards Trump, you think he can win a general election. Are you pretty confident?KOLOJAY: Well, I thought he was going to win the general election last time. I guess people are just upset with his actions and his attitudes. I think with all these criminal indictments thrown at him, you always vote for the underdog. I vote for the underdog. And to me, he has become an underdog. So we'll see.BAIER: So you think it actually kind of unites people.KOLOJAY: I think it unites people. I really do.BAIER: Tim says he understands why the former president has faced criticism, but also believes Trump's policies were much better for the country.What's the issue that most drives you?KOLOJAY: You talk to a lot of people, and they say economy and immigration. I liked a lot of things that Donald Trump did back the four years he was here. He may have spoken too loudly and too much on Twitter. He upset a lot of people. But as far as what he did for this country, I liked it.BAIER: We first met Donna Morin eight years ago.It's been a while. We came in 2016, 2020. In 2016 you supported --MORIN: I kind of like Chris Christie.And Jeb Bush.Go Jeb.So embarrassing, yes.BAIER: And then 2020 we came back.Are you settled on one?MORIN: I am.And?MORIN: I'm settled on Pete Buttigieg. I'm very excited about him.BAIER: And so this time, as you look at it, where are you?MORIN: I am definitely going to be supporting Nikki Haley.BAIER: Similar to candidates she supported in past elections, Donna likes Nikki Haley's more moderate policies.MORIN: She wants to stay strong by helping Ukraine. That's vital. I just feel like she has a lot more honesty to her.HALEY: I've always spoken in hard truths, and I'm going to do that with you tonight.MORIN: Whatever the result Tuesday night, Donna says it's a lesson for her students.BAIER: So you teach American government.MORIN: I do. Love it. Yes.BAIER: Do you?MORIN: Yes.BAIER: And the kids, are they into this primary process?MORIN: Yes, a lot of them are really into it. They better vote on Tuesday because a lot of them are 18.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): Our thanks to the voters there.As we told you earlier, President Biden is not on the ballot here in New Hampshire. The DNC chose South Carolina to start officially. But that leaves a bit of an opening here for someone who is on the Democratic side, Minnesota Congressman Dean Phillips.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: What are you thinking about today? What needs to happen?REP. DEAN PHILLIPS, (D-MN) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, first of all, what I'm thinking about is what a beautiful practice of democracy here. It is so unique, so few Americans know how seriously they take it here. It's kind of almost the first interview for the entire country.BAIER: Yes.PHILLIPS: And I think we should treasure that.My party has disenfranchised Democrats here. They have literally said this is meaningless. We won't seat your delegates.I'm here to bring a little of excitement to this race, because gosh knows we need it.BAIER: Could this be embarrassing for President Biden.PHILLIPS: I think it already is. And it saddens me because I respect him. I think he made a terrible decision. And I think our parties right now are actually diminishing this practice rather than elevating it.BAIER: I saw that you went to a Donald Trump rally, and you talked about that and kind of the message it sent, the people you met.PHILLIPS: I thought, I'm going to show them how I lead, which is to run to the fire. I didn't expect to be treated nicely, to be honest with you. But my goodness, I will never forget it. Fifty people I spoke to, hospitable, friendly, kind, a lot of high fives, a lot of statements of glad you're in this race, showing some courage. And I've got to tell you, a diverse crowd. Many of them there for the first time.BAIER: What do you have to see?PHILLIPS: I have been a longshot most of my life. So if we're in the 20s today from zero, that's a heck of a statement. Either way, I'm going to keep going. I have to introduce myself to the country, at least give voters a choice. Neither party should be pursuing a coronation. That's what mine is right now. I think that's dangerous. Our country was founded on competition.I have spent so much money on this campaign I have nothing left in my pockets.BAIER: If it doesn't work in the long run to get the nomination, what's the message you want to send to President Biden and the administration?PHILLIPS: The message is that when you stay around a little too long, it poses great risks not just to your own legacy but to this country. Competition is good. And if the president would just come out and debate, face voters, answer questions, do a town hall, show up, at least show the Americans that are going to vote that you are ready for the task. That's what I'm doing. I think the contrast alone might be just what he and the country need.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): One of the least known of the remaining Republican candidates on the ballot here in New Hampshire is Ryan Binkley. He's a businessman, church pastor from Texas, virtually no national profile. But he is on 30, yes, 30 state ballots. That is no small feat. And he is suing, actually, to be on another one. And he did outperform some better known politicians in Iowa.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)RYAN BINKLEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: They are saying, who in the blank is Ryan Binkley?BAIER: You are a businessman, but you are a pastor?BINKLEY: Yes.BAIER: And what happened? You just got a calling?BINKLEY: Yes, I did. You know, my heart, I really felt it.I know that many of you may not have met me yet.If I would have told you nine months ago, Bret, that there would be a guy standing here today with you, and he made it past a vice president, a couple governors, a few billionaires, I don't know, congressmen, a senator, would have you taken that bet?BAIER: You are on a lot of ballots. It costs a lot of money. Sometimes it takes a lot of signatures. There's people wondering, so why are you going to this level of effort?BINKLEY: You know, Bret, if you a child that's in a burning building, and this is what I see America today with the debt and the division with no plan out, and you've got a small percent chance of getting them out, you and them out alive, do you run in?BAIER: Yes.BINKLEY: Or do you walk away?BAIER: You have a lot of individual donors. Where is all the money coming from?BINKLEY: Primarily a lot from me. I've self-funded quite a bit of it. But we do have 82,000 donors.BAIER: It's not a moneymaking operation, can't be. Money is going out the door, right?BINKLEY: Oh, absolutely. But you know what? I just believe in it. I'm fighting for your kids, my kids.BAIER: You know what the Trump people are saying, he is trying to get on all these ballots to be the Cornel West, the RFK Jr. to the Republican side, so evangelicals who are disaffected from Donald Trump have another line to vote for.BINKLEY: I'm not trying to disrupt anything. Listen, America can't wait four years. Our generation, yours and mine, will be known as the generation that prospered the most but sacrificed the least.BAIER: So you don't think Donald Trump is able to tap into those issues?BINKLEY: Well, I don't know. He has been around for many years, and has he? So you look at our big cities. I'm from Texas. We lost every major city, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, Austin, for the first time in 65 years, Fort Worth. This was like the alamo of conservatism in north Texas.Did dear god help us.BAIER: You are going to keep going?BINKLEY: Yes. You see the voices. Are we connecting to the multiculture communities that are growing, the changing electorate of our nation? We're not. You know it. I know it. And I'm telling America not every Republican is like that.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): We'll see what happens tonight.Coming up, our all-star panel breaks down the first in the nation primary. Plus, Bill Hemmer is at the big board for a preview of tonight's returns, coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Let's find out what history and demographics tell us about what to expect when we start getting results from here in New Hampshire at the primary. My colleague Bill Hemmer at the touch screen.BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Hi, brother.BAIER: You'll be busy tonight.HEMMER: We left the monitor in Des Moines. It is still thawing out.(LAUGHTER)HEMMER: We shipped a new one up here, so this is 2.0.So come over here and I will paint a little broad strokes for you based on what we are seeing here in New Hampshire. We start on the Republican side, big story on the Democratic side, Brit mentioned it a moment ago. I'll come back in a minute here. But this is what is on the line, OK, 22 delegates at stake here in New Hampshire. We pop on in here. You are going to see the colors populate around 7:30, 8:00 tonight, all right? But you've got a little bit of orange on the screen already because Nikki Haley won six votes at midnight last night. Dixville Notch, a tiny little community up here in the northern part, the rural part of New Hampshire. It's a tradition in this state. She went six and zero against Donald Trump earlier today.This going back eight years now, OK. This is the last contested Republican primary in New Hampshire. Donald Trump rolled over John Kasich by 20 points, won all 10 counties. And we'll see whether or not he still has that force tonight as well.On the Democratic side, let me click on over here. See this? Delegates at stake -- zero. Now, there is a long explanation for this. But the DNC and Joe Biden didn't want it. They want to start in New Hampshire -- I'm sorry. They want to start in New Hampshire. New Hampshire said we are still going to do it. It's our state constitution. And that's the reason why you have 21 Democrats plus a write-in candidate tonight in New Hampshire. Now, we're going to be able to get an idea around 8:00 tonight how many wrote in Joe Biden's name. So, watch that throughout the night.As I wrap this up, Bret, so far we are OK, so this is -- this is the ballgame now. Trump got 20 delegates in Iowa. Ron DeSantis dropped two days ago, picked up nine. Nikki Haley stands at eight. It's 1,215 needed for that nomination. That's the ballgame.You mentioned history. If Donald Trump wins in New Hampshire tonight, he will be the first Republican in a contested primary to go two for two in the first two contests, Iowa and New Hampshire, since Gerald Ford in 1976.BAIER: He will also be the only person to win three New Hampshire primaries.HEMMER: And there is that too.BAIER: History in the making. Bill, thanks. We'll see you a little bit later.Let's bring in our panel, Josh Kraushaar is FOX News Radio political analyst, Trey Gowdy, former Congressman from South Carolina, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams.OK, Josh, you have seen some of the voter analysis going in. What strikes you? What strikes me, first of all, and we talked about this with Brit, is immigration for the second time in a row top issue.JOSH KRAUSHAAR, FOX NEWS RADIO POLITICAL ANALYST: Yes, immigration, and you just have to look at the campaign ads here in New Hampshire, and one of Donald Trump's most effective issues is hitting Nikki Haley for not being tough enough on illegal immigration. And I think he has gotten some traction in the final weeks of this campaign by showing he is the most hawkish candidate here on immigration.And it's been a really interesting contrast between Trump, who has the base, he has the MAGA base, and that makes up about half the Republican vote here in New Hampshire. But he has also been able to make some inroads with more traditional Republican voters, independent voters who also consider immigration as a very significant issue for them.BAIER: Yes, Trey, what are you looking at tonight? Obviously, it's a big pot of undeclared voters.TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's a question to me of whether never- Trumpers really are never-Trumpers. People who vote for Nikki Haley, will they come around in November, or conversely, if she is the nominee, will MAGA voters support her? It's also what I'm going to be listening for. The victory speech was conciliatory in Iowa. What kind of tone does the president -- I mean, there aren't enough Republicans to fight among themselves and still win in November. So, is there going to be a coalescing, or are they going to take this thing to my beloved home state?BAIER: Right. And the question is how far that go. Does, Juan, a second place within 10 points, does that give the momentum? Does the donor base say we are going to stick with you, Nikki Haley? We don't know the results, but if that pans out, 10 points, does that move her on?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: That's what the whole stake here in New Hampshire does the race go on towards Nevada and South Carolina in specific.BAIER: Bill Clinton in 92 was the comeback kid in second.WILLIAMS: That's right, but it was because he was in second, right? But I think that tonight, as people are watching, I think you should pay attention to whether or not she -- last night I said to you, can she get within five percentage points. I think the tone that we are hearing is more, maybe 10 points. But even if she does that, and I might add she is getting an infusion of money. She has done very well in the last few days in terms of fundraising. She had a big addition in terms of political action committee after Iowa. Her ads here have been strong. It looks like there's real argument that she has been making, foreign policy. There's a lane for her. There's a lane for her on fiscal restraint. There's a lane for her in terms of saying Trump is chaotic, he lies.But how much, to get back to Trey's point, how many of the educated, more urban Republicans who both in Iowa and here say we are not sure about Trump, are they willing to come home once we get towards November?BAIER: Yes. Secretary of State told Bryan Llenas that the turnout looks very strong. They made a prediction of anywhere between 322,000, 325,000. Doesn't know if that's going to hold up. If it does, it would be historic. And that would bode well at least for Nikki Haley tonight.KRAUSHAAR: Yes. I mean, look, she needs to get a lot of independent voters. She is hoping that some Democrats even cross over, anti-Trump Republicans, Democrats cross over into the Republican primary. So she needs big turnout.BAIER: You are saying undeclared that are Democrat?KRAUSHAAR: Correct, people who don't register as Democrats but tend to vote for them. So she needs to win over the lion's share of moderates, independents, less partisan voters. Donald Trump has, you look at the polls, Bret, Donald Trump has a sizeable advantage with the partisan, traditional rank-and-file Republicans. So Nikki Haley needs to expand that electorate tonight to win over the moderates and independents.BAIER: And Trey, on the Democratic side, we could have an interesting story, could have an interesting storyline with the write-in candidate. You have got Dean Phillips who is working the crowds. It could be embarrassing for the president, possibly.GOWDY: It could. And then he will have to come South Carolina like he did once before, and Jim Clyburn will drag him over the finish line. I think he's going to wind up being the nominee. I don't want to spoil the ending, but I think he is going to wind up being the nominee.But this is an unnecessary story that somebody with approval in the 30s probably doesn't need right now.WILLIAMS: You know what's interesting to me here is the tremendous sentiment that says we don't agree with your Middle East policy. Now, I know Republicans are going to say no, we think he has been trying there. But, boy, there are a lot of Democrats who don't buy into it.BAIER: There is a progressive movement to write in "Ceasefire" on the write-in instead of President Biden. Gentlemen, thank you very much.Up next, we'll take you behind the scenes here at the FOX News headquarters in New Hampshire. Be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: All right, welcome to the Bedford Village Inn. We have essentially taken over this whole property. Here's the makeup. Melissa (ph), can you say hi? Hello. And we have taken over this entire area and made it TV sets, a bunch of them, that we're going to show you behind the scenes very quickly.As we go past here, this is the coffee area, we will go into this room here. This is the big set. This is where Hannity is. This is where they have FOX NEWS SUNDAY, the FOX & FRIENDS couch is put in here. Harris Faulkner does a show here, has done it. And then we have other sets as well.So, follow me. We will go outside and show you around. OK, so you popped in between the buildings. This is obviously the set you see behind us in the big box. I'm going to take you over there now. A little fast-forward. Come on, follow me.Guys, how are you? What's going on? I wanted to pop up here.This is what we call the FOX box. Let's take you inside here. This is our studio -- you got the door there? Inside here is our studio for the election coverage for SPECIAL REPORT. You can see through the window, it's kind of like a snow globe here. And this is the billboard where Bill Hemmer will be getting all of the results in through the night.I'm going to take you to one more spot. Follow me.BAIER: Jesse Watters.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Bret, I've got to be at work in about five minutes.BAIER: You can handle the cold, man. Look at you.WATTERS: I know. I don't need to bundle up. I'm from New England.BAIER: I'm going to get you one of these SPECIAL REPORT jackets.WATTERS: I don't need any of your free stuff.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: See you.OK. So this is the area that we have our dining for all the staff. Right in here. Dinner, behind the scenes, lovely spread. And then come on down this hall.All right, and this is our newsroom, our home away from home as we finish up the New Hampshire primary. Thanks for watching. Oh, wait, Harris. No, no. We won't show you. We won't show you. Hold on, she has got curlers in. It's OK.We will see you tonight for special coverage fair, balanced and unafraid.(END VIDEO TAPE)