NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: So, after Iowa, who is it going to rock the Granite State? Donald Trump, Ron DeSantis and Nikki Haley all in New Hampshire as we speak with events set to kick off in this very hour.But for Republican presidential candidates not named Donald J. Trump, the hope now is to replenish coffers that in some cases are emptying, and emptying fast.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto, and it's all about the money and keeping track of the donors and what they're up to as the sands shift dramatically, or, should I say, the piles of snow from Iowa.Welcome.Let's get right to it with Bryan Llenas. He is in Atkinson, New Hampshire, with the very latest -- Bryan.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Well, former President Trump is set to have his first rally here in New Hampshire at the Atkinson Country Club, his first rally in the Granite State in about a month, and he's hoping to ride that momentum from his historic win in Iowa.Take a look at this. These are just some of the folks who've been waiting in line here in the cold and snow to get into this rally. Vivek Ramaswamy will be here after he dropped out of the race and endorsed Trump last night. This will mark the first time that they are sharing a stage together.It remains to be seen if they will actually start on time, given the fact that the former president left the defamation court case in New York City, that courtroom about an hour ago, so we shall see.We spoke to Trump supporters who have been braving the weather here, some since 5:00 a.m., and this is what they had to say about former President Trump and the state of this race.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ZACHARY ST. PIERRE, TRUMP SUPPORTER: I think everybody should drop out and unite under one candidate. That way, we can get this country back on the right track.CARLOS, TRUMP SUPPORTER: They should all support one candidate, so we can defeat the deep state and the liberal Democrats.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that the people who are staying in have a reason to stay in, and they appeal to different groups So it will make it a more interesting -- more interesting race.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: A poll shows Donald Trump ahead of Nikki Haley in New Hampshire by just seven points.A big question will be, where will supporters of Chris Christie and Vivek go after both candidates dropped out? Governor Ron DeSantis is last with just 5 percent of the vote. Haley's success with moderate independent voters is boosting her here in New Hampshire, which allows independents to vote in the Republican primary.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Donald Trump and I are stone's throw away. And so we have an opportunity to really make a difference here and continue to follow what the American people want. The truth is we don't want any more 80-year-olds in D.C.We don't want to go and hear about any more investigations. We're done with that. Everybody wants to see new, fresh leadership.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: Haley insists that this is a two-person race between her and Trump, despite her third place finish in Iowa.And to reinforce that point, she says she's no longer participating in one- on-one debates with DeSantis, writing -- quote -- "Unfortunately, Donald Trump has ducked all of them. He has nowhere left to hide. The next debate I do will either be with Donald Trump or with Joe Biden."DeSantis says that Haley is afraid to debate and that he will be on that stage, even if it means he will be there with just two empty podiums. And, Neil, DeSantis' first stop out of Iowa was actually not New Hampshire. It was Haley's hometown of South Carolina.The DeSantis campaign believes that, if Haley loses in South Carolina, it will end her campaign. DeSantis is meeting with folks in Claremont, New Hampshire, at 5:00, and Haley is holding a rally here in New Hampshire at 6:00 p.m. -- Neil.CAVUTO: Bryan, I'm curious. I know you're out in the cold there, but DeSantis going to South Carolina, I'm wondering, given his weaker poll numbers in that state, has he given up on New Hampshire? What's the read?LLENAS: Yes, the campaign says that he hasn't given up on New Hampshire, but they have made it clear, Neil, in conversations with them that they believe that DeSantis punched his ticket, as he said, in Iowa. And he finished second.Now, Haley, it's her turn now to finish second in New Hampshire. This is what she's been promising. So, we -- according to them, we will see what happens here. But they believe they have done enough, essentially, to then -- to move forward. And they're not going to drop out. They're going to move through South Carolina.CAVUTO: The only reason, Bryan, I asked that question was to keep you out in the cold a little longer to see what you would do.(LAUGHTER)(CROSSTALK)LLENAS: It's actually really warm here compared to Iowa, right?CAVUTO: Well, it looks. It looks it.Great job, as always, my friend. Look forward to seeing you there, Bryan Llenas in New Hampshire.In the meantime, as he's cited here, Nikki Haley is trying to position this as a two-person race, even though, as I said, she did finish third in Iowa. But it's the way she frames that argument that intrigued me while I was talking to her just yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HALEY: He knows that we're surging. We are the only one going up in the polls. Everybody else is going down. That says something. And we know that momentum that we take from Iowa is going to go into New Hampshire. It's going to get even stronger in South Carolina until we finish this. This will be a two-person race with me and Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: I digress. When I'm thinking of that diner, they do something amazing with pancakes, blueberry, chocolate chip combined. They can wrap the sausage in it. I don't know. It made the cold weather a memory.Anyway, I want to go to Sarah Bedford of The Washington Examiner, who's probably wondering to herself, why did I agree to this segment? Also, Francesca Chambers, the USA Today White House correspondent.Guys, thank you both.Sarah, let me get your take on the odd positioning of what Ron DeSantis is doing in that state, the first stop, of course, South Carolina. I understand what the attempt is, but is he reading polls that show his support slipping in that -- in New Hampshire? Or what are we to take from that?SARAH BEDFORD, THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER: I think Ron DeSantis made a big bet on Iowa that didn't necessarily pay off.The thinking there was that, maybe if the margin of his defeat in Iowa was a lot smaller, he could argue that he was sort of consolidating the non- Trump voters as more and more people have dropped out of the race in a way that Nikki Haley hasn't yet proven she can do,and, therefore, that could carry him into the other early states.The fact that he's not positioned to do well in New Hampshire after losing by such a convincing margin in Iowa last night, so fast that the race was called almost immediately, I think it does not bode well for Ron DeSantis' chances going forward.CAVUTO: Francesca, Governor DeSantis made a big deal of that race being called early, not only on our network, but a host of others and wire and newspapers, that it disrupted the momentum and essentially left those few thousand Iowans who did vote in this sort of throwing up their arms.So what did you make of that argument?FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, USA TODAY: Well, Trump was up by so much,it's hard to see, Neil, how Ron DeSantis could have caught up last night.But now the race does move to New Hampshire, where I am also at, heading to that Nikki Haley rally tonight. Ron DeSantis was in South Carolina earlier today. And Nikki Haley supporters have been using that to say that he doesn't care about the state of New Hampshire.Now, again, he will have a -- he has had events here today. He will continue to have events here, but they're latching on to that. I spoke to New Hampshire Governor Chris Sununu earlier today, who said that DeSantis simply does not have the same ground game that Nikki Haley has in the state, and that's what makes him confident that she will do well in next Tuesday's primary.CAVUTO: Guys, if I could take a look at this ad spending that we have seen thus far, it's picked up considerably in New Hampshire, and this is what I want to first look at.And, guys, if we can just show this one that shows ad spending in New Hampshire -- this include money spent by PACs -- for Nikki Haley, $27.9 million, for Donald Trump, $14.2 million, for Ron DeSantis, about $8 million.Now, of course, this dwarfs the spending that we had seen prior in Iowa. I'm just wondering if New Hampshire then catches up fast. So what do you think of that spending? And, of course, Nikki Haley, compared to Ron DeSantis, now has a lot more money at her disposal, but what do you think, Sarah?BEDFORD: Well, I think spending like that from Nikki Haley raises the expectations that she will perform perhaps better than we have seen so far.I mean, like we just saw, she is the best-funded candidate. She certainly had the most media buzz around her. The most parts of the Republican establishment have lined up behind her, and yet her polling hasn't really managed to break higher than 25, 30 percent in New Hampshire and lower elsewhere.And she placed third in the Iowa caucuses. So, at a certain point, all of that spending and all of that hype failing to materialize into votes, I mean, short of really an outright victory over Donald Trump in New Hampshire, it's hard to see her changing the dynamics of the race with just a few ads, when already we're seeing the polls coming to fruition and Donald Trump's lead materializing in actual victories.CAVUTO: This is a state -- I think you have touched on it too, Francesca, and since you're there right now in New Hampshire, that is tailor-made for Nikki Haley, a lot of her supporters of that independent mind-set, many of them more inclined that, if she doesn't get the nod, they will go elsewhere, even to Democrats.And I got a chance to hear that from a lot of her supporters when I was in Iowa, not all, but a good many have said it's either Nikki or bust. I want you to listen to this, both of you, actually, and we will talk about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Would you come behind Donald Trump if he's the nominee?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I wouldn't be as excited about that, but I would, because I believe it's a better choice than the option.CAVUTO: You're a Republican, right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am.CAVUTO: What do you do in that event? If he is the nominee, and it's he and Joe Biden, what do you do?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I vote for Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: "I vote for Joe Biden."Now, there were a lot of guys like that one. And, of course, Francesca, that is something that, obviously, if you're Nikki Haley and you're looking at your supporters and you do well in New Hampshire and you carry that over to South Carolina, totally different base there that has Donald Trump up by 20 points and for whom talk of voting for Democrats is outrageous.But what do you think?CHAMBERS: Well, in the state of New Hampshire, undeclared voters, unaffiliated voters could absolutely make up the difference for Nikki Haley.They make up the biggest amount of supporters -- or, rather, voters here in the state of New Hampshire, more than Democrats alone, more than Republicans alone. And, in New Hampshire, they allow you to go in as an unaffiliated voter and basically vote in the Republican primary or the Democratic primary, if that's what you choose to do, change your registration on site to do that.And then, on your way out, you can change your registration back to being an unaffiliated voter if that's what you choose to do. So that is a strategy that Nikki Haley's campaign is absolutely relying on in the state to potentially give her a boost over Donald Trump and then ride the momentum if she can win in New Hampshire on to South Carolina and into Super Tuesday, where there's just not enough time with all those states voting to do the kind of retail politicking that candidates are doing now.CAVUTO: All right, ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank you both very much, Sarah Bedford, Francesca Chambers.We're following that very, very closely. We will be in New Hampshire ourselves. And I hope I don't have to deal with what Francesca was showing there, snow all over your place. I dealt with the freezing cold in Iowa. I'm not doing it again.Don't I sound like a baby? I think I do sound like a baby. Anyway, looking forward to be there Saturday 10:00 to 12:00, when we sort of give you a lay of the land ahead of the big primary itself, first in the nation, on that Tuesday.In the meantime, a big issue, and this has really translated all over the country. It was number one issue for Iowans far from the border, but very much concerned about this migrant surge we have been seeing.The read on that -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Iowa is a long way from the border, but it ended up being a top issue for Republican voting in last night's caucuses there. And that's an issue for the White House to think about. That far away, and folks are still saying it is that big a problem.We're going to be talking to Cochise County Arizona Sheriff Mark Dannels about this in just a second.First to how the White House is handling this, where you find our Jacqui Heinrich -- Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Neil, we haven't heard too much from the president on this yet.He had no public events on his schedule today, even before the government was shut down for the snow. And the president has had very few public events really since before he left for Christmas vacation, just a handful during that time, mostly focused on the campaign.But that all changes tomorrow. He's got a big meeting with top congressional leaders, including the House speaker, to hammer out the final details of this border policy deal in order to get funding passed for a bunch of national security issues that Republicans are demanding.Take a listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president wanted to bring everybody together to have that conversation. But negotiations are still happening. In order to have a bipartisan agreement, you have to make changes. I'm not going to get into what those changes are, how severe or specific or however -- however we want to -- we want to describe it, are at this time.(END AUDIO CLIP)HEINRICH: Our FOX News voter analysis showed that immigration was the top issue to Republican voters in Iowa. They also showed a solid chunk of caucus-goers last night, almost four in 10, don't identify as part of the MAGA movement.Although the president has been slamming Trump's win as evidence that democracy is on the ballot, the campaign is also making an effort, it seems, not to alienate all right-leaning voters with how they talk about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MITCH LANDRIEU (D), FORMER MAYOR OF NEW ORLEANS, LOUISIANA: Last night that, by the way, does not represent most Republicans in the country, moderates and our independents. Only 14 percent of people voted last night. And, again, it was the extreme wing of the Republican Party.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: Team Biden believes playing up MAGA threats to democracy got Democrats elected in 2020, the 2022 midterms and last year's state and local elections.So they're sticking with it this year and painting all the candidates as MAGA. Biden tweeted: "Here's the thing. This election was always going to be you and me versus extreme MAGA Republicans. It was true yesterday and it will be true tomorrow."They have also been touting huge fourth-quarter fund-raising numbers to try to demonstrate that most voters don't want the candidates who are on the ground in Iowa.Of course, we will see how it all shakes out, Neil.CAVUTO: Jacqui, thank you for that.Jacqui Heinrich outside a very snowy White House.Let's go to Mark Dannels, the Cochise County Arizona sheriff.Sheriff, it's always good having you.What did you make at these polls, Sheriff? I mean, some of the -- these are border towns, it's one thing when you hear the fixation immigration and the surge. Iowa Republicans in the snows of Iowa and the cold of Iowa worried about what's happening right by you, what did you think?MARK DANNELS, COCHISE COUNTY, ARIZONA, SHERIFF: Well, good afternoon, Neil, and to your viewersAs a native of Iowa, born in Iowa many years ago, I would say they're very grassroot communities in Iowa, a lot of rural, Midwest, farming agriculture communities, and I will say this. We have been saying this for several years, and the fact what's going on, on this border, the tragedies and the public safety, the humanitarian tragedies we're seeing, the national security risks that we're seeing here on the border is no longer our sole issue.This is America's problem. And Iowa's seeing that. They're hearing. Look at the fentanyl that's come across, just this weekend, 337,000 pills seized here in Cochise County. That's -- and that's just the tip of the iceberg, what we're catching, which means it's going to Iowa, it's going to New Hampshire and all the different places that are making these decisions.And if I can make a comment too, Neil, is on your reporter statement about the White House looking to engage, we still, as sheriffs of this country, have still not engaged with the White House. And we have asked that continuously to work with this president on fixing the problems.CAVUTO: No, you certainly have. And I have been there and documented that.But, Sheriff, I'm curious. If you had your druthers, one thing could be done right now -- obviously, there are a list of issues you have to address when you talk about the border. But the number one thing for you, Sheriff, would be what?DANNELS: I call it the plan of the P's. You remove the politics and your prioritize public safety.If you can do that, we could fix this. But, right now, we're all playing political chess out here, while the American people are suffering, losing loved ones. We're seeing the tragedies. Officers, law enforcement are being placed and deputies are being placed in risk and danger every day throughout the country as a result of the politics playing in Washington, D.C.CAVUTO: So, first you got to stop the surge at the border. And a lot of your colleagues have been saying, well, you need to reinforce that border. You need to make it much more difficult for people just to walk through, as they often do.What do you think of that?DANNELS: Well, you got to enforce the rule of law. And that's what happens when you set the politics aside. The rule of law will come back and it will be very clear.You come across the border illegally, as federal law states, you will be expelled immediately. We have set that rule of law aside to let them come across. We have incentivized our border, so they keep coming. And they're going to keep coming. And the only true winners, it's not America. It's the criminal cartels that are making billion of dollars on the backs of America's failure to lead and failure to enforce the rule of law.CAVUTO: Sheriff, the one thing that's changed, at least for me -- and you're the expert here, but the audacity and just the in-your-face behavior of these cartels, where some of them aren't even afraid to show their faces, actually tempt camera crews, our own included, to say, look what I can do.That's pretty, pardon the term, ballsy.DANNELS: Well, it truly is, but they're allowed to do that, Neil.And then we have never seen this kind of behavior. My four decades of working this border, we have never seen a cartel be so abrasive for toward enforcement and citizens. Right now, I can take you three miles behind where I'm standing right now, and the cartel is standing on the south side. They're not worried, they're not concerned, and they just -- they taunt us, because they know there's not a thing we can do about them, to include their own country.CAVUTO: Incredible, and gets more so by the day.Sheriff, thank you very much.DANNELS: Thank you.CAVUTO: Sheriff Mark Dannels on that, the Cochise County, Arizona.Keeping you updated on this expanding war, it seems, almost daily in the Middle East. We launched our third attack against Houthi rebels in Yemen. They fire more at us, and on and on we go. Just where does this go from here?After this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Now, if I were a paranoid person, I'd almost think Mother Nature was out to get me, 30-degrees-below zero wind temps in Iowa, and now, as I head off to New Hampshire at the end of the week, something similar there?Hmm.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, for the third time, we have done it yet again, striking four Iran-provided Houthi missiles in Yemen. We promise more of the same. Then they launch attacks on us. And back and forth, we go.Griff Jenkins has more from the Pentagon -- Griff.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: And, Neil, good afternoon.It's all hands on deck in the Red Sea,according to National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan, as the administration tries to find some way to stop these Iranian-backed Houthis rebels from launching missiles into one of the world's busiest corridors.Now, you have got today's strike, which is actually the third strike on the Houthis since last week, Neil, and the U.S. took these fresh strikes today because the Pentagon said that the Houthis missiles presented an imminent threat. John Kirby had this to say:(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, NSC COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: We fully anticipated, when we launched that salvo on Friday night, that the Houthis would probably conduct some retaliatory strikes. It's too soon to call this some sort of a trend that would lead us to believe that we didn't have a good effect with those strikes.We believe that we did have a good effect.(END AUDIO CLIP)JENKINS: And you're right about the tit for tat, Neil, because today's strike is in response to a Houthi missile attack yesterday on a U.S.-owned commercial shipping vessel, which, fortunately, reported only minor damage.Meanwhile, a Houthi spokesman says more attacks are probably on the horizon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)YAHYA SAREA, HOUTHI MILITARY SPOKESMAN (through translator): The Yemeni armed forces consider all American and British ships and warships participating in the aggression against our country as hostile targets. The response to the American and British offenses is certainly coming, and any new aggression won't pass without response and punishment.(END VIDEO CLIP)JENKINS: Meanwhile, take a look at this, the U.S. Navy SEALs seizing a shipment of Iranian weapons headed for the Houthis last week.You see here, it includes medium-range ballistic missiles and anti-ship cruise missiles. Two SEALs went missing at sea during that operation. CENTCOM says a search-and-rescue mission continues.And as all of this is playing out, Neil, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin has finally gotten out of the hospital after two weeks. He says he's recuperating from home and performing all of his official duties and he can't wait to get back here to the Pentagon -- Neil.CAVUTO: Griff, I'm curious on that regarding the defense secretary. Obviously, he leads these strikes with the blessing of his boss, the commander in chief, the president. So I assume these follow-up attacks on Houthi rebels and the like in Yemen or wherever, he has full control, full knowledge of and directing them?JENKINS: Hear that that is the case in that the secretary has every bit of modern technology he needs to stay in real-time communication with the operations.But, obviously, I think, as you rightfully point out, we really don't know yet...CAVUTO: Yes.JENKINS: ... whether the U.S. retaliation, and that's what it is, is going to deter the Houthis from continuing to attack those shipping, particularly cargo vessels in the Red Sea, which is one of the world's busiest shipping corridors.That's why you saw the shipping giant Shell Global indefinitely suspend their operations in the Red Sea as freight volumes are starting to drop sharply.CAVUTO: Yes, very sharply, to your point. Griff, thank you very much.Griff Jenkins following that.Thoughts now from Brigadier General Robs Rob Spalding, a B-2 stealth bomber pilot, a former White House National Security Council, senior director for strategic planning. This guy's the genuine article.So, always good to see you, General.I have been talking to a lot of CEOs lately, sir, who are in charge of tankers and ships in that region of the companies the parent companies, and they say almost to a man that, while they're encouraged by talk of a force, a task force, to protect the Red Sea, they can see for themselves that these attacks back and forth and dealing with Houthi rebels, welcoming the attacks, though they might, that it's a dangerous neck of the woods.And they're avoiding it like the plague. What do you think of that?BRIG. GEN. ROB SPALDING (RET.), U.S. AIR FORCE: Well, if you go back to something called the Belt and Road Initiative, it used to be called One Belt One Road, the Chinese created a landward version of that going through Central Asia.And I think what you're starting to see here is them beginning to use Iran as a proxy to shut down the maritime routes because they dominate the rail routes. And so this is going to be a big problem for both the U.S. and their allies if we can't get this shipping open.CAVUTO: Because we're now dealing with 17 various shipping companies, Maersk among them, and a host of other oil tanker parents and the rest. BP comes to mind. They're just avoiding the area.Now, obviously, the corresponding impact of that is higher oil prices. They have been remarkably contained through this, General. But you are seeing a delay in goods getting to people. And it could get significant. What do you think the fallout is?SPALDING: Well, I think this is just the beginning.It's going to get even worse in the South China Sea and the Taiwan Strait. I think you're going to see, with the elections that happened last week in Taiwan, we're just going to see this incredible stress continue to be ratcheted up. So it's not -- it went from Europe with Ukraine, now Middle East.But I think it's coming to Asia. And I think you know what you're starting to see is the unfolding of the actual outcomes of the second Cold War. It's going to come cost us money. It's going to cost us pricing increases, and we're going to have good shortages. So we just have to get prepared for it.CAVUTO: General, you're the expert here.I always wonder, though, what the cockiness you hear from these Houthi rebels and their leadership about our constant attacks and going into Yemen and that we have widened the war, obviously, Iran is fully aware of this. But it almost seems to be taunting us in its own right, knowing that we would not go after Iran, that we will go after its evil emissaries or sycophants, but not Iran itself.What do you think?SPALDING: Well, here's an idea.The Saudis were already going after the Houthis, and then the Biden administration took them off the terror list and basically stopped supporting the Saudis. So now what? We're having to go after the Houthis,. So we don't really have the bandwidth now to look at Iran. So we're taking over for the Saudis.This is just bad policy after bad policy after bad policy in terms of our strategy.CAVUTO: General, thank you, I think, but you're quite right. The response has been pretty much as you envisioned.General Rob Spalding on all of that.We will keep you posted on that and any more fresh attacks as they come, but they have been picking up the pace.In the meantime, the weather is picking up a pace, and a nasty pace, at that. And don't electric vehicle owners know it? We get reports of cars that are stalling out, charging stations that aren't charging, and if you're lucky to get a charge, it's taking longer than ever. E.V. nightmares -- after this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nothing, no juice. It's still on zero percent, and this is like three hours this morning being out here, after being out here eight hours yesterday.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's just frozen, and so I'm now getting it towed to the Tesla service center, because that's my only option at this point.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, we got a bunch of dead robots out here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dead robots.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, more wicked weather for the country, 140 million Americans in the path of what could be a weeklong frozen nightmare.Here to spell it out is Adam Klotz, the FOX Weather meteorologist extraordinaire.What are we looking at here, buddy?ADAM KLOTZ, FOX NEWS METEOROLOGIST: You kind of summed it up there. Really, really cold air, Neil.We're still tracking this storm that's been moving across the country, cold air behind it, still some snow currently falling across portions of New England. Now, this hasn't been a massive snowmaker across the New York City area, just around two inches of snow, but that has been enough to break that record we have been talking about, 700 days without snow across the I- 95 Corridor.We have now seen it, a couple of inches of snow in New York City, has been enough really across the entire region to really slam the brakes on flights. When you start to see these reds get about halfway up in these indicators, those are some major delays. We're getting close to 1,500 canceled flights just across the Northeast, that obviously causing problems then across the entire country.In New York City alone,you're talking about over 50 percent of the flights impacted in one way or another, either with those delays or with some sort of cancellation. We're beginning to get on the tail end of all of this snow across the Northeast. And what's behind it? Well, I know millions of folks already know it. This is what it feels like outside with your windchill.Negative-17, that's your windchill temperature currently in Chicago. Deep into the South, folks are dealing with this as temperatures are feeling like you're down into single digits or the teens, 11 there in Little Rock, 17 currently in Dallas. That's going to be enough that overnight tonight, heading into tomorrow morning, we're looking at over 50 record-breaking lows across the country, really mostly in the middle of the country stretching over the Southeast.But these are just some absolutely frigid type of temperatures that are going to be in place.And I will leave you with this one, Neil. While all of this is going on, we are tracking our next kind of big winter weather system. It's currently running on the coast of the Pacific Northwest, but it's going to sweep across the country, and the northern tier of the country is going to see snow again, likely getting into the Northeast by the time we get into the weekend.So, January just continues to be very active.CAVUTO: It's got to be a tad unusual, right, when we get one storm in a storm system. It's one thing if it's localized. It's one thing if it's massive and back to back.They seem to ride in waves.KLOTZ: It does. There's been four of these right now.The good news is, we're about to get in a calmer pattern once we get through this week, but it really is another week ahead we're talking about record low temperatures and some more stormy weather.CAVUTO: I'm thinking we're still a ways out, a week from today, the New Hampshire primary. Of course, snow is not new to them. Snow wasn't new to the Iowans either, but the record, almost North Pole-like cold was. What are they in for?KLOTZ: So, this snow, this is going to be getting there closer to that time for them.But as far as the cold goes, probably breaking a couple days earlier, so think around freezing, 30s, 40s, more reasonable. You will be better off than you were just in Iowa.CAVUTO: So, hypothetically, let's say if you had a show at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on a Saturday, and it runs two hours, again, on a Saturday...KLOTZ: Yes, this Saturday.CAVUTO: ... and you're in New Hampshire, and you're wondering about the weather, and you're wondering if you're going to be put through the same physical, health-challenging hell I was in Iowa, just curious, what do you think?(LAUGHTER)KLOTZ: I'm going to say you're slightly better off. That's all I can do for you.CAVUTO: That's it?KLOTZ: Yes, slightly better off.CAVUTO: Slightly better off.KLOTZ: We can't be -- it can't be as cold as it was. That just -- it's unattainable.CAVUTO: All right, fine. Fine, Adam.KLOTZ: Yes.CAVUTO: And we were such good friends too.Adam, always good seeing you.KLOTZ: Yes, it's fun to talk to you too.CAVUTO: Good stuff. Good stuff.We are following that. We're following the fallout for people who just have all these E.V.s, whether there's any good in them right now. We discovered nasty weather, sometimes nasty fallout.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we have been telling you about the cold and everything else. It's nasty for average Americans just to put up with this.If you're an E.V. owner, it's gotten to be problematic as well. In Chicago and other cold and hard-hit cities, a lot of the charging stations aren't working. You can have your car connected for hours and you're not getting a drop of charge, so to speak. The same is happening to the cars themselves. Their range has been dramatically, in some cases, cut substantially in half, we're told.It is a mess. And Charlie Gasparino has been saying this is sort of the outside noise we hear for a lot of electric vehicle producers, and what they worry about the most is like this, right?CHARLIE GASPARINO, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: I mean, right now, the major auto manufacturers are imploring the Biden administration to cut back on some of its decarbonization efforts, which all but force them to build these E.V.s.And the reason why is because, even when the weather is nice, they're not selling. They're inefficient. Sometimes, you can't get electricity in California even in the summer. They're expensive. Average people just don't want to buy these things. And what you see now is the worst-case scenario, which the worst-case scenario happens a lot.There are winters in the U.S., no matter how much they talk about global warming, and we got one right now. And when winter comes, these things are a mess. So I think I think it's a wakeup call. It's very interesting. All the stuff involving woke capitalism, all the downside of it is -- we're seeing it play out in front of us every day, whether it's diversity, equity, and inclusion producing someone as incompetent as Claudine Gay, or ESG mandates imposed on big auto manufacturers that force them to create, essentially, manufactured vehicles that don't work well.And something's going to have to happen here.CAVUTO: Yes.GASPARINO: Because these things just don't work when the weather's bad, and they don't work that great when the weather's good.CAVUTO: Well, they are doing pretty well.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But the point is, I mean, maybe the middle ground is these hybrid vehicles that do a little bit of both. You sort of cover your bases there, but it certainly shouldn't be mandated. Let the market decide and average people decide if it's worth...(CROSSTALK)GASPARINO: How do you progress electricity? You have to burn something to produce electricity.CAVUTO: You do.GASPARINO: They're not -- it's not coming from windmills. It is not very ESG-compliant. And, plus, it's very -- it's hard to basically -- it's inefficient.CAVUTO: It is tough.But every time you say that, Charlie, a lot of people say, there's one thing I'd like to burn if Charlie says one more nasty thing about E.V.s. And I just -- I cannot repeat that on air.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: So let me switch gears, if I can, buddy.GASPARINO: Yes.CAVUTO: I know originally we wanted to talk to you about some curious movements with Joe Manchin, a lot of buzz about a presidential run.GASPARINO: Right.CAVUTO: What can you tell us?GASPARINO: Well, I sat at a private meeting with him on Saturday at Bob Dillon Schneider's (ph) home. And he seemed -- I mean, listen, he didn't say, I'm running, it's over. But he laid out the groundwork why he will run.And I think there's some pieces after falling into place. Donald Trump has to win. He absolutely despises Donald Trump, even though, if you listen to his commentary how bad Biden has been in terms of turning the country over to a far left agenda, he was -- at least in substance, he was much more critical of Biden.So I think Joe Manchin is part of this No Labels group. He is seriously thinking about it. If Biden is definitely the nominee -- he's not convinced yet that he's definitely going to be the nominee, but it looks like he will be. If Trump is definitely the nominee -- again, there's still some daylight, but not a lot.And No Labels, the independent group comprised of center-left, center-right politicians, and they hopefully voters, the vast majority in the middle, he's going to run.CAVUTO: Right. Right.GASPARINO: They have to get on ballots. Not easy. He thinks they can get on most of them, but it looks like he's going to run. And it would be a bipartisan ticket, by the way.And the only way it happens if it's Biden and Trump. And the question is, who's the other? Who's he run with? And the name you keep hearing, if she doesn't beat Trump, is Nikki Haley. Now, the question is, who becomes vice president, who's president?CAVUTO: Yes.GASPARINO: I don't know. I'm not -- I don't have that granular detail. And I don't think they do yet. Chris Christie's also in the mix.But a Trump-Biden rematch, Neil, given the polling, the polling suggests people want something else than what happened in 2020. I mean, No Labels thinks they have a shot. And here's one thing that's interesting. Ross Perot was the -- I guess he's the best candidate that we have had in recent history.He got 19 percent of a vote, did not win a single electoral vote. But as Joe Manchin said and as I think you and I spoke once, Ross Perot before he dropped out of that '92 race -- remember, he dropped out, then jumped back in?CAVUTO: He was leading. He was leading.GASPARINO: He was leading.CAVUTO: Yes.GASPARINO: He only fell apart when he dropped out. Then he still did pretty well. He got 19 percent.CAVUTO: Yes.GASPARINO: And the stars were then kind of like they are now, people annoyed about big government or government not doing enough.CAVUTO: And don't forget George Wallace, when he ran as a third-party candidate in 1968, he got 40-some-odd electoral votes back then, took a lot of votes away, many people say, in retrospect, from Hubert Humphrey. Richard Nixon ekes in.GASPARINO: Right.CAVUTO: So, they can have enormous influence.GASPARINO: They can have impact.CAVUTO: What's the betting, you think, if it is still a Biden-Trump matchup? That's what would prompt it. If it's not, none of this happens, real quickly?GASPARINO: That's what they say.And then I think it's 90 -- listen, it's 100 percent if they get on the ballots. If it's something a lot less than that, less than that if they don't get on -- depending on how many ballots they get on. But if they get -- listen, Biden-Trump, they get on all the ballots, wow, they're going to do it, I think. It's a no-brainer.And, by the way, they think they can win.CAVUTO: All right.GASPARINO: Manchin said one thing. He said, "I'm not running as a spoiler."So he's not running to put Biden in office or Trump in office.CAVUTO: You never know. You never know. Abraham Lincoln started out as an outside, new party candidate.GASPARINO: The Whigs.CAVUTO: It worked for him, right? It worked for him.GASPARINO: They were called the Whigs, I thought.CAVUTO: You and I both covered that election in 1860.(CROSSTALK)GASPARINO: I was the beat reporter of the Whig Party.CAVUTO: Indeed. And you did it very well.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Charlie, want to thank you very much.We're following that, also following up on what we have to look forward to in New Hampshire -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, apparently, weather did affect turnout in Iowa and the caucuses. Still, 110,000 did make it to various homes and schools where they could vote with their friends and neighbors, 187,000, by comparison, in 2016.But that was a very big theme when I was there, that is, the cold weather and how it would affect people. Regardless, overwhelmingly Donald, Trump got more than half the vote of those who did turn out. It was a lesson, though, not only in making sure you have voters who are rabidly going for you and will brave any conditions -- and most of them did -- versus those who said, well, on a night like this, we're going to take it slow.I could understand why. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Here we are in Iowa. And I got to tell you, it is incredibly cold here.So you're used to this crazy weather?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is pretty intense.CAVUTO: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Weather, you can't beat it. It's intense.CAVUTO: Kyle, Kyle, Kyle, Kyle, you can beat it. This is ridiculously cold.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's about the ground game.CAVUTO: In this cold, that's what...UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's cold.CAVUTO: Right.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But you get out, out into the country roads and that wind really starts blowing.CAVUTO: Trust me, you don't have to go out in the country roads to see.Coldest caucus on record, I mean, in the history of them doing these caucuses. It has never been colder.JANICE DEAN, FOX NEWS SENIOR METEOROLOGIST: You are not dressed appropriately at all. You had these little earmuffs on, no hat.CAVUTO: Tell me about it.Who would walk over proverbial broken glass? That's the argument that used to be made. But, this time, who would brave cold weather like this?I did everything you told me to do. I wore earmuffs. I wore a very warm scarf. So I don't need you complaining to me about not being appropriately dressed for the snow.Take it.DEAN: You did not wear a hat. And that's where we lose our most heat.CAVUTO: There are no hats that fit me, Janice.DEAN: I will get you a hat.CAVUTO: I think I know who you like.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.CAVUTO: And why Nikki?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I love her energy. I believe she's a natural leader.NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Do you think we have to be worried today?CROWD: No!HALEY: I'm not worried. People are excited.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Iowans love Donald Trump, so I'd imagine he will do fine here.DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You can't sit home. If you're sick as a dog, you say, darling, I got to make it.CAVUTO: He wants to win, and not only win, to win big.BEN CARSON, FORMER U.S. HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT SECRETARY: You think about the Bible and King David. Most of those people probably, if they were alive back in those days, would have said, oh, what a horrible guy.CAVUTO: For the record, you're comparing him to King David. And that worked out well for King David, and that this is another King David, right?CARSON: I don't know about him king, but, certainly, he has some policies that are very worthwhile.GOV. KIM REYNOLDS (R-IA): He's put the time in to lay the ground game. He's got speakers in every one of the precincts. I think that's reflective of the kind of president that he will be, somebody that's willing to go the extra mile, that's willing to go to every corner of the state.They get a little sensitive on the corners, like, hey, we're part of Iowa too.GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We beat the left on banning China from buying land in the state of Florida.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ron DeSantis is a climate criminal. He's a climate criminal! Ron DeSantis is a climate criminal!CAVUTO: All the candidates go to -- it's a rite of passage, right? They have to go to Jethro's, and they do. There was an incident with Ron DeSantis at his. What happened there?BRUCE GERLEMAN, OWNER, JETHRO'S BBQ: Oh, my. It's a college town.CAVUTO: Right. Sure.GERLEMAN: And they're -- some college students, they're kind of young and they're emotional, and they got emotional at Ron.CAVUTO: If he is the nominee, you would support him?KEN LANGONE, CO-FOUNDER, HOME DEPOT: Elaine Langone for president if he's the nominee,CAVUTO: Would you be at least more inclined to support Donald Trump if Nikki Haley was his running mate?LANGONE: That's a good question. I hadn't thought about it.I think I will duck that one. Is that OK?CAVUTO: Really? All right, well, you're a billionaire.LANGONE: Yes.CAVUTO: What I can tell you? I'm not going to tell you what to say.She might just say, you have offered me the Midas touch, Governor Sununu. You're my guy. I want you to be my running mate.You would say?GOV. CHRIS SUNUNU (R-NH): Look, I'd do anything for Nikki Haley, but not - - but probably not that. That's not my gig.CAVUTO: OK.SUNUNU: I don't think Washington could handle me, Neil. I don't know. I think I'm a little too hot.CAVUTO: All right. That's an old Meat Loaf song, but we don't have time to get into that.GERLEMAN: If your listeners want to come to Iowa and break that world record, I will give them $10,000.CAVUTO: Wow.What if, let's say, an anchor were standing next to you and was up to the same challenge?GERLEMAN: I would love to see you try that.CAVUTO: I have noticed, Governor, when you talk to these people, and they don't see that you're looking at their breakfast, you can just take it from them. I mean, it's just...(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: We did have a lot of people complaining, hey, what happened to my bacon and my sausage?(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Yes, we were pretty crafty, me and my photographer here. He would cover for me when I go in and take their sausage, take their bacon.Love the diners, and a lot of -- a lot of people with differences and arguments back and forth and all. I think a diner is a great unity place. People will get over their differences and enjoy a good breakfast, if I'm not stealing it from them, which I plan to do when I'm in New Hampshire on Saturday.Here's "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.