NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That will do it here.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Embattled Harvard President Claudine Gay resigning as the leader of the most powerful Ivy League school in the country. It took both her disastrous anti-Semitism testimony before Congress and 50 allegations of plagiarism to end the shortest presidency in the university's history, just six months.Gay not mentioning either of those scandals in a statement, but seems to imply that racism was a factor in her ouster. She said it was, "Frightening to be subjected to personal attacks and threats fueled by racial animus."Gay's downfall started when she could not answer this question in front of Congress.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ELISE STEFANIK (R-NY): So, the answer is yes. That calling for the genocide of Jews violates Harvard Code of Conduct, correct?CLAUDINE GAY, PRESIDENT, HARVARD UNIVERSITY: It depends on the context.STEFANIK: It does not depend on the context, the answer is yes, and this is why you should resign.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Congresswoman Elise Stefanik says Gay stepping down is only the beginning.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEFANIK: We have seen a failure of leadership from Claudine Gay, a failure of moral leadership, but also a failure of academic integrity, which is a cornerstone of any higher education institution.I believe, as we continue our Congressional investigation that we will uncover what will be the greatest scandal in higher education. Because the Harvard Corporation members themselves are complicit in this cover-up of her plagiarism.And again, most importantly, their failure to protect Jewish students on campus.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: No word yet from former President Barack Obama who privately lobbied on Harvard President Claudine Gay's behalf during the anti-Semitism controversy. But we are hearing from the Reverend Al Sharpton, he said this. This is an attack on every black woman in this country whose put a crack in the glass ceiling, it's an assault on the health, strength and future of diversity, equity and inclusion at a time when corporate America is trying to back out of billions of dollars in commitments.Despite resigning as President Gay is still on the payroll as a faculty member. She just doesn't have to do the president's job anymore.So many different angles here. One thing Greg, we should point out, I think is that the Washington Free Beacon was the one who was pointing out all of this plagiarism based on old shoe-leather reporting that was available to any other media outlet. The Washington Post could have done it, but it was the Washington Free Beacon who really --GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's what's so funny about her. I mean, it's not a surprise that she claims racism, that she's a victim of racism for losing her job after this moral implosion at the hearing, and then this countless examples of plagiarism, and some made by black scholars, and yet it's still racism.No Mrs. Gay or Ms. Gay, it wasn't racism that cost you the job, it was racism that got you the job, right? Any white person had her pedigree they wouldn't be running a school of fish. And this is the problem with DEI and ESG is that everything that it infects it destroys, whether it's academia, corporations, the military.If you designate a small group, out of a larger general population, as the preferred hire, you force every recruiter to go to that select group, and the supply cannot meet the demand. It's a math problem.So, you end up being forced to hire what's left, even if that person is not qualified or even competent. It's mathematical racism, and you choose in the net candidate over somebody else who's far better because they don't fit the right color.That choice, however, makes it harder for places like Harvard and any company to fire somebody, even if they are right for firing. And you know, it's funny, it really isn't Gay's fault because the system awarded her into a slot that was beyond her current capabilities because of her skin color.And if you make a deal with the DEI devil, you're going to die by the -- with the accusation of racism. So everybody made this bed. I love the fact that they all have to sleep in it.PERINO: Watch this take from Matt Egan. He was on CNN.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATT EGAN, CNN REPORTER: We should note that, Claudine Gay has not been accused of stealing anyone's ideas in any of her writings. She has been accused of sort of more like copying other people's writings without attribution. So, it's been more sloppy attribution than stealing anyone's ideas.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Judge, what is the definition of plagiarism?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I have to close my mouth before I can answer that, Dana. Plagiarism is actually that, taking other people's ideas and words.The amazing part of this is that there are 50 credible allegations of plagiarism. And when you look back into the history of Claudine Gay, you realize the woman has never even published a book. She has written nothing that has any seminal contributions to her field, according to people who have looked at her, Bret Stephens in particular, in 26 years, she's written 11 articles. I mean, it's incredible.But what the -- what the problem is here is that she was held to a different standard than other students at Harvard. And there was an article that was written a letter to the editor of the Crimson, the newspaper at Harvard, and a person who was responsible for, "Upholding the standards of academic excellence", said it would be the worst day when the kid at Harvard had to come before our committee, that person would cry, they might be suspended, they would have a tarnish on their record.And yet, she's got 50 of them. And what did they do? They rele -- they relegated her to, you know, this system at this level, where as president, she wasn't touched.And I think that her race has advantaged her. And the fact that she has in no way been held to account for not protecting others is the ultimate high prophesy -- hypocrisy. When you see in her statement when she's leaving, she says it is so frightening to find myself the target of threats.Well, if you had any intelligence, you would understand that the reason you are where you are is because you didn't protect others who were the targets of real threats.And finally, we should realize that Harvard was started in 1698 as a Divinity School, and that there were people who were -- who went there to learn about religion and divinity, it was nondenominational.So, repeated numerous violations, she didn't deserve to be there in the first place. And I'm glad she's gone.PERINO: And one of the things that the divinity school and other schools should teach is you help develop the character of the person. And so, taking responsibility and being accountable for your actions is one of those things.Harvard is still halfheartedly defending her, this kind of pain is not going to end for the school until they acknowledge the wrongdoing, because there's the plagiarism issue. But it's almost as if the anti-Semitism was fine. Like that was excused after the hearing, but it was the plagiarism that got her in the end.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I think that she suffered from and all three of the presidents who showed up at the hearing suffered from an attack of legalese, right, they just went as if they had no soul, right? And this is what the lawyers who prep me for this said, and I would encourage everyone, there was a really interesting piece in The New York Times about how the president of Columbia has avoided falling into this because they had -- the campus was rife with pro-Palestinian protests. There were professors that were speaking out, and she has really kind of studied the ship.And one thing that she ended up doing was not going to that testimony, she was invited to sit there with the rest of them, and she had to be at a climate change conference, it was already --(CROSSTALK)PERINO: That will excuse everything. Next time, Jesse, say you're going to a climate change conference.TARLOV: No. It was about how different her trajectory was that she was not subject to that line of questioning, and even given the opportunity to use talking points that someone else got you.I was struck by two elements of Claudine Gay's statement. First and foremost, that there was no apology and they teach you to apologize, and also how important forgiveness is and that we are a forgiving society if we're going back to divinity school roots.So, there was no apology about letting down the academic community. And that's something that's really important. It's a small club, the Ivory Tower, I know people, especially some people at this table like to make fun of the Ivory Tower. But people work really hard to get there and they take low paying jobs, and they kill themselves to publish multiple papers a year to get the kind of credentials to be able to go on to those jobs.The second part was no apology over what I imagined she feels is a misunderstanding of her stance on anti-Semitism and the Jewish community, and to then turn the statement into something about immutable characteristics.Well, guess what? Those kids are being harassed because of immutable characteristics, not getting into the whether Judaism is a race or religion or whatever it is, but you're born a certain way, right? You're born a Jew, and they're having Intifada and genocide chanted out of them, at them, because of the way that they were born. And I thought that was really a missed opportunity. All future presidents of these universities need to be subjected to this level of scrutiny.PERINO: They will be now.TARLOV: Maybe.PERINO: Probably, I imagine.TARLOV: And it lets down people who --PERINO: This is an opportunity, Jesse, where President Biden could have a Sister Souljah moment and come out and say this was wrong. But he can't come out and talk about plagiarism.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: He can't come out and talk about anything, Dana.PERINO: Also, yes, that's also true.WATTERS: My sources at Harvard told me my powerful monologue on Harvard in December was kind of the breaking point.PERINO: OK.WATTERS: And the trustees had heard enough and contemplated and reflected over the Christmas vacation, and it was time to eliminate her.PERINO: Power.WATTERS: My other sources are saying this is about money. And Harvard's just like a hedge fund that happens to teach a few classes. They have a $50 billion endowment, and she just lost them a billion dollars in 10 days. That's what you call a bad quarter. Harvard couldn't lose its reputation, but they can't lose its money.DEI is a cancer. And we have to root it out through sunlight. And we have to expose it for what it is. And it's by discriminating against gender, race, even ideology, and we have to get back to what made America great, merit and judging people on their actions.And Al Sharpton, a fraud who's defending a fraud is out there saying that this woman was fired because she was a black woman who cracked the glass ceiling, she used someone else's head to crack it. She stole half of her scholarly work. Eight out of the 17 published articles were plagiarized.And then, Barack Obama, who actually saved the man from a plagiarism scandal is lobbying to save another person from plagiarism. Why are black leaders in this country rallying around other disgraced black Americans just because they're black? It's an embarrassment.Is this like the O.J. is innocent situation? It shouldn't be like this. We have to get back to what's worked for 100 years in this country, judging people on what they produce. And she's produced nothing. She's produced a loss of a billion dollars.And I'm sorry, Harvard actually did the right thing. They told everybody that it's really about merit, and not about skin color. And now Jesse Jr. will be applying early decision.TARLOV: But you do have to admit that if you're going back hundreds, 100, 200 years that black people were restricted from even getting into these places, they didn't even have a chance. No, of course for you, but I want to know of course for Jesse.WATTERS: They can hire a very well-qualified African-American woman to run Harvard --GUTFELD: As long as she's not conservative.WATTERS: Right.GUTFELD: As long as -- she has to be -- she has to be in the same intellectual.PERINO: I bet they won't call Conde Rice.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Or Dr. Carol Swain. She was someone who I believe her -- was she plagiarized from.PERINO: Yes. Also, Jesse, I think that one thing to point out on the Al Sharpton statement, here's a primetime investigation waiting to happen. What he says is, this is all about corporations trying to get out of billions of dollars of commitments that they made to DEI and that is a story worth following because we follow the money on that front. The corporations are saying, we're done with this now that's coming from the top, but also maybe at the bottom. OK.Hollywood actor is now caught up in America's crime crisis. Believe it or not, in "Beverly Hills, 90210" Star got into a brawl with a gang of bikers.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The New Year starting with some chaos in liberal cities, Hollywood celebrities are now getting attacked.TMZ getting their hands on that shocking video, "Beverly Hills 90210" star Ian Ziering getting into a melee with a gang of people riding many motorcycles. At one point they even chased the "Sharknado" actor through the streets of Hollywood Boulevard. While the actor's daughter was in the car.It's a little murky on how it all started. Ziering says it's because bikers got aggressive and hit his car while weaving through traffic. He only got out to survey the damage, but then it escalated into a physical altercation and he had to protect himself. Ziering now ripping the city's lawlessness and hooliganism.Greg, when I first heard the story, I thought it was a gang of female bikers just so consumed with passion, overseeing ion after so long of being unseen that they couldn't control themselves.GUTFELD: I -- to borrow a phrase from a friend, dad's home. This is the perfect analogy, an encapsulation of a country of men finally hitting their limits, right?Dads put up with a lot, you can mock them in every commercial, in every sitcom, you can tell everyone that they're racist or sexist or question their parenting values. But when you endanger the family, dad's going to fight. Dad's going to fight. There's no politics in self-defense, right? Only your right to protect your daughter or your son. Doesn't matter who the assailants are, dad doesn't care what color they are, they will fight like nothing else matters. We should take this as a sign that dad is coming home and it's long overdue to clean up this mess.If I were Bud Light, I would sign ion on and call the new the promotion dad's home after a day of defending his family, give him an ice cold beer because he earned it.We're so rudderless as a country, it's refreshing to see this. Also, he's 59. And this should be an inspiration to everybody in the New Year. That dude is in his sixth decade. And even though he was running, he was swatting these little brats away like they were flies. And it should be inspiring to you that I'm -- believe it or not, the same age. I know. I know.PIRRO: It is hard to believe.GUTFELD: It is hard to believe, it's good living. But now it's never been a better time to get in shape, learn self-defense, because you never know you need it until you need it.WATTERS: He did do a very good job protecting the head. Also staying away from the action. Didn't want to maybe do a six on one. I mean, Greg could have taken them six on one.GUTFELD: I would have, I would have charged them.PIRRO: You know, anybody who commits a crime where it's five on one, it's a gang assault, they go to jail. OK, but let's pull the veil back a little bit. Pulled out of the car. He got out of the car. He left his 11-year-old -- 10-year-old daughter in the car, all right?What did he do when he got out of the car? He punched the biker. What did he do when he got out? He knocked the biker off the bike.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: This guy is the guy who assaulted them first. And his statements are so legally vetted. It's not funny. Now --WATTERS: He threw the first punch.PIRRO: He not only threw the first punch, they were on their bikes when he was out of the car, punching them and he literally knocked the guy off the bike.WATTERS: He's a hero.PIRRO: Now, let me tell you, I'm a prosecutor at heart, everybody as far as I'm concerned violates a law goes to jail. This guy says he got out to assess the damage to his car. He had no damage to his car. If he's worried about his daughter, stay in the car. If you're worried about your daughter, you don't get out and start a fistfight with people on bikes and then run across the street while she's alone in the car.GUTFELD: He drew them away from the car? He's a hero. He understood there was a threat.PIRRO: All he had to do was lock the doors and --GUTFELD: That's cowardly.PIRRO: You know what, he threw the first punch, he knocked him off the bike.GUTFELD: He felt threatened. He's surrounded, he's outnumbered. He was the lucky guy. One lucky guy.PERINO: But if you guys ever been in the city when the biker gangs come down?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: It is so scary to me.PIRRO: Slow down.PERINO: One of the scariest things we look was we don't know what happened before this. There's no video of like, where they surrounding the car, where they harassing him. And did he feel the need to do that? I don't know.But I do know this, that I think it's traumatic for his daughter to have to see this. It also shows that he's I think a great dad. These children, they look small. Maybe they're just short, like that.GUTFELD: One is in a Barbie jacket.PERINO: Yes, I know. So, like there's a lack of parenting there. But there's also a knowledge that they can get away with everything, because no one's getting prosecuted for anything, so they feel like they can get away with it.I do think this adds to the chaos. Like when the White House says crimes down. Crimes down, America, what are you complaining about? You see videos like this that includes somebody who's famous like Ian.WATTERS: If Ian Ziering is not safe, none of them is.PERINO: Exactly.WATTERS: Jessica?TARLOV: I just -- I was thrown for a loop that the Judge came out with that analysis. No, I'm here for it.GUTFELD: I watched it, I disagree. I saw something different.PIRRO: No, you didn't see, he gets out of the car.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: I watched it.PIRRO: What you saw was he got out, he assaulted them first, he knocked them off the bike.GUTFELD: They surrounded his car, they hit his car. I would get out. I would get out. You're lucky, you got -- you have somebody driving your car. I'm -- if I'm in that car, I'm going to get out.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: Don't we usually say maybe this is staged if there's such a difference of opinion?PIRRO: Oh, another opinion.GUTFELD: It's a psy op.TARLOV: I've heard you quoted psy ops recently. No, "Sharknado" maybe isn't doing it anymore back in the public spotlight, a lot of sentiment on his side.WATTERS: I like that.TARLOV: Fake news?WATTERS: No, I like it. I'm ready to hear it. Put him back with Tiffani Amber Thiessen, is that how you say it? Thiessen?GUTFELD: I have no idea.WATTERS: You didn't watch "90210"?TARLOV: She wasn't on "90210". Saved by the bell.WATTERS: She wasn't on "90210"?TARLOV: And RIP Luke Perry.PERINO: The age difference when we talk about these types of things, because it was like just five years earlier.TARLOV: I'm definitely right.WATTERS: You're right for once.Joe Biden's New Year off to a rocky start like mine. Popular radio host Charlamagne tha God is dumping the president in 2024.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Breaking news, Donald Trump is appealing the Maine's Secretary of State's decision to boot the former president from the 2024 ballot.And while Dems trying to stop Americans from voting for Trump, President Biden is promising to have a pulse.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, what's your New Year resolution, sir?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: To come back next year.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Anything else?BIDEN: That's the biggest one right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh boy. But his reelection prospects are a different matter. Popular radio host Charlamagne tha God says he has no plans to throw his support behind the big guy's reelection. He just said, "In 2024, it's a race between the cowards, the crooks and the couch." Which is referring to Biden Trump and the option to stay home.Tha God also feels particularly burned by Kamala and added this, "I learned my lesson from doing that once they got the White House, she kind of disappeared."All right, I'm going to go to you, Jessica. It seems to -- is this the canary in a coal mine moment? Is this a -- is this a warning that he's trying to give to the President that you can no longer take the Black vote for granted.TARLOV: It is though it's quite regular that he does this which I think is a service to Democrats to just say, and this is especially pertains to the Black male vote, not so much black women. But Black men have been expressing this certainly through the Trump era and when Biden was running in 2020, that it just wasn't that exciting to them.And they have unleashed campaigns. They did the whole barbershop tour which ended up being successful and President Biden was obviously elected. But it is a concern and there was a poll out today that showed a staggering loss amongst Black voters down into the low 60s. Now, I don't think that anyone who's being an honest broker about that thinks that Biden is going to end up losing 20 percent of the Black vote off of what he got but it's certainly a concern.The disappointment with Kamala is something that I understand. But I do wonder if there are any vice presidents out there where people were like particularly jazzed about or thought like, I love this guy. I mean, Joe Biden when you think back to his eight years as vice president, the real kind of shining star example of what he got done was getting gay marriage passed. That was his portfolio that he was going to be part of the lobbying effort. It was a huge moment for the country and for the party.But Kamala Harris has been put in charge, yes, I know, the border but also in terms of the messaging about the Dobbs decision and getting out the youth vote. And that's been hugely successful. We've won all of these ballot referendums. There was huge turnout in the 2022 Midterms and the expectation is that that will keep up. So, I don't know if knocking her in that way is necessarily --GUTFELD: The Dobbs decision was a gift Kamala -- you didn't need Kamala to do that. Let's be honest. Come on, Jessica. Stop lying.TARLOV: That 2024 humor.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Jesse, this was interesting. He also said, he's not looking for his politics to be pure, right? And I think what he's getting at is that the purity goals of the Democrats keeps the goalpost moving so you never know what's right or what's wrong anymore.What say you man with the golden hair?WATTERS: The -- thank you. We don't on the Republican side always need purity either. Sometimes the most staunch conservative politicians don't end up winning. That's why Trump was so successful because he was a little flexible in terms of his approach to different issues. But think about how hard it is to disappear as Joe Biden's vice president.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Joe Biden has disappeared. That means you are seen and heard from less than the President that we never see or hear from. He's away from the White House in Delaware 30 percent of the time. All she needs to do is maybe once every other week make noise. And every time she does make noise, no one understands the word she says.PIRRO: That the point.WATTERS: She was supposed to be cool. Remember, she wore her little --PIRRO: Sneakers.WATTERS: All-Stars with the pants suit. She liked Tupac. She turned out to be some insecure goofball who just runs away from crisis after crisis. But the fact that he's losing his base, Blacks, Hispanics, young voters, it's time to pander, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: That means Biden is going to come out with the Despacito. Jill is going to call them enchiladas again. They'll probably make Kamala grab Hillary's hot sauce put that in her purse. It's going to be fun to watch.TARLOV: That was legitimate. She does carry --WATTERS: She does not carry hot sauce.TARLOV: Yes, she does.WATTERS: Fact check, by the way, I was right about Tiffani Amber Thiessen. She did appear on 90210.TARLOV: She did. But he did think she was Shannon Doherty.WATTERS: True. Also true.GUTFELD: Judge, Judge, the weird thing about Charlamagne's beef is that it's not about crime or the economy or inflation or gender policy or division, it's not enough Kamala. But does he need Kamala? All of these issues are very left wing.PIRRO: That's really a great point. You have to say, you know what, you should be more worried about Joe because Joe is the one who said to you, if you have to think about me or Trump, then you ain't Black. I'd still be carrying that ship from four years ago.But he says that that people rely on his take because he says he's neither Democrat nor Republican are coming back and saying, you know what, we relied on you. We expected more because you said this. And here's the bottom line. He now is in position where he doesn't speak for anybody, all right, because no one is buying what he said. And so, he's lost credibility and that's what that's about.And look, 71 percent of the country thinks that the country is going in the wrong direction and 71 percent of people in swing states think he's too old. And here's where the problem is with the Black voters. If he loses by uh 0.9 of one percent in Georgia which is a swing state of Black voters, he loses Georgia which he needs.So, those numbers right now, 20 points, Black is 87 to 63, he dropped 24 points. You may not believe that that's how it's going to end up, but it just takes a sliver for him to lose his swing state. And the amazing part of is that Biden had the benefit of abortion, he has the benefit of climate change, and yet young people in this country are not into him. They'd rather vote for Trump. Trump is --TARLOV: No, that's --PIRRO: -- up with Biden when it comes to young people. It's clear. The young people, 37 percent Trump, 33 Biden. So, I mean, for all the gifts he's had, he still is a mess. He's just too old. Even his wife had to remind him, Jill had to tell him your favorite food is ice cream. Really?GUTFELD: You know, Dana, once the media maybe accepts the fact that Biden is still going to run, are they going to have to reverse gears and now push all this good news. Like, before they were OK with the bad news. They figured maybe that would get Joe out. But now, Joe might stick. So, now, they're going to say crime is down, illegal immigration is down, everybody is going to sound like a Republican.PERINO: Yes, absolutely. It could be. I mean, I'm was just waiting for Claudine Gay to come out with a statement that says Charlamagne tha God is a sexist and a racist. Because imagine if --PIRRO: Good point.PERINO: In a color-blind test, somebody said this and it turned out it was -- you know, you're Jesse, what do you think would be the reaction. So -- but the those calls are coming from within the Democratic Party. I know that we look at a lot of polls but I like anecdotes as well. A young producer from "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM" is home for the holidays. She has friends that vote Democrat. And they said that they are not going to vote for Biden-Harris because they want to punish the DNC.So, what you might have happened is a coalescing from the media and social media and maybe somebody like a Taylor Swift that says look, they might not be perfect, but it's better than the alternative. And that would be the hope that they go into.To the Judge's point about the margins for Georgia, Karl Rove today on "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM," and you can find this on the Twitter page, we call it or X page for a newsroom, he went through it. The margins are so small for President Biden that he could lose all the swing states with just a little sliver of these other voters, Blacks, Hispanics, and youth in Arizona, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and of course, Georgia.GUTFELD: There you go. Shouldn't somebody point out to Charlamagne the typo in "the" because I mean, it's kind of embarrassing. You're an adult.PERINO: That's a good point.GUTFELD: It's an article.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: It's just three letters. The pro-Hamas crowd causing New Year's travel mayhem.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Palestinian protesters causing New Year's Day travel mayhem.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: NYPD, KKK, IDF, you're all the same.(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: Anti-Israel demonstrators were disrupting travel at New York's JFK airport on the busiest day for it. The crowd causing massive disruptions like a two-hour long gridlock traffic for people just trying to get on their flight on time. The New York Post front page calling them blockheads for Hamas.Dana, this just seems to be getting stupider and stupider and further and further away from the alleged cause.PERINO: Right. So, you have a right to peacefully protest. You don't have a right to disrupt my travel. And I'm very glad I went through Newark and not JFK yesterday because I would have lost my mind. I'd probably be in jail today and have to call the Judge to try to get myself out because I would have been furious.Also, here's a question. Where's the Secretary of Transportation on this?GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Right? He gives a press conference anytime there's going to be like a snowstorm which is a natural thing and he wants to also -- remember when he blamed MAGA Republicans for the coming air traffic problems?PIRRO: Oh, yes. That never happened.PERINO: They never happen, right? But on this one, they're silent. Why doesn't Biden say, stop all of you. None -- no more of this. I hear you. I want to protect the Gazan and innocents as well but do not do this. This is not good for -- it's not persuading anybody. What -- where are they? Why are they hiding? Well -- or even not hiding, I just -- I just want to understand. If you're Pete Buttigieg and you want to make a name for yourself, go to JFK on a day like this and say, every one of you knock it off. And use the police and get that cleared out.PIRRO: Well, that's because he's made a political calculation. I mean, it's not in his interest with a progressive left to stand up to them. Did you want to ask me anything?TARLOV: Just what your opinion was. But you're already going.PIRRO: First of all, these people are grossly misinformed. They're idiots. They've engendered nothing but bad blood. And you know, anyone trying to get to an airport during the holiday with their family for a long -- waited for a vacation, I mean, this is not -- that will infuriate them. End of the story.NYPD, Port Authority, whoever it is, they need to all be out there and arrest him. That's the end of it.TARLOV: Well, also, Jesse, when you say NYPD, KKK, IDF are all the same, you're kind of showing your cards, right, that you have no idea who you're talking about.WATTERS: I'm so glad you came to me, Jessica, because in my new book, Get It Together, I interview someone who was a climate traffic blocker who sat on a freeway and stopped traffic for hours. And I asked him in the book which you can pre-order now and we'll come in March, Get It Together, unless I remind you three times, he said no one had ever gotten out of the car and come up to and just said, you know, thank you for blocking my commute for three hours. I am now going to reconsider my climate change concepts and I'm going to now walk home and leave my gas-guzzling SUV.It's never happened. These people aren't changing minds. And especially if you were going to do this in a Cadillac Escalade, it's a $100,000 vehicle. That is not engendering any sort of sympathy for the Palestinian cause. Just a little friendly advice.TARLOV: All right, Greg.GUTFELD: Points to the New York Post for blockheads, but I would have gone with Hamas-holes.PIRRO: Oh, very good.GUTFELD: Yes, yes, yes. Do you remember how demonized the Canadian truckers were?PERINO: Oh, God.GUTFELD: I'm sure this is -- this is happening in Canada and you don't hear a word about it. You're asking the same question that we've been asking. How do they think they're winning hearts and minds if they're antagonizing large groups of citizens who are either trying to get to a flight or try to get their mom to the hospital or their kids to her birthday.You realize that we keep asking the question we never get an answer because that's not the question. It's not the point. They're not interested in the people in the vicinity. This is the era of the perpetual protester in which they are playing -- their audience is the smartphone and what they're trying to do is amplify, upload to social media, worldwide this impact to give a sense of a global Jihad, a global uprising.It doesn't matter if it's just 150 people out there if you can show the 110 Freeway, if you can show something in Sydney, Australia, and then you upload these. It creates the perpetual protest. So, your frustrations and anger is irrelevant, right?It's like the greater mission is sponsored theater, right? Telling the world which is a lot of Hamas sympathizers that Global Jihad is beginning. Join the fight. It's a doom loop feed. And it feeds off its own amplification. And the worst part about this is it's designed to create future generations to adopt the same mentality. It's a global brainwash to get impressionable people to join in the uprising.And you are seeing that in America. You're seeing people that are exchanging their views on gender for misogyny. People that were once pro- trans, pro-gay are now pro-Hamas. That's how brainwashed they are. It's frightening.PERINO: Can I make one other point because we kept showing that video that we were showing. I watched local news last night here in New York and they -- one of the descriptions -- this -- that car right there on the back of it, says intifada in big pink letters, right? It says intifada. But the reporter, she's talking about this. She says, these protesters are seeking an end to the genocide in Gaza. Meanwhile, like, the video is showing intifada on the back of it. Like, what do you think that means, guys? So, like -- anyway, just a little a point.PIRRO: Good point.PERINO: Thank you. I'll put it in my good point journal.GUTFELD: Oh, I can't wait for that to come out.PERINO: It's going to be great. It's going to be bestseller.GUTFELD: It's going to be better than Jesse's book.WATTERS: Thank you. Pre-order that right now, Get It Together.TARLOV: Out in March. OK, coming up, Green Day causing controversy after bashing the MAGA agenda.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: A punk rock band that's famous for Raging Against The Establishment now seems to love it. Green Day insulting millions of Trump supporters after changing the lyrics of their hit song American Idiot during a New Year's Eve performance.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILLIE JOE ARMSTRONG, VOCALIST, GREEN DAY: Well, maybe I'm the (BLEEP) America. I'm not a part of a MAGA agenda.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Greg, I go to you first because I don't understand anything of what they just said.GUTFELD: Well, OK, a little background on Green Day.PIRRO: Thank you.GUTFELD: They're like a poor man's vandals. They just got lucky. But talk about the opposite of punk rock. You have four aging hipsters mimicking exactly what you would hear out of the mouths of Joe Biden, the legacy media, and most important, the establishment. Green Day and Joe Biden are the same thing full of dookie.PIRRO: All right.GUTFELD: And I would say Green Day is essentially establishment corporate identity in music. They pretend to be giving it to the man when they're just giving him a reach around. You know what they're like? They're like an -- they're like your high school English teacher who bought a shirt at Hot Topic to make him cool with the kids.But this is the so opposite of punk rock. By the way, it shows you that it doesn't matter what the Republican is. Like, 20 years ago, it was it was Bush, now it's Trump. You think Trump is different? No. The next Republican will be seen as Hitler and a Nazi. You want punk, you look at the people thinking outside of politics, like Joe Rogan, like Elon Musk --PIRRO: Right.GUTFELD: Those are the punkers. Real rebels threaten the establishment. They don't appease it. They turned into everything they hated. I love it because their music is overrated. They are no vandals.PIRRO: All right, well, that explains it, Jessica.TARLOV: Well, they didn't do a Mitt Romney rendition in 2012.GUTFELD: But -- yes, they did. Yes, they did. They --TARLOV: Why? Because they said --GUTFELD: No, the Washington Post did a piece that he was bullying kids in grade school. Remember that?PERINO: Yes, of course.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Do you remember that? Or putting his dog on -- they demonized every Republican.PERINO: Green Day lost its mind originally during the Bush years. Their brand became completely political. And the only way they could get coverage for their New Year's Eve was to do something like this. And I'm sure they leaked it beforehand so that it would get --PIRRO: So they get the coverage. Jesse, do you want to say anything?WATTERS: I caught a second. I thought Ryan Seacrest was phenomenal. You know, people make jokes about Seacrest. That guy perfect timing, toys, delivery.PIRRO: Go ahead.WATTERS: I'm not done. I have more on Seacrest. You don't want to hear it.GUTFELD: Seacrest.WATTERS: Fine, go ahead.GUTFELD: It sounds like a rest home.PIRRO: OK. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time for "ONE MORE THING." Jesse?WATTERS: Happy New Year! Let's see some family photos. Just one because we're going to run out of time. There we are celebrating at Camp Yellow. Great time down there. Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," we have Sage Steele, Marjorie Taylor Greene who's been swatted eight times, and I'm going to get a tarot card reading from Paula Roberts.PERINO: Oh, wow! Judge.PIRRO: OK. This year I was named by the International Association of Top Professionals.TARLOV: Oh, wow.PIRRO: A top judge and TV host. There you can see I'm at Nasdaq. I feel so honored to have been recognized. Here's my picture displayed on Nasdaq Billboard and Time Square right here in New York City.WATTERS: Congratulations!GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we're back and better than ever with a great show. I got Rob Long, Vince August, Kat Timpf, Joe Machi tonight at 10:00 p.m.PERINO: Wow. Also, I have a new thing to -- I have something to promote. Perino On Politics this week with Colin Reed. We taped it this morning. So, check it out. Get your 20 minutes of politics. Jessica.TARLOV: I can't read the whole thing but super cool set of twins. One was born in 2023 --PIRRO: Oh, I love this.TARLOV: Yes, in New Jersey. Congratulations!PERINO: One was born in 2023 and the other was born in New Jersey.PIRRO: No.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: The other one is in 2024.PIRRO: Yes, different years. They're identical.TARLOV: But both in New Jersey.PERINO: That's fun. It's fun to make --PIRRO: Yes, it is fun.PERINO: Anyway, that's it for us. Have a great night. Hey, Bret!