TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, the results are astounding. A California School District where just one out of 20 kids can do math at grade level says the answer to low test scores is to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxpayer money on "woke" kindergarten.A program that advocates getting rid of everything from police to whiteness to Israel.But instead of boosting performance, the program has done the exact opposite.Bill Melugin is reviewing the numbers in the curriculum. He is live with more on what he found. Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. That's pretty wild. This elementary school is up in the bay area. They spent a quarter million dollars in federal money for what's being called a woke program to try and boost their low-test scores, but, all that ended up happening is their test scores fell even further.So, take a look. This is Glassbrook Elementary School. It's a predominantly low-income school with mostly minority students. Two years ago, it was struggling with low attendance and low-test scores. So, the school decided to turn to an organization that will train teachers to confront white supremacy and disrupt racism and oppression. That for profit program is called Woke Kindergarten, and the school spent $250,000 of government money for a three-year contract with it.Well, the results have been unimpressive to say the least. As a matter of fact, two years into this deal, student achievement at the school has fallen.English and math scores plummeted to new lows last spring with less than four percent of students proficient in math, and just under 12 percent at grade level in English.School District officials defended the program this last week saying that Woke Kindergarten did what it was hired to do.And Trace, the San Francisco Chronicle reports, the school district actually pointing to improvements in attendance, and said the school was no longer on the state watch list.Well, the problem with that is, the Chronicle had to inform them that not only was the school still on that list, and it also dropped to an even lower level than they were at before.GALLAGHER: Yes, lower on the list. Bill, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT", had seen it all until seeing a program called Woke Kindergarten. A San Francisco area school called Glassbrook Elementary spent $250,000 of your money, taxpayer money on woke kindergarten. In an effort to improve some of the lowest test scores in California. But the program failed, failed miserably.After two years, the test scores are now four percent lower in both math and reading.Four percent doesn't sound like a big number, until you learn that another four percent loss would put the scores near zero.So, instead of one out of 20 kids being able to do math, not a single student would properly add or subtract.But the good news is these very same kids are much more proficient in the use of proper pronouns, and can now draw pictures using every color in the crayon box. Because that's where the focus was.The students were also taught about things that need to be abolished and eradicated like whiteness, police, borders, schools, landlords, money, jobs, and, oh yes, Israel.With an assignment asking, "If the United States defunded the Israeli military, how could the money be used to rebuild Palestine?" So, you want kids who can't write to write about Middle East propaganda?"COMMON SENSE" thinks a better idea would be to defund Woke Kindergarten, and use the money to, I don't know, maybe hire somebody who can teach kids how to read.Let's bring in parents defending education, president, and founder Nicole Neily; Defense of Freedom Institute spokeswoman Angela Morabito; and democratic candidate for Senate here in California, Christina Pascucci. Thank you all for coming on.Christina, you're sitting next to me. So, I'll go to you first.CHRISTINA PASCUCCI (D-CA), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: Yes.GALLAGHER: We're talking about Woke Kindergarten. I hadn't heard of it until this weekend. But it really is kind of an astounding thing.PASCUCCI: And as someone who's eight months pregnant right now, thinking about my kid's future and in her education.GALLAGHER: Right.PASCUCCI: It just it kills you to see this. We are failing our kids on every basic level. What this $250,000 woke program fails to do is to address some of the most basic foundational issues for our children.They are not reading at grade level in California by third grade. 60 to 70 percent of them.And we should focus on things like reading, writing, and math first. Get the foundations down.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Angela, to you now. Here is the founder of Woke Kindergarten. And then, I'll get your thoughts on the other side of this soundbite. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AKIEA GROSS, FOUNDER, WOKE KINDERGARTEN: When I think about a world free of state violence, free of war free of genocide, I think about a world free of the U.S. empire. I think about a world free of Israel.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Founded a program for elementary school kids hates Israel, hates the United States. What do you think?ANGELA MORABITO, SPOKESPERSON, DEFENSE OF FREEDOM INSTITUTE: That elementary school would have been better off taking that quarter million dollars and lighting it on fire in the parking lot, than letting that person have influence over their classrooms?When you look at what's inside Woke Kindergarten, it's asking students like, how do you -- the United States that should theoretically be supporting Palestine? Or what would happen if we challenged the legitimacy of the Supreme Court?These are absurd questions to ask anyone, let alone a 5-year-old, and doing so as educational malpractice.GALLAGHER: Yes. Speaking of educational malpractice, to you now, Nicole, because today kicks off Black Lives Matter at school week of action. Going on to say that the 13 guiding principles are following such principles include fostering a queer affirming network by freeing an individual from the tight grip of heteronormative thinking. The principles require commitment to doing the work required to dismantle cis-gendered privilege and uplift black trans folk, and to disrupting the Western-prescribed nuclear family structure.What do you think?NICOLE NEILY, PRESIDENT AND FOUNDER, PARENTS DEFENDING EDUCATION: I mean, it's really astonishing that we still have districts that are doing Black Lives Matter at school week after their unabashed support for Hamas. You know, we have children across this country who do not know their ABCs. But they do know H-A-M-A-S. And that is unacceptable.If we really want to help disadvantaged children, let's teach them to read and write, and not tell them they are victims because of the skin color of their peers.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think that's a very good point. And speaking by the way of California screwing things up, let's put bring Christina Pascucci back in here because I want to put this up on the screen. This is your ballot. You're running for U.S. Senate. Right?PASCUCCI: Yes.GALLAGHER: And your ballot didn't have any designation. It should be local news, journalists. Right? It says there nothing. The state -- secretary of state has acknowledged they were wrong, they messed up your ballot. And this is vital.One of the leading political voices in California, U.C. Berkeley professor Dan Schnur's wrote the following, quoting here, "Christina Pascucci did everything she was required to do. And she now deserves the same consideration as any other candidate, whether it be Joe Biden, Donald Trump, or any of her opponents in the Senate primary. If her title is not listed on every ballot that all California voters receive, the secretary of state's will need to find another way to give her the opportunity she has earned. Right now, they don't appear to have many options."Right now, they are letting the ballots go. They sent them out Christina, because it's too much money.PASCUCCI: Yes. Political analysts are calling this unprecedented. And the reason that everyone should care about it is because it impacts the integrity of our elections.GALLAGHER: Right.PASCUCCI: And when we did the polling with my ballot designation, and then not having it, my numbers cut in half. So, it not only harms my campaign, it harms the integrity of the election. And in order for this election, to have integrity, the secretary of state should do everything they can to make sure that, for example, we send out e-mails to every registered voter. But right now, they just sent out a press release.GALLAGHER: Yes.PASCUCCI: That's maybe been seen by a couple 100 people, when there are millions of voters who don't understand that there was something omitted there. And they admitted to that, "unfortunate" internal mistake.GALLAGHER: And that's the baffling part is the secretary of state has said, we were wrong in this, but we can't fix it because it costs too much money. And we don't have the time. It is a disservice to you.Christina, we'll talk about more later. But Angela, I want to get your take on the White House now, reviewing this Title IX rule that would force schools to treat students with gender identity, or with about their gender identity instead of their biological sex. Is that a fair assessment?PASCUCCI: That's 100 percent correct. What the Biden administration wants to do is entirely invert the meaning of Title IX and say, well, it's not about discrimination on the basis of sex, they want to redefine the word sex and make it about gender identity.This would mean boys and girls restrooms, locker rooms and on girls' sports teams, even though they like to lie about that piece. And that rule is coming very soon.GALLAGHER: Yes.PASCUCCI: The American people don't want this as evidenced by the record shattering number of public comments this rule received.So, the rule is coming soon. But that public outcry is not going away.And in polls all across the country. Angela, you look at this whole thing and people are against this.And yet, here we are the Biden administration working on propagating this.PASCUCCI: Exactly. Public --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: I'm sorry, Nicole. Let me -- let me just go to Nicole very quickly to wrap this up. Sorry. Nicole.NEILY: This is actually a rare area of bipartisan cooperation where people across the board, be the Democrats, be the Republicans, be the Conservatives, be the minorities -- everybody hates this role.So, it's astonishing that President Biden would want to force this through an election year. So, you know what bring it. He is going to be tied up in litigation and that's going to hang over his head when it comes to November.GALLAGHER: Nicole Neily, Angela Morabito and Christina Pascucci, thank you all.Well, if you think illegal immigrants beating up New York City cops was horrific, it was. But new video now shows a 62-year-old woman being brutally dragged down the street by migrants. on mopeds.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with the video and a crime ring behind the video. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. Two men were busted in The Bronx as part of a moped riding migrant crew that had been snatching cell phones right out of the hands of New Yorkers, even daring, you know, bursts of crime on the streets of the city.Police sources, by the way, say they have actually made -- not only made arrest, Trace, they've actually been able to flip some members of the group on its ringleader.A couple of suspects, I can tell you about, Cleyber Andrade ,19; Juan Uzcatgui, 23, part of this alleged wider ring of members connected to 62 different instances of grand larceny throughout the Big Apple, including this shocking video of a heist, where a 62-year-old woman by the name of Irina Panteleeva was brutally dragged out of Brooklyn Street.Thieves making off with her bag, or keys, or phone, or credit cards, and even their glasses, all while she careened through the air and slammed into a metal bike rack.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOSEPH KENNY, CHIEF OF DETECTIVES, NEW YORK POLICE DEPARTMENT: During our investigation, we learned that these perpetrators are part of a sophisticated criminal enterprise made up of migrants, who have recently arrived in the United States. This network of thieves predominantly live in the migrant shelter -- migrant shelter system. They use social media platforms to organize and coordinate their thefts.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Unbelievable. Now, sources tell the New York Post tonight, cops are still searching for the alleged ringleader, a 30-year-old Venezuelan migrant named Victor Parra, who was actually cut loose by a judge back in December, after getting picked up for grand larceny.Meanwhile, Fox News has learned tonight that the suspects in the infamous cop beat down case, you probably saw that last week over Time Square, they use what's called a gene number to get a taxpayer funded bus tickets ahead to the California-Mexico border.But great news tonight, Trace, they were arrested in Arizona.GALLAGHER: That is -- that is great news, Kevin. The question is will they remain behind bars somewhere in some state?CORKE: Yes.GALLAGHER: We shall soon find out. Let's bring in former Deputy Assistant Attorney General Cal Berkeley Law Professor John Yoo.I want to start where Kevin ended right there, John, because we appear to have arrested some of these people who beat up the illegal immigrants who beat up the police officers in New York City, had they gotten to California, they would have had even more protection, it seems like the further they go west the more protections these people would gain.JOHN YOO, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE: These terrible cases of the results of two different governments failing. One is the Biden administration at the border, clearly, isn't imposing filters to prevent felons from getting into the country. The kind of people who can organize these kinds of sophisticated organized crime gangs.But then as you say, Trace, equal, if not larger fault is also falling upon the sanctuary cities and sanctuary states that are not fully enforcing their criminal laws, that are encouraging people to come to their cities by saying, we're not going to cooperate with the federal government, we're not going to allow immigration laws to be enforced in our borders. And were also these happened to be cities that are being very light on arrest and prosecution of felons.GALLAGHER: Right. It's not even just very light, John, because you know, just to kind of reiterate what Kevin was talking about there, you see these illegal immigrants involved in this crime ring, and as Kevin laid out, some 62 different acts of grand larceny. And yet, they are out on the street again, and again.And people who live there, kind of put their hands up and they are like, what's going on?YOO: Well, part of it is, the cities and the states like California, but cities like New York, are attracting people who are not in the country legally, because they are saying they're sanctuary cities. And they are providing them with protections, as you said, Trace, and benefits.And then, they are coming into cities, where the D.A.s, like in New York City are spending way more time investigating President Trump than they are maintaining basic law and order on their streets.GALLAGHER: Yes.YOO: And so, it's almost -- I'm afraid these blue cities and D.A.s and mayors don't understand incentives or providing enormous incentives for criminals to come to their cities and practice, unfortunately, to prey on the innocent residents.GALLAGHER: Yes, I've got about 40 seconds left, John. And wanted to get your take on the migrants now getting these prepaid credit cards from New York, and they have to promise to only use them to buy food not to buy tobacco and alcohol.Is there any -- is there any remedy for if they decide to use this for other stuff? Can this take go after him? Would they go after him?YOO: No. I mean, look, this is again, this is people who don't -- these are officials who don't understand the incentives they are creating.If you're going to give out free money to people who are in the country by breaking the law, then, of course you're going to get more people there. And then you can't turn around and complain, and say, we have too many illegal aliens, too many migrants in our city who are overwhelming our city services, when you are saying, here is money that you can spend on virtually anything.GALLAGHER: Yes. John Yoo, great to see you as always. Thank you.Meantime, President Biden is baffled as to why his Bidenomics campaign pitches falling on deaf ears turns out just because financial experts think the economic numbers are improving, lot tougher to convince the guy who can't pay his rent.Bill Melugin is back live with how real-world views are facing the economy. Bill?MELUGIN: Well, Trace, despite a very, very good recent jobs report, President Biden's poll numbers on the economy are looking absolutely brutal against former President Trump. And he is behind in an overall head-to-head matchup.Take a look at recent NBC News poll, showing Trump surging ahead of Biden by five points if the election were held today, voters main concerns being the economy and immigration issues Trump has capitalized on, as he said during an appearance on Fox's Sunday morning futures.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: When you look at what's happening to our country, with people from jails and prisons, people from mental institutions and insane asylums coming in. It's our country is being destroyed.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: According to an NBC poll, Biden also trails Trump by 23 points when voters were asked who would better handle the economy. Those numbers despite data showing inflation coming down, and a far greater than expected 353,000 jobs added during the month of January. Biden says despite those numbers, he's ready to take on Trump again.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If I -- if I were him, I'd (INAUDIBLE) the day me too. You got nothing else to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And Trump also had an enormous lead over Biden in NBC polling when it comes to securing the border. He is leading Biden in that category by 35 points.GALLAGHER: We're going to talk a little more about those polls, Bill, thank you. Let's bring in Princeton University political scientists, Lauren Wright; and Sentinel Action Fund president, Jessica Anderson, thank you both for coming on.Here's the media bias on Biden's economy and how people just don't realize how good they've got it. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKA BRZEZINSKI, CO-HOST, MORNING JOE, MSNBC: Brutal act, economic poll numbers for President Biden come despite most of the key economic indicators remaining extremely strong.KRISTEN WELKER, WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT, NBC NEWS: The economy is so striking, Steve, because jobs are up, inflation is down. Voters aren't giving him credit for that, clearly.JOE SCARBOROUGH, CO-HOST, MORNING JOE, MSNBC: I'll just say right here, a lot of them shocking to me. I mean, outrageous. Everything cutting, again, which -- again, for me is it's so preposterous, it's laughable.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Jessica, they are not giving him credit, because burgers are still 22 bucks at the local cafe, and they can't afford that kind of stuff. The prices are not coming down.JESSICA ANDERSON, PRESIDENT, SENTINEL ACTION FUND: That's right, Trace. And actually, this poll shows just how deep the concerns of the economy and the border and crime actually are for all Americans, including the Biden voter. Americans, these issues that we're facing, they don't discriminate against Republicans or Democrats, and we see this in this poll.The poll is also telling us I think something really interesting here, Trace, is that, they view Trump -- voters are viewing Trump as the way out for this as he actually leads Biden and six swing states that Biden previously won four years ago. So, there's a lot I think, to unpack in this new NBC poll.GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes. Well, we had on MSNBC Friday, they had some voters in a black barber shop talking about the economy, and the way they view the economy. I want you to watch this, and Lauren, I'll get your thoughts. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)A lot of my friends are, obviously, my age. So, we're a little younger. We've only voted once, you know, for president, and Trump is kind of all we know, and they're kind of Trump or Biden.They are like, well, we were broke with Biden, we weren't with Trump. And that's kind of the only thing that I'm hearing over and over again. Over and over again, is that with Trump, we had money.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Broke with Biden, we weren't with Trump, Lauren, it's a -- it's a good campaign slogan.LAUREN WRIGHT, POLITICAL SCIENTIST, PRINCETON UNIVERSITY: It's simple and really, Trace, as long as Trump and Republicans are selling a message of prosperity and Biden and Democrats are proffering survival, that's going to be a winner for Republicans every time. And that's why for decades and polls, they've been trusted more in the economy.But look, I'll throw NBC a bone by normal political standards. These head- to-head matchups are quite striking.GALLAGHER: Yes.WRIGHT: Trump has 91 criminal charges, twice impeached, a lost election to last midterms. Republicans had no business losing. Not one, not two, but three former members of his administration are running against him.GALLAGHER: Right.WRIGHT: That is how bad Joe Biden is. That is how angry Americans are with what's going on. So --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.WRIGHT: To say, at least, it's a wake-up call for Democrats, that's an understatement.GALLAGHER: You're talking about the head-to-head polls. I want to put this up there. NBC, this is the biggest gap NBC has ever had. You see Trumpet 47, and Joe Biden -- that's not the one. It's the one before that.Trump at 47, Joe Biden 42. Bingo, there you go. I mean, what's your take on this, Jessica? Because, wow, I've got about 30 seconds for each of you.ANDERSON: Behind every single one of these statistics, I still think we've got real Americans that are struggling. They see the images on the border, they see our national security and humanitarian crisis. They know the price of gas and groceries and education.GALLAGHER: Yes.ANDERSON: And they are concerned. And so, these poll numbers reflect that. And they are real and they are hard. Democrats either need to turn around or they will lose this coming November.GALLAGHER: Now, to the other graphic, because this is the way it looks Lauren, on the other side, every major topic from the economy, the securing the border dealing, you got Trump with big leads. I got 15-20 seconds for you.WRIGHT: The other problem for Democrats that's really relevant here is Biden seems to be trying to appeal to the most progressive wing of his party and the youngest voters on things like student loan forgiveness that is completely alienating to the majority of Americans that didn't graduate from college.And so, when he does those things on Israel, Palestine, the mixed messaging, he is appealing to a section of the electorate, that turns out less than a third of the time.GALLAGHER: Yes.WRIGHT: And so, yes, it's cynical, but focus less on those folks.GALLAGHER: Yes.WRIGHT: And more on the moderates that are going to swing the election.GALLAGHER: Good analysis, as always, Jessica Anderson, Lauren Wright, thank you.Political violence is back in the Pacific Northwest. It appears that Antifa and other left-wing radicals are escalating violence all over again.And later in the "NIGHTCAP". Have you seen the new Apple vision Pro headset, so I did it this weekend, right? It was on an airplane, and one of our tech people came over and gave it to me.It's like wearing a computer with incredibly clear graphics. And a sense of total immersion. It's also heavy, uncomfortable, and you look really goofy using it.Would you wear it in public because someday we might all be forced to wear these goggles all the time. Let us know on X and Instagram @tracegallagher. Weigh in. We'll show you the results and read the responses in the "NIGHTCAP". Coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: But Portland, Oregon is now in the grip of new political violence tonight. Anarchist now claiming responsibility for a pair of arson fires that includes torching a city commissioner's car.Here is the senior correspondent, Dan Springer.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DAN SPRINGER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The torching of this car in Portland was apparently meant to intimidate. The target, City Commissioner Rene Gonzalez. A moderate Democrat running for mayor, who wants a course correction with safe streets, job one. responsibility for the crime was posted on an Anarchy web site. "Let this serve as a warning to the politicians and their capitalist cronies and a call to action to other anarchists. Solidarity means attack.JOSH MARQUIS, FORMER OREGON PROSECUTOR: This is political terrorism. It's absolutely intolerable. We need to throw enormous resources at this.SPRINGER (voice over): But anarchists and members of Antifa largely got away with violence and vandalism during months of nightly riots in 2020. The district attorney, Mike Schmidt rarely filed charges despite dozens of police officers injured and millions of dollars in damage.ANGELA TODD, PDX REAL: We have got to hold people accountable not for their ideology, not what they think. This is America, but for behavior. And that includes all political sides.SPRINGER (voice over): Anarchists also took credit for destroying equipment being used to clear a site for another sanctioned homeless village to be run by the nonprofit group, Urban Alchemy.KIRKPATRICK TYLER, CHIEF OF GOVERNMENTAL AND COMMUNITY AFFAIRS, URBAN ALCHEMY: Anything that device safe spaces for our unhoused neighbors, to get in off the street is as wrong and atrocious.SPRINGER (voice over): Something this reawakening of Portland anarchy is tied to the Palestinians cause. Others see it as pushback to political moderation in this reliably liberal city. Local leaders are staying quiet.JEFF CHURCH, PDX REAL: People are afraid, you know, generally to speak out against these -- against these people because they -- you know, they do harass people, and they do dox people, and they do harass their businesses.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPRINGER (on camera): Portland police refused to talk to us about their investigation other than to say it's being joined by the ATF and FBI. Experts we spoke with say that this attack on a city commissioner is a dangerous escalation, and they expect more violence until those responsible are arrested and prosecuted. Trace?GALLAGHER: Dan Springer. Dan, thank you.Let's bring in KTTH Seattle talk radio host Jason Rantz. Jason, you kind of saw the piece there. I'm kind of wondering, do you think that political violence in Portland really ever went out?JASON RANTZ, TALK SHOW HOST, KTTH RADIO SEATTLE: It really didn't. It was always there. It was maybe taking a slightly different approach. They were leaning more into the bullying and intimidation factor, but it was always done under the threat of violence. And you saw some violence here or there, but we've seen this for a while now because, frankly, they've been able to get away with it.The idea that you don't have local leaders who are willing to step up and condemn this strongly and say you're going to do everything humanly possible to ensure that you find the people responsible is precisely why it's going to continue.There's no real consequences for this action, for these actions, and frankly looking at just some of the images that you aired from all of the riots over the course of the BLM summer, I mean, no one suffered significant punishment. So, what is the message that you're sending them? Continue to go down this path and you're going to get away with it. It's terrorism.GALLAGHER: Yes. Do you really believe the climate is the same, that there are no consequences, that they believe that they can do this again with impunity?RANTZ: I still think that that's what they believe. Now, clearly, the city as a whole has started to take a slightly different approach to some of the issues. You are understanding, of course, because we just heard from Dan Springer, you've got folks who are upset that they're getting more moderate. And they're not even getting that moderate, I mean, they're calling Commissioner Gonzalez a moderate. He's a Democrat. He's just not a hardcore far to the left progressive and unless you're a radical you're seen as basically an alt right winger.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean it's, it's kind of reminiscent of the weather underground back in the day when they had these things because that was the way they accomplish things. An awful case of a 3-week-old baby found dead and discarded in Washington state. You wrote this op-ed in The Daily Mail, it reads in part, quoting here: "In all their perverse wisdom, the Washington State Department of Children, Youth and Families deemed to leave a newborn child with his drug-addicted father after the baby was born on Christmas Day with traces of fentanyl in his system. The state separated the child from his birth mother and placed him with 37-year-old, Jordan Sorensen, a prolific criminal with no stable home address." Pick it up from there for us Jason.RANTZ: Yes, a little over a year ago Democrats in Washington state and the state legislature change the law so that a judge cannot deem it an imminent threat to the safety of a child if that child is around drugs, if they're parents happen to be drug addicts. That were supposed to believe that saying so creates a stigma that stops the addict from seeking treatment which as we know is complete nonsense and the data says quite the opposite.And so, we're leaving these kids in positions where they're getting hurt and we've seen an increase in kids who are either suffering from an overdose, but thankfully surviving, or succumbing to an overdose. We're seeing that number surge and it's because we're choosing as a state not to condemn drug use. It is backward and I understand if they want to do this with adults, I think it's still cruel and evil. But when you're doing this with kids, it takes another step in that direction. We're not going to be able to turn back.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's heart-rending. Jason Rantz, great to have you on as always. Thank you.RANTZ: Thank you.GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS." Southern California dealing with massive amounts of rain and flooding from a major pineapple express storm. Sounds fun. It's not. Trust me. The National Weather Service says some 40 million people were or are under severe weather warnings that could last for the next few days.A scary scene of what happens when you drive in the rain with worn-out tires. A car in Oregon narrowly missing vehicles, an emergency crews as it slides off the pavement into an embankment. Fortunately, nobody got hit and the driver we're told was just fine.And now, a glimpse into the future. Fans at a Boston Celtics game were distracted by somebody courtside wearing an Apple Vision Pro headset. He was apparently interacting with the device by dribbling and throwing a basketball against a seat. Apple describes the headset as revolutionary spatial computer. It'll cost you about $3,500, though. I tried one out this weekend. They're amazing, but uncomfortable. And you look really odd using them. More on the high-tech goggles later in the "NIGHTCAP."And if you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.And coming up King Charles diagnosed with cancer. He postpones his duties as he undergoes treatment. There are new questions tonight about what the royal family might be keeping from the public. But first a live EarthCam look at Roebling Bridge that connects Cincinnati, Ohio to Covington, Kentucky. The bridge built in 1867, a prototype for the famous Brooklyn Bridge in New York City. We are coming right back with the story about King Charles.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Updating breaking news now, much speculation tonight around Buckingham Palace's announcement that King Charles has cancer. Their statement includes very few details.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Why wouldn't he be getting treatments in the hospital? You know, if it was colon or if it was lymphoma. If he went home, I'm thinking even more. And again, I'm putting, going out on a limb here because I don't have direct information on this, but it's what's on my mind, that it could be bladder cancer, and that would be very good news.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: We do know the cancer was discovered as a separate issue when King Charles went to the hospital to check it in large prostate. Leaders from around the world wishing him prayers and speedy recovery. The King was also allowed to return home after his diagnosis. Let's bring in Nile Gardiner the Director of the Heritage Foundation's Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom. Nile, it's great to have you on here. I mean what more are you hearing about the King, if anything?NILE GARDINER, DIRECTOR, HERITAGE FOUNDATION'S MARGARET THATCHER CENTER FOR FREEDOM: Trace, thanks very much for having on the show today and I've been in contact with a number of political and media contacts in London. And I think there is actually, there's a growing sense of optimism that the King is going to be able to pull through, even though of course this announcement today was very serious and potentially could be a very grave matter, certainly, I think, for the King.But I do get the sense from speaking to friends, contacts in London, that there is a lot of hope for the King. And presently, he is an outpatient, basically receiving treatment in London. He could be receiving chemotherapy, radiotherapy, it's not quite certain. So, Buckingham Palace has been quite reticent to describe in detail the kind of cancer that the King has. But there's a lot of hope, certainly in London, that he's going to pull through. He's a very strong figure. He's an increasingly popular King as well with the British people. There's an immense amount of goodwill towards the King right now.GALLAGHER: But I'm just wondering, Nile, as they say he's got cancer, they're very forthright about that, if you say he's got cancer, why not just give us the rest of the information? It seems as if when you withhold the second part, which is the type of cancer, it seems as though you would relinquish that if it was very treatable, and if you hold that back, it makes people suspicious. It makes people fear the worst.GARDINER: Yes, that's a very good point, and it could be the case. Buckingham Place is awaiting the result to further attest for the King, that's one possibility. I think that mainly they're keen to protect the privacy of the King here, but as you point out there will be intense speculation with regard to the kind of cancer that the King has and I expect that Buckingham Palace will ultimately reveal the kind of cancer the King has as a result of immense public pressure and interest. Otherwise, there will be a lot of speculation that the King's condition is very perilous. So, I expect we're going to see some more details being released from the palace.GALLAGHER: Nile Gardiner, it's great to talk to you, as always, sir. Thank you. We appreciate it.GARDINER: My pleasure. Many thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: Well, it remains to be seen tonight how the Biden administration responds to three new attacks by Iranian proxy groups on U.S. assets in Syria. But it comes as American and British forces continue hitting Houthi targets in Yemen. The Pentagon says the U.S. counterattacks are not part of an open-ended campaign, but adds if U.S. forces are threatened or harmed, it will act. Let's bring in Israeli special ops veteran, Aaron Cohen.Aaron, it's great to have you on here. I mean, the U.S. keeps saying, they keep saying, listen, we're going to do it at our own time, in our own way, and then they do these strikes and the Houthis just keep firing back. They're taunting. It's embarrassing. It seems to me like they're really accomplishing nothing except dropping a lot of metal on, on various targets.AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPS VETERAN: Yes, it's a waste of metal, Trace. I mean, basically, what, what these are these are feel-good responses the fact is, is that -- what's happening in the Middle East right now is Iran is trying to start a war with the United States. They started with Israel. I don't really see it as an Arab-Israeli war. I see it as Iran attacking Israel using one of its proxies, Hamas. That's a direct attack in my opinion if you pull out and look at the big picture. Now you've got Iran using proxies to attack and it's just killed three US service members and then at the Biden administration deciding to send over a couple of missiles and being selective saying hey, we don't want to telegraph our strikes.GALLAGHER: Right.COHEN: We're going to strike back, but we're not we're going to do any significant damage. So, really, it's getting political and that politics is dangerous.GALLAGHER: So, we all agree that the U.S. is blowing up a lot of stuff, whatever it is They're blowing up a lot of stuff, but it's not enough to deter Iran, and that that is a very fair assessment because that's what's happening because Iran could tell these proxies tell the Houthis and the rest of these people knock it off and they don't seem to be doing that.COHEN: That's right and that's the United States' sole purpose as the single greatest power in this country and defender of democracy is to be able to put forth that deterrence with those carrier groups, with those airstrikes. These strikes need to have teeth on them, they need to be targeting Iranian leaders, they need to be really sending very aggressive messages. I'm not saying we got to go to war with Iran, but it's time to make some strikes that have some teeth to let the Iranians know that hey we get that you're pawing at us right now but don't make us paw back and I think it's time to maybe get a couple little fangs out or get a couple claws out and hit him back where it hurts. And let's start with these economic sanctions again. Those were very effective during the Trump administration. I don't, I don't understand what the White House is doing with Iran. It's mind boggling.GALLAGHER: Interesting that you use the word deterrence because General Jack Keane today said these strikes are punitive. They are not deterrence strikes. So, you would you would apparently agree with.COHEN: I do agree with them. And I think these, I think I don't think punitive is, is, is anywhere near strategically where we need to be on a tactical level when it comes to Iran. There needs to be strikes, they need to be hard, they need to be very selective, but they need to hit targets that are going to scare Iran. Iran is trying to pull the United States into an entire conflict here. You know what? Time to make them step back and time to make them step down.GALLAGHER: Are you of the mind that if we hit inside Iran that it would cause a war between Iran and the United States?COHEN: I think it could potentially cause a war, but this is the thing. Iran likes to use these proxies because they want to play. They want to play. So, they want to kind of paw around the United States and hit them with the Houthis and hit them with some -- remember, all this is connected to Iran, Trace. The sooner Iran gets one, in Hebrew like we say, (INAUDIBLE), Hamas will feel it, Hezbollah will feel it, Hezbollah in Iraq will feel it, and the Houthis will feel it, I promise.GALLAGHER: I think I'll be fluent in Hebrew by the time that we finish.COHEN: And Arabic and Farsi, but by the time we're done you're going to be speaking four languages.GALLAGHER: You have taught me well. Aaron Cohen, great to see you. Nice to meet you.COHEN: Yes, appreciate you.GALLAGHER: Coming up, what do you think of spatial computing? Apple is out with its Vision Pro goggles, which blends digital content with physical space. I tried it this weekend on an airplane. It was unbelievable, but I tell you, there are some downsides to it.There's still time to weigh in. Would you sport these high-tech goggles in public, because you might have to use them all the time? We don't know. The "NIGHTCAP" crew is weighing in next. Meantime, 8:46 on the West Coast, here's a FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. Live look at Eugene, Oregon, the only U.S. city to host three consecutive U.S. Olympic trials.Now a live look, Huntington, West Virginia, nicknamed the Jewel City. Finally, White River Junction, small village in Hartford, Vermont, best known for being the first and largest railroad center in Vermont. The things you learn on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, we are coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Bill Melugin, Christina Pascucci, and Jason Rantz. Tonight's topic, seeing clearly. Apple just released its new goggles, the Apple Vision Pro, where you can walk around interacting with both the virtual world and the physical world around you. Here's the question: would you wear these in public because you see them all the time? I was on a plane with one of our tech guys this weekend and he let me use them.And I'm telling you, Kevin Corke, they're heavy and I mean it's hard to use them and they're just uncomfortable and stuff. But when you turn it on, it's like, wow. I mean, the whole world is there, but you have to control things by doing this and doing this and you're this and people looking at you like, what's wrong with the guy in 2A? Right. Kevin?CORKE: I probably would, because I'm the resident tech geek. I love technology. But if you're asking would I do it in public at the beginning, probably not. But ultimately, yes, why not?GALLAGHER: Yes, and that's the thing is that the fear is, and a lot of people have said this, they think that eventually your workplace or whatever is going to get rid of these computers and that will be your thing. You're going to have to wear these around instead of carrying your laptop, Christina Pascucci. And that's the fear a lot of people have.PASCUCCI: With all the dysfunction in our society right now, that's the least of our problems.GALLAGHER: Right. Except someone's come and steal your head kit and run off.PASCUCCI: I know, that would probably happen too. You know, there's maybe aliens on other planets sometimes people ask. I think they're looking down at us saying, I'm good. We're not going to visit them.GALLAGHER: Why would we visit them? They've screwed themselves up enough, Jason Rantz.RANTZ: I have a hard-enough time finding a date, as it is, and while I might be self-loathing, I do not hate myself nearly enough to walk around with that dumb thing on my face. And even if I wanted to say that I've completely given up on life, there are way more stylish ways to do it.GALLAGHER: But I got to tell you, those things, when the dinosaurs are like, wow, they're coming at you, you're thinking, oh, that's kind of cool. Bill?MELUGIN: Couldn't pay me enough money to walk around Los Angeles of all places, with that on your head. Zero situational awareness. Can't see or hear anything around you. You are asking to either get robbed or knocked out by some messed out guy on the sidewalk knowing L.A. Zero chance --GALLAGHER: Amen. Would you wear Apple Goggles in public yes on X, one percent, Instagram six percent.Grammie Dean says, "No, too distracting people are falling off curbs and falling into fountains just looking at their phones."Kathy Potts says, "No, I would end up in a cornfield walking around in Iowa." Build it and they will come.HELF says, "Not a chance. I prefer to be aware of my surroundings, especially in this day and age."Julie Hamill says, "We might as well just strap into our little Matrix pods and call it a day."Thank you all for watching -- oh, and thank you for the "NIGHTCAP." Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher. We'll see you right back here tomorrow night.