SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.And breaking tonight, Hunter Biden has finally agreed to comply with a legally binding House subpoena and, in fact, will appear before Congress on February the 28th for his deposition to testify in his father's impeachment inquiry. House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer has all the details. We have an exclusive interview, coming up straight ahead.But first, the big winner of the Iowa caucuses, Donald J. Trump, he will join us for an exclusive interview in just a moment. Now, the 45th president is looking to build on his historic win in Iowa, with another strong performance in New Hampshire, and, of course, beyond. The ultimate goal, victory in November.America and the world, frankly, they're at a tipping point, even a breaking point. Overseas, our cargo ships and troops are under constant attack, facing a barrage of missiles and suicide drones from Iranian proxies. This American bolt carrier ship was hit by Houthi rebels, terrorists just yesterday. But Joe Biden, he refuses to let our military respond in any real meaningful way.Our spineless commander-in-chief is scared of Iran, and so he cowers in fear. Even Pakistan launched retaliatory air strikes inside of Iran, but not Joe Biden. He seems perfectly content, letting the mullahs pretty much do whatever they want.And back at home, guess what? The country's falling apart, you see it every day. The border, it's a disaster. Inflation through the roof, homelessness, an all-time record high, the economy, a nightmare, 60 percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. We desperately need to get our country back on track.So, now, here with more on his plan to make America great again, the 45th president of the United States, Donald Trump.Mr. President, great to have you back, sir. How are you?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT: Well, thank you very much. That is some list you read off and you can probably double and triple it. It's so bad. I don't think we've ever been in a position like this. It's terrible what's happened to our country in three years.HANNITY: Well, let's start in Iowa, though. The largest margin of victory prior to your 30-point win on Monday was Bob Dole in 1988 with about just under 13 percent victory margin. This is historic in so many ways. How do you analyze this? What happened? Why was this bigger than any other Iowa caucus?TRUMP: Because the Biden administration is so bad and we now have a contrast. You didn't have a contrast so much before, and now, you have a contrast why -- what happened, you know, we get the most votes of any sitting president in history, and then somebody else takes over and they take a look at what we had versus what they have now and the difference is so stark, it's so massive, it's so different. The country is a different place.We were respected all over the world. We got the largest tax cuts ever, the largest regulation cuts ever. We rebuilt our military, Sean, we did everything, even right to try. You know what right to try is. If, you know, you're able to use some of these incredible new drugs that they're making, bio drugs and other drugs and people's lives are being saved, you never could do it. You'd have to go to Asia, you'd have to go to Europe, different places all over the world. Now, you get them here and that was a hard thing.Fifty-eight years, they tried to get that. If you were terminally ill, they didn't want to give you a drug even if they thought it might work because they said, we don't want to hurt the people. I said, no, no, they're terminally ill. We're going to do something. And we got it done, it was not easy either because the drug companies, nobody wanted it, the country didn't want it. They were worried about liability.People now sign a document, there's no liability and they can take these drugs. And, Sean, we're saving thousands thousand and thousands of lives. It's been an amazing miracle.We did so much and you would have never had Ukraine, you would have never had the attack on Israel, none of these things, and you wouldn't have had inflation because I had oil so low.And now, we have the exact opposite. We have a mess. We have the worst president in history.HANNITY: Well, let me ask you this, and I love the state of New Hampshire. I love the people of New Hampshire. I don't like their primary system for one reason. They have what's called an open primary.Already we know that nearly 4,000 Democratic voters have switched affiliation to Republican or undeclared, meaning independent, ahead of the primary, according to the secretary of state's office. And it is believed, for example, one woman who's on -- a co-chair of Nikki Haley's campaign, her own daughter, a Democrat, changed her affiliation from Democrat to Republican to vote for Haley in the primary.But even Governor Sununu, not a friend of yours, told our own Neil Cavuto that it's troubling that many of these people that will switch as Democrats and turn to independents and vote in the Republican primary, that when push comes to shove that they would choose Biden in the end over any Republican.I'm not that fond of that system. Does that concern you? You -- the Real Clear Politics average has you up by 13, the Suffolk poll just out today, I think had you up by 16. It was the CNN poll that had you up by seven.Does that system bother you?TRUMP: It bothers me and the governor should have done something about it instead of talking, waste his time with Nikki because she's not going to make it. She has no chance. She's got no way. MAGA's not going to be with her.And, you know, when you said the Democrats voting -- no, it doesn't say that. It said about Nikki, that 50 percent of the Republicans would be lost to Nikki, only to Nikki, not even to Ron Desanctimonious. So, you know, it's a bad thing for her but it's a bad thing for us.Who has a system where Democrats are allowed to vote in the Republican primary? And New Hampshire is an incredible place. I love the people. We won New Hampshire last time. It was fantastic what we did and, you know, we have great spirit, great everything but you need a system.You need a governor that's going to get it changed, not just talking about it. He's been talking about it for four years, never got it done. So Democrats are allowed to vote, which they're going to vote for her because they don't want to run against me. They want to run against her, you know, it's a very simple system.We are leading Biden in every poll. Michigan just came out. We're leading by 11. Georgia just came out, we're leading by 13 points. We're leading everywhere now and she's not. You know, she has one obsolete poll that she likes, she's about, two months old where she was leading Biden. Well, that -- those days are gone. She's not leading Biden anymore.The problem is the Democrats want her to run desperately, so they have a lot of Democrats signing up in New Hampshire. But I don't think it's going to matter. I saw one where we're at 50 or 51, and she was at 34 I believe. And I think we're going to be in very good shape like we were in -- if you look at Iowa, nobody knew we were going to blow it out like that.You know, we were at -- I think it finishes off close to 53. We've won by 30 somewhat points and nobody thought that was possible. We doubled the all-time record, more than doubled I guess the all time record.I think a similar thing's going to happen here, but here, independents and Democrats are allowed to vote. So in order to try and stop Trump, they go out and they sign up, and they can sign up very easily. And Sununu should have stopped it.HANNITY: Yeah. Let me ask you. I mean you got a lot of praise for your speech, your victory speech in Iowa and people noticed that you were particularly gracious. I noticed in the town hall -- the last town hall we did together, the one you did with Bret and Martha, that you seem to have taken on a more gracious tone, if that's a way to say it.Maybe the question I get asked most often -- I've asked you this question before, you know, why is Donald Trump always fight so hard? Dennis Miller brought this up on the program last night, a little bit of humility with Donald Trump will go a long way. Yes, he's been persecuted, his family has suffered, he's suffered. Yes, it's been unfair but he fights hard. He loves his country and sometimes maybe you shouldn't be as personal.What was your reaction to that?TRUMP: Well, I know it and I know it very well, but we also have to win, Sean. And if I were a different type of person, I think I would have been out of office a long time ago. You wouldn't have even gone through it. They hit me with Russia, Russia, Russia, before the election even. I mean, if you look at it, it was before the 2016 election. It was all set up.And I fired Comey, I did a big job. We got rid of a lot of the deep state, and I will tell you, you know, then we had the COVID come two and a half years later, but nobody ever had a better economy. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country, we had the strongest border in the history of our country, I built over 500 miles of wall. We got Mexico to give us 28,000 free soldiers, free of charge, that -- not that easy to get, by the way, I had to do a lot of maneuvering, including tariffs and other things to get it.But we -- you know, by the way, speaking of tariffs, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars for -- from China and of that, we gave 28 billion to our farmers because they were abused by China. What China did to our farmers was horrible and we did a great job for our country. You know, again, the largest tax cuts in history.The Democrats want to double up and triple up in the -- on the taxes. They want to double your taxes and triple your taxes. I got you the biggest -- bigger than the Reagan tax cuts because you and I were talking about that the other day, and you called up about the Reagan cuts and our cuts. Our cuts were substantially bigger.We got rid of the death tax or the estate tax for farmers and small manufacturers. You know, I mean, what we did was an amazing thing.HANNITY: Those tax cuts --HANNITY: And getting back -- and getting back to your one part of the question, though, we did all of that and we had to fight off all of the witch hunts and the scandal and this -- the horrible self, these people, what they did -- Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, 51 intelligence agent saying that the laptop from hell was created by Russia, not by Hunter Biden, okay? It was Hunter Biden all the way.Lie -- they lied to Congress, they lied to everybody. Two impeachments that went nowhere. They went absolutely nowhere, but -- I mean, if I were a softer individual and I'll tell you something, Ron DeSantis or Nikki or anybody else, if they were in my position, if they were here, they would have been hit just as hard. These people play tough, much tougher than the Republicans play.And the Republicans have to get tougher but Nikki would -- I know Nikki very well. She worked for me for a long time. She would not be able to handle that position. She would not be able to handle the onslaught.With all of that being said, within the Republican Party, I want to bring unity and within the nation, I want to bring unity. And you know, unity is going to come from success because when we had this country prior to COVID, and then even after COVID, but especially prior to COVID, the China virus coming in, we had the most successful country ever in history. There's never been anything like it what we did.And you know, the other side was calling me and they were coming to me. They wanted to talk. It was all coming together. Success will bring everybody under the same tent.HANNITY: You know, I covered all of that. I cannot disagree with you, and frankly, this show, me personally, I've been vindicated because as many networks peddle their lies and conspiracy theories, we day in and day out, we were peeling every layer of the onion. We got the Russia hoax right, as vindicated by the Horowitz report, the Durham report.TRUMP: Yeah.HANNITY: I do want to ask you this. The last time I interviewed you, I asked you if you think that Joe Biden is going to be the Democratic nominee, and you said no. Do you still feel that way? And if you don't think it's him, who do you think is likely to replace him?TRUMP: Look, he can't put two sentences together. He can't find the stairs, off a stage, which there are a lot of them up there, believe me. They're all over the place. He can't find his way off a stage when he makes a very short speech and it has to be short because it can't be long.He can't negotiate -- you -- look at what's happening, the whole world is blowing up. You know, Viktor Orban, the prime minister of Hungary, very tough guy, smart guy, brilliant guy, very respected but tough, they asked him what's going on with the world? He said one thing, very simple, bring back Trump. When Trump was here, everybody was afraid of Trump.Now I don't want to say that because I don't like that word, but he said it. He's probably the toughest leader over there, one of the toughest anywhere, but highly respected and knows he gets it. He said, you bring back Trump, it's all going to disappear. They all respected Trump, and they were afraid of Trump but they all respected Trump.And it's true. Putin would have never attacked Ukraine. I got along with Putin. You know, it's good to get along with people like Putin and like others. You take a look at what's going on with China, they're just licking their chops right now to go into Taiwan, that would never even have -- they wouldn't have even thought about it with me, and I had talks with President Xi. I have a great relationship.If Hillary Clinton would have won, you would have had a nuclear war with North Korea. Kim Jong-un -- I got along with him, too. Nobody ever got to talk to him except me, and I got, not only talk to him, I got along with him great. It's good to get with people that have massive nuclear weapons and they have massive -- they have a large nuclear stockpile.So --HANNITY: Well, you know, but you go back --TRUMP: I did job. I did the job and we made America great again and these people, what they're doing to our country, they're allowing millions and millions of people to pour through just -- it's an invasion into our country. And they're coming from prisons and they're coming from mental institutions, mental institutions and insane asylums and prisons are being emptied all over the world, not just in South America, all over the world, they're being emptied out into our country. We're like a dumping ground.And you know what else is coming in? Terrorists are coming in, and we have to stop it.HANNITY: Mr. President --TRUMP: These next 11 months or 10 months is a very dangerous period.HANNITY: We have been able to count the numbers of people coming from Iran and Syria, thousands from Egypt, thousands from Afghanistan, 12,000 from Russia, 26,000 from China, showing up about our southern border. Nobody's ever going to convince me that they are -- that all of them are coming here for a better life for them and their family, and amongst them are not people that have nefarious intentions.Let -- let me ask you this, usually after four years, the president can ask a question, are you better off than you were four years ago? I don't think Joe Biden can run on that.As a matter of fact, they have pretty much telegraphed what they're going to run on, democracy in peril. Trump is evil, Trump is evil, Trump is evil and dangerous, and you've got to fear him. January 6, January 6, and then the usual playbook, Republicans are racist and sexist and have every phobia known to man, whether it's real or not, and they want dirty air and water.That's all they've got. I don't see any one issue that Joe Biden can run on.What will your answer to their predictable attacks be?HANNITY: Well, that's all they have is right, because their economy has been terrible. The inflation is destroyed. Anybody that made even a little more money, even a lot more money, it more than got eaten alive by inflation. When you look at the price increases of energy, of housing and I mean -- rental housing. I looked the other day, it's up almost 51 percent. The cost of bacon quadrupled, all of these things.I mean, food costs, clothing costs, it's so much, that no matter what you're making, it doesn't matter. You know, inflation is known over the years, over hundreds of years. It's known as a country buster. It breaks countries.It broke Germany. It broke a lot of countries. We've had the worst inflation we've had I think in 78 years. You know, they say 52, it's probably more than 78. It's been a disaster and all in the wrong places.I had no inflation and I had the greatest economy ever. We had gasoline at $1.87. Now, it's four or dollar, but by the way, they're working together with other countries, sadly, because it's artificial, because they're going to give it up right after the election. You've seen that before, but they're working get gasoline prices down, it's an artificial reduction.But the gasoline was up to $6, $7, $8 a gallon, and it's still is very high. It's much too high.But we had the greatest economy in history and what else did we have? No inflation. We had the safest border in the history of our country and we -- it was like a beautiful, a beautiful thing was taking place.We had a border, and I got Mexico to do a lot for us. Now Mexico is saying we $5 billion just to talk. Mexico wouldn't have talked to me that way. We have a great relationship with the president, but Mexico -- they had to pay a lot. You know, they gave us 28,000 soldiers free of charge to guard our border.And when they -- when I first presented that to them, they laughed. They thought I was kidding, but through a series of negotiations, they gave us everything we wanted. Stay in Mexico -- remember remain in Mexico, that was me.Remain in Mexico, nobody can come in. They remain -- you think Mexico was happy about that? They gave it to me.Catch and release in Mexico, I call it catch and release in Mexico. We had catch-and-release in the United States, and Mexico did that. They gave us things that nobody can believe.The State Department couldn't believe it. The Border Patrol people, they couldn't believe it. Nobody could believe it. Nobody could believe it.You know, if you talk to Tom Homan and if you talk to anybody from Border Patrol and they have great people, they have great people, they'll tell you the greatest president in history for the border, for immigration was Trump, not even a contest, and not even a contest.HANNITY: Yeah. Let me ask you about these states that are trying to remove you from the ballot. I mean, it's kind of ironic, isn't it? A party that is making an argument that democracy is in peril couldn't be more undemocratic as they try to remove your name from even running and even having your name on the ticket.Now, I don't think this is going to hold. I have to believe the Supreme Court will intervene. If there's real justice, it should be a unanimous opinion in my view.But what is your reaction? Because you're the person they're trying to kick off the ticket but they're the ones claiming you're not democratic. Pretty ironic.TRUMP: Well, we put on three great justices and you have some other great justices up there, and they're not going to take the vote away from the people. I mean, I'm right now, you saw -- like in the history of the Iowa primary, I mean, the history of it, it's a long -- goes back a long time, I won by the most -- nobody's ever won as you know, because you covered it very well.But everybody covered it. Even the bad reporters have covered it this way. There's nobody even close. I doubled up and more than doubled up the second best, now the second best. It stood for a long time as you know, that record.But they want to make sure -- I'm sure the Supreme Court is going to say we're not going to take the vote away from the people.Now, Biden is a threat to democracy. He's an absolute threat to democracy. He's very dangerous for a couple of reasons. Number one, he's grossly incompetent, which is the number one reason. But he's also actually in his own way -- it's not him, it's the people that surround him. You got some very bad people surrounding him at that desk.You have people running the Department of Justice surrounding him. They're young and they're smart, and they're communists and they're Marxists and they're fascists, and they're running this country. They're running it right into the ground.But I don't think the Supreme Court would do it because you can't take the vote. You know I'm leading in every poll, I'm leading Biden but I'm leading the remaining Republicans, there's two of them and they're barely hanging on.(CROSSTALK)TRUMP: How can you possibly take the vote away?HANNITY: I mean, just in the last two days, two credible polls, Suffolk and St. Anselm will right. Suffolk nailed your number in -- I think they were off by one. They had you at 52, not at 51. They have you up, I think by 16 now. St. Anselm has you up by 14.These are the most recent polls. These are post-Iowa polls.TRUMP: Well, that's -- Sean, that's in New Hampshire. But if you -- if you look at the national polls, in the national --HANNITY: Well, I look those too.TRUMP: -- I mean, in New Hampshire, we're doing great.And take a look at the national polls, I'm up by 65 points. I mean, 65 points --HANNITY: Let me ask you --TRUMP: -- and I'm up by 11, 12, 13 points on the Democrats.HANNITY: I know you have to run to an event and -- by the way, our deepest sympathy to the first lady on the loss of her mom. Please --TRUMP: Thank you.HANNITY: Please convey that to her for us.TRUMP: Well, thank you. She was a great woman, Sean.HANNITY: What is your closing message to the people of New Hampshire?TRUMP: It's very simple, it's make America great again. But I think very important, before we do this, because you were talking about the Supreme Court. They have two votes that are very important coming up. One is as we discuss, we call it Colorado or whatever, but you know -- I really believe they're going to leave the people to vote.Again, you're the leading candidate in both parties, you're leading the Democrats by many, many points -- I mean, it's hard to imagine they would do. And most states have already approved it, as you know. Very few states have done that. This is Colorado and a couple of others at this moment.But they have another important and that's immunity for the president. The president of the United States and I'm not talking about myself I'm talking about any president, has to have immunity, because if you take immunity away from the president, so important, you will have -- you will have a president that's not going to be able to do anything, because when he leaves office, the opposing party president, if it's the opposing party, will indict the president for doing something that should have been good.Like Obama dropped missiles and they ended up hitting a kindergarten or school or the apartment house, a lot of people were killed. Well, if that's the case, he's going to end up being indicted when he leaves office. He meant well, the missile went in the wrong direction, and other things.Look at Biden, what would happen to Biden? He's killed our country with his policies. The border is a disaster. Everything he does is a disaster. What he did in Afghanistan is the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, giving them $85 billion worth of equipment, killing our soldiers, wounding horribly our soldiers and leaving people behind.Well, when he leaves office, if he doesn't have immunity -- now, I think it's horrible what he did, but he probably -- I don't know, it's hard to believe but he probably meant well. It's hard to believe that he meant well, but the man is incompetent. But you have to leave -- you have to leave immunity with a president.If a president is afraid to act because they're worried about being indicted when they leave office, a president of the United States has to have immunity. And the Supreme Court's going to be ruling of that. If they don't have immunity no president is going to act. You're going to have guys that just sit in office and afraid to do anything.HANNITY: By the way, it is ironic. It took you a long time. You were once critical of me for pointing out Joe's cognitive deficiencies. I think it's very transparent now for the world to see. I was more right than I thought I was.We're looking forward. We'll see you in New Hampshire on Tuesday. We really appreciate your time. Thank you, Mr. President, for with us. We appreciate it.TRUMP: Yeah. Sean, one thing, I wasn't critical of you. I was critical of you joking about it. I wasn't critical of you.HANNITY: That's true, in fairness.TRUMP: I didn't you should be joking about it.HANNITY: I did -- you know what? You were right at the time.TRUMP: I just want to give you a little correction, but that's okay.HANNITY: I actually -- I took it to heart, I mean that.All right. Thank you, Mr. President. Appreciate your time.TRUMP: I know that, I know that. Thank you very much. Thank you.HANNITY: And coming up, a date has been set. Hunter Biden will finally appear before the House to testify in his father's impeachment inquiry.And meanwhile, Hunter Biden sugar brother Kevin Morris was back on Capitol Hill today. He gave his own testimony. House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer will join us. He'll give us all the details exclusively, right here tonight on HANNITY.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: We do have a FOX News alert. Hunter Biden has agreed to sit for a deposition in the Biden impeachment inquiry. The date, February 28th, finally complying with the House subpoena.And meanwhile, it was a very important day on Capitol Hill today. Hunter Biden's sugar brother, the Hollywood entertainment attorney Kevin Morris was interviewed by House investigators as part of Biden's ongoing impeachment inquiry. Well, maybe now, we'll know more about why Kevin Morris has been so financially generous to the Biden family, especially Hunter. According to Democrats, Morris was just being friendly. After all, what's a couple of million dollars between friends? Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): And he befriended Hunter Biden, he felt an immediate affinity with him as, you know, a fellow Irish Catholic from Pennsylvania-Delaware part of the country, with several brothers and they became really close friends. But now, it seems to be about whether or not a friend can loan a friend a lot of money, which is a lot of money for normal people like us, but for him, it was not a lot of money. He testified it was less than 5 percent of his assets he would say off the top of his head, and he makes those kinds of loans all the time and he seems like a very generous and loving friend.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And here with more is the House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer.All right. A lot of breaking news tonight. Was a new subpoena issued or did they just agree to comply with the old one?REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): We issued a new subpoena because we wanted to make sure everything was done right. The old subpoena had an old date, so we make sure every I's dotted and T's crossed. And because we've done this investigation the right way, we're getting everything we wanted. We wanted Hunter Biden to come in, and answer questions.We have a lot of questions and now, he's going to have to come in and sit down and answer specific questions about specific transactions, specific meetings. He's going to have to answer to interviews that we've conducted with some of his former associates and we're going to see what level of involvement Joe Biden had in these Biden family schemes.HANNITY: Well, let's talk about it. What do you think the odds are that he's going to want to plead the Fifth and his attorney Abbe Lowell is not going to let him say a word? That's a possibility, correct?COMER: It is a possibility but look -- they've been saying -- they've been doing all these publicity stunt, saying they wanted to get the truth out, they wanted to speak publicly. Well, all right, you're going to come in for this deposition, you're going to have an opportunity to answer questions.Hunter Biden's going to have an opportunity to defend his good name, and if he pleads the Fifth and refuses to answer the questions, I think the American people can assume that this family has been on -- on the tank for a long time, from our enemies around the world. So we're going to give Hunter Biden due process. He's going to come in, but I think at the end of the day, this is a huge victory for the House Oversight Committee. This is exactly what we wanted and Hunter Biden learned that when you do things the right way, that you don't get to make your own rules.We're treating him like -- go ahead, Sean.HANNITY: You're treating him like you like everybody else, I got it.All right. So, it's going to be interesting. I don't know how you explain away a phone call just five days before his father goes to Ukraine when he's in Dubai meeting with Burisma executives.Burisma executives on the phone with Hunter and Joe Biden, and that's when Joe Biden later bragged about leveraging a billion taxpayer dollars to get a prosecutor fired because that was their big problem, and they needed D.C. help. The prosecutor's fired and Hunter who admitted he had no experience in energy, oil, gas, Ukraine getting paid millions at a time when he's addicted to drugs on top of it.So, that answer I would look forward to hearing. I'd like an answer on that. Wouldn't you?COMER: Yeah, and he's going to be asked that question. He's going to be ask a lot of questions about China and Romania, what exactly did you do to receive the millions of millions of dollars that our enemies around the world sent you. What was the purpose for that money? And if they going to - - you know, if they're going to continue to play the loan card, are you going to pay the money back?When you -- you we heard from Kevin Morris today, Hunter Biden doesn't have a job, he doesn't have any assets. He owes Kevin Morris at least $5 million if not more, we learned that today, and according to what he told the bank, he owes China over $5 million.The loan total with Hunter Biden and Jim Biden now as I calculated is $15 million. We don't believe they're going to pay any of this back. I mean, these are serious ethical issues and tax evasion issues that the Biden are going to have to answer to.HANNITY: Well, I mean, I was listening to Jamie Raskin -- and let's be honest. I mean, he's really just a political hack. But the idea -- well, this was just a small percentage of his net worth, $5 million and -- but wasn't it given at a very critical time leading into the 2020 election, this could have been a big campaign issue if in fact Hunter in -- had not paid his taxes, wasn't that money -- the original money used to pay back taxes?COMER: Yes, it was, and I think that's very important. We had an email today, courtesy of the IRS whistleblowers, that showed that that Kevin Morris sent an email to the accounting firm saying we've got a huge political problem here. This is in 2020, during the presidential campaign, Joe Biden versus Donald Trump. We've got a huge political problem here and the political problem was that Hunter Biden hadn't paid his taxes and the IRS was fixing to cart him off, and that would have been very damaging to Joe Biden's presidency.We believe that was a campaign finance violation. We believe that that -- the purpose of that -- of that money was to save Joe Biden's political career. And, look, Kevin Morris just met Hunter Biden. And five weeks later, he's paying his IRS tax bills. That's about the time of -- from the time Kevin Morris met Hunter Biden to the time when he paid the first installment to the IRS for what Hunter Biden owes.That doesn't seem normal, and for Jamie Raskin to try to explain that that's okay, I think is a bit of a stretch even for Jamie Raskin.HANNITY: And I guess he was a fan of Hunter's art because didn't he purchase some of the art? Did you talk about that? Did you ever talk about the fact that Hunter as far as we know doesn't have a job, any source of income? Had I -- if you give that much money, my understanding is you're only allowed to give somebody I believe $15,000. After that, it's taxable.COMER: Right.HANNITY: So, if it's a loan, doesn't it have to be on paper? Is there a paper trail? Is there interest payments that have to be made as well? Is there a payment schedule, repayment schedule?COMER: He said he had all that, but because he was also Hunter's attorney, he couldn't disclose that. So here's a guy saying he's his attorney and he's loaning him all this money, and in California, I don't believe you're allowed as an attorney to loan your client money. Lots of ethical questions here, lots of tax evasion questions.HANNITY: Whoops-a-daisy!(CROSSTALK)COMER: Yeah, yeah.HANNITY: Yeah.All right. Big breaking news, February 28th, Hunter Biden goes in. Well done, James Comer, House Oversight Committee, thank you, sir.Up next, we are only days away from the New Hampshire primary. New polls showing a very strong lead for Donald Trump. We'll explain. We'll check in with Tomi Lahren, Mark Penn right after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So we are just five days away from the all-important New Hampshire primary. Donald Trump now has a 13-point lead over Nikki Haley in the Real Clear Politics average. Now, remember, New Hampshire is an open primary state. In other words independents and Democrats that register as independents, they can actually -- well, I would use the word sabotage, others may say participate in the Republican primary. About 4,000 have switched affiliations as of now.But among actual Republicans, Donald Trump is running away with it. One poll shows three out of four Republicans in New Hampshire would be happy with Trump as their nominee.Here with reaction, Outkick host Tomi Lahren, Democratic pollster Mark Penn.Okay, you look at these latest polls. So Real Clear Politics average, Trump plus 13, just out yesterday, in the last 24 hours, St. Anselm poll, Trump plus 14. Yesterday, Suffolk/"Boston Globe" poll, Trump plus 14. WHDH/Emerson, Trump plus 16. Fake news CNN, Trump plus 7.Tomi, your analysis, I don't like the open primary part of this. I don't like that we know, according to the secretary of state, I believe that 4,000 Democrats have switched to independent because they would like to play a little bit of shenanigans in my humble opinion, I'll ask Mark about it in a second with the -- with the primary there. But you know, looks good for Trump but it is a little bit awkward when you have independents and Democrats switching to independent to kind of sabotage the Republican primary.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Right. Well, the Nikki Haley camp is going to say that you need to win independents to win the general election and she's not wrong, but when it comes to New Hampshire, you're exactly right. I think there's a lot of sabotage that's going on.I think it's time for us to look towards the general election and understand that Donald Trump, unless something catastrophic happens, Donald Trump is going to be our nominee. So it's time to shift focus and start winning the hearts and minds. And Donald Trump has to do this as well. He has to win the hearts and minds of the Democrats and the independents.I like the way that he's been talking for the last couple of days. It feels like he's very mission-focused. So the Haley campaign, the DeSantis campaign, good forum for getting out there and having a lot of energy, but I think at least in the case of Ron DeSantis, it's time to start looking towards 2028, and it's time to start looking towards Donald Trump as our nominee, onward, upward. We cannot afford to lose in 2024.HANNITY: Mark Penn, I know as a Democrat, I know you would never ever think that that some of these Democrats that are switching to independent are doing it, they're just doing it at of a civic duty or are they really trying to influence the Republican outcome in the primary?MARK PENN, POLLSTER: Oh, I think they're actually trying to influence the outcome. I just don't know if they're voting for Nikki Haley or Donald Trump. And so, I don't know which way this is going to go.But look, it's a tradition. There's no contest on the Democratic side. That's been scuttled, so those voters have nowhere to go. But, Sean, there are 23 states that have independent voters vote in the Republican primary. That's why the most conservative candidate that wins Iowa hasn't always won the Republican nomination.So let's see what happens. Maybe this is over, but I'm not so sure.HANNITY: You know, none of us can be sure. You don't know until the votes are counted. But if you -- if you start looking ahead, we'll go to Nevada, we'll go to South Carolina, we'll head into Super Tuesday.Just looking at the early polls in those states, Mark, wouldn't you agree, Trump has a pretty commanding lead at this point, in almost all of them. What's your reaction? You're a pollster. Would you anticipate those numbers shift that dramatically?PENN: Look, Trump has a very strong lead. He did very well in Iowa. He is doing incredibly well in the national polls, mine included, in terms of what Republicans want as a nominee. But as you know, this primary process can be upset. If New Hampshire goes another way, there's a horse race. If it goes as expected, and he wins by 15 or more points, probably it's over.HANNITY: If he wins by three points and then can win South Carolina, I think it at that point is going to be very difficult to challenge him.Tomi, I always love asking you, will Joe Biden be on the ticket?LAHREN: Oh, as a Republican, I hope so but no, again, I'm going to hold on to that. I think it's going to be Gavin Newsom. I'm not changing my mind on that, Sean.HANNITY: I would say Whitmer probably over Gavin, I don't know why. But I don't think it's going to be VP Harris.Will Joe Biden be on the ticket, Mark? Real quick.PENN: Absolutely. He's staying.HANNITY: All right. I'm holding you to that. I want him to stay right where he is.Anyway, thank you both.All right. Coming up, you're not going to believe why one Democratic lawmaker is now proposing a bill to remove the Statute of Liberty. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton reacts to that, what's happening to our country, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: So the crisis at our southern border is growing worse by the day. But Democrats, they can't seem to admit that it's their policies that are to blame. In response to Republican efforts to secure the border -- well, Democratic Congressman Maxwell Frost actually proposed the bill to actually remove the Statute of Liberty. Really? You can't make that up.And earlier today, Angel Moms, they did appear on Capitol Hill and delivered a very emotional testimony at the impeachment inquiry hearing for DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas who by the way wouldn't go and testify with the Angel Moms. Pretty pathetic.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANGEL MOTHER: I flew from Arizona to meet him and face him and ask him why, and he's not here today. I did not know that until after I landed yesterday.REP. MIKE MCCAUL (R-TX): And he doesn't have the decency to even show up.ANGEL MOTHER: No, that is correct.ANGEL MOTHER: I would ask him, how did you allow a known gang member to be allowed in this country? How can anyone be okay with a known gang member to come into this country and to end up in Maryland? And I also wanted to know what else DHS and DHHS is hiding., I found -- I was told that her murderous file is so thick that Jim Jordan only had two hours to even look at the file. What else are they hiding about this murderer? I want to know.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And again, while these brave women step forward to tell their heartbreaking stories, yeah, Secretary Mayorkas, nowhere to be found, didn't have the decency or the courage to show up and meet them face to face.Here with reaction, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is back with us.Mr. Attorney General, great to have you back. Let me ask you between the drugs, opioids, fentanyl, human trafficking -- hearing these moms, about 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants coming from Syria, Iran, Egypt, Afghanistan, China and Russia? Really?And he doesn't -- he doesn't enforce the law. How does he get away with not upholding his oath to our constitution?KEN PAXTON, TEXAS ATTORNEY GENERAL: Look, we've got an election coming up. I think the American people are getting this, after three and a half years of complete dismantling of our immigration laws, from not building a wall, to not enforcing Title 42, to not enforcing the "remain in Mexico", to allowing catch and release.And as you know, drugs are being imported at the highest rate ever. We're losing our children and crime is on the increase, and it's tremendously costly to states like mine and to be honest, the entire country is beginning to feel the effects of the Biden immigration policies, which are basically non-existent.HANNITY: These families, one family is now suing for $100 million, putting the blame on the Biden administration. I -- it -- now, it's very hard as you know. You're the attorney general. It's very hard to sue the federal government. Does this have any chance of being successful? I hope it does.PAXTON: It's pretty challenging. They basically -- typically government has to agree to be sued. So I mean, it highlights the real problem here because he's costing American lives and he's costing this country dearly. And as we know, we also have more terrorists coming into this country than we probably ever had, and at some point, we're going to have some impact from that, and it's then the blood of American citizens is going to be on the president of the United States, Joe Biden.HANNITY: Is -- I would argue, blood are on their hands already. We heard some of the testimony today, but I have zero doubt and I pray to god I'm wrong, zero doubt that there are terrorist cells that have crossed that order with other people that maybe just want a better life for themselves and their family. Do you have any doubt? Because I have zero doubt.PAXTON: There's no doubt, Sean. We already know just from apprehensions, just the people that they've been able to catch who are sneaking across the border that we have a higher percentage than we've ever had and the numbers are way up. So there's no doubt that because the border is so wide open that we're going to have more terrorists here than we likely ever had before, and this is a policy that has been encouraged by Biden administration.HANNITY: All right. Ken Paxton, and as always, thank you for being with us. We appreciate your time.More HANNITY coming up, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Thank you for making this show possible. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever miss an episode of HANNITY.Anyway, in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by, he will put a smile on your face. Have a great night. We'll see you tomorrow.