NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Love the diners and a lot of -- you know, a lot of people differences and arguments back and forth and all. I think a diner is a great unity place and people will get over their differences and enjoy a good breakfast if I'm not stealing it from which I plan to do when I'm in New Hampshire on Saturday. Here's THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Sandra Smith, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The battle for New Hampshire begins after Donald Trump dominates in Iowa. 31 minutes is all the time it took for the former president to be declared the winner of the Iowa caucuses, Trump breaking several records and carrying 98 out of the state's 99 counties in a landslide victory.The former president says it's time for the party to unite and take on President Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: So I don't want to be overly rough on the president. But I have to say that he is the worst president that we've had in the history of our country.And I really think this is time now for everybody, our country to come together. I want to congratulate Ron and Nikki for having a good -- a good time together. We're all having a good time together.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But the runners-up aren't finished yet. Ron DeSantis and Nikki Haley brushing off their losses and trying to argue that the race isn't over.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): Because of your support, in spite of all of that that they threw at us, everyone against us. We've got our ticket punched out of Iowa.NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I can safely say, tonight, I will make this Republican primary a two-person race.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But not everybody's going to New Hampshire, Vivek Ramaswamy dropping out and endorsing Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We are going to suspend this presidential campaign. And this is going to have to be there is no path for me to be the next president.As I've said since the beginning, there are two America first candidates in this race. And earlier tonight, I called Donald Trump to tell him that I congratulate him on his victory. And now going forward, he will have my full endorsement for the presidency.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, Judge Jeanine Pirro, you watched all last night, even sit up till midnight to see Harold Ford Jr.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes, I did. You know I don't see enough of him here.OK. First of all, I thought it was huge. Everybody knows it was historic 98 out of 99 counties and the 99th county lost by one vote.But look, it was a landslide. And so the question is, what happens now? I mean, is this it now? I really think it's amazing that Nikki Haley comes out. She's third. And she says it's now a two party race. And I'm only going to debate Donald Trump or Biden.News for Nikki, Biden isn't debating anybody, that's number one.And number two, with Ron DeSantis talking about how great it was. The truth is he doesn't have a path forward. Because he's not -- he's not skipping New Hampshire. But he's going right to South Carolina. He's not spending a lot of time in New Hampshire. And it makes sense because the truth is in New Hampshire, he's at about six percent.So, here's the question, at the next stage in New Hampshire, if Nikki Haley is at 29, and she gets Chris Christie's votes, that brings her to 14 percent, Trump's at 43. He gets Ramaswamy's vote, that brings him to 50 percent.And DeSantis is at 6.5. So, Trump wins. But you know what, for people who don't think -- who think it's too early to call, the truth is that Donald Trump got more votes than the three of them combined Nikki and Ramaswamy and Ron DeSantis.And the truth is, people in Iowa support his agenda. They felt that he's the kind of guy who works for them and fights for people like them. And the amazing thing, too, is that he got a bigger percentage of college graduates than they did. He got a bigger percentage of suburban urban, he got it across the board, and the people in Iowa, that is not exactly a mortar state, or like immigration is the biggest issue.So, this is a resounding win for Trump, not just for what happened in Iowa. But as you look forward, you say to yourself, those other guys don't have a chance.WATTERS: Let's look forward. I mean, how long will it take for people to just kind of realize what's going on? Harold Ford, Jr.?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be back around this table. Iowa last night, I'd say a couple things. I think the judge is right, you can't underestimate this victory last night for former President Trump.Two things, one, he had an organization on the ground unlike he had seven, eight years ago, when he didn't win in Iowa. This year, he had an organization. They campaigned. He didn't spend as much time as the other two candidates. But he had some benefits and advantages they did not have.Two, his speech after winning, I thought was remarkable for him. It demonstrated, I think, Judge, your instinct which and I others in the party, Republican or who far be it for me to try to give advice to Republicans. But as someone who loves the serious business of politics and watching politicians try to perform or perform at their best, I thought him talking in a cordial, collegial, and conciliatory way to his opponents, particularly after he had won a majority of the vote.Now, that was a clear sign that he understands what it means to be a presidential candidate, and what it's going to mean to bring the party together and perhaps even bring independence his weight.Three, DeSantis and Haley, I was surprised. DeSantis had no magnanimous nature to his speech. He basically acted as if he had won last night and gave us a history lesson and from the Revolutionary War to the Civil War, which I found interesting, because I like those kinds of things.But I don't know what necessarily had to do with last night, I thought he should have been more magnanimous and congrat -- he never congratulated President Trump, nor he congratulated Ms. Haley, nor did he thanked volunteer. Trump went on to thank every volunteer, in fact, he brought a guy on stage, he was dressed as a wall in the front row to say thank you to him. And I think there was another state senator who had supported him very early in the campaign.I think the only thing that you were -- if you're in the Haley campaign and DeSantis campaign, you may say, you might like me saying this, but I think if you were in that campaign, you say, look, do you want to -- to stay around at least another week or two? The two reasons.One, if you're Haley, are you a candidate to be V.P.? And if you win New Hampshire, do you make a stronger case for yourself?And then two, if something by some strange chance happens to President Trump, and he can't be the nominee, for whatever reason, do you hang around a little bit.But I think if you just suspend your campaign, I think you give -- you leave open the opportunity to be able unsuspend it, to be able to get back in the race.But without question, this was a tremendous night for former President Trump.WATTERS: Well, Vivek, Sandra, suspended and he's going to be joining Donald Trump at a rally this evening in New Hampshire. Also, we'll be on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME". What kind of impact do you think Vivek and his endorsement will have?SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I think that's obviously throwing a support to Donald Trump. And he already had a very strong night, he's expected to have another strong showing in New Hampshire.I think you have to look at those voters in Iowa that said that they're looking for substantial change. 89 percent want at least substantial change in how this country is run. I mean, Vivek ran on that, obviously, he was reaching out to those voters, didn't quite reach enough of them.But they don't like the way the country is going, the direction it is in. They don't like their finances. But don't underestimate and I think we could -- there's a big takeaway from last night, the impact that the immigration border chaos is having on the mind of the American voter right now. They don't like what they see happening in their cities, in their towns. They don't like the lawlessness that they're seeing at the border.For that the rate above the economy, and the most pressing issues facing the country today, that is pretty remarkable.I mean, you can start to lump those two together, right? The immigration, chaos and the economy. People see the economic impact that's having on their neighborhoods, their towns, their businesses, all of it sort of coming together.I mean, there were so many remarkable data points in favor of Donald Trump. I mean, when you even look at foreign policy, which was number three on the list of concerns facing the country for the voter on the ground in Iowa's foreign policy, Nikki Haley should ran with that. Donald Trump swept that as well.I mean, Nikki Haley came in a close second, but he was winning every single one of these categories. So he had an incredibly strong showing, and even in the urban and suburban communities, we know he's strong in the rural areas. But he won the largest share of voters who said they lived in the urban and suburban communities.So, he reached just about everybody. All those Iowa voters who are looking for change and change in leadership.And you know, you got to -- you got to give him credit. DeSantis he was on the ground. He tried to reach those voters. Harold, I think to your point, when we were all listening to that speech, he was so happy to be number two.FORD JR.: Yes. Well, you know what that means? It means with first to lose, so I mean, but still, (INAUDIBLE) you thank you. You thank people, right? It's my only point. I thought he should just thanked --PIRRO: I agree with that, I do.WATTERS: All right, GG.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, you know -- you know, when do you ever think about, you know, when somebody might ask you to go see the "Titanic", you know, but you know how it's going to end. But you go, you sit down, you pretend you don't know how it's going end and you act like you're really surprised, I feel like that's what this is.We knew how this was going to end, we knew that it was going to be a blowout, you know, but we still had to pretend that there was this anxious anticipation. And then we have the caucus and what happens, we call it in 30 minutes. That's like going to see the "Titanic". OK, I'll sit down. I'm committed to this. And then the movie breaks in 30 minutes, because you already know the ending. You already know the ending. So why watch the rest of it?Well, that's the case. Let's call the whole thing early. If you're right, and I believe you are, there's no path forward for these other candidates. So why don't the Republicans do what the Dems are doing and play for the general election, right?You know, just because Trump blew everybody out in Iowa doesn't mean that's going to happen November, you have to start thinking about that. The Dems are pulling out every weapon to stop orange Hitler.And I want to make sure that the other side is also doing the same regarding Joe's atrocious record. And I can sometimes wonder that all of this money that is being spent, $300 million, you know, like, for what? For frozen night in Iowa that we knew was going to end this way.And we're also surprised, but we spent 300 million on candidate karaoke, when in fact, you know, you should actually be focusing on the big picture, like how are you going to do this after four years of Hitleritis (PH) where, you know, they basically demeaned half the population.This is why Vivek is important because he could be a tremendous asset for Trump, because Trump may not have the patience to articulate why people with TDS should listen, right? He's, you know, Vivek is like -- he has Ben Shapiro's brain, Victor Davis Hanson's wisdom and my looks, and you saw how -- you saw how Vivek handles reporters and protesters, him with Trump could be like Starsky and Hutch, or Crockett or Tubbs or Laverne and Shirley, Sid and Nancy, I'm running out.But if you turned Vivek loose on TDS, he would be the best spokesman for the message to people that are still uncomfortable with Trump. You know, the beliefs are the same, Make America Great, that meritocracy is necessary, America first, focus on citizens and not foreign wars, the border law and order. I think that's the -- that's the message.FORD JR.: Sanford and Son.WATTERS: How could you forget? I was thinking the Vivek press secretary.GUTFELD: Now I think right now he needs -- he needs somebody out there to - - because like, you're going to have -- you're going to have to melt a lot of this TDS.WATTERS: OK. Well, I think Vivek can do it. And then we'll make him press secretary. It's already happening. He doesn't even know it yet.Ahead, the liberal media censors Donald Trump's victory speech.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: The liberal media is not too happy about Donald Trump's big night in Iowa, major outlets like MSNBC and CNN flat-out refusing to air the former president's victory speech after his historic win.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I can't imagine why they think that's a good thing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump declaring victory with a historically strong showing in the Iowa caucuses.RACHEL MADDOW, HOST, MSNBC: The projected winner of the Iowa caucuses has just started giving his victory speech. Of course, there is a reason that we and other news organizations have generally stopped giving an unfiltered live platform to remarks by former President Trump. It is not out of spite, it is not a decision that we relish.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: And when they were not censoring him, pundits had some very strong words for the voters who supported him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, HOST, MSNBC: These are white Christians, that this is a state that is over represented -- over represented by white Christians.JOY BEHAR, HOST, ABC NEWS: They voted for a guy who said come, risk your lives for the grand wizard. Come in the snow and the sleet because I am more important than your life.ALEX WAGNER, HOST, MSNBC: The Trump has in some ways become religion for a certain section of the American electorate. And especially for evangelicals, that it's not about the virtue anymore. It's about the vise that Trump expresses.SUNNY HOSTIN, HOST, ABC NEWS: So I think we're all sitting here disgusted that they would vote for someone like this.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: And how's this for spin? Democrats trying to make the case that the biggest victory in Iowa caucus history is somehow a bad thing for the former president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: First of all, 50-50 for an incumbent really sucks. This is not good for Donald Trump. I don't care how they spin it.JEN PSAKI, HOST, MSNBC: 49 percent is not great for him actually in a -- in a electorate in a lot of these future state.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Half the people in that party didn't vote for Donald Trump. So, I think that is telling, it tells you the weakness of Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump swept Iowa. But no, he did not. He swept five percent of the population, only 13 percent of registered Republicans in the state of Iowa. 13 percent of the party showed up. These are small numbers. And it's very important to remember that.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: Judge saying that you had so many clear off-camera reactions to what we just heard, jump in there. I mean --PIRRO: I am so tired of these people being so disgusted, because 73 million people voted for Donald Trump. They are disgusted. That's the word they use that we exercise our right to vote.I am disgusted that someone is angry that white evangelical Christians voted for Donald Trump. These are people who work hard, who have the right to vote, who have the right to vote for whomever they want to win. Who the hell are you to be disgusted by them? You know, I'm tired of the censorship. I'm tired of Rachel Maddow saying, you know, the projected winner, we're not going to -- we're not going to air what he has to say, she can't even say his name.And then you've got Tapper saying, we've got an anti-immigrant, you know, person running for president. The truth is we've got 2.5 million illegals, you can call them migrants all you want, they're illegal aliens, half a million are ones who were the unaccounted for, and then another half a million that were got away. So, we've got 3.5 million, and we should just be happy about it.And finally, Larry O'Donnell saying, the only reason Haley didn't win is because she's not a warmonger. Excuse me. She was on the board to Boeing.And you know, these people are so hateful. And yet the United States Supreme Court is about to rule on the Biden administration. And the fact that this case, I think it's a Murthy against the state of Missouri, because they literally are censoring us and suppressing the free speech.And they say Trump is Hitler? The Supreme Court is now going to decide whether or not they were involved, not just in the suppression of the 2020 election in that laptop, which we know based upon people who voted, they would have changed their vote, which would have allowed Trump to win. But it was a coordinated campaign by the Democrats, by the White House, by federal officials to impact social media, whether it's Facebook, YouTube or X, to make sure that we are censored, that our private speech is censored.SMITH: I mean, Harold, is it a problem that I mean, this was an historic win for the former president in Iowa last night, that if you're one of the voters in Iowa who supported him in the caucuses, that you couldn't even tune into those other networks to watch his victory speech.FORD JR.: So, I think it was a mistake not to do that. I don't like censoring. Fox when President Biden speaks rightly so as the president of the United States, you listen to the president, you have the leading candidate on the other side, the first in the nation's voting happens, I don't get that.One -- two, I think people some of the voices that we heard, some of them I know some, some of the people I know, some I don't know. They're just wrong. This is amateur politics you're practicing if you believe that you begin to dissect how many people voted, how many Republicans voted.I think Donald Trump is likely to be the nominee for the Republican Party. You're not going to beat him by saying that people who support him are bad people, or they're not good people. And you're not going to beat him by not putting him on television, you got to have a better message.And you got to understand something, Sandra, you said at the outset in your remarks, and I think Greg did as well. And we tried to say a little bit last night. These are everyday issues that people are concerned about in this race, our politics is broken. So as a result, our border's broken. Our government is broken from the standpoint of being able to do the basic things that people want them to do, our schools, our neighborhoods, our workplaces, even our places of worship, which by definition means rural and urban Americans alike. Their lives are a bit in disrepair.And what Donald Trump is doing, he's speaking to that. And the way you beat that is not censoring, not talking about it, not criticizing his supporters. But we need a better message. And I think we could develop one but this is not the way to do it.SMITH: Jesse?WATTERS: Remember the 80s when the hip hop album came out, and they put that warning, explicit material parental advisory on it? It made me want to buy it, and that's what they're doing at CNN and MSNBC. It just makes you want to watch what you're not allowed to. We're big boys. We're big girls. We don't need parental control features on a news channel.And what kind of business model is a news channel where they don't take live news? That's not very smart.Jake Tapper cuts the guy off when he starts mentioning immigration, the number one policy issue in Iowa. When you vote for a guy any wins and then he speaks afterwards to the voters, that's like the connective tissue in democracy. You can't save democracy by censoring democracy.And then Maddow is coming out and acting like she's trying to protect the network from lawsuits to justify the censorship because oh someone might say something that's not true. She's like the lead hoaxer, she did the Russia hoax, the laptop, the letter, the lab leak cover up, all of it.And then Joy, it's overrepresented by white Christian, so what? This is a majority white country, majority Christian country overrepresented compared to the rest of the country. OK, well, South Carolina is overrepresented by black Christians, New York's overrepresented by atheists and Jews. California is overrepresented by Hispanics.Joy, read the history, these politicians have to go around to all of these diverse geographical areas and try to get a very broad coalition together, demographically, religiously broad. That's how politics works.Now the other guy, Trump had a bad night? Biden rigged his own primary. Biden kicked JFK Jr. out of the party and then canceled New Hampshire. This is not -- this is a good night for Donald Trump.GUTFELD: Can we -- can we put Joy Reid back up there? You know, I was looking at Joy Reid and I'm thinking you know, my brother-in-law, when we used to go to 49ers games, he used to be a 49ers' fan. He used to paint his face, you know, gold and silver.And you can tell that Joy Reid is totally in Trump's camp because he's wearing his hair. And I think that's a sign she knew he was going to win. She wanted to be on the winning side. Look at that. That's Trump's hair.WATTERS: And Clay Travis's blazer.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Look, you know, the thing that what's always interesting is how little self-examination these people do. They're like -- they're like etch a sketch, right? They write all these things in their little brain and create this hysteria, predict things that will never happen. Then they shake their head and it's all gone. And then they start over again.Both sides left and right traffic in apocalyptic pronouncements, in some cases, demonization. But there's a key difference here. The liberal media's argument is all prediction, right?The right media is usually based on evidence, right? We have the crime wave, the border, the attack on science, targeting the parents, the military, white supremacy hoax, domestic terrorism, the suppression of speech. These are things that you don't have to predict they're right there.So the media will say, and all they can say is Trump will do X, Trump will do Y, but all you got to do is go like yet but look at the border crisis. Look at the fact that you removed punishment from criminals. Look at -- you know, look at how you lied about climate to push a destructive agenda. Those are predictions. Those are facts.SMITH: Very good discussion.GUTFELD: It is.SMITH: Coming up. Greg, thank you.GUTFELD: You're welcome.SMITH: Ahead, President Biden taking swings at the MAGA movement after Trump dominated Iowa.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: President Biden revealing to Americans just how empty his 2024 campaign will be. The big guy doesn't have any new ideas, instead he's doubling down on demonizing half the country after Trump's blowout win in Iowa, saying, "This election was always going to be me and you against extreme MAGA Republicans. It was true yesterday and it'll be true tomorrow."Not to be outdone, V.P. Kamala Harris has her own delusional take on Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, let me just tell you this. No matter who the Republican nominee is, we're winning. We're winning.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you -- you've seen the numbers. You know, a lot -- do you think Donald Trump at this point is a foregone conclusion?HARRIS: I don't know. But look, if it is Donald Trump, we beat him before, and we'll beat him again.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Where did she get that confidence, Sandra? He's at 33. I think she's less.SMITH: Well, and insulting the MAGA movement considering six in 10 caucusgoers considered themselves in our Fox News voter analysis supporters of the Make America Great Again Movement. 74 back Trump -- 74 percent back Trump. It's bold. Where does she get the confidence? I don't -- I don't know, She makes it up maybe. I don't know.It's an interesting strategy. It's -- if you don't have the -- if you don't have the policy issues to tout, this is the -- this is the route you take. And I think that's fair to say a lot of what we're going to see heading into November.PIRRO: Yes. And Greg, isn't it true that it's all about division creating a them versus us?GUTFELD: Yes, that's the game plan. You are the devil. You will be demonized. And I think the other side needs to prepare for that and kind of like step out of that and go this is what they're going to do and ask how did that work for America, right? When you demonize half the country -- we're not going to play that game. We're not going to do that. We actually want their votes. You're going to write them off, we want their votes.So, I think you really do have to kind of stretch your hand out to the people that are undecided and say look at the deeds, not the words. Were there any wars under Trump? No. Was there a border under Trump? Yes. How much did eggs and unleaded cost under Trump? Who decriminalized crime? Was it Trump or was it under Biden?So, I think you know -- I think that you're going to be targeted. And we get -- our show gets targeted everybody gets targeted because we are witnesses to these crimes. And you have to go after the witnesses and scare them to shut them up.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, David Axelrod says that Biden needs different messaging other than Trump is a threat to democracy. What should their messaging be?WATTERS: Well, you can't message policy because it's been a disaster. And I'm not a Democrat so I'm not going to pretend like I care. I like that eggs and unleaded, that's a good name for a band. So, if Biden's calling Trump extreme, I'd jiujitsu that right on them and I'd say you're backing CRT and sex changes for kids in grade school. You broke the bank, the border, and women's sports. I mean, your family is a freak show. You have solar-powered leaf blowers and putting windmills on beaches. You're extreme.It worries me because they have a lot of money and Republicans are splintering the money three ways in the primary and Trump spending $100 million on lawyers. Meanwhile, the media is like an in-kind contribution to the Democrats because they have a 24/7 attack situation. I just have never seen such an unpredictable election because you have the oldest, most unpopular sitting president who's just sitting back and prosecuting his rival while he's just laying back in an easy chair in Delaware. And then the and then the media is colluding with the Deep state to hatch this disinformation campaign and censorship campaign.And now just the baby boomer establishment in Washington, D.C. is basically like lighting everybody up in an orgy of tyranny and corruption and claiming they're trying to save democracy. Meanwhile, the rest of the country is just watching football and Netflix and complaining about the weather. This is the weirdest election ever.PIRRO: It's true. Are you watching? No.FORD JR.: I watch it. What happened to your Eagles?WATTERS: I don't want to talk about it.PIRRO: Yes, what happened to Jason Kelce?WATTERS: Well, he retired. You'll have to see my "ONE MORE THING."PIRRO: OK. All right, let's go back to you. OK, so some say Biden has all this money. Is it going to do him any good? He's at 33 percent.FORD JR.: So, he's got a problem. A couple of things. One, I like her confidence, but I don't -- you got to have to add -- you said the best efforts. You got to have policy prescriptions if you're going to have that confidence. And we'll see what happens. They did beat Biden -- I mean Trump once and we'll see if they can do it again. But you can't do it again if you don't know some of the -- if you don't focus on some of the basics.Every presidential campaign depending on how voters fill the beginning of summer which is a proverbial Memorial Day. How expensive is gas on Memorial Day in 2024 will be a turning point for both campaigns. Two, before that, if the Biden campaign, if the Biden Administration does not get serious about border security, does not lay out a plan to address this, and you're running out of time -- you may have run out of time. This is an issue that all the polling data shows the economy, the border, and foreign policy. And I think those issues are combined in voters' minds around the economy and their economic -- their economic security.Axelrod is right. This threat to democracy -- remember, it polls high because Republicans think there's a threat to democracy because of the way Trump is being treated, and Democrats thinks there's a threat to democracy because of the way Trump is being treated. The common denominator there is Trump but it's divided. So, we shouldn't get -- we shouldn't get too excited. Democrats shouldn't get too excited about those numbers.Finally, there are 150 to 250,000 voters in six states who are going to decide this race, provided that each side ramps up their base and get gets their die-hards to go out. We know the states, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Arizona amongst the four states. If you're not speaking to those voters, to those Independents -- and you're not going to speak to him by shutting him off, by censoring him, by suggesting that the voter turnout was small so we shouldn't be -- we shouldn't be concerned about it.You got to have a better message, you got to have a better plan, you got to have a better vision for the future. Whomever does that will win. Whoever is in the business of censoring is not likely to win.PIRRO: That's Joe Biden. Admit it now.FORD JR.: We beat him once.PIRRO: OK. Up next, the end of snow? The Liberals New York Times -- the Liberal New York Times is taking its climate change hysteria to a new level.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Is climate change melting away our snowy dreams or is it creating a blizzard of confusion? The New York Times accused of traffic and global warming hysteria. In the span of just two weeks, the great lady running three stories that predicted more, less, and the end of snow because of global warming.Sandra, you -- we were talking about this a little beforehand. Is it climate -- I mean, how do you diff -- do you differentiate between this terminology or you look at sort of what the --SMITH: Well, it was global warming and then I don't know. Every time it was snowing or blizzarding, then they wanted it to be climate change. And I don't know, so we're just following along. But remember the promise of this administration. Candidate Joe Biden promised that he was going to be the climate guy. Like, he made big promises to the climate community. The climate activists are on him for getting nothing done on this.I mean, we -- I think I brought this up the last time I was on the show. We looking at oil production at record highs in this country. He said he was bringing the end to fossil fuels, you know. So, those are campaign promises that should be revisited, right? You said it's going be really important to see where gasoline prices are on Memorial Day. Well, why? Wasn't the whole, you know, electric car, E.V. revolution supposed to be here, Harold?So, yes, I think there's a lot of confusion. I think there's a lot of cold weather out there. And I think we're all trying to manage our way through it. And we're waiting on the next name for weather.FORD JR.: Well, we always call it weather. What do you think --SMITH: Because I think it's weather.FORD JR.: What do you think, Greg?GUTFELD: Well, Harold, I was going to destroy you but then you played, Do You Really Want To Hurt Me and I it caused me to self-reflect. No, I really don't want to hurt you. I don't want to make you cry.Right now in Davos, the rich elites are partying, getting their fill of drugs and hookers. And they have two causes that they're claiming are the most important ones, climate change and now misinformation. Those are their two top causes. They made misinformation the second most urgent problem because they need that issue to protect against people who are pointing out that their climate agenda is false, right?So, you know that if you accurately point out that for over a century we've witnessed a 99 percent decrease in human fatalities from weather emergencies, 99 percent. So, that destroys Davos' fake agenda about how climate emergencies are the number one problem. So, they need the disinformation part to protect that other concern. So, I was very nice to you, Harold.FORD JR.: Do you really -- Primetime, what are your thoughts about this?WATTERS: My thoughts. OK.GUTFELD: That's going to be hard.SMITH: Don't hurt yourself.WATTERS: They do this -- it's the same thing like they do with racism, you know, climate change. Racism can be everywhere. It can be anything.FORD JR.: Watch yourself.WATTERS: Remember, Harold? Seeing color is racist. Not seeing color is also racist. White flight racist, gentrification also racist. You Libs do this constantly. Remember, stripping, they say it's demeaning but you also say it's empowering. I don't know what you want.FORD JR.: I've never said those words.WATTERS: A famous philosopher once said that arguing about climate change is like arguing with a woman. There is no women -- there is no winning and you should just ignore the woman.GUTFELD: Who said that?WATTERS: I disagree with that philosopher because I win arguments with Liberals all the time, like you.PIRRO: Not with women.GUTFELD: Who was this great philosopher?WATTERS: I forgot who said --GUTFELD: Was it Aristotle?WATTERS: One of those.GUTFELD: Yes. Yes, they didn't like women.WATTERS: Famous Greeks.PIRRO: Yes. All right, so --FORD JR.: Your Honor, what do -- you think climate change, weather, I mean, something's going on. How do you think about it?PIRRO: I don't think about it the way they think about it. Today, it's like God struck down the New York Times. On January 2nd they said that snow is a thing of the past. On January 12th they say that climate change contributes to this incredible snowfall that we're seeing. I don't know what to believe anymore. But what I can tell you is that in Chicago all the electric cars are not running because they're freezing stations, they can't get the electric cords or whatever they have the chargers into the cars.So, you know what? All this climate nonsense is ridiculous. Drive a -- buy a gas-charged car, a gas-fueled car and call it a day.FORD JR.: I'm still getting you an EV for Christmas.PIRRO: I will never drive an EV.FORD JR.: "THE FASTEST" -- "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Welcome back! Arnold Schwarzenegger knows a thing or two about getting jacked and how not to be a jerk while doing it. The bodybuilding legend dishing out some rules on gym etiquette.ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER, ACTOR, FORMER GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA: You should never make your phone calls into your social media and whatever you want to do on your iPhone or iPad while you're sitting on the machine. Put it back in the right place, the dumbbells, the barbels and everything. So, this is how you do it if you want to go and work in with somebody. Excuse me. Can I work in with you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Absolutely.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Can I work in with you? Harold, so, he says you know, so don't take over the equipment, put your weights away and share your weights. Should you also share your steroids?FORD JR.: Well, he didn't -- I don't recall him saying that.PIRRO: He said share.FORD JR.: Look, I think -- I love Arnold Schwarzenegger. He reminds some of the things we talk about in terms of a -- of a guy that comes to this country, has worked his tail off. He's complicated, he's textured, he's made mistakes. He's owned up to them. He's had great success. And if there's anything he knows, it's gym etiquettes. So, thank you, sir, for sharing these -- sharing these thoughts.SMITH: Wow.GUTFELD: Jesse, one of the important things that he stresses is going to the gym because then you're less likely to impregnate your maid.PIRRO: Oh, my gosh.WATTERS: Well, like Harold, I like Steroid Santa Claus as well. But I expected the gym etiquette to be a little less basic. Put the weights away?GUTFELD: Some people don't.WATTERS: That's all he learned after 50 years of working out?GUTFELD: Some people don't put them away.WATTERS: I thought it was going to be like wipe down the machine.GUTFELD: Oh, I hate sweaters. People who sweat all over the machine.WATTERS: You don't go to the gym.GUTFELD: Not anymore.WATTERS: Yes, because you have a private gym.GUTFELD: Yes. His name is actually Jim. He comes over. Yes. And he's legal, by the way. Judge, do you -- do you actually go to a gym or do you work out at home or do you go to classes?PIRRO: I work out at home and I go to classes. But the thing that bothers me about this thing is sharing. You know, someone -- I'm pretty fast. So -- but if somebody wants to work in with me, you know, no, I don't want you to because then I have to clean it up, you got sweat all over the place. You know, it's my machine. Give me three minutes, I'll be done. That's all I have to say.GUTFELD: Three minutes and she'll be done, Sandra.PIRRO: Yes.SMITH: I recall these rules because I definitely don't share. I do take over equipment. Like, I wait. Like, if I need a treadmill, I get on the treadmill. You stare at the person till they get off if there's none.GUTFELD: Do you ever do the do you know who I am thing?SMITH: No, no.GUTFELD: I'm a very important journalist.SMITH: No, no. But I do put my cell phone up there because I'm -- you know, I'm communicating, I'm watching. I have like a couple cell phones. I'm breaking all the rules.GUTFELD: You know what I do? I treat it like it's a pool table at a bar and I'll put money on it. I'll just put some $10 down on the treadmill. It totally confuses people.WATTERS: I got next.GUTFELD: I got next. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg.GUTFELD: Oh, what a show we have tonight. We're back with Dennis Miller, Emily Compagno, Mike Baker, and Kat Timpf. Hey let's do this. Greg Sexy Horse News. You want to watch a horse trying to eat snowflakes?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yes.SMITH: Oh, my God.GUTFELD: Keep it going. Don't stop.SMITH: I can't.GUTFELD: And that's your Sexy Horse News.SMITH: Thank you for that.WATTERS: A real --PIRRO: What are you craving now?WATTERS: You.GUTFELD: Oh, my goodness.WATTERS: All right, the Eagles blew it last night against the Bucks. They blew like the last half of the season. It was just a catastrophe. After 13 seasons in Philly, the center Jason Kelce, he announced his retirement. And he helped us win the Super Bowl, seven-time pro bowler, six-time first-team all-pro. The guy is a legend. We love you, Jason. And we're going to miss you.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Vivek, Debra Lee, and Chris Hansen tonight at 8:00.SMITH: Excellent.WATTERS: Go, Jeanine.PIRRO: OK, I'm going to miss Jason Kelce. I love him. I really do but -- in any event. OK, have you ever wanted something glitzy? I of course have never. But a very patient woman dedicated three weeks of her time to meticulously hand-placed more than two million crystals on a BMW. She calls herself a crystal artist and invites you to rent this bedazzle car and take it yourself for a spin.WATTERS: God, women are so patient.GUTFELD: Hey, hey, Jesse, how did Chris Hansen find you?WATTERS: Text message.FORD JR.: A 101-year-old military veteran got introduced to his great, great-granddaughter. Blindfolded, they introduced him to him. He can't help but show excitement. I love this. I love him. I love his family.SMITH: Congratulations.FORD JR.: Thank you, sir.WATTERS: I love you too. That's it for us, everybody. Have a great night! "SPECIAL REPORT"