SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".We are reporting from a cold Des Moines, Iowa tonight. Thank you for being with us.Now, breaking only moments ago, FOX News can now project that Donald J. Trump will win the Iowa caucuses by a very wide margin, a massive slap in the face, isn't it, to all the obsessive Trump haters in Washington, in the swamp, all the far-left prosecutors that have weaponized and politicized our system of justice. And all of those perpetrating one witch hunt after another, after yet another media mob cheering on their abuse of political hacks every step of the way.There's a big message sent to the country tonight. Voters can see through it. They know our system has been corrupted. They see unequal justice under the law, unequal application of our laws and they are now suffering through one of the worst presidents in American history.Bidenomics is a failure. Inflation through the roof. The border an utter disaster. Europe is at war, the Middle East is at war. Our troops are coming under attack, life expectancy is down, housing is unaffordable, homelessness at record levels, all around the country.Joe Biden's presidency has been destroying this country, and now the people of Iowa, they have sent a message loud and clear at the ballot box.Welcome to "Hannity" again. Nine o'clock on the East Coast. It is 8:00 p.m. right here in freezing cold De Moines, Iowa, where voters brave the snow, the subzero temperatures to participate in what is a historic night and huge win that they are delivering for Donald Trump.Coming up, we're going to take you live on the ground, we'll have the very latest voter analysis and reaction. We'll check in with Kellyanne Conway, Ari Fleischer, Dana Perino, Harold Ford, Jr., Sandra Smith, Newt Gingrich, Jim Jordan and much more.But, first, for the very latest numbers, we check out -- it was once called the Hannity big board many years ago.Hannity is not capable of even comprehending it. He's technologically deficient. So thankfully, our very own friend, our --BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: You're still saying that song, aren't you?HANNITY: Our friend Bill Hemmer is at the big board. It's his big board. He's the best at it.Bill, what we got?HEMMER: You think it's cold today, should have been here Saturday, Sean. Holy canoli. I mean, winds from the north in a big way.Listen, we're early on, okay? I just want viewers to know that the reason why we can call the winner here, our FOX voter analysis team has been in the field for seven days and what we do is we poll people who intend to caucus and we go back to them again and again to make sure that the decisions they give us are indeed their final decisions hence the reason why we're able to call this so early for Donald Trump tonight.Okay, so where are we right now? You're only about percent of the statewide estimated vote that's going to come in tonight. We're here in Des Moines, in Polk County. I was just bopping around out here a little bit here, Sean. This is Cedar County. it seems to be 58 percent of the votes in. It's a rural county, I grant you that.But 58 percent of the vote reporting, population not even it's half a percent for the entire state of Iowa, and ranks 38 of 99. So, listen, it's a rural county, but you see what Trump's doing right there with Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis, second and third.Let me just see what Vivek at 8 percent, once Vivek gets if -- he is to get above Ron DeSantis, he'll come to this main screen here too throughout the night. So we just want to make that clear to viewers at home that's the way we're working it. One, two, three and four based on the county results and the statewide results on the state level here.Let me go in here to Johnson County because I was watching this earlier. So Nikki Haley with 20 percent of the vote reporting here in Johnson County is holding on to a decent lead at 41 percent. We'll see how this goes for the remaining, what, 80 percent of the vote out there but Johnson County is a large county, ranks four out of 99, Rubio did really well here eight years ago.This is where you find the University of Iowa. These are a lot of the voters that Nikki Haley's going after college educated, suburban, et cetera, you know the drill, we'll see whether or not she can capture that and keep that away from Ron DeSantis. That's kind of what's happening over here on the on the east side, I'll call with, the Mississippi River.Over here on the Missouri side of the river, let's just pop on down here and check into Pottawattamie, 10 percent of the vote counted right now. Trump's hanging on here but listen, I want to emphasize to our viewers at home, got ways to go, okay? You got 105 raw votes, 28 raw votes, 26 raw votes. All right?Let me see if I can change that screen. There it is, 13 raw votes for Vivek Ramaswamy, so it's going to -- it's going to move throughout the night. One cool feature I think we've got this year is that we don't have to do math live on the air anymore, okay? Because this button right here if you're watching at home or on your computer your mobile device, that show you the raw votes between first place and second place in any particular county or even statewide, then we can click on it and it's changes the percentage point.All right. Now, Donald Trump's up 43.8 points. I'm going to stay, I don't know, but that's the way it's tabulated right now based on the raw vote again early at 10 percent. Give me a moment here, Sean. Let's -- let's go down to some of these rural counties, okay, along the Missouri border.Eight years ago, Ted Cruz did very well there and Donald Trump had kind of a mix and match throughout that contest. Remember it was evangelicals, maybe they weren't sure of Donald Trump. What were his positions? What -- how would he govern if they voted for him?Well, we only have a taste of that here in the south. So this is Appanoose County and the reason I pointed out is because you're at 18 percent, all right? Trump's just below 70 percent with 52 raw votes reporting, all right? Now, I'm going to try something here.Let me going to go back in time, let's see for the moment with 18 percent of the vote in, I know it's early. Let's go back in time and see eight years ago how this ended up, okay? Trump's in red, Cruz's in blue, Ben Carson's in yellow on this map here, all right?In Appanoose, Trump is a winner by a grand total of 23 raw votes, which computes to 2.7 percentage points in Appanoose County. So if this were to hold up, let's come back to real time data now. Come on, work with me, and if this were to hold up now, this is -- you know, this is like Trump's game, right? This is what he wanted to do.You know, win the rurals and drive the numbers up. We talked about that in so many different states across the country. They really never more so than Iowa. And you go back and you see the change that happened between 2012 and 2016, and again in 2020. Trump is -- he -- he really has run this state red, ever since he got in that race in 2016.Try one more for you, Sean. This is Story County I want to pop in here because you got 7 percent reporting. It's just north of us in Des Moines, Iowa. That's Ames, Iowa, is the county seat. Iowa State University is there.And again, if you're going to have a good race here between Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis throughout the night, this is one of those counties -- one of the parts of the state you're going to be -- you're going to be thinking about, okay? And I'm going to go back in the time machine again here just for a second, and let's see, okay.So, Marco Rubio, eight years ago was in this light blue color -- look, where he did, right? Look where he did well. It was Story County down here in Polk into the west of us in Dallas County, which should start to get a lot more suburbs in an area where Nikki Haley was targeting.We see whether or not she -- she can do that this year, let me see if I can come back here got it, okay, real time now, numbers haven't changed, still at 7 percent, still a pretty good race between one and two, that we probably anticipate will last throughout the entire night whether or not the vacant bump is numbers up into double digits.Sean, I'll be watching this Mississippi River, all these counties up and down. I mentioned Black Hawk a moment ago. No, still early, 5 percent. So we'll see how that breaks down throughout the night between the blue team and the orange team. DeSantis, Haley and Ramaswamy in green.For now, Sean, back to you, sir, and we'll fire this bad boy up here.HANNITY: Great voice.HEMMER: I told I told Bret a bit earlier we got some new cylinders in it this year, but we're going to see how we drive on an icy snowy road and we'll find out together. Yeah, okay.HANNITY: Well, I will say the people of Iowa -- first of all, the greatest people on Earth. They feed not only the country, they feed the world -- work hard, play by the rules, pay their taxes, obey the laws and you know what? They spoke loudly tonight, very interesting.HEMMER: And they put up with us every four years.HANNITY: Yeah, but we could live without the minus 20 below, that was a little rough, but, Bill, great job we'll get back to you throughout the hour.Former President Donald Trump telling foxnews.com that he feels greatly honored and invigorated after being projected to win the Iowa caucuses. Here now with reaction, we have FOX News contributors Kellyanne Conway, Ari Fleischer with us.They were able to call this literally, you know --KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Within seconds.HANNITY: Within seconds, the largest margin that any previous Republican candidate had won by was Bob Dole which was 12.8 percent.CONWAY: Yes.HANNITY: Looks like this is going to be a much wider margin tonight.What are your expectations? What does this do for President Trump? What impact will it have on Governor DeSantis, Nikki Haley in terms of the battle for second?CONWAY: Look, I know there's a battle for second but if you look at Trump's dominance across pretty much every cross tab group he won, he's going to win young people, first time caucusgoers, he's going to dominate among evangelical Christians, among women, hello, Nikki.You name it, Trump is dominating. It's a full scale victory for him tonight, Sean, whether he gets to 50 percent or not, it doesn't matter.So what's my expectation for them, that they can carry on. But I feel like tonight, Trump got win, play show. I mean, that the -- they're so far behind him. And I think when you go into a state like South Carolina which is winner take all --HANNITY: Right.CONWAY: -- where Nikki Haley was the governor a while ago now, that's where Jeb Bush and others fell out of the race because Trump got -- I think he got about a third of the vote, the raw vote. We got all 42 delegates coming out of South Carolina in the third contest in 2016.This feels like 2016 in terms of the Trump hunger swagger being counted down, counted out, underdog, underestimated, but not underfunded, under staff this time. Yet, it's 2016, Trump with the 2017 to 2020 record President Trump. It's a very unique position.HANNITY: You were there what is been very, very apparent to me is the organization.CONWAY: Yes, fantastic.HANNITY: Which was non-existent I think you can argue or fairly non- existent no offense to the people that worked in on his Iowa campaign.But compared now versus then, night and day, wasn't it?CONWAY: No, Ivanka told me the story of her and Jared opening up folding tables and folding chairs trying to help and she was very pregnant at the time with her third child, just trying to organize actual caucus areas and volunteer tables.So, yes, this was very different. I think Susie Wiles and the team left nothing to chance. They put a great ground game together this, Iowa -- this Trump caucus captain had I think is a great collector's item.But, Sean, and the others went to the airwaves and all these third party groups coming in late for Nikki Haley, they chose, yeah, to knock on doors a little bit but really to go to the airwaves and it's just not going to bear as much fruit.Look, you said something important at the top. You are discussing the Trump detractors, the Trump haters, the never Trumpers. They look so ridiculous time after time. It's always the wheels coming off the bus.This is the time we're going to get Donald Trump, where most voters are looking at this and saying we need to you know we need to get our country back on track, energy, independence, the homeless out of our cities, crime that's spiraling, the price is out of control, the border, 8 million people larger than the population --HANNITY: Almost 10 now, we're moving to 10. Yeah.CONWAY: Close to 10. And so that's what people are saying and yet, I think if people had spent a fraction of the time that they spent obsessing over Trump on understanding the Trump voter, then they may be competitive for Biden, but they're not. And I think one of the best things that ever happened to Donald Trump is Joe Biden.He con -- he contrasts his record to Joe Biden's record and people are seeing that now. He's been in a general election strategy I think since last summer, calling on -- calling on Biden, not just making fun of his agility and ability, that's easy to do, but calling him out on the Afghanistan withdrawal, calling him out on killing the Keystone pipeline jobs, calling him out on him and his homeland security director not even willing to call the border a crisis which everyone believes, it is including a number of Democrat members of Congress and governors.Really challenging Joe Biden. I think there are Democrats out there who would love to run against Joe Biden but instead I predict they're going to watch Joe Biden and Kamala Harris bleed out, let Trump win it, and I think Trump who got blamed 14 short months ago unfairly in the midterms is the best chance the Republican Party has to flip the Senate and retain and grow the House.HANNITY: I actually believe a lot of that was based on abortion.CONWAY: It was based on abortion and we had some crappy candidates. You get Trump's endorsement and you can't fall asleep. You have to do what he does. You have to show up, put up --HANNITY: You can't fall asleep and run a campaign, I didn't know that.CONWAY: No, his endorsement is not enough. It's the ground, not the ceiling, you have to go run your own campaign. He's not running for governor of this state or senator from that state.HANNITY: Ari, let me bring you into this. I've been saying a lot on the air that Donald Trump defies all conventional political gravity, usually you would think that if somebody gets arrested, if somebody gets indicted, that their poll numbers would go down.In every case, his have gone up. And I wonder if it's been such overkill, because this started the day that he and Melania Trump came down that escalator, leading into -- you know, three long years of what turned out to be nothing but lies and conspiracy theories, peddle by fake news CNN, MSNBC, "The New York Times", three broadcast network, "The Washington Post", they all seem to be wrong, they all were wrong rather.And I wonder if in some odd way, they took a man like Donald Trump and they actually have turned him into a victim. And people through this and none of what they now do matters to people because of all the fundamental unfairness that led up to this point.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, Sean, the -- we have gaps in this country. People say a gender gap, there's this gap, there's that gap, the biggest gap we have is actually between the mainstream media and the American people, specifically college educated Democrats who are really reporters the mainstream media, ABC, NBC, CBS, "The New York Times", "The Washington Post" and their failure to understand the country they live in outside it's elite bubbles, it's cities, it's college educated campuses.They do not understand the rural voters of Iowa. They will parachute in, interview them, talk about what these people believe in and then leave and not understand their way of life, their way of thinking, their way of being raised in a gun culture, their way of fishing.It is such a disparate group of people but the majority, of course, are those type of Americans who are not the college educated Democrats reporters. And that's why they missed the story of 2016, and that's why I think that you have still so many people cheering for the defeat of Donald Trump who are out of touch with such a huge swath of this country.Donald Trump to his credit is intuitively in touch with them, and you're seeing that tonight on the ground in Iowa. These results are really staggering if they hold up for President Trump. Precedent is important. History is important.Donald Trump is shattering it this year with the margin of his victory, even he falls short of 50, his margin between first and second is massive.Now for that second, because I do think it's still as important and we all need to recognize New Hampshire has a very different electoral makeup than Iowa does, far more college educated, far more moderate. That would play to Nikki Haley's benefit you have to presume and if she wins in second in Iowa, it will boost her going to New Hampshire.Haley's problem though based on the results tonight is she's got to crack conservatives. She cannot win on the basis of liberal moderate Republicans alone with some help from independents. She's got to do better among true blue conservatives and that's where in Iowa at least there's no evidence that anybody can run against Donald Trump.HANNITY: Well, that's interesting. I've always felt that the fact New Hampshire allows independents to decide whether they prefer to vote a Democratic primary or the Republican primary.Ari, great analysis. Thank you. Kellyanne, great to see you as always. Thank you for joining us on set. We appreciate it.And joining us now with more, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.Mr. Speaker, you became part of a very big ad that the Trump campaign or somebody put together, I'm not sure if it was a super PAC or the campaign and you voice it over and you make a comparison about corruption with the Clintons and the Bidens and a dual system of justice. I don't know what to what degree at that played a role tonight, but certainly it did not deter uh many people in Iowa tonight for voting for Donald Trump.What's your analysis?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, as you know, I almost never write anything down. Listening to the two brilliant people, you know, you just had two of the best analysts on American politics that we have. So I've got five quick points. One, this is the people's victory, despite every media, despite every lawsuit, despite every effort to destroy Trump, the people of Iowa have stood up and said, no, he is our candidate.Number two, he's the nominee. Get over it. He is the nominee. He's going to win the nomination. The news media doesn't want to say that because they need to somehow hype. Please watch us while we go through this charade.There is no candidacy for number two. There is no number two. There are irrelevancies. You get to be the leading irrelevant or the second irrelevant or the third irrelevant but nobody's going to be number two because he's going to dominate totally if you look at the country at large, where he's at like or percent approval.Trump is not a candidate. Trump is the leader of a nationwide movement to take power back from the establishment, and that's why every time he's attacked by the judiciary -- every time he's attacked by the news media, he gets stronger because people go, yep, that's what I thought, that's exactly what those corrupt people will do.And, of course, starting with the Russian hoax, it's just clear these people lie all the time.Finally, Iowa has turned red. When I first got involved in politics, Iowa was a very competitive state and sometimes was a sort of Democrat state.But over the years, Iowa has moved away and Trump is a big part of this. If you look at the who's winning elections in Iowa today, they're Republicans. If you look at which part's collapsing in Iowa today, it's the Democrats. That's a harbinger I think of what the next few years are going to be like. So that's my sweeping introduction.HANNITY: By the way, as a side note, I do need to remind people that when I was in Atlanta, Georgia, I was the emcee the night you became speaker of the House, but I would often be the emcee of events that you spoke at.Now you wrote down notes tonight. Just so people understand how profound that is, every time you were to give a speech about minutes before your speech, you' call me over and ask if I had a pen and you would take a real cloth napkin and a sharpie or a marker and you would write down three or four things, you'd throw it on the podium, and that was your 45-minute speech. So that is -- that is profound that you actually wrote that down tonight and that's how far back we go together.Mr. Speaker, I've been -- you've helped make my life a part of history. I'm very grateful. Thank you for joining us tonight. We appreciate it.And well --GINGRICH: Glad to be with you.HANNITY: If I let me ask you one last question, what about second? How important is it for say Governor DeSantis to come in second tonight? It's very close at this time.GINGRICH: It is irrelevant. It's -- look, it's like you know being the nicest person this school while you lose every game. Fine. I mean, he can go home and say he did the best he could. Nikki can go home and say she did the best he could. Ramaswamy can go home and say he did the best he could.None of them are going to be the nominee, period. It is over. If you had any doubt about this, watch the returns come in tonight. This will be historically the largest margin ever for a Republican candidate in a multi- candidate field ever.HANNITY: Last question --GINGRICH: At some point, people got to say to themselves, oh, he is going to be the nominee because -- not because of him but because the American people want him to be the nominee. He's going to be president because the American people want him to be president.HANNITY: Last question, polls were a little tighter in New Hampshire. You're right, it's a different electorate. Ari Fleischer mentioned that.Last two polls were Trump up by seven, Trump up by 20, there was an outlier poll of him only up by four.GINGRICH: Yeah.HANNITY: Does it matter at all what happens in your mind in New Hampshire?GINGRICH: No, no, be a nominated. I mean, look at the way --HANNITY: I'm just asking --GINGRICH: So, he carries -- in a worst case, he carries 49 states. In the best case, he carries 50.HANNITY: Okay, Speaker Gingrich, always great to have you.All right. We appreciate you being with us and I haven't said happy New Year to you. Happy New Year.All right. Big win tonight in Iowa. We are in Des Moines, it's about 20 below zero with the wind chill.Anyway, Rich Edson is on location at Trump headquarters in Iowa.Rich, what's going on there? I assume a celebratory move.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, definitely. The crowd is coming in. In fact, there was no crowd when they called this thing about an our ago. It happen so early in the evening. The crowd is steadily coming in. They will hear from former President Donald Trump later on this evening.The former president was nearby in Clive, Iowa, speaking to a caucus there. He didn't mention his Republican rivals. He was focused on current President Joe Biden and perhaps what will be a general election matchup. That's certainly what his supporters are hoping for. And they hope to get to that as quickly as possible.They are also watching the clock on this as well. They knew that eight years ago, this caucus was called for Ted Cruz at about 9:30-ish local time. They beat that by about two hours tonight. They are looking to run up that score in the total store. Still unclear buy how much the former president has won the Iowa caucuses by.They have been doing what they can at the campaign level. They spoke to us the short while ago saying a win is a win and we are happy with the wind. They want to keep the expectations low. And the candidate is talking about how he is expecting to have a tremendous night.And on top of that, you also got polling across the country here in Iowa and states across the country that show him up on the field with more than 50 percent of the vote. So, they know he needs a big victory tonight. He got it early tonight. We are waiting to see what the numbers are.Off to New Hampshire tomorrow, but still the event of trying to get the crowd in here tonight. They are still filing in -- Sean.HANNITY: All right. Rich Edson, thank you in Iowa tonight.Now here with the very latest voter analysis out of Iowa. She is the co- anchor of "America Reports", Sandra Smith is with us.Sandra, what are we learning from the voters tonight?SANDRA SMITH, CO-ANCHOR OF "AMERICA REPORTS": Hey, Sean, a really interesting stuff is coming in and especially when it comes to that MAGA voter. It's telling us a lot about how President Trump is having a really good night there in Iowa.Take a look. This is some of the key findings so far when it comes to the MAGA supporters in our FOX News analysis. More than six in of them of those caucusgoers that identify as MAGA, the vast majority of them close to eight in it is revealed are breaking for Donald Trump. He still appears to be king of the MAGA world, 77 percent of them.But looking at the moderate voters this is a key group that we were watching heading into Iowa, this appears to give some hope to Nikki Haley. Now when it comes to those moderate voters, she doesn't beat Donald Trump there but she's well ahead of DeSantis and Ramaswamy among moderate voters. This may reflect something about her potential strength in a general election. So that is a key takeaway.Now, let's take a look at another very key group there in Iowa and that is the evangelical Christian voter. This is a sizable group in Iowa we all know that we've been watching that heading into Iowa.With this group, DeSantis courted them was even endorsed by Bob Vander Plaats as we know, but they love Donald Trump. DeSantis is 40 points behind him and just five points ahead of Haley.All right. So another key finding with Trump is the fact that he is still facing multiple in investigations and indictments. So we put the question to voters this for the most part does not appear to be a factor for caucusgoers. Look at this, more than half think the former president did nothing wrong on January 6th, half think the same about interference in the election. That bumps down to four in as you can see when it comes to classified documents at his Florida home.Overall, though, Iowa Republicans think the investigation of the former president are political, not legitimate. So take a look at this another key finding and a question that we put to voters when it comes to those Trump charges. Close to 8 in 10 say the charges against Trump are political. Only two and say -- two in 10 say legitimate.And speaking of legitimate, more than six in 10 caucusgoers say President Biden was not legitimately elected four years ago. This is when we put this question to voters those who think Biden's election was on the up and up, clicking yes here, they're backing Nikki Haley. Those who don't break strongly, close to three quarters, for Donald Trump.And finally, one other hot button issue among Iowa Republicans is what is being taught in schools. So we asked about three issues and here is what they said in some of the top findings that we took away from the FOX News voter analysis. School teachings, half say K through eight schools are teaching too much, Sean, about racism but look close to three quarters of caucus attendees think schools are focusing too much on sexual or orientation and gender identity.These are some really revealing numbers, something to dig into, Sean, and brand new information just for you.HANNITY: All right. Sandra, great job, fascinating the way people think, but what goes into their voting -- day of voting.SMITH: Yeah.HANNITY: By the way, we have new numbers that have just come in. We go back to Bill Hemmer. He's at the big board with the very latest currently some rural counties are now coming in and the vote count has gotten higher.What's the latest, Bill?HEMMER: About that I just show you two counties in the Southeast we been picking up on this here and also back in New York. This is Henry County in the Southeast.Okay, Trump's at 63 percent, an easy lead over Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis here, you're more than half of the vote now has been turned in. Again, this is a rural county, many counties in Iowa are rural, but just want to show you this. We go back in time to eight years ago, you see the way this vote was split. I mean, okay, now come to today and that that's a pretty good number. I would say that's the kind of number the Trump team likes to see.Keokuk County, this is rural as well. Population -- I mean, look at this, 75 out of 99. This is farmland, right? Sean, you said it this is what feeds America, lot of times feeds the world, but there's 27 percent reporting right now, and this is a -- this is an easy lead and if you go back eight years and just see, you know, the battle between sorry, sorry, sorry, hang on one second here -- if you go back eight years, and see the battle that played out. Really, it was a three-way fight here, but it was a two-way fight for the rurals among Ted Cruz and Donald Trump.The rurals and evangelical voters, okay? So here we are eight years later, work with me, work with me, and this 76 percent. They would take that I think at the Trump campaign all night long. So just want to share that with you, anecdotal stuff coming in, Sean.As we said earlier, it's early. It will be for some time. Back to you.HANNITY: Bill, real quick question. Let's look at the total vote count. What percentage of the vote now is in?HEMMER: You're at 4 percent.HANNITY: Yeah.HEMMER: Four percent statewide, I mean, it's a couple thousand here and a couple thousand there, Sean.HANNITY: Okay. Bill Hemmer at the big board, we'll check in throughout the evening.Also, we hear a good chance that Donald Trump will be addressing campaign headquarters. When that happens, we'll bring that to you.Joining us now from a local restaurant right here in Des Moines, Iowa, FOX News contributor, our own Sara Carter is standing by.Sara, say hi to everybody, and if you don't mind, I'll take a -- hey, everyone. Sean, he says hello to everybody. Hey.Hey, Sean. I'm here at Smitty's.HANNITY: They look excited.CARTER: -- one of the most popular diners. Oh, yeah, they are. They're very -- well, they're eating. They're excited. I'm -- I'm hungry. It smells delicious in here.This is one of the most popular diners here in Des Moines, Iowa, and this weather negative five is not stopping anybody from getting out and doing their duty here in the Iowa caucuses. So I am here having my own little caucus and I am here with the owner of Smitty's, the king of tenderloin.Ben, hey, Ben. I'm good, I'm good.Tell me a little bit about what is driving the Iowa voter because I think this is a microcosm of what's happening across the country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think immigration is a big issue. The economy is a big issue for us as small business owners and I think people are really excited to get out and voice their opinion for the candidate that they want to support.CARTER: Do you feel frustrated with what is happening in the country over the last three years?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We do as small business owners. We feel very frustrated with the economy and the direction that it was moving, and then all of a sudden, over the last several years, the direction that it went. We've had to adjust some things and change some things, but -- yeah, we -- we'd like to see a big turn around.CARTER: Do you see -- do you see a light at the end of the tunnel?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We do with the candidate that we'd like to support, yeah, Trump, Trump.CARTER: Okay.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump all the way.CARTER: Got Trump all the way right here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Absolutely.CARTER: Thank you, Ben.And I'm over here, you got twins. I -- I'm so excited.Okay. Do you guys agree politically or are you divisive here?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We really don't discuss it with each other.CARTER: You don't discuss it with each other.What are the issues that are most affecting you here in Iowa? What are you -- what are you most concerned about?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Healthcare, education.CARTER: Healthcare, education?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The schools, more safety in the schools.CARTER: Do you feel like that is not being taken care of by this current administration?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No.CARTER: Do you feel there's hope with what you're seeing right now at the caucus?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I hope so, really hope so.CARTER: What is your biggest concern if that's not taken care of?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The education, safety at our schools. I mean, there shouldn't be any more school shootings. There -- it's just -- it need something needs to be done more about it.CARTER: Yeah, yeah, a lot of people have been saying the same thing.I'm going to come on over here. We've got a table of folks that have been waiting to talk. I see you have the make America great again hat, and y'all are sitting here patiently waiting. What are the issues that you are most affected by right now that drive you to the polls, that drive you to the ballot box this November?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think a lot of it -- we have numerous things. The border wall needs finished, the immigration is -- it's we have stuff way out of hand right now. There's a lot of different things. We need to be drilling our own oil. I mean, prices need to go down, families are struggling. It's -- it's tough out there for everybody. So --CARTER: Would you all agree with that here at the table? What is it that you think is --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm tired of our rights being attacked. Every time we turn around, it seems like our constitutional rights are being attacked just based on, you know, public safety public, you know? Scary.CARTER: You know, a lot of people are talking about public safety and their children, would that be something that you would agree with as well?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah, absolutely, I want to feel safe sending my kids to school. I feel like school is not just a place for academics, but also for social, emotional learning. We want to teach our kids how to be productive, respectful members of society, and that starts at home and at the school.CARTER: Thank you so much.Sean, do you have any questions for these lovely folks? Because I've got a few more people here that want to talk to you?HANNITY: You know what? I'm listening to people and it really sounds like bread and butter issues. It sounds like the economy. It sounds like immigration. It's -- you know, when we have 60 percent of our fellow Americans living paycheck to paycheck, I discussed this with Dana who will join us in a -- in a moment earlier on her show today.You know what? People are hurting and or they see our borders out of control borders that were very secure, the story that you have covered for so many nights. And interestingly, eight in 10 voters today saying they believe all of these attacks, the legal attacks, the weaponization of our justice system, they think it's political. That is a loud statement that maybe there's been a lot of overreach and maybe abuse of our justice system. I -- that stands out in my mind.CARTER: Absolutely, absolutely. That was something you had brought up earlier too, and some of -- and some of you, the immigration crisis in the country. What about Americans? What about what is happening with us, economically? And now, there's hundreds of millions of dollars being doled out across, not just here in Illinois and other parts of the United States. But, I mean, on a federal level, it really is a crisis, right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, I think it is. There -- you know, there's a lot of crisises in America right now. The list is long but to me the greatest concern is the fact that we just can't seem to talk to one another and have civil dos course to work through these issues. To me that has to happen.CARTER: So, and you're hope and I know that everyone here is hoping that they can make that happen, Sean. I'm going to be having a bite with everybody here in Iowa, at this great diner. I can't wait I want to give one chance really quick for this couple right here to wrap it up.I know you were Iowans for DeSantis. Tell me what are some of the issues that are driving you to be more involved politically this year.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Definitely, the economy but ultimately, just -- to see a person who governs understanding that our rights come from God, actually acknowledging that and govern accordingly, as opposed to just assuming that whoever is president is god, and really being able to stand up against some of the ideology that's destroying the American family and ultimately the nation because the family is the building block of society. So anything that is detrimental to the nuclear family is detrimental to our country.CARTER: Well, there you go, Sean. It is bread and butter issues. It's what is happening here in Iowa. It's happening across America.Now I'm going to take a little break and get something to eat and I guess. I'll be seeing you tomorrow night.HANNITY: All right. Enjoy it. I did like that last comment, natural rights, rights are given by god, not by government and a lot of people feel that their values are really being circumvented by bureaucrats. Big issue, schools was mentioned a lot today.Anyway, Sara, thank you. Enjoy your meal.We are awaiting remarks from former President Donald Trump after what is a huge victory in Iowa tonight. We'll bring those to you live when he takes the stage. First, joining us now, the co-host of the hit show "The Five" and "America's Newsroom", she's got double duty. I was on with her today, Dana Perino, along with her fellow co-host of "The Five", Harold Ford, Jr.HAROLD FORD, JR., CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": I work for Dana, so I'm glad to be here with you.DANA PERINO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": The crowd favorite.HANNITY: By way, I cannot fill in for Greg Gutfeld. I'm as funny as Greg, I'm not as funny as Jimmy Failla.PERINO: You're taller than Greg though.HANNITY: Okay. Well, there's always an upside.PERINO: But he's taller than me. So --HANNITY: Well, you're both great.All right. Let's get you just simple analysis what happened today.PERINO: One of the things I love about our coverage is that you have these people out there talking so that any viewer can tune in and see like a real live focus group. What's really on people's minds?We can talk about the polls all we want. I thought it was very interesting that how many people are bringing up education. They're bringing up these back to basic issues. Gutfeld talked about that today on "The Five" as well.That they just want government to work well. They're not asking for government to solve their problems, okay? They want to pay their taxes and make sure that the roads are taken care of, that the schools are taken care of, and that their national security is taken care of and they don't want the government to get in the way of the economy being able to work in a supply and demand market forces kind of way.That's the way that that I see this. I also think that President Trump, if you look at that screenshot right now, be -- his stage president one we know is very good, right? The charisma, the politics, but the experience of having been president and then now running again.Now, he didn't debate but he has been here in Iowa. He has shown up. He's going to give some remarks tonight, and he goes into this with a strong gust of wind at his back, and it shows and that in that kind of a scene right there. That's a good advanced team.HANNITY: Yeah.Harold Ford Jr., when we first met, you were a congressman from the great state of Tennessee. You now live in New York and I believe New York City and you pay about 13 percent income tax.FORD: There's no need to remind me.PERINO: Yeah, we know.HANNITY: Now, if you were in Tennessee, you would pay zero. An amazing disparity in terms of political philosophy.I thought that, I tried to highlight that when Governor DeSantis debated Gavin Newsom. There is a divide. I don't know how we reconcile on issues of the economy, on foreign policy, on immigration, on energy. I don't even see any middle ground anymore.You're -- as a Democrat, as you look at this, you know, what's going on from your perspective?FORD: Well, first, thanks for having me on. And I agree with Dana. I think when you chime in to Sara and others and you listen to people, you were commenting while we while she was there that these are just bread and butter things. I think to Greg's point on the show today, our politics is broken. And when the politics is broken, everything that stems from it our border is broken, our schools are broken, our workplaces are broken in many ways, even our places of worship are broken.So when you look at those things, millions of Americans lives are in disrepair and are broken. If you're a Democrat tonight, I think you don't extrapolate so, so much from an Iowa Republican coalition or caucus thing what you do extrapolate from is what everyday people are saying. You had parents in that in that diner you had people who were a little older people were a little younger then that last guy who I thought was so interesting said, we just want it to work.Again, to your point, Dana, we don't need you to solve everything but you can't pass a budget on time, staring in your face as a porous border. No one can come together to work on that.We're finding ourselves engaged in fights overseas and Ukraine and helping our friends the Israelis. Let's get government back to working again and whichever candidate is able to do that, be it Joe Biden or Donald Trump, looks they will be our nominees. And this is going to be the longest race we've ever seen for president. This thing will probably get started March 1st at the latest.We all know who they are. They don't -- it's not like something's going to come up on Tuesday, Wednesday about Trump or Biden. So we may get --HANNITY: You do not believe that there's some grand scheme to get Biden off the ticket, or is he one big fall away from being off the ticket?FORD: I know. No one's wishing that, but I know -- I know your point.HANNITY: I'm not wishing it, I'm saying --FORD: But if they're the two, we may find ourselves with one of the great substantive issue-based debates that we've seen in a while, because they're going to have to -- one of one's been president already and one's president now, so they can talk about their records. Not what they would do, but what they did and what they would do going forward.And I think the country, as much as three of the country don't want either of them as a nominee, if you look at the polling data, if they are the nominees, I always try to look at things in the most favorable light. And the most favorable light in this census, they may have to talk about issues in ways that other --HANNITY: I got to ask you the question that I ask everybody, every Democrat that comes on the show. Do you really believe that Joe Biden is physically strong enough, cognitively strong enough to be the president? Because I do not believe that.FORD: He's been president for four years. The answer your question is yes. Am I in a box of people would mind seeing another person, another Democrat emerge? That may happen at some point. And if you look at the polling data for the country, three out of two -- out of three Democrats want that to be the case.But we -- I think even two out of three out of four Republicans want someone different, but we're we may be stuck with these two. We've got to figure out what's the best that can come out of this for the country.HANNITY: So if you look at the FOX exit polls, we've been running polls for seven days straight, you look at the ABC poll, Joe Biden at 33 percent, he is losing dramatic support among every key major demographic of the Democratic Party or the Democratic base. If those numbers even -- if 20 percent of those numbers hold, that would be a landside victory if it's Trump versus Biden this year. How real do you believe that is in the end, Dana?PERINO: Very, and also in that same ABC poll, they asked a question about cognitive abilities. And it was 28 percent, right? So -- and I disagree, I don't think you'll have the most substantive campaign because President Biden has already said his campaign is going to be against MAGA extremist, and against Donald Trump as a person.And you might see that from the other side as well, that Trump is going to wonder what Biden would actually do in the future if he could do anything at all.FORD: But we -- I think we'll tire of that debate, think about this. But the economy is always -- if we find ourselves at Memorial Day and gas prices are really high, that impacts adversely an incumbent. And if the incumbent has -- that he's going to have to figure out how am I going to get these prices lower? If things are lower and the economy is improving, it's going to be incumbent upon if it's Donald Trump --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: -- what he did in '22, degrade the strategic petroleum reserve which he did on purpose for politics.PERINO: But he's not going to change the border. And so, if all the people coming from the border --FORD: That's the issue --HANNITY: Got to go to Hemmer at the big board.FORD: I agree with Dana 100 percent.HANNITY: I'll tell you the whole Joe Biden campaign. It's going to be the normal playbook, Republicans are racist, sexist, have every phobia --PERINO: Hitler.HANNITY: Hitler, okay, democracy in peril, Donald Trump, January 6, that's it. They won't talk about his record.FORD: That won't work -- that won't work alone. You're going to have to talk about the border and the economy, and if you don't talk about those things --HANNITY: How does he talk about the border, without being laughed at?FORD: Well, you got to get between now and March. They got to get down there and do something about it. I've been saying this for a long time, if we don't do something there, it's bad for the country and worse for my party.HANNITY: I love watching you guys every day. Thank you both for joining for me. Appreciate it.PERINO: Thanks for having us.HANNITY: All right. We go back to Bill Hemmer at the big board. He's got some news.Bill, what's going on?HEMMER: I just want to show again our viewers what's to stake here tonight. Delegates, 40, is proportional, so it's based on the percentage of the vote that you get throughout the night. And remember Trump's going for this percent mark, roughly speaking, proportional he would walk away with 20 delegates tonight.But here's what I want to -- Sean, here's what I really want to share with the audience at home right now. We just got a huge data dump and now of these 99 counties, 40 percent of them are now reporting in. So this is the highest number we've been at and Trump in red, you see what he's doing across the state. It's pretty -- it's pretty clear to see that this will be a big win for him tonight, whether he gets that 50 number or not, we'll find out later.Let me just bop around here. This is Des Moines, this is Polk County. The reason we look at this, now you're up to 27 percent reporting. That's a jump from a bit earlier seems like a lot more precincts right now reporting, more of the vote at the precinct caucus sites throughout Des Moines. Trump's at 40 percent. Good battle still here second place with Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis.Polk County, that's number one out of 99, okay? So 1/5 of all the people in Iowa who caucus, they will come from Polk County where we are located here. Let me pop up here to Story County, just north of our location. Okay, we're still low here, only at 7 percent. So we have a lot of votes still to come in from Story County again, that's Ames, Iowa, Iowa State University, one of the real targets for Nikki Haley. We'll see whether or not she can be successful there.Pop out here again, okay, I mean, you know, dealers choice, right? Do you like Jackson County? If you do, Trump at 62 percent reporting is up upwards of 73 percent.Let's go back in time here a little a little bit eight years ago and see what this county did. It's pretty good battle with Ted Cruz, again we see this throughout the entire state going back eight years ago, doesn't tell us a lot I don't think.Yeah, Trump won the county by 41 votes all right, 4.4 percent, but there was a lot more competition eight years ago. You had 10 different candidates in the state of Iowa.Sean, I want to show you this. I would anticipate for the most part, this map will fill in to be red throughout the entire evening. We'll see what happens right here with the orange and Nikki Haley in Story County. Let me try and do this for you a moment.This is the election -- not 2012, we want 2020. See this map, I mean, it could break that way throughout the entire night. There were only six counties that Trump lost and in his bid against Joe Biden winning the state by about eight points.You go back to let's see this 2012 now where Obama, Mitt Romney, and this really goes to the point about Iowa really moving into the red category, right? This was 2012, Iowa goes with Obama. Four years later, work with me, okay, 2016, you see the shift? I mean watch it again, that was 12 years ago, and now, you're 2016, and I just showed you 2020.So Trump changed the state, he made it red. It's going to stay red and he's hoping to get to percentage points and that really is the story here at quarter to 10:00, 9:46 in the evening, Sean. And we'll get -- we'll get more briefly, okay?HANNITY: All right. We're going to get a lot more information. Bill Hemmer at the big board tonight. Thank you as always.Joining us now right here in Des Moines, Iowa, Congressman Ronny Jackson, Congressman Jim Jordan, guys, good to see you, both supporting Donald Trump.Big night for President Trump tonight.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah, it sure was. I think the people in Iowa see what the American people see as well and that is, you know, in a -- in a three-year time frame, we went from a secure border to no border. We went from safe streets to record crime. We went from $2 gas to $3, $4, $5 gas.And maybe most importantly, we went from stable prices to record inflation, and I haven't even got into foreign policy.So --HANNITY: What would you like to talk about? The war in Europe, the war in the Middle East, the territorial ambition of China, there's a lot to talk about there.JORDAN: Well, the old -- the old -- the old line is that, you know, weakness invites aggression, and that's exactly what we're seeing, you know, Hamas and Hezbollah attacking our dear and best friend, the state of Israel, and what Putin's done to Ukraine.HANNITY: Did you read that Joe Biden hung up on Netanyahu 20 days ago and they haven't spoken since? That's how we treat our top ally in the Middle East? And instead of saying, you've been attacked, we want to support you, the way you supported us after 9/11, go win the war?JORDAN: The embassy in Jerusalem and the Abraham Accords with President Trump and hanging up on Netanyahu, that's the contrast as well, so that people see that. That's why Iowa's red, like Ohio's red, I mean, that's Trump what he's done.HANNTY: I thought of you because your committee, Judiciary Committee, has been looking into the weaponization of the DOJ and the FBI, and how they've been politicized, eight out of people in Iowa said that they believe that these charges are political.JORDAN: Yeah.HANNITY: The message has gotten out.JORDAN: They believe it because that's the case. I mean, anyone can see the history of what they've done to President Trump. He has a great line's -- he's got a lot of great lines when he's out talking. We were at in Indianola with him yesterday at that rally. But he says they're coming after him because he's fighting for us. Yesterday, he changed it and I thought it was even better yesterday what he said.He says they're coming after my freedom because I'm fighting for yours, and that -- people get it. People in Iowa get it. People across the country get it. That's what's at stake and that's why he's going to win.HANNITY: People in Iowa just like the people in Ohio, salt of the earth, heart of the country.Congressman Jackson, your take?REP. RONNY JACKSON (R-TX): Yeah, I agree with Jim exactly. I think, you know, what I said at the caucus location I just came from, and there were probably like -- there was about 400 people at this -- it was two precincts that were combined together, but overwhelming enthusiasm, all of it directed at President Trump, right? I mean, he just walked away with it at the caucus site was at, and I think you know, what I got up when I said to people, I said, look, there's a lot of people that could sit in that Oval Office, but there's only one person that will sit in that Oval Office and do what has to be done in the -- in the years coming, right?He's lived it. He knows what the deep state's all about. The deep state has -- he's been the victim of it for a long time now and you know, it takes a lot of courage.HANNITY: Started the day he came down the escalator, three years.Jim Jordan, how often were you on this show and we were vindicated on everything we reported for three years. The media, the lies, the conspiracy theories they peddled, and they were never held accountable and they even in some cases like "The New York Times" got Pulitzers.JORDAN: Yeah, there was only a few of us in Congress, and there was only a few of you in the media.HANNITY: Yeah, very few, John Solomon, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett.JORDAN: God bless you for doing it.JACKSON: Honestly, if he didn't become president there would be no accountability for anything that's happened over the last few years.HANNITY: Yeah.JACKSON: The only way we get any accountability is to put Donald Trump back in the oval office.HANNITY: All right. Great to see you in Iowa.JORDAN: Thank you, guys.HANNITY: You guys are used to this cold. I'm now -- I'm in the free state of Florida where it's a lot warmer.JORDAN: Yeah, this is mid --HANNITY: I never thought it would make that much press either.Anyway, guys, good to see you as always. Thanks for being available to us. We appreciate it.JORDAN: You bet. Take care.HANNITY: All right. Coming up, we are awaiting Donald Trump's remarks right after this big win in Iowa tonight. Stay with us on this edition of "Hannity".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Welcome back to "Hannity" from Des Moines, Iowa, tonight. Huge night for Donald Trump here in this state and we are awaiting his remarks momentarily.First, joining us now, the co-host of the hit show "The Five", Jessica Tarlov, former senior adviser to President Trump, Steven Miller, and the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", Tomi Lahren.Good to have you all.Jessica, let's get your take tonight and did Joe Biden make a mistake by saying, oh, I'm going to you know forego tradition, Iowa being the first in the nation caucus, and then New Hampshire, first in the nation primary. I think he made a big mistake.JESSICA TARLOV, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": Well, traditionally, if you're an incumbent, you have the infrastructure behind you anyway and he wouldn't be running at this point, whether Iowa was first or not.HANNITY: He specifically purposely bypassed it.TARLOV: Iowa did a really bad job for Democrats in 2020. I was sitting on the set until 2:00, 3:00 in the morning because they couldn't count the votes. The head of the party had to come out and apologize and say that they completely bungled it.I think that when you look at who Joe Biden's base is, you look at where the party is and how important --HANNITY: If it wasn't for James Clyburn in South Carolina, he would not be president.TARLOV: A hundred percent agree with that. He was definitely the king maker in all of this and people who were on the Biden campaign -- I remember going to Biden events here in Iowa and then in New Hampshire, you know, little hang in your head and Clyburn said, show up in South Carolina, we're going to take care of it, and they obviously did and ended up being a great win for him.But it's nice to be here in all the tradition. I'm not surprised that Donald Trump is winning. I'm interested in that 50 percent threshold and then obviously what's happening was second place, but no doubt Iowa Republicans love Trump.HANNITY: Yeah, let's get your take, Tomi Lahren.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Well, you know, Sean, I'm from South Dakota and South Dakotans and those in Iowa, they're very similar kind of people and they are as you mentioned earlier bread and butter type people, and they are still very much MAGA Republicans. They are very much for Donald Trump and they use that as a positive, by the way. They love Donald Trump and they love considering themselves MAGA Republicans.I think this also shows that Republicans have kind of a real big choice ahead. Do we all galvanize around Donald Trump now or do we wait a month or a few weeks? And I think even as someone who is a big supporter of Ron DeSantis, I think that tonight with this decisive victory for Donald Trump, I think it is time for Republicans to galvanize behind Donald Trump. I do believe he's going to be our nominee, so it's time to set our sights on the general and let's get to work.HANNITY: Yeah.Stephen Miller, you've been with Donald Trump a long time. You were his chief speech writer, top strategist of his, you know his mind. For -- if you go back to 2016 and I was here and I can tell you that the organization between then and now is night and day. You got to give a lot of credit to the people around the president, I guess starting with Susie Wilds and the rest of his team. They have taken this very seriously.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: President Trump's team that he has put together is truly world class. Let's not mince word, Sean. This is a thunderous victory tonight, history-making, history- shaking. We've seen a lot of stunning things over the last eight years, tonight is one of the most astonishing.But the man who deserves all the credit is the man who has for three years put up with the most relentless persecution and for four years before that, one persecution, one witch hunt after another. DOJ and the Democrat prosecutors tried to kneecap this man before Iowa and here he stands tonight not just a top the field but by a margin that no one can remember.This really is, Sean, an unprecedented event and it shows how resilient, how determined, how committed, how strong this man is right now, Donald Trump.HANNITY: Yeah, I'll tell you, certainly a big night. It'll be interesting to watch, second place, what that means. Governor DeSantis also had a very good organization throughout Iowa, went to all 99 counties. We'll see what happens as night unfolds. President Trump is expected to speak sometime this evening.Good to see you all. Thank you.Unfortunately that's all the time we have left. From Des Moines, Iowa, thank you for being with us. Please stay with the FOX News Channel for continuing coverage of the Iowa caucuses.And don't forget, please to set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". In the meantime, stay tuned. Our coverage continues. Bret and Martha are taking over from here. Have a great night.