NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The fact is, it's a big game and a big moment, and the people who are picking them apart, they're not in a Super Bowl, aren't they?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: No, and they would also never say it to his face.CAVUTO: No, keep fighting on Patrick. You're doing a fine job. Here's THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Richard Fowler, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Governor Gavin Newsom would like to speak to the manager, the liberal governor earning the nickname of California Karen after snitching on a Target employee. Newsom was recalling a time when he personally witnessed a brazen theft unfold in the store and overheard an employee blaming him for it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): The woman says, oh, he's just walking out. He didn't pay for that. I said, well, why aren't you stopping him? She goes, oh, the governor, swear to God, true story, on my mom's grave. The governor lowered the threshold. There's no -- there's no -- there's no accountability. There's no -- I said, that's just not true.She looks at me twice. And then she freaks out. She calls everyone over, wants to take photos. I'm like, no, I'm not taking a photo. We're having a conversation. Where's your manager? How are you blaming the governor? And it was, you know, $380 later, and I was like, why am I spending $380? Everyone can walk the hell right out.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Right. But Newsom seems to be oblivious to the laws in his own state, namely Proposition 47. That's the law that many say embolden the criminals by letting them steal up to $950 worth of goods without facing any serious consequences. Retailers aren't the only businesses suffering. And Denny's and Oakland is shutting its doors for good after 54 years due to soaring crime. So there goes your grand slam.And Walgreens is closing down multiple locations across Boston. Well, that struck a nerve with Squad Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley who seems to blame racial discrimination.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. AYANNA PRESSLEY (D-MA): These closures are not arbitrary and they are not innocent. They are life-threatening acts of racial and economic discrimination. Shame on you Walgreens. Walgreens is a multibillion-dollar corporation that needs to put their money where their mouth is and stop divesting from black and brown communities.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: They are making this week feel very long, Greg. They make this week feel long.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, it's Thursday. It is Thursday.PERINO: It is Thursday. Governor Newsom, oblivious.GUTFELD: I think he's amazing. I think we found three words that best describe him. Where's the manager? America needed a name for a male Karen, it's Gavin. Gavin is such a great name for a male Karen. I feel bad for all the Gavins out there watching. There's probably like three or 400.But he did it. I didn't because he combines in that moment the sense of entitlement and the desire to complain, right? That's the definition of what this person is. I'm surprised he didn't pull out his phone and start filming the poor clerk who has essentially given up, it's not her fault. It's not her fault. She's just given up because she can't -- she can't -- she's not allowed to do anything because then they the insurance companies will come down.But in that moment, you saw an example of how liberal leaders are wholly divorced from the consequences of their politics, their upstream from the damages they caused, no one's stealing s cargoes from the French Laundry. They're at Target stealing, you know, razors and toothpaste. You know, all the rest of us now have when we walk into CVS, it's like we're inside a giant vending machine, everything is locked up. That's all because he lives upstream from the results of his policies.It's amazing that he's shocked about the most publicized problem in his state mass theft. And it's something he's in charge of, this is like a guy slicing onions and can't figure out why he's crying. Or a president whose wondering that how did this migrant crisis happen when he doesn't have a border?So, and the fact that he's actually claiming, hey, but we're the 10th best on crime. How does that help this person at her job? It was great. Thank you.PERINO: Thank you, Gavin.GUTFELD: Gavin.PERINO: There is a move to repeal Prop 47. This is Kamala Harris when she was A.G. that was sort of the era when the soft on crime bill came through. Now there's an effort to repeal it. 89 percent of voters support changing Prop 47 and the governor doesn't seem to be aware.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I was in target the other day and everything had been cleared off of the shelves by shoplifters, except two stacks of that sweater Greg's wearing. One thing they didn't steal.GUTFELD: Very good.WATTERS: I love Newsom and Gavin is a great name for a male Karen and he basically was like, don't you know who I am? And it was more of a blow to his ego that he wasn't recognized than the larceny that's taking place throughout the state. They are writing laws in California that make crime pay, and he's totally unaware of it.I have a suggestion for Gavin. Remember the show "Undercover Boss"? Were bosses would dress as like the regular people on shift and then they'd figure out what everybody thought of them. He should do that. Throw one of those little glasses with the nose and the mustache or even blonde wig, dress, whatever it takes, go to the homeless shelters, go to the hood, go to the restaurants and find out the truth because that's the only way he's going to find out.Now, Ayanna Pressley, she represents Roxbury, that area in Massachusetts, they're closing down a lot of Walgreens, predominantly black area, and a lot of the people that work at the Walgreens predominantly black, and they're getting ransacked, and they're assaulting employees, and they can't make money there.So, she's saying it's racist to avoid crime. If you leave a criminal- infested area, that's racist. You're supposed to stay in the crime-ridden neighborhood and let your employees and your customers get assaulted and lose money. Because that's how you fight racism, being the victim of crime.That would be like Gutfeld knocking off the McDonald's day after day after day. McDonald's then closes, I can't get a double Big Mac. And I don't blame Greg, I blame the McDonald's. No, it's the hamburglar right there, that who's guilty.PERINO: In his outfit. Judge, the other thing is that companies, especially retail companies and Starbucks, etcetera have told their employees, you can't stop people from stealing. You can't get in the way. You have to just basically sit back and let them. And if they have gotten involved, then they get fired.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: They get fired. Yes. And that shows Gavin Newsom's how egotistical he is and how unconnected he is to workers.I mean, it's not just the Karen part of it. It's, uh, you know, where call your manager when he says I'm not taking a photo, you know, he's angry because she recognizes that the governor has a role as it relates to crime and he's not doing enough.I spoke to Eric Siddall, who was one of the people who's running for D.A. against Gascon. And he said to me, you know, it's Proposition 47 is bad enough.And by the way, Gavin Newsom was lieutenant governor in 2014 when that law was passed, he didn't complain about it then. But the problem with Proposition 47, is that repeat offenders get to do it over and over and over again, and no one has addressed the fact that you get a freebie 950, 950, 950, 950. That's where the problem it, it's in the policy and the enforcement.But I do want to say that not only does Target say you can't arrest them in our store, we did that a couple of months ago. They say, you can't confront them either. And one of the employees said, you know, all we do is we simply document how much they steal.But I want to say something about Ayanna Pressley. I feel for what she's saying, because the minority community is losing the ability to have a lifeline of medications from drugstores that they desperately need.And here's where the problem is. She doesn't understand what the root cause is. The root cause is crying. And she's got to instead of going after corporate or Walgreens, she's got to say, we've got to fight crime, stop the crime, so that employees can go in and the minority community can get the medicine they want.She feels that Walgreens somehow is like a state-sponsored corporation and that Walgreens should be a charged or somehow responsible. No, this is capitalism. Go after the real problem.PERINO: Richard, it's good to have you back here. Let me just give me the floor. You can comment on anything you want.RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: There's a lot to comment on. I actually agree with the Judge. I think what the -- what the congresswoman was trying to say is in communities of color, where you see health disparities very high, and many of these communities are also health deserts, right, the idea of being able to get your prescription drugs for senior citizens a block away, it's really important.And listen, I think we do have to figure out how we work on addressing some of these crimes, and how we work on making sure that these pharmacies have the other things that they need, like lotions and soaps that are being stolen.But I also think it's important to applaud where we've been. At the beginning of the pandemic, we saw a skyrocketing crime all across the country. What we're seeing now according to the FBI is a decrease in crime. Right, violent crime has decreased eight percent, nationwide property crime has increased -- decreased 6.3 percent.In Chicago, fatal shootings have decreased 16 percent, homicides have decreased 13 percent.GUTFELD: It ran out of victims.FOWLER: In St. Louis and Baltimore, we've seen fewer murders in there. We've seen the fewest murders in the past decade. Detroit has had the least amount of murder since 1966. These are good things, and we should applaud that and now it's on, what can we do to make sure that people aren't stealing from the Walgreens and stealing from the CVS. But it's important to applaud the policies that are working to decrease many of these crimes that are already happening.In Chicago, what you're seeing is there's peace agreements between gangs, you're seeing access to more resources and communities of color where we're seeing high levels of crime to decrease folks getting into crime to begin with. All of those things are steps in the right direction.GUTFELD: What are the policies that are working? Are you talking about more policing?FOWLER: No, in some places, what you're seeing in Chicago, they're opening 24 hour rec center so that young people have someplace to go, instead of going to violent crime, you're also seeing them creating more resources in schools, right? So you can talk to a guidance counselor, you could talk to a social worker about what's happening in your home, instead of having to resort to a gang or to get help on your communities.PERINO: But on this particular issue, like, do you blame Walgreens for making the decision that they're making?FOWLER: Look, I've said all along on this particular issue. I think we have to, even when you think about cashless bail, which is one of the issues that get us to people committing the thefts that you see happening at this Walgreens, I think you have to make a distinction between crimes of desperation and people just doing stupid things. If a mom walks into a Walgreens and steals baby formula, their response is not to arrest her. The response id to get her baby --(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: That is an argument that's so old.FOWLER: No, but it's an argument that's still true. It could be old but it doesn't take away the truth of it.GUTFELD: It's not true.PIRRO: You know, I don't know a cop -- I don't know a cop who would make an arrest in that case.FOWLER: No, but there was a time that (INAUDIBLE) for stealing baby formula.GUTFELD: AOC was laughed at about two years ago for saying that.PERINO: Because somebody was stealing bread.GUTFELD: Yes, that stealing bread line. Come on, Richard.PERINO: All right and I do just want to say that we all love Gavin Hatton (PH), he's not a Karen.Ahead, one of the illegal immigrants who pounded cops to the ground and then walk free shows America exactly what he thinks of our criminal justice system and you.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's the picture that sums up all the madness in our country. One of the illegals who wailed on two NYPD officers in Times Square and got no bail, flipping not one, but two birds as he walked out of court.The 22-year-old illegal giving two middle fingers to the country that welcomed him in. He's one of the seven migrants arrested for the cop beat down.So, let me get this straight. He shows across the border, was given free shelter, beat up cops and suffered no consequences. And this is how he thanks us.And his other cop beating buddies were just as gracious, seen blowing kisses and smiling after they left court.And there was another delightful bird setting. But it looks like liberal leaders are done being embarrassed by the ungrateful illegals. New York Governor Kathy Hochul and New York City Mayor Eric Adams are ready to send these bird-flipping migrants south for the winter.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your response to the police searching for additional suspects in the Times Square attacks on police?GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): Get them all and send them back. You don't touch our police officers, you don't touch anyone.ERIC ADAMS, MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: Those who are breaking our laws, we need to reexamine the laws that don't allow us to deport them.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But some have already flew in the coop. New York Post reporting police believe four of the criminals have already hopped on a bus to California. They allegedly gave fake names to a nonprofit that helps migrants get out of the city.Judge Jeanine, if you were representing one of these illegals, would you recommend the double bird?PIRRO: Well, let me tell you this. If I were representing them, it would be in my next life. Let me just -- let me just put it this way. You're talking about flipping the bird, the middle finger. The mayor, the D.A., the president and the governor are all flipping us the middle finger. And I'll tell you why.The first problem is Alvin Bragg. Alvin Bragg didn't ask for any bail. These are classy, violent felonies. You can get bail. He didn't ask for bail. I want to know why.Number two, why didn't Alvin Bragg put this case in the grand jury so they could have been arraigned in superior court and had bail set and then they wouldn't have gone to California. That's where Alvin Bragg screwed up.Then you got Governor Hochul. Governor Hochul says yes, now it's a good idea after a reporter asked her. What I want to hear from the governor is this, I'm putting it in my governor's legislative package and I want the legislature to vote on deportation. OK.The mayor is a former cop. I don't want to hear him just talking and talking. What he's got to do is call the D.A. and say what are you doing and why are you not asking for bail?And in addition to that, the mayor should be headlining an effort to make the assault of a police officer and offense for which they can call an ICE because New York is a sanctuary city, you can only call an ICE on certain crimes.If the mayor really meant what he's saying. He could say today I want the council to change and include assault on a police officer. That's a fix there.Now, the problem with Joe Biden and is giving us a middle finger is the border. And Texas has just proved it. Since the end of January, Texas because of its border and because of what they're doing to prevent them from coming in, they've got a huge drop in immigration. And it's all coming in now through Arizona and California.And let me just say one more thing about this. These, I don't even want to call them people because they're not people. These people come here and they say they want asylum and we suckers believe it. They don't respect authority. They take authority down. One of the other ones we didn't know about yesterday was charged with resisting arrest, he pushed a cop last time a cop arrested him, in addition to their beating down arrest.So, I'm sick and tired of hearing his nonsense. They traveled 3,000 miles through the Darien Gap. It's one of the most dangerous places in the world because they want to be part of the American Dream, bull baloney, they don't want to be part of the American dream. They don't want to swear allegiance. They don't show up for their asylum hearing. And 85 percent of them who do don't get asylum.WATTERS: Richard, why won't Democrats deport people like this?FOWLER: I think they're trying to trying to.WATTERS: What do you mean they're trying to?.FOWLER: Listen, I'm going to tell you why. I mean, look, I agree with everything the Judge said.PIRRO: Again?FOWLER: I agree. Hey, listen. But here's what we know to be true. If you talk to the folks in Senator Kyrsten Sinema's office, which she briefed the press a couple of days ago, there's a border bill that the Democrats and Republicans are working to get done that would secure the border, it would end folks who cross if you cross illegally, you would go immediately to jail, and then you would be immediately deported.It would -- it would -- it would allow the federal government to biplanes to do faster deportations, right, it would hire more border personnel, it would increase the amount of immigration judges.So, right now, if somebody's seeking asylum in this country, and they get a notice to go to court, they don't see a judge until 2027. This bill would speed that up.Sadly, given all of that, we have folks in the -- in the House that say, they're going to vote no on this just because, that's problematic.PIRRO: But Joe Biden is the one who got rid of Remain in Mexico. He got rid of Remain in Mexico.FOWLER: To be fair, I'll give you that. I'll give you that. But the -- Judge, also last week in South Carolina, the president said, let's secure this border and let's pass this bill right now.WATTERS: He doesn't need Congress, he can do it himself, Richard.FOWLER: But why not have Congress do it?WATTERS: They don't need to, you can --FOWLER: To buy more planes? To hire more judges? To hire more Border Patrol?WATTERS: All right, listen, he can shut it down whenever he wants.GUTFELD: I love that photo. Can we put that up there again, the one that we just had? That is a great photo. And I love that we blurred the finger. I think we can handle it. You know, it's not like we're trying to protect the identity of his middle finger. It's not like his finger's under age.I mean, it's true. It's like I think -- I think it's important to see the reality of the situation, right? For a picture is worth thousand words, that one is worth 10 million. And it's an old adage to television if you want to see the truth, turn the sound off. I do that with Jesse's show. We take away all the ranting and raving and the politics and the grandstanding and they're shrieking. You have one singular photo that tells you everything about the basic nature of human behavior. That is they just disrespect you because they can, they disrespect you because you're weak.What you're seeing right there is how far we've gone down this path. There's no disincentives. There's no consequences. Land -- it's the land of the free for criminals. The American dream is America reamed when these people come to here.And I do think, you know, the busing of the migrants to the sanctuary cities was a brilliant move. The next step is transporting any illegal with a record to the neighborhood of the elites who support these policies, because something tells me, these migrants won't be trimming your hedges or doing your dishes.WATTERS: Dana?PERINO: Well, one thing about these guys that escaped, I think it was actually -- it will turn out to be five of them. And they use false I.D.s to get on the buses. So, there's another crime.And also, they said they're going to California. Anyone believe they're going to make it all the way to California? So, now they're going to be in some other place. Welcome to Middle America, and now they've got a problem.Hopefully, they will be too dumb to get off in a sanctuary state or a sanctuary city, and they could call ICE where they could be deported.Unless you think that Joe Biden's the only problem on the border. Today, 150 House Democrats voted against deporting illegal immigrants who commit DUIs. So, 150 Democrats voted against that today.Now, maybe there's something else in the bill, etcetera. But over and over, Republicans are putting them on record as to what they want and what they believe.WATTERS: OK, and if we're going to put anything on record, my show is pretty good with the volume down.GUTFELD: You still get the rating.WATTERS: Right?PIRRO: Yes, because you look great.WATTERS: Up next. Thank you, Judge. Joe Biden's green Jihad gets dumber. The Biden administration is now classifying Martha's Vineyard as low-income to pump up his pricey electric vehicles.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: How's this for a green energy scam? The Biden administration has classified some of the country's most elite and exclusive locales as low- income areas so they can get E.V. tax credits.The wealthy enclaves ranged from Barack Obama's favorite vacation spot of Martha's Vineyard to Joe Biden's beach house community of Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, where he keeps the Corvette among other things.Speaking of the big guy, Biden was bragging about electric buses that have been breaking down in cities across the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And so, we're going from this to this.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Woah.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We received funds from your administration $21 million to purchase electric buses and so, we are on our way to having a low to no- emission transit fleet in the city of Tucson.BIDEN: If you want to get a job done, give it to a mayor.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It's like story time at the home. And his Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm seems to be a denial as more car companies pull the plug on electric cars.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER GRANHOLM, U.S. ENERGY SECRETARY: This movement toward electrification I think is inexorable. It is happening. CEOs will tell you they're not pulling back or reversing trend in their investments. They may be slowing a little bit but honestly, I think this is all -- it's a snowball that's going downhill that is only going to accelerate.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Faster than an E.V. car. Jesse, why would they choose Martha's Vineyard. Is it so the help can get to the Estates, the rich and powerful? Is this like something selfish disguised as climate compassion?WATTERS: Well, I mean, if they can reclassify a man as a woman, they can reclassify the vineyard as the projects. They can do whatever they want, Greg. It's just words. You know the average price of a house is $2.3 million in Martha's Vineyard? I don't think Barack Obama would move to a low-income neighborhood. Same with Montauk, there's like Calvin Klein, some of Judge Jeanine's wealthy friends out there. I mean, no one really is going there without it.So, John Kerry, I think Spike Lee, all have homes here. No one in a low- income situation needs an E.V. plugin. Have you seen Johnny go to the projects? Johnny goes to the project and say, Joe Biden has just given this neighborhood $30 million, and everyone goes yes. And they -- what do you need? They go, we need new this, we need new that. And he goes, sorry you're getting an electric car plug-in. And they go what the -- no one wants this stuff.GUTFELD: Yes, it's true. Why would they do this? Is it because they figured that that neighborhood would be amenable to it?PERINO: So, these are -- they're looking for the early adopters, right, because -- and with any new technology, it takes an early adopter to be like comfortable with all the discomforts of it and the frustrations. But for these people, it's their third or fourth car.GUTFELD: Right.PERINO: And they cost $60,000. They don't care. So that -- you can afford to have something like this at the beach or on the vineyard because you took your private plane to get there.GUTFELD: That is true. Richard, it is -- it's not a replacement for anything for the rich and powerful, it's an adjunct. Is that the right term?FOWLER: An addition?GUTFELD: Yes, an addition.FOWLER: Listen, I tend to agree with that. But I think Dana makes a point, right? I think part of it is getting to early adapters. I think the other part, right, and when you look at the policy and you talk to some of the folks in the Biden Administration, they would say to you we're trying to create a national -- a network of power charging stations so you can drive from California to New York City without have to be --WATTERS: Richard, it's an island.FOWLER: Wait, wait, hold on.WATTERS: Nantucket is an island.FOWLER: Yes, Nantucket is also --WATTERS: It is this big, Richard.FOWLER: Hold on a minute. Hold on a minute.WATTERS: You just need a bike there.FOWLER: Let me -- listen, I'm going to be the explainer-in-chief here for just a second. If you look at the U.S. Census data, Nantucket and Montauk are considered rural communities, right? This -- I'm not -- I'm not lying to you. This is exactly what the Census data. So, the ideal is we need to put rural charging -- we need to put charging stations in rural communities whether it's in Mississippi or it's in New York --WATTERS: Are there any --FOWLER: Or there should be something --(CROSSTALK)PERINO: I'm not I'm trying to take it seriously but I can't.FOWLER: But you should. Listen, go to the Census data check how the explain the tracks of land.PERINO: You know, I'm not -- I'm not taking the whole idea of putting these in Martha's Vineyards.FOWLER: I'm not -- I'm not defending it. I'm telling you what the policy says, right?PERINO: It's impossible.FOWLER: I hear that. I might tend to agree with you. I'm telling you what the policy is and isn't. And I think the goal is to try to create a nationwide power charging system so you can drive your expensive Tesla across the country.PIRRO: Wait, wait I don't know what the number. I'm next.FOWLER: Go for it.PIRRO: I don't know what the -- thank you. I don't know what the number is but we did this a couple weeks ago where there was like $7 billion or something and they hadn't installed one charging station. This administration is really on their game. And that loser, Grandholm, the Energy Secretary, this thing is going to snowball. Is she kidding?First of all, the electric vehicle interest in one year went down from 49 percent to 41 percent, but among Generation Z it went from 61 to 49 percent. And all this hogwash about putting it in low-income places -- Greenwich the average price of a home is $1.9 million, OK. And what they're trying to do is if they're trying to help low-income people, they're not doing that. Because if they were, they put it in Chicago and they're not doing that.They're putting it in Martha's Vineyard and Greenwich because they're hoping that the rich people will buy that car. They're speaking to their next audience of who's going to buy the car. So, it's a bunch of nonsense. They're all full of it. And Ford production, we did this a few weeks ago, they cut production of EV cars by 50 percent. Hertz lost something like a quarter of a million or a half a million dollars in rentals. It's a nightmare.GUTFELD: All right, speaking of nightmare, up ahead, Elon Musk goes for a walk with his humanoid bot.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Should we fear the robot revolution? Elon Musk is freaking people out again after posting this video which shows him taking Tesla's life-size robot for a walk. The bot's name is Optimus. It stands about 5' 11 in tall, deadlifts 150 pounds, and runs five miles per hour. Musk envisions a future where these bots perform "unsafe, repetitive, or boring tasks."And if that tech doesn't frighten you, how about this? People are going crazy for Apple's new virtual reality goggles. The company has already sold out of its Vision Pro headsets which cost a whopping $3500.Now, Jesse, if you had $3,500 to throw away, would you get that virtual reality headset?WATTERS: No, I'm going to get an electric bike because there's a lot of places in my neighborhood I'd like to explore. And when I'm looking out the window of my car, I keep almost hitting other cars when I'm looking around. So, I'm going to go with the electric bike instead. My executive producer is buying one of these things. He's one of these tech freaks. I don't understand it. I'll let him tell me how it is.But why do we need all the migrants if we have Optimus, Judge? Optimus is going to save marriages across the country. Not only is this thing going to all of the laundry, the cooking, and the tidying up, it's going to make people less lonely. The guys can watch the game with Optimus, the wives can talk to optimists while the straighten up and do whatever. You could also have the thing spy on people. Send it to the other room. What is my wife up to? What has she been doing? Optimus, go hither.PIRRO: You know what, Greg, I got to tell you, he walks just like Joe Biden.GUTFELD: I was going to say, it looks like -- it looks like he's sharded.WATTERS: Greg.GUTFELD: You know what I mean? I think -- I think that we're right at the moment that it's a lot like -- oh, it's actually a bigger than the moment before computers, Internet, and smart phone -- smartphones. It's what -- you know, you always wish like oh, God, why couldn't I bought some Apple or Microsoft stock back then.You have the opportunity now. I mean, you're at that moment because everybody is going to have a robot. They're going to go down in price. It's going to be an affordable appliance. And the scope of this is beyond -- and I'm an idiot for not buying stock, but here's the rub. You know, robots right now are like toasters. They only live in the moment. You know, it's only you know, alive when it's on. But what happens when it's able to develop memory by learning your likes and your dislikes, your habits and your needs? That becomes its past, right? It's got its past, its present, and then when it anticipates your needs, that becomes its future.So, you have a past and a present and a future that moves, that moves and can make predictions based on all of your needs. So, what you're going to end up with is a new version of a mind, perhaps a soul that has a history and a future and understands harm and benefit. And once that happens, turning it off will be murder.And Scott Adams makes this great point. You get this guy, he's around you, he learns what you're like, he's going to develop its own politics based on yours. So, you're not -- you're going to have red bots and you're going to have blue bots. Nobody's going to want a woke bot. This will be in like 10 years you're going to have robots that are just going to be you know, marching.PIRRO: OK, Dana, what about the fact that --PERINO: Wow.GUTFELD: It's true.PIRRO: I mean, I'm watching that thing fold laundry as Greg was talking.PERINO: I know. Like, I was just -- like, I'm listening to Greg and I'm thinking --GUTFELD: Thank you for listening.PERINO: You gave a lot of thought to that. I didn't think about it that much. All I was thinking was if somebody could clean my closet and organize it for me, I'd be so happy. I would -- that would be the best. That would be the best. I need my own robot.PIRRO: But Dana, the thing is --GUTFELD: I've been talking about this forever.PERINO: No, I know. Like, you think about it. I'm mostly only just concerned about jobs. I'm like, are we prepared for this? Like, what are we going to do on the jobs front for people?PIRRO: Yes, exactly.PERINO: But I am excited for someone to clean my closet for me.PERINO: Yes, but they have to know what you know and what you like.PERINO: Well, he's going to figure out -- but the -- but the robot is going to -- she's going to know. I'm going to call it -- I'm going to call it a she just for --GUTFELD: Yes. See, it could be just like you. It'll love country music.PERINO: You know why? Because it can be both, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes, not binary.WATTERS: Richard?PIRRO: Do you think it should be in the shape of a human?FOWLER: No. But it's all -- that's already happening, Greg. We're already seeing machine learning happening when you're writing emails and like it starts to finish your emails for you based on what you've written before.PERINO: That's true.FOWLER: But I'm not going to lie. Like, even on my trip to New York today and I was in the airport, and I was like, wait the machine is now printing your bag tags and like you have to put it on yourself. I missed the days where you had like human cashiers and you had human operators when you called.PERINO: You check a bag to come to New York?FOWLER: Well, I am here for a couple of days. Don't worry about all that. And I have to keep my fabulous outfits.GUTFELD: Who needs outfits, Dana?FOWLER: Thank you. But I can do --PERINO: Even I can do it in a carry-on.FOWLER: Maybe I'm the only one, but hopefully folks at home feel the same way. I miss human interaction when you go to the grocery store. The person knows what fruit is and they know to type the number in. And you could talk to the cashier. You can ask them what size you need when you go to the store instead of having machines do all of these things for you. Having humans in stores and having human interaction and having customer service is actually done by humans.GUTFELD: Customer service now is terrible.FOWLER: Because it's all robotic.PERINO: Well, maybe CVS -- but if CVS could get some of these guys --GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Then they could open up the vending machine for you to get the deodorant.GUTFELD: Right.PERINO: Brilliant.PIRRO: Well, they say one of these robots go for about $20,000. So, you know, at some point, if you think about what it cost per hour for something, you know, for someone, the blue-collar industries are losing. I mean, the owners are winning but the employees --FOWLER: Give me the employee though.PIRRO: Yes.FOWLER: Give me the person.PIRRO: A brave 12-year-old girl swinging a snake by its tail. "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FOWLER: Welcome back. It's time for "THE FASTEST." First up, a courageous 12-year-old girl swings around a huge snake in the air after the creepy critter tried to eat her beloved guinea pig. Luckily, she was able to loosen the snake's grip from her pet.Judge Jeanine, I mean, look at the cute dog. I mean, it looks to me --PIRRO: Yes, I just saw that. Well, it's a poodle. First of all, she's got more chutzpah than the most men I know to pick up that snake. And apparently she saves the guinea pig or the father does. The snake bit the guinea pig and the father gets the guinea pig out. I mean, oh --PERINO: Where do they live?PIRRO: Oh, Australia.PERINO: Of course.FOWLER: Jesse, would you swing around the snake to save the guinea pig?WATTERS: No, the judge is right. The woman has more chutzpah than Jesse does.FOWLER: How about you, Dana?PERINO: I think like this is just, you know, like evolution. Like, there goes the thing for me. I would never have done this. But I also don't know -- how did she know to pick it up and start swinging it around?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Maybe they -- they're smart girls down there in Australia, down under.GUTFELD: Our researchers have to do a better job. They have this story wrong. If you look it up, that's her pet snake being attacked by a guinea pig. Look at it. She's trying to shake the guinea pig.By the way, this is considered exercise in Australia because like, they have -- they grow up around large reptiles and spiders -- giant spiders to them. This is like we're -- we get ladybugs and butterflies. This is what they do. Australians battle pythons the size of fire hoses every morning. Have you ever seen interviews -- news interviews, they'll be doing an interview and all of a sudden, a snake will come behind somebody and they go, who's that.FOWLER: Just another day in physical education.PERINO: And look at how they have poodles, Judge.PIRRO: Yes, I saw two of them. You know.FOWLER: Up next --GUTFELD: Those are snakes.FOWLER: We've all returned things from time to time, but this one is a little bit ridiculous. A lady brings back her couch after two years. She gets a full refund with a receipt thanks to Costco's generous return policy. Greg, I think some folks want you to return the sweater so how long have you had it, and like you know, do you have the receipt to return it?GUTFELD: This is a (INAUDIBLE) original. By the way, more to this story we're not hearing. Something happened on that couch.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: And perhaps she's getting rid of some evidence from a crime scene. There might be a body in that couch because there's something clearly wrong with a person who returns a couch. You shouldn't move a couch unless like your grandmother is trapped under it. That's my rule.PERINO: Dana, would you return a couch after two years?PERINO: No. I -- no, I would not because it's just like too much of a hassle. Like, Goodwill will not -- they won't even accept a barely used dog bed.GUTFELD: You know this.PERINO: Like, I buy expensive dog beds. They won't accept them because they're worried about bed bugs and germs. Like, what about a couch that's two years old.GUTFELD: Think of all the farts.PERINO: I know.FOWLER: I'm not sure that Costco is going to put it back on the store -- on the on the sales floor.PIRRO: I doubt they will, but I would.FOWLER: Jesse, what's your take?WATTERS: Well, Richard, funny that you asked me considering that I'm sitting right next to you. My take would be probably what you'd predict my take to be. And if you think maybe I'm buying time because I don't have a take --PERINO: Your take.FOWLER: Judge?GUTFELD: You should actually --PIRRO: You know, they could be --GUTFELD: They sell coaches there. They sell couches. You should watch the Super Bowl there.PIRRO: No. You know what? I really think that for this woman to take the couch back, there's something about that couch that she's trying to forget. I mean, maybe there was a homicide. That's where my -- and the cleaners came and they cleaned it up, OK. But you know, kudos to Costco that they give you your money back. But apparently, they make all their money when you end up being -- getting a membership. I have a membership there. I've never taken anything back.FOWLER: The membership is where it's at. And you could be a member for "ONE MORE THING" up after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time for "ONE MORE THING." This Wisconsin dad had a little slip and fall and his daughter said I know how to help you out, dad. Watch here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Dada, you have to take little steps.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I'm fine. Just -- ouch.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You need to take little steps.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: You have to take little steps when you're out on the ice. The little girl knew what she was talking about.GUTFELD: No problem for you.PERINO: I can always take little steps. Judge?PIRRO: All right, today is the first day of February which means Valentine's Day is right around the corner. Now, if you want to get back at a past lover where your relationship ended badly, this is for you. A new Jersey animal shelter is inviting you to name a feral feline after an ex for Valentine's Day and then have it spayed or neutered because something shouldn't breed is a slogan for the drive.PERINO: Thank you. I like it. $50 and do something good for animals. All right, Greg.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got another barn burner. Emily Compagno, comedian Vince August -- he used to be a judge -- Kat Timpf and of course, Tyrus.Hey, let's do this. Greg's absolutely disgusting news. This is so repulsive I hesitate to even show it but it's much like my sweater. It's an acquired taste. Check out this baby sloth. Look at him munching on a hibiscus flower upside down. This is actually at the Toucan Rescue Ranch in Costa Rica. She was rescued and left -- because she was left abandoned.And now, Marana, that's her name. I wouldn't have named it Mariana. I named it Fluffy. Loves to climb eat and grow every day. It's just disgusting.PERINO: I wonder how she swallows that food upside down.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: That's a good question. We'll get on that. We're going to do an hour special on Fox Nation on how two-fingered sloths eat. It would be hosted by Mike Rowe.PERINO: It would be riveting television.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Jesse.WATTERS: A Stalinist, a statue toppler, a pedophile explainer, an ecosexual. Just some of the people who I interviewed for my book which is going to be out March 19th, Get It Together. And if you hold your phone to the side of the screen, you might be able to see a Q.R. code emerge. There it is.GUTFELD: You interviewed a pedophile?WATTERS: A pedophile explainer. He's one of these NAMBLA types.GUTFELD: Oh, OK.WATTERS: What is it called, man attracted to boy types of person boy?PIRRO: North American Man/Boy -- North American Man/Boy Love Association.WATTERS: Yes. Drag queen's, black supremacist, this book has everything, everything. And that's why I want you to pre-order it now. Hold the phone. If you could put the phone up to the screen, it takes you right to Amazon.GUTFELD: Wow.WATTERS: I love you. Do it for me.PERINO: You have a show tonight?WATTERS: Yes, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME." It's happy DEI Thursday, everybody.PERINO: Oh, I love that. Richard.FOWLER: Hey, everybody. It's Black History Month. It's also Reggae Month. This was a month commemoration created by the country of Jamaica in 2008. Reggae Month celebrates the music impact on Jamaica's development as well as the birthday of two reggae icons, Dennis Brown and Bob Marley. Reggae's music recently celebrated its 50th anniversary and it enjoys international influence.We like to say in Jamaica, we might be a small country but reggae is a global music trend.GUTFELD: What's your favorite Dennis Brown song?FOWLER: Oh, I'm more of a Bob Marley than Dennis Brown. But I love listening to Bob Marley. And listen, Reggae music, we're also in the Grammys too. We have a Grammy category, so if you're watching the Grammys this weekend, reggae music will be there as well.PERINO: I just saw that Tracy Chapman is going to do a duet with Luke Combs with Fast Car on the Grammys. Did you know that?GUTFELD: No, I never --PERINO: You knew that because I told you during the show.GUTFELD: That is true and I tried to forget it.PERINO: OK, they're telling me that's it. How could that already be it? Anyway -- that's it for us, anyway. Have a great night! Hi, Bret!