BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Martha and me, January 10th for that town hall with former President Donald Trump from Des Moines, Iowa; special begins 9 PM Eastern, there will be questions from Iowa voters. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Hi, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle. And look, I was on a flight to LA when I saw the news. And I thought, look, as much as I needed the break, I could not let tonight pass given the importance of this moment.Now there are two big stories, we're going to hit over the next hour. First, confirming what we've been telling you now for, I think it's like well over a year, there is a new coalition of voters forming in the United States who are turning away from the bleakness and despair of the Democrat Party and toward a more populous pro-America agenda led by Donald Trump, more on that later.And then, of course, the big news out of Cambridge. You can't say, we didn't warn them. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: With each passing day that Ms. Gay remains in office, the reputation and credibility of Harvard is damaged. Tell Ms. Gay to resign and tell the MIT President Sally Kornbluth to do the same. And if they don't resign, fire them.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The truth is all four of those college presidents who had come before Congress, and then seemed to have trouble condemning genocide of Jews, they should have been forced to step down. And by the way, the lawyers who briefed them, fired. But only UPenn's Liz Magill was shown the door as you recall. And I thought to myself, if these women were thick enough to have said what they said, then why would anyone have been surprised that at least one of them wouldn't be stupid enough to commit academic fraud.And the accusations of plagiarism against Claudine Gay, they started trickling out slowly and you know, where there's smoke, there's fire. Harvard tried to cover for her by essentially waving it off as Gay's mal -- malfeasance is just an oversight that could be corrected. Remember, they said it was just instances of inadequate citation.Well, those instances neared the number 50 yesterday, not just a few words here or there, unless you think lifting full paragraphs from another author's work is cool. I guess 50 must have been the magic number though, because today Claudine Gay resigned as president. But when you read her statement, she doesn't at all sound remorseful for, or even she doesn't mention her plagiarism.But predictably, she plays the race card claiming that she has been subjected to personal attacks and threats fueled by racial animus. Well, that was exactly what the media was waiting for. And the racial arsonist himself Al Sharpton said, this is an attack on every black woman in the country who's put a crack in the glass ceiling. And then there was CNN's Jake Tapper.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: I don't think it's fair to say all of her critics were racist, but certainly a few of them were.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There are people who have come straight out and said that they believe that Claudine Gay was only appointed because she's black, because she's a woman, but especially because she's black. I can't even imagine what she's had to face.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, what she faced? What about all the candidates she beat out for the top job at Harvard, who didn't plagiarize? And perhaps, whose academic work was not steeped in victimology and infused with what seems to be a twisted racial obsession?Look, I said this from the beginning, it was clear from the get go that this controversy left unaddressed would eventually devour Harvard, and it practically did. Of course, hiring her in the first place was their first grave mistake and that has nothing to do with race, by the way. Thank you very much, and everything to do with basic competence, basic achievement.Gay's resignation tells us a lot about the rot that runs deep in some American universities. And importantly, it tells us that the hard Left isn't strong enough to protect its own people, no matter how high up they get. And if you see a hard Left person in a prestigious job, it's not because the hard Left, put them there. It's because the rich people who run the nation's major institutions want them there.And until today, the Harvard Corporation, the Board of Overseers, and most of the schools well connected, very public big donors wanted Claudine Gay to stay as president. Now people like Bill Ackman, well, he was one of the exceptions. But once the herd changed its mind, whenever that was, well, she didn't last long.In America, only populace have the energy and the wherewithal to stand up to the rich, everyone else including the hard Left and the so-called moderate Republicans, they either go along with the rich, or eventually they get crushed.So now the question is, how many other Claudine Gay's are there in academia? Answer, if you have that many fingers, I think you were created in a lab or something. Any professor or administrator of any color or any background doesn't need to be caught plagiarizing to be occupying an office that he or she never deserved. And the Ivy's aren't suddenly going to stop being woke because of one resignation.J. Larry Jameson, you might not know him, but he was the man chosen as the interim president by UPenn when it canned (ph) Liz Magill. Now he's been with the school since 2011, serving as its Executive Vice President for the Health System and the Dean of the Perelman School of Medicine.Well, here's what he's been up to since coming to Penn. After COVID and George Floyd, he made a point to ditch the traditional standards of excellence and merit that you expect in a medical school and put a focus on DEI, trying to make Penn Medicine anti-racist, equitable, diverse, and inclusive. In June 2021, he promised cultural transformation at Penn Medicine, and later he talked about the importance of rooting out racism.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)J. LARRY JAMESON, INTERIM PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA: There are risks to broaden our selection criteria. But there are also risks to not embrace a more diverse groups of future physicians. Innovation and diversity are symbiotic partners. I hope, and I believe that we have reached an inflection point in the effort to root out racism and bias in medicine. Last year's widespread outrage over racial injustice has catalyzed an ongoing movement to affect enduring change.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, my gosh. There's so much to say about this man. But of course, this all has to mean that medicine at its core, must be racist too.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMESON: Embracing diversity and inclusion will help us evolve more quickly and successfully. more diverse caregivers are essential to build trust in our profession. And this trust can accelerate closing health disparities.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, the other schools still have a shot here. Learn from this, lose the woke and go for broke, on merit, on excellence, and objective talent. There's a lot of it out there from every racial background and ethnicity. You'll be doing everyone a favor and you'll be ending the tyrannical grip of the racial spoil system that's poisoned so much of American society. And that's the Angle.Joining me now Christopher Rufo, Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute, author of America's Cultural Revolution, who was pivotal in kind of discovering a lot was going on with Claudine Gay and her plagiarism. And Victor Davis Hanson, a Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution.Chris, as I said, you're one of the big reasons why Ms. Gay's plagiarism was exposed. And why this -- this is a win, that she's out of this position. There's so much more to be discussed and to be rooted out here. Is there not?CHRIS RUFO, MANHATTAN INSTITUTE SENIOR FELLOW: Yes, that's right. Certainly, this was my initial goal to topple President Gay from the presidency of Harvard. But Harvard has to go much further. Harvard needs to abolish its DEI programs. It needs to put a permanent end to its racist admission system. It needs to pledge institutional neutrality on controversial political issues. And it needs to diversify the faculty, not on skin color, but on philosophy, on political belief, on viewpoints.That's really what Harvard needs to do to start rebalancing the institution are reporting on Claudine Gay's plagiarism, on her DEI empire, and on her absolutely botched handling of the campus antisemitism controversy shows that the institutions are weak, their ideology is a failure and we're just getting started in this campaign for reform.INGRAHAM: Yes, Victor, I think it's important that people don't claim like a premature victory here, while this is very important, that's why I decided to do the show tonight. It's very, very important. This is just one person at one university that happens to be Harvard. But tell us about what you know about how deep this really goes in the American educational psyche.VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Well, it's institutionalized and people who speak out against that are punished and they have a -- they have a fundamental contradiction, Laura, because they all claim they're preeminent and they're hyper-meritocratic and they're not, and they base decisions on hiring and retention and scholarship and admissions on race. And when you're lying like that, then the lies are not the end, they begin.So, in this case with Gay, she lied -- unfortunately to say that but numerous times, she said that she had been proactive about the plagiarism. She was always reactive. She never was proactive. She said that she had the highest standards of scholarship her whole life. She started this data misinformation and plagiarism -- plagiarism when she was a graduate student on her dissertation.She said that she couldn't speak out against antisemitism because of the First Amendment. She speaks about everything and violates the First Amendment anytime that -- it's -- any question other than antisemitism. And then she said that she even brought up the race card, as did the Harvard Corporation. When race was a reason that she was hired, not because she was fired.INGRAHAM: Right.HANSON: And then the corporation really disgraced themselves. They played the race card. And then they kind of made a snark about -- it got out in the public domain, we're the public domain. We're the ones that give them a tax-exempt endowment income, we're the ones that give them millions of dollars in federal research. We're the ones that give them guaranteed student loans, and all of a sudden, they're snarky about the public domain as if we're hicks or something, they're really arrogant.INGRAHAM: Yes. Well, Chris, what's stunning to some, but not to probably us is that it's not like she's separated from the university. She loses the top job, but she remains, Chris?RUFO: Yes, the Left --INGRAHAM: This is great.RUFO: -- takes care of its own. So, she will be demoted back down to a professorship at Harvard. She'll be allowed to retain that for now. Although, there are some serious questions that this plagiarism, the sheer quantity 40 plus instances of plagiarism could also jeopardize her tenure, could also jeopardize her professorship. But the real thing to understand, Laura, is that as conservatives, it's not just about getting rid of Claudine Gay as President of Harvard, it's about reshaping the incentives around elite culture.Harvard's Corporation board members are craven individuals, they will blow whichever way the wind blow -- whichever way the wind goes. And so, it's important that we are the wind that we take control of the set of cultural incentives that determine the elite consensus. If we can change that, if we can shame people when they need to be shamed. If we can encourage people where they need to be encouraged, we can start to reformulate these institutions that as Dr. Hanson said, so gracefully have been institutionalized with this DEI ideology.INGRAHAM: Well, Victor, also the whole diversity, equity, and inclusion movement is intertwined with anti-Americanism and I think antisemitism, the BLM was kind of part of this, very Marxist roots. And this is sadly what's come of these once incredible and still in some ways, great institutions, yet badly, badly damaged. I mean, for self-preservation, they've got to ditch this stuff.HANSON: Yes, but they can't, because they're so wedded to it. So, all they do is keep lying. And so, what do you do when you say that DEI is not racist, you start to have racist, segregated graduations, racist segregated safe spaces, racist segregated dorms, and then they have to come up with this Orwellian language to hide the lies. They call them theme houses when they're segregated. Or did you notice, Laura, when they were plagiarizing, they went first to duplicative language and now they've even gone beyond that and called it missteps. Missteps.INGRAHAM: Yes.HANSON: And now they have this lie that they're going to be stuck with a professor who's a plagiarist, when they're expelling 40 or 50 students or disciplining them for far less egregious plagiarism. That's not sustainable --INGRAHAM: Yes, if you dress up --HANSON: -- they know it.INGRAHAM: -- as -- guys, if you dress up as an Indian on Thanksgiving, and you're like a member of the lacrosse team, I mean, you're lucky to get a job after school on some of these places, right. But you're the President of Harvard, it's just, oh, you can -- you have a chance to kind of correct this and we're going to move on. Well, that didn't work out.Chris and Victor, both of you are so important in this discussion. Thank you so much. All right, coming up, we're less than two weeks away from the Iowa caucuses. We're going to be there. Governor Ron DeSantis is here on how he's planning to try to turn it all around. Plus, late tonight, President Trump appealed Maine's attempt to ban him from the state's primary ballot. Mike Davis, Horace Cooper react. New emerging details in that lawfare, more.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHENNA BELLOWS (D) MAINE SECRETARY OF STATE: The Maine legislature has delegated to me as secretary of state, the responsibility to ensure the candidates who appear on the primary ballot are qualified for the office they seek. And Section 3 of the 14th Amendment is part of the constitution, it's not an option, it's a requirement. I had a duty and an obligation to follow the constitution.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: First of all, she looks like she's created in some kind of AI Lab. That's weird. Second of all, what constitution exactly is she reading? Her only duty was to the Democrats who want Trump off the ballot, because he's leading. Late tonight, his legal team appealed Maine's transparent act of lawfare, setting the stage for this fight to go all the way to the Supreme.Joining me now, Mike Davis, founder of The Article III Project, former clerk for Justice Gorsuch; along with Horace Cooper, Chairman of Project 21. All right, Mike, this is not surprising, we did expect this however, what is Trump's argument and how is this going to get teed up to be successful?MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER OF THE ARTICLE III PROJECT: Well, Shenna Bellows is the Maine secretary of state. She is unelected. She's not a lawyer, but all of a sudden, she's become a constitutional scholar and she thinks that she has the unilateral power as this unelected non-lawyer secretary of state to take away from 360,000 Maine Republican voters their right to choose their candidates for the President of the United States.She is clearly misreading Section 3 of the 14th Amendment. The only way you can remove a candidate under Section 3 of the 14th Amendment is to bring federal criminal charges for insurrection or rebellion, get a federal grand jury to indict, a federal jury to find them guilty with evidence beyond a reasonable doubt, unanimously guilty. The federal district judge has to convict and that conviction has to be upheld on appeal. That is the only way you can move --INGRAHAM: Right.DAVIS: -- under this post-civil war constitutional amendment.INGRAHAM: Now, Horace, we could sit here for the rest of the hour, just talking about how stupid this move is, by this Maine secretary of state. I mean, she looks like she was reading like a script for some hostage tape when she was on with Blitzer last hour. But this is pure lawfare, Horace. They're seeing these polls, we're going to get into more of this, coming up. But they're seeing how this is looking for Joe Biden and the Democrats, it is not looking good.HORACE COOPER, CHAIRMAN OF PROJECT 21: This is wholly inconsistent and inviolate of any idea of due process as Western nations have embraced. You simply are not allowed. I taught constitutional law, when I was an assistant professor at George Mason University. The idea that the secretary of state can just declare that her political enemy is not welcome to be voted upon by the citizens of her state does not comport in any way with the United States constitution, not the 14th Amendment or any other provisions even under Maine law. This absolutely must be overturned.INGRAHAM: Well, first of all, Mike, we know --COOPER: And it will be.INGRAHAM: -- the Left doesn't really -- yes, it's going to be overturned, I think. But relying on a court, it's kind of risky, but Mike, the idea that the Left will hold up the constitution and act like they're -- Thomas Jefferson running in to save the country. When -- the six other days of the week, they're saying the constitution is written by a bunch of out of touch white man, right. So now it's like, well, the constitution says, they don't believe in the constitution, they never have.DAVIS: Yes, their two impeachments for nonsense --INGRAHAM: Yes.DAVIS: -- their four indictments for non-crimes, their two illegal gag orders. They're trying to bankrupt him for non-fraud. That all backfired. Now, they're just trying to throw him off the ballot. They're pretending like they're trying to protect democracy by destroying democracy.INGRAHAM: And Mike, before we go back to Horace, they -- we're still waiting for Trump to appeal the Colorado decision, right, which that could happen at any moment. But the secretary of state defended her decision again. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENA GRISWOLD (D) COLORADO SECRETARY OF STATE: My job as secretary of state is to make sure that only qualified individuals go on to the ballot. So, for example, if Arnold Schwarzenegger woke up tomorrow and decided he wanted to run for president, he would not be put on the ballot for not being a natural born citizen. We have never had a president before be in a situation where he tried to steal an election, has repeatedly attacked our democracy, incited an insurrection, and then have the gall to run for the office again.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mike?DAVIS: I would say Jena Griswold is not the brightest bulb out here in Colorado and Democrats have taken over every statewide office, including the Supreme Court. The governor, the lieutenant governor, the attorney general, the secretary of state, Colorado was lost. The Supreme Court of the United States needs to fix this, because this is establishing a dangerous precedent.INGRAHAM: All right, Horace, I mentioned this at the top of the show, but really quickly this new USA Today Suffolk poll shows massive swings in Trump's favor from key voting blocs. He now -- Biden now claims support of 63 percent of black voters, but that's a huge decline from the 87 percent, he carried in 2020. Similar bad stories among Hispanic voters. Horace, if this holds, what is this going to look like in November?COOPER: Our founders gave us the greatest concept of self-government, imagine not since the old Greek civilization has there been this idea and when it was premised on this simple idea, every single citizen gets to make the decision about the policies.We had a civil war that lost more lives than any war. We, Americans have been in to make sure that we vindicate this. It is highly rich, that the left is using the 14th Amendment, which protects and pushes back against the very claims that Democrats made in the 17th and 18th century, to then say today, in the 21st century, when Black Americans, Latinos, and women and the young people are rushing mightily to say, we want our right, to exercise self-government and for us, that means not you, Mr. Biden. That means we get to decide, shame on the Left for indulging in the ability to remove rights from people because that's how self-government works.INGRAHAM: I want to stand -- I just want to stand up and give you a standing ovation for that. But Mike, I mean, I don't know how you top what Horace just said, but young people, Hispanics and African Americans, maybe not majorities, but still a big push to the Republican side of the ledger again led by Trump.DAVIS: I don't think there's Bidenomics is working too well for young people and black people and Hispanic people. And just about any other American, it seems like maybe just the coastal elite are doing well, under Bidenomics. But the rest of us in real America definitely are notINGRAHAM: Mike, Horace, great to have you both on tonight. Thank you. All right, shocking new details about which liberal elites are being identified in the Epstein documents. That's ahead. But first, 13 days into the Iowa caucuses, Governor Ron DeSantis, he aims to make a breakaway. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: I cannot believe this, but we are less than two weeks away from the first official test, they say, of the 2024 primary season, the Iowa caucuses. Well, this could be the first step to kind of narrowing down the GOP field. The Real Clear Politics Average shows Trump leading at 51 percent in Iowa. DeSantis trails at nearly 19 percent. Haley in a distant third. She's at 16 percent.And joining me now is Florida governor and 2024 candidate Ron DeSantis, who's been all over Iowa. Governor, I know you've been -- you're hovering around that percent in Iowa now for some time, and Trump continues to dominate. Do you think Iowa, for you, is it your deciding factor?GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: No, this is a race to get the majority of the delegates. You know, we've done Iowa the way people who have done well in Iowa have done, which is be on the ground, create the organization. The polling has never predicted how the results come out because it's a caucus and it's just a different beast. And so, we're doing what it takes to win. I've been to all 99 counties and we're going to be able to do a lot more. But it's an important part of the process that you actually come and take questions from people, answer their questions, even participate in debates.And so, we're going to be participating in a debate. And CNN, the former president, has declined that. But Governor Haley is going to do it. So, it's going to be a one-on-one debate between me and Nikki Haley. So, I'm looking forward to doing that. And that'll just help the voters be able to make their best decision going forward.INGRAHAM: Governor, I have a question. Who knows how any of us would proceed if this fact were the same. But if you were leading by that same amount, would you, you know, jump over people to do debates with people who are kind of trailing by a lot? I mean, it's hard -- I think it's actually kind of an interesting question.DESANTIS: Yes, I would debate because that's what you do. This is about the people. It's not about you. And look, he's got a situation where he gets a lot of air cover from cable networks, including this one. I get that. And so, from a strategic perspective, but the question is, is that the right thing to do?No, the right thing to go is to stand and talk about your record. Why shouldn't he have to answer questions? I mean, he's running on things like deporting illegals and building a wall, but he did that in '16 and didn't get it done.So, I think he owes answers to those questions. He has not been willing to do that. Obviously, if you go by polling, it hasn't hurt. But I think now that we're in the new year, I think voters do expect you to answer those questions. I think Iowans expect you to show up and debate. I think it's going to be the same when we go into New Hampshire. I've already committed to a couple of those debates. And so, we'll see what happens.But I can tell you on the ground here, we like where the momentum that we have, and we're looking forward to it.INGRAHAM: Governor, I want to get your response to something that Vivek Ramaswamy, who's trailing by quite a bit, said about Trump's removal from the primary ballot in Maine, and, of course, in Colorado. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: If every Republican removes themselves, that nullifies Maine and it nullifies Colorado if they remove a candidate unconstitutionally from that ballot. Now, I believe in standing on principle over politics. If they remove Trump's name, my name's off too. And I call on Ron DeSantis and Nikki Haley and Chris Christie to do the same thing. Their words are cheap, action speaks louder than words. Now their unwillingness to do that, I think, reveals that they're actually complicit in part in what's happening, even if indirectly.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Your reaction to those comments, Governor. Complicit in the lawfare against Donald Trump.DESANTIS: Just absurd. I mean, I have a responsibility to accumulate delegates. I'm not going to unilaterally seat any. I'm going to win as many as I can. And I've been very clear about both of those decisions in those states. It's not consistent with the Constitution. I do expect them to get reversed. I've raised a question about Biden. I mean, if he is greenlit eight million illegals invading this country, is he eligible to be on.So, we can play this game all along. I think it's not going to end up well for our country. But I do know this, that if any or the other one of us had gotten kicked off the ballot, Trump would be spiking the football. Let's just be clear, that is just the fact of the matter.INGRAHAM: That's probably accurate. I think that's a fair -- that's a fair point. All right, there is a new ad that we're not going to play because it's so stupid, but I have to have you respond to it. Nikki Haley's Super PAC has an ad out that claims that you're phony, too lame to lead, and too weak to win, and that you're pro-China.So, you're pro-China and all those other things, given kind of what we know about Nikki Haley's position on globalization and so forth, which is a position of a lot of mainstream kind of establishment Republicans.DESANTIS: Laura, I banned China from buying land in the state of Florida. I kicked China out of our universities, these Confucius Institutes, and we've cracked on them and taking -- our trade secrets. No governor in the country has done more to stand up to the Chinese Communist Party.Nikki Haley, on the other hand, when she was governor, she was the number one governor in America of bringing the Chinese Communist Party into her state. They gave land near a military base for a Chinese company. She went to a Chinese company right in front of the Chinese flag and said that she works for them. And of course, she said China is a friend. Now she's trying to act tough because she knows how toxic those positions are with Republican primary voters.But here's the thing, her donors, these liberal donors in California and on Wall Street, they make money in China. She would not stand up to China. And so, I think, that Haley as governor, that would be the Haley you would get. So, it's a clear contrast. She's grasping at straws to try to do the nonsense.And I think what they're trying to hit me on is something that happened in Florida before I was even governor. So, you know if they're hitting you for things that your predecessor did, I must have done a pretty doggone good job.INGRAHAM: Well, it's clear that the plutocracy wants Biden versus Haley. There's no doubt about that. Governor, we'll see you in the Iowa caucuses. I can't wait to be there. Thanks so much.Any day now, we're expected to learn the names of many of those elites tied to sex criminal Jeffrey Epstein. Now, new reporting reveals Bill Clinton, big shocker, maybe, and there are quite a few numbers of times. Fox's chief breaking news correspondent, who I don't get to see enough, and we're both crying in our milk about Alabama -- roll tide. Trace Gallagher has all the details for us. Trace, what do we know about these documents?TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, we do know the list of names could drop at any second. In all, we expect there to be 187 names previously listed as John or Jane Doe. Now, yes, there could be duplicates, and many of the names are likely former employees of Jeffrey Epstein. Clearly, information is going to be embarrassing for many people on this list, but so far, no indication that prosecutors are seeking to file any further charges.But we can expect to see the names of maybe actors, well-known business people, prominent former members of government, including, as Laura said, former President Bill Clinton, who ABC News is reporting his name some 50 times.Again, no indication the former president is accused of doing anything wrong, and the Clinton spokesperson says they have no problem with the list being unsealed. But if you remember back when the flight logs were released for Jeffrey Epstein's private plane, Bill Clinton had also flown extensively on the plane. But Clinton maintains he did not see Epstein for more than a decade prior to his death and never went to Epstein's home on little St. James Island where a lot of the nefarious activity actually happened.Now the name's being released, all part of a lawsuit filed against Ghislaine Maxwell. She, in 2021, was sentenced to 20 years in prison for sex trafficking teenage girls. In the lawsuit, a woman named Virginia Giuffre accused Ghislaine Maxwell of facilitating her sexual abuse. Now remember, Giuffre is the same person who accused Prince Andrew of sexually abusing her when she was 17 years old.In 2005, Jeffrey Epstein himself convicted of having sex with underage girls. It will be very interesting, Laura, to find out if any of these names on the list were actually hanging out with Jeffrey Epstein post 2005.INGRAHAM: This is the longest reveal. It feels like, where's the black book? People have been asking this question for, it's like, where's the Lindbergh baby? I mean, it's like, right? We'll see. Trey, so great to see you in person. That was a tough game.All right, the Biden administration's new move tonight that makes it easier, yes, easier, for illegals to cross the border. Border Patrol's Brandon Judd reacts to this and a lot more, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: We're affirming our region-wide approach to share responsibility for managing the challenges of unprecedented migration flows. Enforcing our immigration laws in humane and effective ways that deter dangerous, irregular migration and disrupts traffickers.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yeah, he was sleeping when he gave those remarks. You could see it. Rem cycle. But did you hear what he said at the end? Irregular migration. Now Biden took those words for a test drive. That was in November. And it seems like the entire administration's adopting it as its new go-to phrase for what's obviously just an ongoing invasion of the United States.Now Blinken, he's been using it. And even Secretary Mayorkas, remember it's not a crisis, he's tweeting it out. Here's what they think is irregular. Last month, again, these numbers become kind of meaningless because we're just -- of course, this many. But the highest monthly total ever recorded of illegals crossing our border, since October 1st, more than 785,000 people have been intercepted at the border. That's more than the entire population of North Dakota.And the Biden administration is just getting started. They're now coming after Texas. Yeah, legally, more lawfare, trying to do something about the problem, one of the few states that can do something in problems. So, of course, that's an issue that the Biden administration wants to tackle, not the invasion itself, but go after Texas.So now Biden's asking the Supreme Court to allow Border Patrol, get this, to cut or remove razor wire along the border, making it easier for illegals.Joining us now, Brandon Judd, President of the National Border Patrol Council. Brandon, you know, I regularly, thinking of the word regular, I regularly think about the Border Patrol. I've had the chance to meet so many wonderful men and women over my many years in the media, really since 1996 when I first started covering this, when Clinton was president, down during operation gatekeeper. These are wonderful people and this is how the administration treats them that they need more impossible work to do. This is insanity.BRANDON JUDD, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL PRESIDENT: Yeah, it really is. And when you look at the what the administration's trying to do right now and getting the courts to stop -- allowing Texas to put up these this razor wire. There is not a border patrol agent out there that wants to cut this razor wire. None of us want to do that. We recognize that we have to have certain infrastructure that allows us to control our borders, and yet we're being ordered.We're being ordered by several individuals by this administration to do these things that we just absolutely don't want to do. And as long as that order is not illegal, we have to follow that order. That's just the way the laws work.So, we don't want to do that. And it puts us in a very bad position because we ultimately end up getting attacked. We get called the bad guys for facilitating everything that is happening, when in reality it comes down to this administration and its policies. They're inviting all of these people to crash our borders. They're inviting these people and they're releasing them into the United States. And that's the reason that so many people are coming in.Then on top of it, they use buzzwords that they know the mainstream media is going to eat up, that they're going to love, and they're going to continue to say, but they won't give a definition of what it is.INGRAHAM: Brandon, I don't think it's working. I was in Colorado this morning. And just talking to folks as we're traveling and where we were, I'm talking hardcore Democrats, OK? They're sick of it. I was actually blown away by how many people -- just today, I saw who obviously seemed to be in transit, perhaps from the border, and just the reactions from people.Again, you can't even blame the people for coming over. They're being invited to come over. Why wouldn't they come over? But Brandon, according to this internal alert that we obtained at Fox News, border agents in your sector of Tucson are seeing this influx of migrants from Guinea who are using fake passport to claim they're minors when they're entering the United States. Now, why are they doing that, specifically, and what's the real meaning of that little tactic?JUDD: Well, this is a very dangerous aspect of border security. These individuals do not want -- want our government to know who they are, so they're using fake passports. The criminal cartels, they are very good at generating a profit and they're very good at creating fake documents. And so, when these individuals uses fake documents, they'll get released in the United States and then they'll disappear into the shadows of society. Very dangerous aspect of border security.INGRAHAM: Brandon, this is their policy. It's not an accident. This is their policy. We appreciate it. Thank you. A Mickey Mouse slasher film? And the final frontier is trans rights. Has to be. What the Failla, Jimmy is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Oh, how fun. Now it's time for WTF, What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, his stand-up special, they're just jokes, drops tomorrow on Fox Nation. Hey, Jimmy, I came back from vacation just for you because I know that people have been waiting for this for a while. It's the Steamboat Willie version of Mickey Mouse becoming part of the public domain, which means that other versions can be made without violating copyright. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Where the hell, did he go?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Jason meets -- Jason meets Steamboat Willie Slasher. Jimmy? God, they're out of ideas in Hollywood.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX ACROSS AMERICA HOST: Yeah, are they ever. But you have to understand this is a woke Disney world where this movie takes place. So, Mickey is coming to kill you because you misgendered somebody. It's a whole different park now, Laura. Now they've got Peter Pansexual and Snow White and the Seven Inches. It's a different Disney, OK? Whether you're watching it at the movies or you're going to the park.I mean, as a parent, wasn't that the original Disney horror film, just the fact that they're charging you $38.50 for a hot pretzel? I'm still paying interest on an ice cream cone I bought in 2011. It's not pretty.INGRAHAM: Don't you love how on all the rascal scooters at Disney, they have all of the attachments? So, you can put the, you know, the 24-ounce Coca-Cola and then the, you know, the coated fried. There's like a little platform of food that you can choose from.FAILLA: Most of Disney, nowadays, is just fat people on Scooters eating turkey legs. They just --INGRAHAM: I almost got hit by one.FAILLA: You don't even go on rides. You just dodge the fat people now. No, you're right about that. I've been there. It's scary.INGRAHAM: Now, Jimmy, the next clip is from fortunes most powerful women summit in October, shocking, I wasn't there, but it's going viral now for some reason. Well, here's Lieutenant Colonel Bree Fram from the U.S. Space Force.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Inclusion is a national security imperative. We fight today, and we are going to fight in the future using brain power. And if that brain just happens to be in a trans body, you should want them all serving alongside me.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Jimmy, space can be anti-trans, you know that right?FAILLA: Listen, man, we laugh because it's a coping mechanism. But the way we're going, Laura, 20 years from now, we're going to have a military that's rolling onto the battlefield in solar-powered tanks with coexist bumper stickers on the back. And we're going to lose every war, and they're all going to come home with a trophy. Good gosh. This is terrifying.INGRAHAM: Jimmy, when you see the coexist bumper stickers, and we see them a lot here in California, they're usually kind of driven in cars, driven by women of a certain age. Usually, I don't know, a long kind of frizzled hair and usually a big floppy dog in the back. But do you stay away from them or do you engage them? Because maybe they're fun to talk to.FAILLA: No, no, I dodge them. I just had this issue. I was up in Vermont and a cop stopped me --INGRAHAM: Oh, that's the worst.FAILLA: Yeah, a cop stopped me for driving without a Subaru. It was a big deal. I was in big trouble. And I didn't have a hate has no home here sticker on the back. The irony of those people --INGRAHAM: Oh, no, that's the other one. Yes, no home. The hateful people ever put those bumper stickers on their car. It's like, we love migrants. We have -- you know, the lawn sign people they put up, we love migrants, we love all languages, we love trans, and then at the end date, but we really don't like the rest of you come, people in the country. Everyone who disagree with us, we hate.Oh, my God. If you have a lawn sign, that's not the best. Jimmy, have you ever been skiing?FAILLA: Yes.INGRAHAM: I'd like -- are you a good skier?FAILLA: No, I'm better in the lodge. My lodge game is on point. But I'll ski. I'll hang.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, Sam says I'm not allowed to ski anymore, because last time I was in this studio I had my leg up with, like, packs of ice on it. It's like, you know, an ice machine. You could hear it humming in the background.And so, I decided, just to annoy my staff, I decided to go skiing again. You see my kids and Kate Layers in the front, my old assistant. We didn't have that ski instructor. He somehow barged into our photo. But Jimmy, great to see you and thanks for joining us.