HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: To say how much they care about one another and how much they care about their teams. I hope they have a great time this weekend. Best to them and go Chief.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Tickets are expensive.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.WATTERS: And if anybody rips off their social security numbers, who is coming after him?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jason Statham.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.FORD: And Denzel.WATTERS: That's all for us tonight. Have a great night, everybody.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Good evening, welcome to Washington. I'm Shannon Bream, in for Bret Baier."BREAKING TONIGHT", serious pushback from President Biden and his team over the government report that says he is a, "elderly man with a poor memory."But in seeking to dispel that characterization, he may have reinforced it. White House correspondent Peter Doocy has our lead story tonight. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Shannon, good evening. Officials here are telling us the mistakes we have seen President Biden make this week on camera are normal, and they have nothing to do with the special counsel's findings of a president with a poor memory.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: No one in this building would say that what we saw in this report about his memory.DOOCY (voice over): Just days after mistaking him with the now dead predecessor, President Biden met with the German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, after last night's swing and a miss, leaving it up to the vice president to clean up a special counsel report that challenges President Biden's mental acuity.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The comments that were made by that prosecutor, gratuitous, inaccurate, and inappropriate.DOOCY (voice over): White House officials believe the special counsel was pressured to be tough.IAN SAMS, SPOKESPERSON, WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL: Republicans in Congress and elsewhere have been attacking prosecutors who aren't doing what Republicans want politically.DOOCY (voice over): But Democrats are doing that too.HARRIS: So, the way that the president's demeanor in that report was characterized could not be more wrong.DOOCY (voice over): Biden allies are walking a tightrope.REP. ADAM SMITH (D-WA): He is fully capable, to do the job, he is doing it well.He does not have the normal strength to go out there and campaign, you know, to do rally after rally, and conversation after conversation. And that's going to be difficult on the campaign trail.DOOCY (voice over): Difficulty describing diplomacy on display, as President Biden got mixed up talking about world leaders for the fourth time this week.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Initially, the president of Mexico, Sisi, did not want to open up the gate.DOOCY (voice over): Sisi is the president of Egypt. Something officials believe was obvious, despite what the president said.JEAN-PIERRE: He was clearly talking, -- clearly talking about Egypt, and named Sisi, and laid out his policy and the broader issues in detail. Twitter just isn't interested in that.DOOCY (voice over): Officials say one of President Biden's best defenses against questions about his age, jokes.DOOCY: And how bad is your memory, and can you continue its precedent?BIDEN: My memory is so bad, I let you to speak.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): And there are apparently more punch lines like that one coming. The press secretary told us today, many times, that the president likes to tell jokes about his age, citing another recent example where he said he was pals with Jimmy Madison.Shannon?BREAM: We know you guys are frenemies. Peter, we're glad you're over there at the White House. Thank you.All right. There are new discussions tonight about the role of the president's attorney general and the release of the Special Counsel report.Correspondent David Spunt has that part of the story tonight. Hello, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Shannon. The pressure continues to rise on both Attorney General Garland and Special Counsel Robert Hur, but for different reasons. Attorney General Garland, first received and started to read the Hur report on Monday. He submitted it with no redactions to the public.Defenders of the president say that they wish Garland spiked some of the language in the report, calling the president's memory into question.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): I think that there is a logic for that. I would want to go back to look at the statute to see you know whether that's a viable strategy, but that makes sense.SPUNT (voice over): Had Garland made one redaction or asked for one word to be changed, he would have had to explain that to Congress.He left the report as is. He did the same for the John Durham report that special counsel report last year.Robert Hur, also under fire from Democrats for including information about the president's cognitive abilities. Hur is a former U.S. Attorney in Maryland appointed by then-President Donald Trump.Democrats say that Hur crossed the line in this report.SEN. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN (D-MD): I agree with President Biden's reaction that was just totally out of bounds.(END VIDEO CLIP)SPUNT: Hur is also facing pressure from Republicans to release the transcript of the interview that he conducted with President Biden, over parts of a two-day period this past October. Fox News is told the interview was recorded and transcribed.Hur's office not commenting, but Fox News is told via a source familiar that it's unlikely Hur will release the Biden transcript in full. He is expected to testify, Shannon, in public in the coming weeks or months where he'll certainly be asked about it.Attorney General Garland also supports the idea of her testifying as he does with all special counsels. Shannon.BREAM: Alright, David Spunt for us tonight. Thank you, David.SPUNT: Thanks.BREAM: We have an exclusive interview tonight with the acting director of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement about how the president's border crisis doesn't end at the border. Here is correspondent Griff Jenkins.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)PATRICK LECHLEITNER, ACTING DIRECTOR, IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT: I deal with risk. I deal with this, every day.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Immigration and Customs Enforcement acting director Patrick Lechleitner, tells Fox exclusively, the migrant crisis is taking a real toll well beyond the southern border.LECHLEITNER: Anytime you are dealing with increased numbers, there is increased risk, this bottom line.JENKINS (voice over): In fiscal year 2023, ICE arrested more than 73,000 migrants with criminal histories with more than 290,000 associated charges.Including sexual assault, homicide, and kidnapping. They also arrested 139 known or suspected terrorists. A nearly 150 percent increase over the previous year.LECHLEITNER: We have some of the best capabilities in the world. We are doing everything we can to ensure the American public's safety.JENKINS (voice over): But it's a tough job.Four suspects in this body cam footage, of migrants beating NYPD officers remain at large.In Maryland, ICE agents snubbed an M.S.-13 gang member convicted of accessory to murder, after being released by local authorities.And in Minnesota, is apprehended a Somalian terrorist, who roamed the country free for a year until authorities matched him to a terror watch list.Compounding the problem, Lechleitner, says, state and local sanctuary jurisdictions make the job harder and more dangerous when they refuse to cooperate with federal authorities.LECHLEITNER: I want to work with any jurisdiction to put public safety, national security first. And I'm willing to talk to anyone to do it.JENKINS (voice over): But with limited resources, Lechleitner worries about the ones who get away.LECHLEITNER: It just the increasing numbers of individuals who are on our dockets, you know. So, with individuals that come through, you can only detain so many --(END VIDEOTAPE)JENKINS (on camera): And just this afternoon, Shannon, the NYPD announced they have captured a 15-year-old Venezuelan migrant, suspected of shooting a tourist and firing at cops in Times Square last night.Authorities say they crossed the border back in September and was living in a temporary shelter in New York City.Certainly, starting off this fiscal year with increased numbers all across the country. Shannon.BREAM: Did you say, 15, the suspect was?JENKINS: 15 years old.BREAM: All right, Griff, great interview. Thank you.Well, coming up shortly we're going to take you inside the DEA's biggest drug lab for a look at how the agency is fighting the fentanyl crisis.Stocks were mixed. The Dow lost 55. The S&P 500 was up 29 to close above 5,000 for the first time. NASDAQ gained 197.For the week, the Dow was up four hundredths of a percentage point. The S&P 500 gained one and a third. NASDAQ jumped two and a third.Former President Trump is about to address the National Rifle Association just hours after another major primary season victory.Senior national correspondent Rich Edson shows us. Good evening, Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Shannon.With his wins in the Nevada and Virgin Island's caucuses. Former President Trump has now won the first four Republican nominating contests that award delegates.His campaign is seizing on the special counsel report, accusing President Biden of mishandling classified documents and criticizing his mental acuity.The former president is campaigning with a reliable ally, speaking to NRA members in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania that's expected to begin soon.In 2020, the NRA spent nearly $30 million on federal elections. Most of that to back Trump towards the end of the campaign. The NRA says it's ready to get involved in this cycle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER BRIEMANN, DEPUTY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION: Many people have doubted the power of the NRA. It will be quite evident in 2024 that we remain a powerhouse in Washington, D.C. and beyond.EDSON (voice over): But the NRA appears to have less money to accomplish that. The Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington says from 2016 to 2022, NRA revenue was down 52 percent in membership dues have fallen about 59 percent.Also, New York Attorney General Letitia James is suing the NRA and its former executive vice president, Wayne LaPierre for allegedly misspending the nonprofit's money.Ahead of Trump's appearance tonight, Democrats rip the former president and the NRA, they maintain another Trump term means more assault weapons and more gun deaths.SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): The NRA was led by a grifter now that is under trial. And now the GOP is led by a grifter. That's you know in how many trials? I've lost count.(END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON (on camera): This morning, the Democratic National Committee announced a billboard campaign in Harrisburg on gun rights. The DNC says Trump is cozying up to the NRA or President Biden is focused on making community safer Shannon.BREAM: All right. Well listen into those remarks. Rich Edson, thank you.Lawyers for Special Counsel Jack Smith, want the judge in former President Trump's classified documents case to reconsider an order that could identify more than two dozen witnesses.The lawyers argued that could threaten their testimony and safety. Mr. Trump's attorneys have asked for unredacted documents to be released. The judge has issued an order delaying her initial decision.Up next, Benjamin Hall with the very latest news from the Israel-Hamas War.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX 29 in Philadelphia as the remains of a Delaware County Family and a suspected gunman are recovered from the charred remains of a home that burst into flames two days ago.A rifle was also discovered. Authorities believe it was used by a shooter to fire at responding police officers.WSVN in Miami as a small plane crashes into a vehicle as it makes an emergency landing on Interstate 75 in Collier County. Authorities say two people are dead. It's not known whether they were in the plane or on the ground. All southbound lanes were shut down.And this is live look at Port Canaveral, Florida from Fox 35. One of the big stories there tonight. The first all European private astronaut mission returns home.The crew spent an extra six days in space because of stormy weather near Florida. While in orbit, the crew conducted more than 30 experience in -- experiments in microgravity.That is tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he has ordered the military to prepare a plan for the evacuation of the population of the Southern Gaza City of Rafah ahead of an expected ground invasion. It's a move that's being heavily criticized. Correspondent Benjamin Hall joins us now with more.First of all, Benjamin, it is great to see you back out there in the trenches for us. So, welcome back to that. And I want to start with how things are feeling there on the ground. I'm going to play a little bit of what's being said by our leader, by Israel's leader, and then get your reaction.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm of the view, as you know, that the conduct of the response in Gaza -- in Gaza Strip has been over the top.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Peace and Security required total victory over Hamas. We cannot accept anything else.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Benjamin, how do you feel these tensions playing out there in the region?BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: You know, Shannon, you really are starting to see both the Biden administration and the Israeli government going in slightly two different directions. You know, Benjamin Netanyahu said from the very beginning that the very purpose of this war was to defeat Hamas, abolish Hamas make sure that the threat that they saw on October the seventh could never be felt again. And what we are seeing now as they start to move south and move into Rafah is that they are intent on trying to complete that. They want to destroy every rocket, every tunnel.And the way they see it at the moment is about 1/3 of all Hamas fighters have been either killed or injured. That's about 10,000 out of the 30,000. And for the Israeli government, that is not enough. The threat remains whether it is -- you know, until they carry on to the south.President Biden on the other hand, has been saying more and more -- be more open that too much is happening in Gaza. The death toll is rising too high. And he thinks that they should really be pulling back to a certain degree.Everyone in Israel feels that at the moment. They don't just feel the difference in the governments. They feel the difference in people.Many of the people we've been speaking to said they feel that the world is turning against them. And they want to keep reminding people of the massacre that happened on October the sixth to remind them why they're carrying this out. Because in their eyes, they say it simply cannot -- can never happen again.BREAM: Yes. And, Ben, you're there on the ground. You've been visiting these sites of the atrocities. You've been talking to people who have lived through this and others who are still waiting with the greatest hope that they'll be reunited with their loved ones.HALL: Yes. Right now, all these families -- the whole country is in this bubble in the middle. They don't feel they can recover -- they can look forward until those hostages are returned. And there is another interesting division happening in the country at the moment.The family members of the hostages, many of whom we've spoken to, first of all, they're very disappointed to have the rest of the world as viewing Gaza and what's happening there. Because they say we have to do this to get our people, back to get our families back. Have a listen to one of the sound bites from someone called Yosi, whose cousins were very young children -- the babies who were taken. Have a listen to what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOSI SCHNEIDER, COUSIN OF SHIRI BIBAS: You cannot do whatever you want. You cannot kidnap a baby. And the world keeps silence. They're making sad faces, but they keep silence. I'm asking them where is the -- this human rights organization.(END VIDEO CLIP)HALL: So, they really are trying to call out. They're trying to remind people of what happened. But there was also some growing anger among the families of the hostages towards the government because many of them now say that they would take a deal.They would take any peace deals to get their families back. And some of them feel that the government's priority is abolishing Hamas whether they feel the priority should be returning some of these hostages.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ARNON LIFSHITZ, SON OF FREED HOSTAGE: We are terrified. Basically, we're terrified. 125 days for the first priority goal that Israel to -- (INAUDIBLE) to release the hostages. We failed. Israel is a country.(END VIDEO CLIP)HALL: A failure. A failure. That's how many of them are seeing. So, there are divisions around the world. There are divisions now growing inside Israel. But for now, Benjamin Netanyahu and the government around him is intent on completing what they think is the biggest threat, and that is Hamas and their ability to run Gaza.BREAM: Well, we are grateful for your reporting there on the ground. You know the importance of being in these dangerous situations, bringing to light these stories, and getting them to people all over the globe. Your book is such a fascinating inside look at all the dangerous places that you've been. But you get to the importance of doing what you're doing.I want to play something. This is a Tucker Carlson interview with Vladimir Putin talking about Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich who is being held there. This comes to us from the Tucker Carlson network.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VLADIMIR PUTIN, RUSSIAN PRESIDENT (through a translator): He was receiving classified confidential information, and he did it covertly. Maybe he did that out of carelessness or his own initiative. Considering the sheer fact, that this qualifies as espionage. The fact has been proven as he was caught red-handed when he was receiving this information.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: And all of those allegations of spying had been denied. But, Benjamin, you know he's in a precarious position.HALL: Yes. He has, absolutely. And you're right. There has been no evidence whatsoever that he was involved in anything other than journalism. And many of us know his circle -- know his friends.Look. I know what it's like as a journalist to be attacked by the Russians. And that is exactly what's happened to Evan Gershkovich. He is being held as a pawn right now.And Vladimir Putin was very clear in his interview that hostage negotiation was on the table. In fact, he even talked specifically about a Russian who is being held inside Berlin for murder in 2019. That was a man who killed a Chechen assassin. He's been held there.So, Vladimir Putin is now very open that he will just hold these people in exchange for others. Brittney Griner was exchanged as well for someone as was Trevor Reed. But Vladimir Putin is very clear that he is holding on to them.He wants to not only silence Evan Gershkovich and use him as a human shield, but he wants to silence journalism as well. And that's why one has to keep talking about that arrest.BREAM: Well, Benjamin Hall, we are thankful to see you out there doing this job. We know you love so much. And the rest of our teams around the globe who are doing this difficult work. Thank you so much. Great to see you.HALL: Yes, you too. Thanks, Shannon.BREAM: Up next. We'll take you inside of a major DEA drug lab to talk about the Fentanyl crisis. First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Pakistan's former Prime Minister says he will seek to form a coalition government after his party trailed independent candidates backed by his rival in parliamentary election results. Nawaz Sharif told supporters he was sending his younger brother and former Premier Shehbaz Sharif to meet the leaders of other parties and invite them to join the coalition.Seven royal artifacts looted 150 years ago by British colonial forces from Ghana's ancient Asanti kingdom and kept by a U.S. Museum are being returned to the kingdom. It is the latest of a series of stolen treasured items being repatriated to several African countries.And this is a live look at Rome. One of the big stories there tonight. Hundreds of farmers with their tractors into Rome and reached the city center to protest the lack of government attention and measures to support the farming business in Italy. The farmers have gathered for days on the outskirts of Rome.To some of our other stories "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: The first tornado ever recorded in Wisconsin in the usually frigid month of February came on a day that broke records for warmth. Experts say the storms that swept across the southeastern part of the state last evening came from the perfect scenario for the type of severe weather normally seen in the late spring and summer. At least one tornado was confirmed South of Madison. And the National Weather Service is investigating reports of several more. No major injuries were reported.The five deceased Marines from this week's helicopter crash have been identified. All were assigned to Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 361. Marine Aircraft Group 16, Third Marine Aircraft Wing, and were based at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California.They are Lance Corporal Donovan Davis of Olathe, Kansas, Sergeant Alec Langen of Chandler, Arizona, Captain Benjamin Moulton of Emmett, Idaho, Captain Jack Casey of Dover, New Hampshire, and Captain Miguel Nava of Traverse City, Michigan.Tonight, we have an inside look at the government's effort to combat the Fentanyl crisis. Correspondent Bryan Llenas talked to a retired high- ranking DEA agents from inside the department's largest drug lab.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)RAY DONOVAN, FORMER DEA OPERATIONS CHIEF: This is the absolute worst epidemic that DEA has ever seen.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Inside the DEA's largest drug testing lab, you'll find boxes and bags full of millions of counterfeit prescription pills made with deadly fentanyl, mainly by the Mexican drug cartels. A record 77 million fake pills were seized by the DEA last year nationwide. That's up 52 percent since 2022. DEA chemists say seven out of ten street pills contain a potentially lethal dose of fentanyl. The cartels design the counterfeit pills to look like the real thing. Here, the left pill is authentic Xanax and the right is counterfeit.One way the cartels smuggle fentanyl through the southern border is hidden in vehicles. In October, 300,000 counterfeit prescription pills were found inside this SUV gas tank. Further north, thousands of pounds of fentanyl powder are moved to hundreds of underground mills in New York whereby machines press it into pills.Former DEA chief of operations Ray Donovan says the migrant cris is tied to the fentanyl cris.DONOVAN: The cartel controls those routes into the United States. So, those caravans, those migrants that are coming up to a certain port of entry, let's say Texas, the cartel will drive them in a direction so that they could smuggle drugs the opposite direction.LLENAS: Drug cartels are even trying to take advantage of the Taylor Swift, Travis Kelce Super Bowl mania. The DEA in New York recently seized these drug baggies with the name of the Kansas City Chiefs tight end stamped on them. The cartels are trying to market to young people primarily selling fentanyl on social media.A very frustrated Donovan says social media companies have done little to stop it.DONOVAN: We informed them. We told them about it. We were pursuing networks all over these various platforms. And there was always a reluctance.LLENAS: In New York, Bryan Llenas, FOX News.(END VIDEO TAPE)BREAM: We are just about 48 hours from kickoff for Super Bowl LVIII. It is the San Francisco 49ers against the Kansas City Chiefs in Las Vegas. Correspondent Matt Finn is there tonight. Hello, Matt.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Shannon. The Department of Homeland Security designates the Super Bowl as a level one national security event, even giving it its own federal team to assist state and local authorities here. DHS tells us right now there is no known credible threat to the Super Bowl, but it insists it is taking any and all threats seriously. Super Bowl Super Bowl LVIII is expected to generate more than $600 million in revenue and attract 330,000 visitors. We talked to some of the fans who have come here from all over the world.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We planned this a year ago. We didn't think the Niners were going to come, but we had faith in them. They're there. And it's awesome being here. It's a once in a lifetime experience.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a revenge game for us. We have been here before against the same team. We should be able to handle business.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I feel very excited. There's a buzz around Vegas at the moment. We're excited to be here. Yes, all the way from Australia.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: There's also a ton of buzz over Chief's tight end Travis Kelce's girlfriend Taylor Swift who is expected to attend Sunday's game, jetting into Vegas from Tokyo where she has a performance Saturday. We asked Kelce, given all the attention on his private life, how he is staying focused.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRAVIS KELCE, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: I love this game, and I love coming into work. I've got a lot of desire to be accountable for the ones next to me. I think everybody has -- has distractions or things in their lives that can take away from their focus and their work life. And you've just got to be able to compartmentalize that.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: And DHS Secretary Mayorkas highlighted to us the importance of clearing the airspace over this stadium on Sunday, pointing to an event a couple weeks ago at a Ravens-Chiefs games when an unidentified drone flew over the stadium. Shannon?BREAM: Matt Finn in Vegas, thank you so much.Up next, my colleague Bret Baier on the Senate roadmap. And later, the panel over worries over President Biden's mental health.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Former Maryland governor Larry Hogan is running for the U.S. Senate. Hogan says he wants to stand up to both parties, fight for Maryland, and fix what he calls the nation's broken politics.Tonight, my colleague Bret Baier provides insight into the candidates and issues that will impact the majority in the Senate. As Election Day approaches, he will dive deeper into closely contested races as part of SPECIAL REPORT's Senate Roadmap series.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks, Shannon.As the frenzy surrounding the presidential race grows, several critical election contests loom in the United States Senate. Democrats hold a fragile 51 to 49 majority, but Republicans believe they have a great opportunity, a big opportunity especially this year, to retake power. Tonight we take a look at the battle for the U.S. Senate and some key arrests with massive implications for control of the chamber.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We'll elect Democrats up and down the ticket.(APPLAUSE)SEN. STEVE DAINES, (R-MT) NATIONAL REPUBLICAN SENATORIAL COMMITTEE: This is the moment with this map where we've got to take back the United States Senate.BAIER: Less than nine months from Election Day, Republicans are betting on a standout map to carry them across the finish line.JESSICA TAYLOR, COOK POLITICAL REPORT: There is no room for error for Democrats. They have to pitch a perfect game. They cannot lose any other incumbents even if they do win the presidency.BAIER: Democrats must defend 23 of the 34 open Senate seats in November, eight of which are seen as competitive. Republicans need to flip just two seats to take control without winning the White House.MARJORIE CLIFTON, FORMER OBAMA CAMPAIGN ADVISER: If Democrats take the White House, what does that mean for those down ballot elections for the Senate seats? It puts in play that vice president deciding vote that if you have a 50-50 split Senate, that's the deciding vote.BAIER: Democrats hold seats in three states that former President Trump won in 2020, and five states Biden won by less than three points -- Arizona, Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. With West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin retiring, Republicans feel confident that his seat is a prime pickup opportunity.GOV. JIM JUSTICE, (R-WV) U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE: This nation needs us as Republicans to win.BAIER: In Montana, Democratic Senator Jon Tester is seeking a fourth term, though former President Trump won that state handily in 2020.TAYLOR: In a state that last time went 16 points for Trump, that is just a huge margin for someone like Tester to overcome.BAIER: The man in charge of the Senate GOP reelection effort sees the other seat in his state as ripe for the taking.DAINES: It was a narrow victory for Jon Tester back in 2018, just 18,000 votes he won re-election. He has never had to face Trump on the ballot, which will happen this election.BAIER: Senate Republican leadership is backing Navy Seal and businessman Tim Sheehy.TIM SHEEHY, (R) U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE: Whether it was in war or business, I see problems and solve them.BAIER: As part of its overhaul to promote candidates who can win in November.DAINES: One of our key strategies coming into the 24 election is to make sure we had candidates that could not just win a primary but could win a general election.BAIER: That strategy will be put to the test during the June 4th state primary with Representative Matt Rosendale jumping into the race.REP. MATT ROSENDALE, (R-MT) U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE: This is the people across Montana opposing the NRSC. They do not want Mitch McConnell and the NRSC selecting the next senator from the state of Montana.TAYLOR: He ran against Tester in 2018, lost. He has, of course, sort of drawn the ire of the establishment with everything he did during ousting Speaker McCarthy.BAIER: Rosendale received former President Trump's endorsement in 2018.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Very, very important that we elect Matt.BAIER: But lost to Tester by just three points.CLIFTON: The primaries are going to be a really interesting time for us to see where we get more MAGA-backed Republicans versus your more traditional Republicans.BAIER: Of the 10 highly competitive 2022 Senate races, only four Trump endorsed candidates emerged victorious.Is candidate quality this time a concern for you?DAINES: As I have always said, the most important day in an election is filing day, not Election Day. And we want conservative candidates that appeal to a broader spectrum. Think Ronald Reagan.BAIER: In Ohio, a crowded Republican field aims to beat incumbent Democrat Senator Sherrod Brown. Republican leaders in the Senate haven't backed a candidate.You've got three candidates. You've got the State Senator Matt Dolan, Secretary of State Frank LaRose, and businessman Bernie Moreno. I believe Moreno has been endorsed by former President Trump. You don't weigh in on that?DAINES: We think all three of them could win. We were working to dissuade a couple other candidates that were thinking of getting into Ohio that we saw did not get into the race.BAIER: With abortion a major focus the last election cycle in 2022, Democrats are leaning into that issue once again.KAMALA HARRIS, (D) VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Since Roe was overturned, tens of millions of Americans in red states and blue marched to the polls in defense of fundamental freedoms.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Give me a Democratic House of Representatives and give me a bigger --(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: A bigger Democratic Senate, and we will pass a new law restoring the protections of Roe v. Wade.BAIER: They are going to hit every stop, Senator. So how do Republicans figure out the messaging there?DAINES: It's important for us to get out and say that. You can't run away from the issue. You've got to look at the cameras and say this is where I stand, and not be afraid to litigate this issue in a way that independent voters, pro-choice women voters in suburban areas will say that's a reasonable position, and I can support that.CLIFTON: Who is going to show up? What kind of reaction are we getting based on a lot of abortion laws happening in that state and states like Ohio? That's going to be a factor in the election.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): How the U.S. Senate chamber looks depends on what the candidates look like come general election, and a lot can happen between now and November.Shannon, we will send it back to you.BREAM: Right you are. Bret, thank you.Up next, the panel on the increasing concerns about President Biden's age, plus Winners and Losers, and later "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, (D) VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The way that the president's demeanor in that report was characterized could not be more wrong on the facts.IAN SAMS, WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL OFFICE: The gratuitous comments in the report are troubling and they are inappropriate. But I think that the finding was the obvious one because it's the truth.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: He has joked about his age, understanding what voters might think. He jokes about it all the time.PAUL BEGALA, FORMER CLINTON CAMPAIGN STRATEGIST: This is terrible for Democrats. And anybody with a functioning brain knows that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Well, let's bring in our panel to talk about reaction to the Robert Hur report, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, Spencer Brown, managing editor of "Townhall," and Olivia Beavers, congressional reporter for "Politico." Happy Friday to all of you.OK, so "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board sees this differently than many of those commenters did there, says this, "Regarding President Biden's misuse of classified documents, the country is now asked to believe the forgetful elderly man defense. If Mr. Biden is that forgetful, how can he fulfill his presidential duties another four years?" Democrats have hard thinking to do about his candidacy, Juan.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Wow, I think that debate is long gone. It's over. The train has left the station.BREAM: In which direction?WILLIAMS: He is the candidate. He is the nominee, for better or worse.BREAM: He stays on the ticket?WILLIAMS: There's just no question. I think there is a sense within the party that there would be tumult, division, controversy, back-stabbing galore if you said, OK, it's open, who wants this? It would be fireworks, Shannon.BREAM: It would be a free-for-all, I think, for a lot of folks who maybe are sort of running shadow campaigns.Olivia, let's talk about this. This comes out last night, then we get this late in the evening kind of call, like, we are going to have a press conference. We're all wondering what's going on. The president immediately comes out and says I'm going to take questions. I'm like, wow, this could be very interesting. But how do you think that it played out with the White House, how this actually went over last night?OLIVIA BEAVERS, "POLITICO": I think it was hastily planned, and he came out swinging in a way that we don't usually see. But the problem is, right, he mixed up foreign leaders' names, and that added to already sort of a perception that his memory is -- I think one of the lines he has faulty memory and diminished faculties. And that kind of came right after. And you are already seeing Republicans taking this, Speaker Mike Johnson and all of them, saying that the memory part was the most disturbing part. So they are going to be using that as political ammunition certainly in the upcoming election.BREAM: So here's a little bit of his interaction with our Peter Doocy and some others last night.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: How bad is your memory? And can you continue as president?JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My memory is so bad I let you speak.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you fear that this report is only going to fuel further concerns about your age?BIDEN: Only by some of you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you take responsibility for being careless with classified material?BIDEN: I take responsibility for not having seen exactly what my staff was doing.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Many American people have been watching and they have expressed the concerns about your age.BIDEN: That is your judgment. That is your judgment.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Spencer, fair to say, a little testy at times.SPENCER BROWN, "TOWNHALL" MANAGING EDITOR: Quite testy, yes. Like Olivia said, we don't normally see that. Sometimes he yells in his speeches, but that was something a little different. And I think the White House obviously has to decide how they are going to play this now because, again, this was hastily thrown together. He said things that contradicted what was in the special counsel's report, and that was an issue today in the White House briefing. They didn't have an answer for it.I think they need decide whether they are going to play it as he is just this old forgetful man, or how they're going to handle the fact that he continues to contradict himself even when he is trying to make the point that he is completely competent and has everything together.BREAM: And all of this is playing out against the backdrop of new poll numbers from NBC News. They have this about President Biden's mental and physical health -- 62 percent said they had major concerns, another 14 percent said moderate concerns. Olivia, how is the White House digesting these numbers?BEAVERS: They are being quite defensive. We have been seeing for a while that some of these Democratic focus groups, this was something that they have seen more and more coming up as questions. And if you talk to some Democratic Biden aids, they will argue that it's because they are trying so hard to prevent moments like these where he comes off forgetful, and that's making him nervous. But they also argue he is better when he is on the fly and he can just be his own person, but you still get these gaffes.And so they are really hoping that, I think there is a quote from one of his old advisers that they don't hold the gaffes against him again.BREAM: Well, let's see.OK, so Juan, I want to get to this other story, a big one this week, the big story until the Hur report dropped, which was the arguments at the Supreme Court yesterday about whether President Trump can be kicked off the ballot by Colorado or essentially any other state. You had written a piece last week saying they've got to do it, they've got to kick him off it. Doesn't seem like that is going to happen based on the arguments. "Politico" says this, that his lawyer, Jonathan Mitchell, President Trump's, "delivered a buttoned-down presentation that omitted all the bombast and hyperbole the former president's legal representatives typically muster when they argue on his behalf. Mitchell's arguments were so restrained that Jackson actually suggested Trump's side might be underplaying some arguments in his favor." As we debate tonight whether it's seven-two, eight-one, nine-zero, what do you think?WILLIAMS: I think for me, as someone who thinks, I clearly saw an insurrection and I saw who was instigating this insurrection, and I can read the 14th Amendment Article Three which says that someone who has been involved in insurrection is not allowed to run for office. I would say it's a pretty clear case for people who are strict constructionists of the Constitution, and that's what the conservative majority in the court is.But the argument yesterday was clearly not along those lines. There was no debate, was this an insurrection. The debate was really about whether or not one's state decision could impact a national election, and if it's the case that you would kick off a Republican today, are you going to start kicking off Democrats tomorrow? And it seems like that's the way the court's thinking is leaning.BREAM: I want to play something. President Trump is speaking right now at the NRA. He's had a lot of reaction to arguments yesterday, the Hur report. Here's a little bit of what he said moments ago in what is essentially a campaign stop.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Joe Biden is the worst and most incompetent and most corrupt president in the history of our country.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And today I issue another warning. If crooked Joe gets four more years, his second term will make his first term look like paradise. We're not going to have a country left anymore.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Spencer, those lines getting a lot of applause. He's also going after this Hur report and saying there is a double standard with respect to President Biden. But Hur was very clear in his report, these cases are very different. There was a different level of cooperation, allegations of obstruction, all those things as well.BROWN: Yes, definitely. Obviously, the president is on home turf tonight at the NRA. That's a place where he excels, and you heard that crowd going absolutely wild. I think when it comes to the differences in these cases, obviously today at the White House you had Ian Sams, the spokesman for the White House Counsel's Office, trying to make it very clear that those are two different things and draw that distinction again. But I think the president, obviously, has an uphill battle when it comes to arguing that what happened in his case is somehow not a problem for him as it for Donald Trump, even if there aren't charges filed.BREAM: All right, can you guys do a very quick Winners and Losers? Spencer, we'll start with you.BROWN: Winner for this week, I don't know what order we're going, but winner is the NRSC, as Bret was reporting earlier, getting former Maryland Governor Larry Hogan in the race. That's going to force Democrats to play a lot harder in that state. It's not going to be an easy maintain for them. And then loser in addition to President Biden this week with the Hur report, obviously, what happened at the Supreme Court as we were discussing did not go well for those hoping that Donald Trump would get kicked off the ballot.BREAM: Even quicker, Olivia?BEAVERS: OK, the winners are people who get to watch Taylor Swift on Sunday.(LAUGHTER)BEAVERS: The losers would be House Republicans who might get do-over on the Mayorkas impeachment.BREAM: That's what happened Tuesday. Juan?WILLIAMS: I think that Representative Al Green is a winner because he got out of the hospital to cast a vote that kept Mayorkas, the Homeland Security secretary, from being impeached. And then I think a loser, Mike Johnson, the speaker, just had a very tough week. Failed to impeach Mayorkas, and also refused a border security deal that included much of what the GOP had long demanded to fix security.BREAM: Panel, you are wonderful. Thank you very much.WILLIAMS: You're welcome, Shannon.BREAM: It is Friday. Time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm well-meaning and I'm an elderly man, and I know what the hell I'm doing.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: How bad is your memory.BIDEN: My memory is so bad I let you speak.HAROLD FORD JR., FORMER TENNESSEE REPRESENTATIVE: This was a tough night for the president. And I think many in the Democratic Party are going to have serious questions going forward.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The Special Counsel used the term "willful," that he did this willfully. That implies intentionality.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm, quite frankly, a little shocked that he's lasted this long.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We always knew Nevada was a scam.TRUMP: So I would like to congratulate none of the above.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: Republicans are singing a new tune. It's an emergency, but it can wait 12 months or about until the end of time. What utter bunk.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Senate just got a hard snack down by the American people.BAIER: What this legislative back and forth over the last couple of days has been like.SEN. MARK KELLY (D-AZ): I would say it's one of my most disappointing days since being up here on Capitol Hill.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know how you keep your job when you are not doing your job securing the nation.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: This vote, the yeas are 214 and the nays are 216. The resolution is not adopted.(APPLAUSE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would say it's a clown show, but that would be a disservice to actual working clowns.TRUMP: I'm a believer in our country and I'm a believer in the Supreme Court.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't believe that the president is a get out of jail free card.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So another slow day at the office.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, our "Common Ground" segment deals with the border, the Middle East, and what is being called a disagree better campaign.And please join me for FOX NEWS SUNDAY. We will talk with Senator Tom cotton of the intel committee and ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee Democrat Adam Smith.Thank you for watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Shannon Bream in Washington. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" has you covered from every side. It is up next.