MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Good Sunday morning, everyone. Welcome to "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Maria Bartiromo. Thanks so much for joining us today.Today, my exclusive interview with President Donald Trump on the upcoming election and his plans for policy changes should he return to the White House.Also coming up, reaction from the governor of Texas. Greg Abbott is here on why the open border has become America's number one national security threat.Also ahead, South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem on the Communist Party of China and its efforts to capitalize on the wide-open border and undermine America.It's all right here, right now on "Sunday Morning Futures."And we begin this Sunday morning with my exclusive interview with President Donald Trump, with 275 days until the presidential election and just days ahead of the next GOP nomination contests, the Nevada primary on February 6 and the South Carolina primary on February 6.I met with the 45th president on Thursday at his estate in Florida amidst heightened tensions between the United States and Iran, Russia and China, and economic anxiety here at home, the backdrop all part of the reason President Trump believes he will be locking up the GOP nomination for president very soon.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I don't know what the timing is, but I know we're leading in every single state.We are going to win Nevada very easily. That will be next week. We have a situation where they forgot to apply, I guess, for Indiana. You don't -- you don't run and not apply for Indiana, a great state. And so we won Indiana, or will. And we have won just about everything we have touched.We had record numbers in -- as you know, big records in New Hampshire. And Iowa was the largest percentage anyone's ever won by. So we're having tremendous victories. And I would think that it would be soon. I would certainly think so. And we're leading Biden in virtually every poll.BARTIROMO: Let's talk about the general election. Assuming you get the nomination, it's mid-March and you have locked up that nomination, how are you going to attract independents, those anti-Trumpers? Do you have a plan?TRUMP: So, I don't know if they're really anti-Trumpers. They want -- they want security. They want safety. They want a great economy. They want a strong border.The border is a disaster. Nobody's ever seen a border like this. Look, you talk about it all the time. Nobody covers it better. But you see what's going on. We're letting millions of people -- I think the number is going to be 18 million people by the time he gets out.BARTIROMO: Wow.TRUMP: I think 18 million people. That's bigger than New York state.BARTIROMO: I'm going to get to that.TRUMP: Yes.BARTIROMO: Your critics who are with Nikki Haley said that they're not going to vote for you regardless of you getting the nomination. Do you have a plan to win over those independents are anti-Trumpers that are with Nikki Haley?TRUMP: Well, I'm winning every election by tremendous numbers. So she had a great chance in New Hampshire, because Democrats voted for her, and she still lost by 12 or 13 points.She had a -- yes, that was the one place that she had a chance, because Democrats are stupidly allowed to vote in the Republican primary and independents also. So they voted, and we beat her by a lot. Again, I get the most votes in the history of that primary.And the same thing in Iowa. She was really fighting -- she spent far more money than I spent. They -- she's got all these characters giving her a lot of money, just in the hope.BARTIROMO: You made a comment recently that you would be a dictator for day one. And you said that you would close the border and drill, drill, drill.What specifically did you mean by that?TRUMP: Well, I think you know. It was with Sean Hannity. And we were having fun. And I said, I'm going to be a dictator, because he asked me, are you really going to be a dictator? I said, absolutely. I'm going to be a dictator for one day.I didn't say from day one.BARTIROMO: Did you mean executive orders? What did that mean, is just what I'm saying.TRUMP: No, no.It's very simple. I'm going to close the border and we're going to drill, baby, drill. That's all. And then after that, I'm not going to be a dictator. Now, that was said in jest. And most people -- I'm surprised you ask that question, but most people say it was said -- if you -- if you run it along, you would say, and, after that, what I'm saying is that we're going to immediately drill, baby, drill.We're going to get energy down. And the other thing is, we're going to have a strong border. We're going to close up the border, because no country is sustainable. When you look at what's happening to our country, with people from jails and prisons, people from mental institutions and insane asylums coming in, it's -- our country is being destroyed.BARTIROMO: Well, I mean, Mr. President, the reason that I ask the question is because your critics say that that's the worry, that it's the end of democracy, it's a dictator.And I wanted you to explain what it meant. In other words, does it mean executive orders? Are you planning to use more executive orders this time than last time? Would you use an executive order to close the border?TRUMP: There's nothing wrong with executive orders. Biden's using them all the time.BARTIROMO: Right.TRUMP: I mean, to me, Biden is bad for democracy because he's incompetent.And, frankly, you take a look at what's happening to our country, our country is being destroyed before our very eyes. Of course, I'm not going to be doing that.I will say this. Four years, we had no wars. We defeated ISIS. I knocked out the biggest terrorists in the world. We had the best economy ever. I cut taxes. I cut regulations at a level. I had the biggest tax cut ever. I had the biggest regulation cut ever. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country.We never did better. We never did better. And all of the people that say, oh, never Trump, they don't even know why they're saying it. We did a job that very few people have ever done. In fact, we're getting credit for it. We rebuilt the military. We created Space Force, which is now turning out to be very essential.I said it's going to end up being maybe our most important force, because it's all going out to space now, if you look. And we are now leading Russia and China. We were way behind when I came. We had no Space Force. People thought it was a joke when I created it. Now they're saying, wow, what a great job you did.BARTIROMO: I want to go back to immigration.Walk us through your plan for immigration, because is it as easy as going back to the security that you had in place, like the remain-in-Mexico and all these other things that Joe Biden overturned? There are eight to 10 million illegals in the country right now on Joe Biden's watch.So what do you do with them? Are you going to deport them all? What's the plan?TRUMP: Well, you're going to have to deport a lot of them.It's not sustainable. And now you look, look, these countries are very smart. I know every one of the leaders of the countries, for the most part, the presidents, the dictators. I know them all. I know the kings, the queens. I know them all.These are smart people. These are streetwise people. It makes sense that they're taking people out and sending them up in caravans to the United States. And it's not just South America. It's from Africa, from Asia, from all over the world.BARTIROMO: And China, Asia.TRUMP: Yes, I mean, from all over the world. From China, they had 28,000 people in the last few months, 28,000. That's -- what's he doing, building an army?And they were mostly men, almost all men from the age of 18 to 25. So what's that all about?BARTIROMO: But are you talking about mass deportation? What do you do with the eight to 10 million people already here?TRUMP: OK, Dwight Eisenhower, believe it or not, you don't think of him as being a tough president or a great president. He was actually a very good president. He was very strong on deportation because a lot of people were coming into our country illegally and he started a big mass deportation.He dropped them very close to the border, and they came back. Then he dropped them 2,000 miles away and they didn't come back. We cannot allow scenes like I saw in New York two days ago, where policemen are being beat up by gangs of illegal immigrants, in that case from Venezuela, Honduras. We can't allow that.And these are kids that are fighters. They were not babies. They were knocking the hell out of our policemen. We can't let this happen. These are tough people. So the heads of these countries are smart.BARTIROMO: You did...(CROSSTALK)TRUMP: They're not sending the people that are doing a great job and that they love in the country. They're sending people, for the most part, that they don't want.And they're putting them into caravans. I know that because they have tried it with me, but I turned back the caravans. Look, I had the safest border in the history of our country. I built 561 miles of wall. And that was good. But I also got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers free of charge.Now, I told them that we're not going to be happy if you don't do it, we're going to put tariffs on your cars and everything else that you sell us, which is a lot, if you don't do it. And they did it. They gave us 28,000 soldiers. And we had the best border we ever had. To this day, I had the best border we have ever had.Now we have the worst border probably in the history of the world.BARTIROMO: I understand. I'm told that the Chinese are paying $35,000 a head, $50,000 a head to come to the southern border. They're paying the drug cartels this money.The number of Chinese nationals -- and they are military-aged men -- you're right -- up 1100 percent year over year. Are they being directed by the Communist Party to come here?TRUMP: I believe so. I believe so.And I believe we're going to have a terrorist attack 100 percent, 100 percent. During my term, I had no terrorist attacks. You know that, right? I had...BARTIROMO: So, they will be saboteurs? What are these...TRUMP: I had all sorts of bans on people from certain countries. I had bans all over the place. We had no attack. I had nothing.BARTIROMO: Where are we with China? How strong is China's influence on American politics, American business? Is it possible to decouple, or is it just tariffs, the way you dealt with it?You used tariffs and sanctions against China.TRUMP: I did. And I did very well with it.As you know, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes through the tariffs, taxes and tariffs, combination.BARTIROMO: Is that what you want to do again?TRUMP: We have to do it.I mean, look, their stock market almost crashed when it was announced that I won the Iowa primary in a record. And then, when I won New Hampshire, their stock market went down like crazy. So, obviously, I'm not looking to hurt China. I want to get along with China.I think it's great. But they have really taken advantage of our country. And we turned it around. We put big tariffs on steel. I saved the steel companies. And now Japan is buying U.S. Steel, U.S. Steel.You know what a name that is? That's the most important name; 50 years ago, there was no company like U.S. Steel. Now the -- Japan is buying it. I don't think I'd let that deal go through, by the way.BARTIROMO: Well, your critics are saying that you're going to start another trade war with China.TRUMP: It's not a trade war. I did great with China with everything.Look, China came in, they were going to destroy our steel industry, and I put tariffs, big tariffs, 50 percent to 100 percent, but 50 percent for the most part. It stopped it. I have steel people that every time they see me, they start to cry. They hug me. They said, you saved our industry.But now we're letting it go.BARTIROMO: Now The Washington Post is saying that you're talking about 60 percent tariffs on Chinese goods. Is that in the cards?TRUMP: No.I would say maybe it's going to be more than that, because we're going to have -- look, I want China to do great. I do. And I like President Xi a lot. He was a very good friend of mine during my term.Until...(CROSSTALK)BARTIROMO: Well, look, COVID, COVID cover-up, intellectual property theft...TRUMP: When COVID came, it was different.BARTIROMO: ... the list is long from our number one adversary.TRUMP: Sure.BARTIROMO: So, I don't know if he's a friend, but...TRUMP: When -- when -- no, but I got along with him great. I'm not sure he loved what I was doing, because I was getting along with him.BARTIROMO: I don't think he wants you in the White House, Mr. President.TRUMP: No, no, he doesn't. Their market almost crashed when I won Iowa and New Hampshire. The market went down tremendously.Look, it's not sustainable for this country to lose $500 billion a year every year, like the sun rises. We lose $500 billion a year. No country can sustain that, and we're not going to do it, because the people that ran our country allowed it to happen. They would have never sent a balloon over the United States if I were president.And you understand that.BARTIROMO: Are you saying there was never a balloon on your watch?TRUMP: Well, they tried to say there was. And now they find out that there wasn't. They would have never done it. He would have never done it.They respected our country three years ago. Today, they think our country's a joke. And it started, I think, more than anything else with Afghanistan. That was the worst display of military incompetence I have ever seen.BARTIROMO: Do you believe China will interfere or try to interfere in the presidential election? That's what John Ratcliffe said on this program a couple weeks ago.TRUMP: I think they will. And they won't be interfering on my behalf. We should go same-day voting, paper ballots, voter I.D., and no mail-in ballots.BARTIROMO: Would you try to stop China from taking over Taiwan? What would you do if they went to Taiwan?TRUMP: I won't tell you now, because that would really jeopardize my negotiating ability with China.So I don't talk about those things. It's very hard to say I would or I wouldn't. I -- they know what I do, and they know where I stand. And we won't have a problem.(END VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: Coming up, President Trump reacts to the U.S.' response to Iran, plus 45 on his running mate and the criteria he's used to identify that V.P. candidate.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back.President Trump, in this exclusive interview, tells me the most important criteria he's using to determine who will be his running mate and vice presidential hopeful.But, first, I asked the 45th president about America leading today on the world stage.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: Given all the conflicts developing overseas, if you are elected in November, what's the first thing you do to get America's strength back on the international stage?TRUMP: Well, first thing you have to do is close up the border. You can't have millions of people, and then you're going to have to do a massive deportation. You have to do it.BARTIROMO: Ms. President, I want to get back to Iran. We lost three service members...TRUMP: Yes.BARTIROMO: ... last week -- may they rest in peace -- in Jordan. An enemy drone from Iranian-backed proxies launched that deadly drone strike, killed our heroes.What should be the proper response?TRUMP: Before you go too far, would have never happened with me. I had Iran in check.Do you know, we hit them very hard for something that they did. And they had to hit back. They feel they have to do that. And I understand that. Do you know they called me to tell me, we're going to hit a certain location, but we're not going to hit it? It's going to be outside of the parameters.BARTIROMO: Who called you?TRUMP: Iran called me. Iran called me, called for me. And they let us know. And we had 16 missiles went off. I believe it was 16. Six or seven failed in the air.BARTIROMO: When was this?TRUMP: This was prior to the attack on a fort that we had where they hit back. Do you remember when they sent 18 missiles or 16 missiles? Five failed. They let us know, don't move. We're going to have to hit you back. Psychologically, we have to do that, because we hit them on something. You remember.BARTIROMO: OK.TRUMP: They sent 16 or 18 missiles. And we knew they weren't going to hit inside the fort. And the media was going -- and now I reveal it. The media was going wild, because they say it's strange. They're very accurate missiles. How come they all missed? Nobody was killed, if you remember.BARTIROMO: Yes, I do.TRUMP: With all of those missiles, nobody was killed.Now, they had to do it because they have people and they have to show strength. So they aimed the missiles, but they said, please don't attack us. We're not going to hit you. That was respect. We had respect.When we took out Soleimani, Israel was supposed to do it with us. Two days before the takeout, they said, we can't do it. We can't do it. I said, what? We can't do it. Then I had a certain general who was great. I said, so, General, do we do it ourselves? He said, we can, sir. It's up to you. I said, we will do it.But Israel was a part of it. Bibi was a big part of it. And we had everything planned, everything, because what he has done is terrible. What he did to us was terrible, killed so many of our soldiers, killed so many people. He's the father of the roadside bomb. You know that, right?And Soleimani, we can't. It just -- it was just incredible. And al- Baghdadi, I wiped him out too.BARTIROMO: Yes.TRUMP: We took out al-Baghdadi, the founder of ISIS, that nobody could find except me, and Soleimani, father of the roadside bomb.Now -- and beyond that, killed many people. He was going to attack five of our military bases. And we took him out. And we took him out without Israel, because Israel, two days before the attack, they said, we cannot participate.BARTIROMO: So, again, what should be the response from the United States? And what do you think about Biden's response?TRUMP: Well, if you're going to not want a widening war, then you're going to have to be a lot tougher initially.BARTIROMO: He showed his cards.TRUMP: Because, right now -- number one, he shouldn't even be talking about what he's going to do. He shouldn't say he's going to do anything, he's going to do much or very little.But he's incompetent. Everybody knows it. He doesn't even know. Somebody's making decisions in there. It's not him. He is very -- look, when it comes to a lot of countries, I think he's a Manchurian candidate, because he receives money from China. He gets a lot of money from China.People say, I wonder why he's so weak on China. He gets a lot of money from China.BARTIROMO: Any thoughts on a response to Iran, or you don't want to discuss it?TRUMP: I can't tell you what I do. I know exactly what I would do. It's subject to change, of course, but I know exactly what I would do.There were a lot of stories -- you covered it a long time ago -- that Iran had no money to give to Hamas or Hezbollah. They had no money. And they were all going out of business. All these terror outfits were going out of business. I said, anybody that does business buys oil, because that's their big deal, essentially business, but oil in particular, anybody that buys from Iran will do no business with the United States.Everybody stopped. They were selling almost nothing. They were almost out of business. They would have had a deal with me within two weeks after the election. Now, the deal is a very simple deal, no nuclear weapon. They could have a nuclear weapon in the next 60 days.And once they have a nuclear weapon, it's a whole different story. It's a whole different negotiation, whole different deal. And Biden allowed them to do this. He's allowed them. And now they're a very wealthy country. They are a country with over $200 billion. And they control Iraq, another stupid thing that we did.Going into Iraq was a stupid thing. Remember, I used to say, don't do it, but if you do it, keep the oil.BARTIROMO: Would you still send aid to Israel right now?TRUMP: Look, we have always got to protect Israel, in my opinion. They have been -- they're amazing people, what they have done. It's an amazing thing. And they have been loyal to us.BARTIROMO: Mr. President, when will you announce who your V.P. is?TRUMP: Not for a while.BARTIROMO: Not for a while.TRUMP: I mean, I have -- we have so many great people in the Republican Party, but not for a while.BARTIROMO: What criteria are you using to identify who your running mate is?TRUMP: Always, it's got to be one thing. It's got to be who would be a good president. I mean, you always have to think that, because, in case of emergency. Things happen, right? No matter who you are, things happen.It's got to be number one.BARTIROMO: Who is your running mate?TRUMP: Well, I have a lot of good people. We have a lot of really good people.BARTIROMO: So you haven't decided who it is?TRUMP: I have a lot of good ideas, but I haven't -- and there's no reason to do that quickly.BARTIROMO: So you haven't told that person, you're my person?TRUMP: I speak to everybody. I speak to everybody.I call Tim Scott this -- because a lot of people like Tim Scott. I called him, and I said, you're a much better candidate that for me than you are for yourself. When I watched him, he was fine, he was good, but he was very low-key, et cetera, et cetera.I watched him in the last week defending me and sticking up for me and fighting for me. I said, man, I said, you're a much better person for me than you are for yourself, because, for himself, he was low-key. For me, he's been a real tiger. He's been incredible. And others have too.BARTIROMO: So maybe it's Tim Scott?TRUMP: Well, it could be. It could be a lot of people.But it was interesting. I was watching Tim. I have been watching for a while. I watched him campaign as a candidate. But I watched him over the last two weeks. As you know, he endorsed me, fully endorsed me. He gave me a beautiful endorsement. And he has been really strong in terms of that.No, but that has nothing to do. I don't want anybody to take even any inference. But it's incredible. Kristi Noem has been incredible fighting for me. She said, I'd never run against him because I can't beat him. That was a very nice thing to say.(CROSSTALK)BARTIROMO: What was the story that your team reached out to RFK Jr.? Did you...TRUMP: It's a false story, no. It's a false story.BARTIROMO: You never reached out to RFK Jr.?TRUMP: You know what? I like him a lot. Nope, never, never happened.BARTIROMO: Is it fair to believe that you would have a number of your former officials in your new Cabinet?TRUMP: I would put some back. I will tell you, I came to Washington having spent almost no time in my life in Washington.BARTIROMO: I know. You have said it.TRUMP: And, all of a sudden, I'm president. And I wasn't into Washington society.So I was not a Washington -- I was a New York person. I was a New York builder. And, by the...BARTIROMO: But you were an outsider, and that's why I think they had it with you.TRUMP: I was a totally -- outsider.But the one problem with that, and I love the outsider thing, but you don't know people. So you're relying on other people to give you names to be the head of this, head of that. And, by the way, we had unbelievable people. We had some -- look, I rebuilt the military.BARTIROMO: Yes, but your critics say you had plenty of personnel mistakes.TRUMP: No, of course, but everybody does. Obama had. What about Biden? Look at the people running this Biden thing. The difference is, I fire people.I fired Comey. I got rid of him.BARTIROMO: You didn't fire Christopher Wray. You hired him.TRUMP: Well, I -- you know what? At the time -- I don't know. Let's see how -- let's see what the final judgment is. But I didn't fire Christopher Wray. I didn't fire people. I would have, but I fired a lot of people. I had turnover. They have no turnover right now.BARTIROMO: How do you know, if you get back in, you don't have a network of people around you working against you?TRUMP: I will. And so will anybody else that gets in as a Republican. These people are sick. These are sick people.BARTIROMO: But do you feel better this time around because you know what to expect?TRUMP: Well, I also know people that I didn't know before. I know now the smart ones. I know the dumb ones. I know the weak ones and the strong ones.I have -- I know -- I know tremendous amounts of people that I know will do a great job. But I was different. When I didn't like a job that somebody was done, I fired them, just like "The Apprentice." I said, you're fired. You have to go.BARTIROMO: What about some of your former officials? Do you see them being in this next Cabinet, Mike Pompeo, for example?TRUMP: I don't know.BARTIROMO: John Ratcliffe?TRUMP: He's fantastic. I mean, he's a great guy. John Ratcliffe has done a great job.BARTIROMO: Dr. Ben Carson?TRUMP: He's done a fantastic job.BARTIROMO: So you're expecting them to be in your Cabinet?TRUMP: Some of them, yes. I mean, if somebody did a good job, I would do that, yes.(END VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: Coming up next: So, will it really be a Trump-Biden rematch, or will the next GOP candidate face off against somebody else in November?President Trump reacts next. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back.President Trump is about to take a larger role within the Republican National Committee as he pursues the GOP nomination for president. In this exclusive interview, I asked the 45th commander in chief about some of his former officials and whether they will be part of the new Cabinet.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: You have spoken about the weaponization of law enforcement agencies, a two-tiered system of justice.We watch it.TRUMP: Yes.BARTIROMO: Who do you want to see in those roles, the A.G. or the FBI?TRUMP: I want tough people, much tougher than Bill Barr.When they said to Bill Barr that we're going to impeach you, for no reason, he went -- he got scared. You know what they do? They -- it's called playing the ref. Once they said to him, we're going to impeach you, he became like a wallflower. He was -- he was sort of finished mentally.And I got him out. I said -- even though it was late, I got him out. The Republicans have to be tougher.BARTIROMO: You talk about this optimism ahead that we could see some relief, but the RNC doesn't seem to be so strong.I mean, the Democrats have all the money. Look at what we see. We have got the Democrats actually with the money and spending it, the RNC seeking credit lines. The RNC reported its lowest bank balance at the point in any year in 2016. Comerica says Michigan GOP defaulted on a loan of half-a- million dollars.TRUMP: So, I have a lot of money.And the money that they get, people are not looking at the RNC. They want - - they want changes. I -- you have to understand, I have nothing to do with the RNC. I don't -- I'm separate.BARTIROMO: How's Ronna McDaniel doing?TRUMP: I think she did great when she ran Michigan for me. I think she did OK initially in the RNC. I would say, right now, there will probably be some changes made.BARTIROMO: You have said many policy ideas and lots of hope ahead, but you're going to need a willing partner in the Senate.Senate leadership is against you. Mitch McConnell, he's massively anti- Trump. How are you going to work with him?TRUMP: I don't know. I think Mitch McConnell wants to endorse me. That's what I hear.BARTIROMO: Really?TRUMP: John Cornyn just endorsed me. I don't know if you know that or not, but John Cornyn just endorsed me.Steve Daines is a fantastic guy, endorsed me. I have...BARTIROMO: So you think Mitch McConnell will endorse you?TRUMP: Just so you know, like, Nikki, she doesn't have any endorsements from the Senate. I have -- more than half of the Republicans have already endorsed me, and the rest of them are coming in.I don't know if he's going to endorse me. I just heard he wants to endorse me. But these are all people that are -- they're -- everybody's getting in line. They're all getting aboard. And they also see the fact that we have changed the Republican Party. The Republican Party under Trump has become a tremendous success.BARTIROMO: Are you going to be able to flip blue states, like a New York and a New Jersey?TRUMP: I think so.BARTIROMO: There's a rumor you're going to do a rally in the South Bronx.TRUMP: I think so. Yes, I think I will do that. And I think I will...BARTIROMO: And when are you going to do that?TRUMP: I think I will do one maybe at Madison Square Garden too.I think we have a chance. New York has changed a lot in the last two years. We have migrants all over the street. They're living on Madison Avenue. I mean, they -- it's -- nobody can believe what's happened to New York. The people of New York are angry. People that would have never voted for me because I'm a Republican, I mean, they're Democrats -- their parents were Democrats. They vote for Democrats.I think they're going to vote for me. So I think we're going to give New York a heavy shot. They're very unhappy in New York, what's happening. And they're unhappy with the crime. You take a look at the crime in New York, it's at record levels.The other thing is, and very importantly, New Jersey. I think New Jersey can be flipped. I think that Virginia can be flipped. I think that New Mexico can be flipped, and I think Minnesota can be flipped. And I'm not even sure that everything can't be flipped.BARTIROMO: And you're focused on Pennsylvania too.TRUMP: I did great in Pennsylvania twice.BARTIROMO: Will you pursue an investigation into the Biden family and the influence peddling that the Oversight Committee has told us about?TRUMP: I don't want to really say that. I don't think it's appropriate to say it right now, but I can tell you they have done things that are so bad in terms of weaponization.BARTIROMO: The bottom line remains, you have got 91 counts, felony counts, against you. You have got four indictments. You could be in trial this year, and you could get convicted.TRUMP: You know...BARTIROMO: Do you think about that?TRUMP: No, because it's all about courage. You have to have courage for the country.I would have -- if I didn't run, or if I was in fifth place, I wouldn't have any indictments. I wouldn't have any problem. They went after me from before I even announced, because they said, we have to do it. It's all -- these aren't indictments. These are Biden indictments.BARTIROMO: How are you going to get through it?TRUMP: Washington, D.C. -- I just get through things, whatever it is.I'm doing this for the country. I didn't need this. I could have had the greatest life. Look at this. I could have had a nice time. Instead of doing a nice, fair, but tough interview with you, I could have had a very nice time in my life. I could have enjoyed it.But I enjoy it anyway, because we're going to make America great again. This country is failing. This nation is failing. And it's incompetent people like Biden. Who wants open borders? Who wants high interest rates? Who wants bad education? Who wants all of this stuff? Who wants a woke military?Our country is going to hell. And it's an honor for me. I really say, any time I get indicted, it's an honor, because I'm doing it for you. And the people agree with it.BARTIROMO: Now, you have said you don't even think that's who you're going to face off in November.TRUMP: I don't think so.BARTIROMO: Is he going to be the nominee?TRUMP: Personally, I don't think so. With all that I'm saying, I don't think...BARTIROMO: Who is it? Who will the Democrats put up?TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, I really don't know.BARTIROMO: Poor Gavin Newsom is right out of central casting. How about Gavin?TRUMP: I watch. I watch it. Well, he is. It's...BARTIROMO: How are you going to do up against Gavin Newsom?TRUMP: I will tell you what, because he's so much (EXPLETIVE DELETED). He wants to say how wonderful. It's doing horribly. His state is doing horribly.BARTIROMO: California.TRUMP: You look at the homeless problem. You look at the people that are leaving. You have companies that are leaving. They're all leaving for other locations.I think Gavin is easy, because California is a disaster. He has been a horrible governor.BARTIROMO: What if it's Michelle Obama? How are you going to do against Michelle Obama?TRUMP: You have to see. Look, I have seen polls where she doesn't do well. She may do well. But I have seen polls where I beat her easily. I beat her by a lot.I had four great years.BARTIROMO: Is your answer to getting inflation down, drill, drill, drill, independent oil?TRUMP: Well, among other things, it's drill, drill, drill, yes.BARTIROMO: What else?TRUMP: It's drill, drill, drill.BARTIROMO: What's your answer to getting inflation down?TRUMP: There is no else. You have to get the oil.Look, I did something in Alaska that nobody could believe. I got rights to drill in Alaska on the largest oil, possibly the size of Saudi Arabia. And the first thing they did is, they voided that. They knocked out their oil leases. And now they're letting some things happen, because, if oil goes up, then he's finished.But they have been so bad and so disrespectful to that industry. It's incredible. I think this. Our country is a mess. Our borders are open and insecure. Nine months is a long time. You have a very good chance in that period of time of having World War III, because we have somebody that is not doing his job properly.He's not respected. He's laughed at all over the world. He's not doing a good job.(END VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: President Trump also told me that he believes inflation is likely to spike, given the hostilities in the Red Sea, and that, if elected again, he would not reappoint Federal Reserve Chairman Jay Powell.My thanks to former President Donald J. Trump.Up next, the man in the middle of the crisis, Texas Governor Greg Abbott, is here with reaction to President Trump and the state of affairs at the southern border, plus South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem on the rising threat of communist China and why every state has now become a border state.All coming up next, right here live on "Sunday Morning Futures."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back now.To the issue of the day, the very latest from the porous, wide-open southern border with a record 302,000 illegal migrants encountered at the southern border in December alone.President Trump just a moment ago telling me in an exclusive interview, his plan to solve the crisis at the border will include deportation of most of the 10 million illegals already here after they entered illegally under the Biden administration.Joining me right now with a reaction is the governor of Texas, Greg Abbott.Governor, thanks very much for joining us this morning.Your reaction to what you heard from President Trump?GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): Listen, the president outlined his two top priorities, which are the top priorities across the United States.One is to crack down on illegal immigration, and this is more than rhetoric on his part. He has a proven record of -- about what he did when he was president. Remember, when he was president, he implemented four policies that led to the lowest illegal border crossings in 40 years.And the second thing he talked about was drilling for more energy. This is important because it connects to the economy in the United States of America and Bidenomics inflation. First, America can and should be energy- independent.Second, most importantly, what Joe Biden is doing by his policies, he's trying to destroy the jobs of hardworking men and women in the energy sector who depend upon producing energy for a paycheck. And also, because of Joe Biden's policies, it's leading to an increase in the price of the pump that Americans are so angry about.So President Trump is honing in on the top two issues affecting Americans.BARTIROMO: Yes, and they affect Texas first before the rest of the country, right?I mean, look, just the other day, last week, President Biden canceled all of those LNG contracts. He wants to look at the way the federal government approaches those contracts. What kind of an impact is that having on Texas?ABBOTT: Well, it's going to be extraordinary.Texas is a leading LNG exporter, for one, but, for another, countries across the globe count on us for energy, ranging from the European region that, if they don't get our LNG, they may have to once again rely upon Russia for their natural gas supplies. Also, there's other countries like India and other countries across the globe where if they do not get our LNG, they may have to revert back to using coal, which obviously provides more air pollution than natural gas does.And so I got to tell you, the decision by Joe Biden literally makes no sense whatsoever. It harms the people that he's trying to connect with, but also it harms jobs in the United States of America and hinders our energy independence.BARTIROMO: Well, also questionable is the decision to allow eight to 10 million illegals from across the world into America and then give them court dates 10 years later.I want to get your take on the assessment at the border today. I know you have got a border trip coming up. You are hosting several governors from across the country at the southern border today, correct? Can you tell us about it?ABBOTT: Sure. That's correct.Maria, more than half of the governors are now joined together in support of a very important proposition. And that is, we are guaranteed by the United States Constitution the right of self-defense if states face imminent harm or invasion. Texas obviously is facing both, an imminent harm, as well as an invasion.And so these governors are rallying around Texas to support our ongoing right to self-defense and the deployment of this razor wire that has led to a massive reduction in inflow. Maria, get this. The area where we have occupied this park in Eagle Pass, Texas, that we put up the razor wire, there used to be 3,000 or 4,000 people crossing that area a day.For the past three days, we have averaged just three people crossing that area. The point is, if we put up resistance, we show that we can secure the border. Joe Biden should not be stopping that.BARTIROMO: Yes.Let me get your take on what's going on in New York. We understand now New York is going to be spending $53 million to come up with prepaid credit cards for the illegal migrants. What do you think's behind this? Why do they need prepaid credit cards?ABBOTT: It sounds like insanity is behind it, because it really is offensive.It may be the most reprehensible thing that I have seen take place over the past 48 hours, when you see police officers in New York City being beaten by illegal immigrants in this country, who should not be in the country in the first place. And then after they engage in this crime against a law enforcement officer, they are let loose back out onto the streets.What's going on in New York is outrageous, and Americans across the entire country are angry, not just about what's going on in New York, but the underlying cause for it, which is Joe Biden's open border policies.BARTIROMO: And why do you think Joe Biden has this open border policy? What is your thinking in terms of why he continues to do this?In the last two weeks, the president said he's known that the border is not secure. He's known it for 10 years, he said. He says he doesn't have the power, even though, on day one, he walked into the Oval Office and reversed all of President Trump's security at the border.ABBOTT: Yes, so you make a very important point, and that is, Biden says he needs Congress to give him the power to do whatever he needs to do to secure the border.The fact is, is, we all saw from what President Trump did the president of the United States has the power. I must emphasize this. There is an obligation, there are laws in the United States that require the president to deny illegal entry of any illegal immigrant.And then, if they do get into the United States, he has a legal obligation to detain those illegal immigrants. Joe Biden is failing at both of those duties, and that's exactly what gives Texas the authority to make sure that we can step up and secure our own border and protect our own state through self-defense.BARTIROMO: Governor, we will be watching your efforts to secure the border in Texas and for America.We so appreciate your time this morning. Thank you, sir.ABBOTT: Thank you, Maria.BARTIROMO: Texas Governor Greg Abbott this morning.Coming up next, South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem is here on what's at stake for America in November's presidential election.Back in a minute.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back.We are now 275 days away from what political pundits are calling the most consequential presidential election in U.S. history.Joining me right now with reaction is South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem, who is also the author of the forthcoming book "No Going Back," which is slated to be released this may.Governor, good to have you. Thanks very much for being here this morning.GOV. KRISTI NOEM (R-SD): Absolutely. Thanks for inviting me, Maria.BARTIROMO: So let me get your take first on President Trump. Has he contacted you about potentially being his running mate?NOEM: No, we talk all the time, but we have never had that conversation.BARTIROMO: All right.NOEM: I just talk about ways that we could really help our country during this critical time in history.BARTIROMO: So, Governor, tell us about this critical time.What kind of stakes do you see in 275 days with the upcoming presidential election?NOEM: Well, just look at what we have gone through the last four years. We saw governments and the president break federal law. We saw them take away fundamental freedoms that are protected in our Constitution, our freedom of assembly, our freedom of religion, freedom of speech.Now we see the president undermining our country by allowing this invasion at the southern border. And it's destabilizing our country. So you look at how quickly America is becoming more and more uncertain every single day, the fact we continue to borrow money from China to run our government, and then we're just handing it out to people who aren't even citizens here.It's a very consequential time, because it's escalating so quickly. And if we don't shut this down, get a new leader in the White House that loves this country, I don't know how long it'll be around.BARTIROMO: And, of course, you have endorsed President Trump.I want to get your take on what he said regarding communist China. You have been very good pushing back against the communist China -- Chinese Party's efforts to acquire land in your state. Tell me what's at stake.NOEM: Well, we have been fighting to make sure that China can't own our property, but that's just based on the knowledge that the last 30 years I have worked in policy.I have seen them buy up our fertilizer companies. I saw China buy up chemical companies. They own our processing systems for our food supply. Very concerned that, if they buy the land, they will complete that cycle, and when they control our food, they will control us.Now, remember everything that China does every day to undermine America. They manipulate their currency. They steal our I.P. I believe they're using the southern border to get people into this country to collect data and to spy on us. They're not just using balloons. They're using every tool that they have. And that's the people of the CCP that are in here gathering information in our communities that they will use against us.Remember, China has had a plan for thousands of years to be a world power, one dominating world power, and that is their goal, and they will put their people through horrific things in order to make that happen.(CROSSTALK)BARTIROMO: Well, I mean, you make a good point, because you can't just pick up and leave communist China. You need to have approval for that.NOEM: Right.BARTIROMO: President Trump just told me a moment ago he does believe that these military-aged men who are showing up at the southern border from China are being directed by the Communist Party.Is that what you're saying as well?NOEM: Absolutely.I was down there a few days ago, Maria. And, remember, three years ago, I was the very first governor in this country to send my National Guard to the southern border, because I believe it is a war zone. But when I was down there just a few days ago, the vast majority of people I saw crossing the border at that point in time was military-aged men.And the reason that the federal government went after Texas was because they'd actually figured out a way to put up the razor wire that was impenetrable, that people could not get through. They said even those able- bodied military-aged men could not get through the barrier at that point, and it was so effective that that's when the federal government came after Texas to take it down.So, we're deploying all of our resources that we have to support Texas. And, remember, Democrats have been encouraging this president, they have been encouraging President Biden to come after our states' rights. They have been talking about federalizing our National Guard, which would be the first time in American history that we would have a president that would pay soldiers to stand down, to actually not protect America.And if he's willing to do that and to take away my authority as governor, as commander in chief of those National Guard, boy, we do have a war on our hands.BARTIROMO: Wow.So, why do you think that is? What is his motivation for allowing all of these illegals to come into America and give them prepaid credit cards and housing and health care and all the rest?NOEM: He's weak. And somebody's -- somebody is running the White House. I don't believe it's Joe Biden. He's never been this extreme.This is an extreme remaking of America, and it is a socialist, communist agenda. I think that they have so infiltrated the Democrat Party that it's no longer the Democrat Party of 20 years ago. It's now a socialist party that does not want a strong America.The people that are coming across that southern border aren't coming here to be like American citizens, to love our country, to protect our freedoms. They're not coming here because they love our Constitution. Some of them are coming for opportunity, but they're being manipulated by the Mexican cartels and put in very dangerous situations.And the fact of the matter is that you talk to anybody who's in Border Patrol, in ICE, down there in the Texas National Guard or public safety, they say you have to come to this country right. Yes, the humanity and the inhumanity of what we're seeing down here is horrific, what Joe Biden's allowing to have happen.But you have to do things right, or else you have consequences that we will pay for with our freedoms.BARTIROMO: Sure.Governor, it's great to have you this morning. Thanks very much. We will be watching your work.NOEM: Thank you, Maria. Appreciate it.BARTIROMO: South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem joining us this morning.And we will have more of my interview with President Trump tomorrow morning on FOX Business.That will do it for now for "Sunday Morning Futures." Thanks for being with us.The news continues right here. I will see you tomorrow morning on FOX Business. "Mornings With Maria" is live.