SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And breaking tonight, all lies, they were on Capitol Hill today as James Biden, that is President Joe Biden's brother, that he testified before lawmakers as part of the ongoing impeachment inquiry. And his day got off to a -- well, interesting start before he even began. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Did Hunter smoke crack at the White House?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excuse me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now my sources have been telling me that Jim basically came off as an old person, see if you've heard this before, with a faulty memory. But probably a nice guy. Sound familiar? Sounds like the family excuse.Now, according to a copy of his opening statement obtained by FOX News, the president's brother telling lawmakers, quote, I have had a -year career and a variety of business ventures. Oh, that's true.Now, Joe Biden has never had any involvement or any direct involvement, indirect, in financial interest in those activities. Really? And why did "Politico" report this weekend that you used Joe's name to promote a hospital, James Biden, that subsequently collapsed but you got paid. He reportedly also took an issue with the characterization of his LLC, the Lion Hall group as a shell or holding company, saying that he instead understands it to be a typical corporate structure, before adding that an LLC provides certain legal advantages and a corporate name can give some gravitas to a business operation.Here's the problem, Jim, the Biden LLCs don't appear to have served any other business function according to Chairman Comer, who will join us in a minute with Jim Jordan and Jason Smith. And one of the Biden granddaughters in this case received money from one of these LLCs. What did she do to earn that money? I really like to know, what did the children do to get paid?Now, let's take a closer look at Lion Hall. For example, in August 2017, Hunter allegedly wired the group $150,000. According to the oversight committee, two weeks later, Sarah Biden, that would be Jim's wife, withdrew $50,000 in cash from Lion Hall and deposit it into her and Jim's personal account.And here's the kicker, less than a week after that, Sarah Biden allegedly withdrew the money and then wrote a check to Joe Biden for $40,000 for a, quote, loan repayment. Now, that brings us to the biggest issue at the center of all of this, Joe Biden himself and his alleged involvement with the family business.Here's the problem, now for years, Joe Biden said he never one time ever discussed business with his family, not his son, not his brother not anybody for that matter. It's important that you understand what you're about to hear is an outright provable lie that the media -- well, the mob they just don't want to tell you about it. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: There's this testimony now where one of your son's former business associates is claiming that you were on speaker phone a lot with them talking business? Is that what --JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Never talk business in anybody and I know you'd have a lousy question.DOOCY: Well, what do you -- it's -- why is that a lousy question?BIDEN: Because it's not true.REPORTER: How involved were you in your son's Chinese shakedown text message? Were you sitting there? Were you involved? Were you?BIDEN: No, I wasn't. And I don't -- no!DOOCY: Mr. Vice President, how many times have you ever spoken to your son about his overseas business dealings?BIDEN: I have never spoken to my son about his overseas business dealings.I have never discussed with my son or my brother or anyone else anything having to do with their businesses, period.REPORTER: Do you stand by your statement that you did not discuss any of your son's overseas business dealings?BIDEN: Yes, I stand by that statement.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, we know that's not true. Hunter's former business partner Devon Archer, he blew the lie, this lie, wide open with his testimony before lawmakers. According to the transcript of his testimony, Archer said that Joe was put on speaker phone with those business contacts including foreign nationals, quote, maybe 20 times that at least he knew of because Archer continued, you know, wanted to sell, quote, the brand. Was Hunter the brand or Joe the brand?Now, all this is corroborated by another former business associate, that being Tony Bobulinski who during his transcribed testimony said, quote, from my direct personal experience and what I've subsequently come to learn, it is clear to me that Joe Biden was the brand being sold by the Biden family.Now, according to James Comer's Oversight Committee, Joe Biden met nearly every foreign associate his family received money from, how convenient. Now, of course, now that they're facing questions it sounds like everyone's going to suddenly have amnesia out of nowhere. And it just kind of reminds me a little bit, you know, like the mob leaders when they show up in court in their pajamas and in their cases, it was all an act.But here's what we do know, Joe Biden in his own words bragging on tape about I said you're not getting the billion, he leveraged a billion U.S. tax dollars to Ukraine unless you fire a prosecutor, the -- who is investigating what? Burisma, the oil and gas giant, that was paying his son Hunter, who sat on the board.Here's what the Biden still can't answer. Why was Hunter Biden being paid millions of dollars sitting on the board of Burisma in the first place? We now know based on his own words on "Good Morning America", he had no experience in energy, none whatsoever. He had no experience in Ukraine. He admittedly was addicted to hard drugs at the time.Why did the Russian oligarch Elena Baturina, why reportedly wire $3.5 million to Hunter? And why did she allegedly send another $100 million to a Hunter linked real estate firm, a claim that Devon Archer repeated during his transcribed testimony.And don't forget the angry WhatsApp message, this has to do with the Chinese oil conglomerate known as CEFC, anyway to a Chinese associate. I am sitting here with my father and we would like to understand why the commitment was not fulfilled. That was allegedly sent on July 30th, 2017. We are awaiting your phone call. Well, a couple of days later, magically, $5 million according to James Comer ends up right one of those accounts, those LLCs.Now, why was the family enterprise paid all these millions of dollars from China, Russia, Ukraine, Romania, Mexico, Kazakhstan and more, what services did the Bidens provide these countries? And Hunter was admittedly again addicted not to like weed or alcohol, no, he was addicted to crack cocaine, no experience in these countries, no experience in any of these industries.So why was he paid all the money? And why were the grandchildren paid? And, of course, you're not going to hear this from the mob, the media, their mob mentality is to protect Joe Biden at all costs. Up until recently, they wouldn't even point out the obvious that Joe is a cognitive mess. They're nothing more than an extension of the Biden press office and a lot of questions they do need to be answered.Anyway, here with reaction, House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan, and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Jason Smith.Good to see you all.All right. How would you characterize James Comer the appearance by Jim Biden today? Did you get answers that you were looking for?REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Well, we got him on the record for a lot of things. You know, it was just striking some of the answers to some of the questions. For example, he didn't realize that CEFC was affiliated with the Chinese government, even though every big company in China is affiliated with the Chinese government. We realize that he -- even though he and Hunter Biden took in millions of millions of dollars from this Chinese communist party-backed entity called CEFC, he never provided any meaningful services back to CEFC.We learned that while Joe Biden was vice president, there was another diamond that was gifted to Hunter Biden. So he actually got two diamonds from the Chinese, one while Joe Biden was vice president, and one immediately after Joe Biden was vice president. So there were a lot of questions that we had. Jim Biden gave us a lot of answers and now it's a it's a matter of -- our next deposition with Hunter Biden, we're going to try to figure out if -- if in fact Jim Biden was telling the truth.HANNITY: Let's get your take, Jim Jordan. You were there today.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah. Jim Biden and Hunter Biden kicked the rest of their business partners out of the deal with CEFC and CEFC is willing to do it because of the brand. Remember, it's the money, the business, the brand. They were willing to go into business with Jim Biden, Jim Biden who had numerous failed business adventures, Jim Biden who owed multiple people hundreds of thousands of dollars, they're willing to go into business just with Hunter, just with Jim because of the power of the brand, the influence with Joe Biden that that would entail. They -- the Chinese energy company does that.And, Sean, you're exactly right, through it all, there are four fundamental facts that will never change. Hunter Biden gets put on the board of Burisma. Hunter Biden gets paid a bunch of money to do that.Second, he's not qualified to be on the board. He said so himself. Third, he asked for help from this prosecutor who was applying the pressure to Burisma. And fourth, Joe Biden goes over there and conditions the release of one billion American tax dollars on the firing of the prosecutor who was applying the pressure to the company Hunter Biden sat on the board of and made a million bucks a year.That is an official action by a public official to benefit his family and then, of course, there's the cover up that happens at the Department of Justice that two brave whistleblowers came to Jason Smith and told us about. That is the bulk of this story and that is what we make sure we got to make the American people understand.HANNITY: Jason Smith, let's get your -- your take on the -- well, I guess questioning of Jim Biden today?REP. JASON SMITH (R-MO): Sean, all James Biden was doing today was protecting the family brand, proven at every step that's what they do best. They protect the brand, they sell access to the brand around the world, and I would remind the viewers the brand is President Joe Biden. We have numerous WhatsApp messages and emails provided to us by the IRS whistleblowers that show James Biden was intimately involved along Hunter, Tony Bobulinski, Rob Walker and others in selling access to his brothers to foreigners.We even have an email, Sean, provided to us from the whistleblowers that James Biden is on showing those same business partners discussing the profits of a Chinese business deal, which included 20 held for James and 10 for the big guy. So for James to sit there today and say his brother had no involvement in these business dealings and no knowledge is complete hogwash, Sean.HANNITY: Let me ask you James Comer. You -- he went into the LLCs in his opening statement in great specificity. You've had an opportunity, you're very familiar with these LLCs. You were the first to point them out right here on this program. Were these LLCs used for any other legitimate business? Like for example, I have an LLC. An LLC for example I put money in, I invest money, in the hope that maybe I might get a return on the other side of it, but real money, real business activity.What were these LLCs used for? Do you see any real business activity? What services did they provide and what did the grand -- I'm dying to know what the grandchildren, what did they -- what services did they provide to get paid by these entities?COMER: Well, we asked Jim Biden what exactly uh his various LLCs did and he said they were consulting. He was a consultant. And what were you consulting? Well, he was consulting with American political leaders like Gavin Newsom and he even mentioned Rick Scott, which we never could understand what he was consulting with Rick Scott, but 99 percent of the people that he was consulting with were Democrat political leaders around the country and he was introducing the owners of CEFC to the American political establishment of the Democrat Party.Now, that's called lobbying. That's what a lobbyist does. And when you're doing that for a foreign entity, that's called a foreign agent. Jim Biden's never in his life been a registered lobbyist, much less registered as a -- as a foreign agent. But that's what it appears his businesses did.Now what he tried to say about all the millions he took from this Chinese communist party-backed CEFC was he -- he and Hunter scouted out and looked for investments for the Chinese government, which number one, we shouldn't have anyone affiliated with the president of the United States trying to help China get their foot in the door in our American economy. But that's what they were doing.But then we asked the question, okay, which investments did you find for the Chinese communist party-backed CEFC? And he said, well, we never could find any.So they were just getting paid from the Chinese government for the Biden brand and that's what this whole scheme's about. It's an influence peddling scheme and they were doing it with our adversaries around the world. I think the transcribed interview today with Jim Biden proved that.HANNITY: All right. Let me ask you, Jason Smith, because a lot of this revolves around a lot of money. James Comer has identified over $20 million worth. There are a lot of people within the committee that have told me and right here on this program, they believe money might even go north of $50 million, when all is said and done, when you find it all.But we got to start right at the big lie. The big lie was, I never once spoke to my son or my brother or anybody for that matter about their foreign business dealings. Okay, then, can you explain why Joe Biden was meeting with, for example, Elena Baturina, the Russian oligarch, former first lady in Moscow at Cafe Milano and other foreign business part partners? Can you explain the 20 phone calls that Devon Archer testified, too, that Tony Bobulinski clearly confirmed I guess in his deposition?Can you explain why that big lie does not send off sirens around the country in terms of the media coverage of something like this? Because you know if the last name was Trump, it'd be very different.SMITH: Well, that's exactly right. The fact that the last name's Biden, they've been able to sell millions of dollars worth of access. That's why Joe Biden had dinner with Hunter Biden's business associates. That is why there's been numerous phone calls with Hunter Biden and James Biden's business associates is because the Biden family has received multi- millions, tens of millions of dollars.People should be completely outraged that they have a president of the United States based on the fact that we have, Sean, that will probably go down as the most corrupt and compromised president in America's history.HANNITY: Let me ask you, James Comer, because the two big I think more flagrant examples, both have to do in the energy sector. One with Ukraine and Burisma, the other with CEFC and with China. Can you confirm for example in the case of Burisma, James Comer, that, in fact, in October of 20 -- what -- 15, that it became official Obama administration policy that Ukraine had made so much progress in as in regards to corruption that they deserved a billion and loan guarantees, that that was in October 2015.By December 2015, five days before Joe went to Ukraine and leveraged that billion, that that Joe Biden got a phone call from his son Hunter in Dubai with Burisma executives at a time they were saying they had a D.C. problem, five days later, that Joe goes, leverages the billion and son of a B, they fired the prosecutor that Burisma wanted fired and as a result of that action as vice president, Hunter continue to get paid while addicted to drugs with no experience.Is that an accurate timeline?COMER: One hundred percent. That we know that that was their policy because that was the policy of the John Kerry State Department.HANNITY: Okay, and so, that -- you know that was the policy, and you know that that phone call happened. You have no doubt about that phone call.COMER: Yes.HANNITY: All right. Jim, let me turn to you. Go ahead.JORDAN: I was to say, Devon Archer -- Devon Archer said Hunter Biden called after he got the request from the executives from Burisma, Hunter Biden called D.C. He also said Hunter Biden called his dad. He gave two answers in that deposition.Victoria Nuland at the State Department six months before that said Victor Shulkin, the prosecutor, you're doing a great job. Keep up the good work. Two months before Joe Biden goes to Ukraine, the Interagency Policy Committee says we think they should get the $1 billion loan guarantee, but Joe Biden changes right when he goes he makes the change.The only thing that could have prompted that change is the call he got from his son.HANNITY: Well, let me ask you, Jim Jordan, to follow up on this issue of whether or not Joe Biden benefited from all of this. As it relates to the CEFC, it seems that Hunter Biden implicates his father a lot. I'm sitting here with my father, between everybody he knows, my ability to hold a grudge, you're going to regret not following through. Five days later, did they not get $5 million sent to one of those -- those LLCs or shell companies? Is that true? Is that confirmed?JORDAN: That is exactly what happened. And then a few months before that when they're trying to close the deal with CEFC, Hunter Biden's been working on it for months. There's a dinner at the Four Seasons in Washington, D.C. It's eight executives from CEFC, Chinese individuals there, with Hunter Biden his business associates. Jim -- excuse me, Joe Biden makes a drop in, stops in at the lunch, there's a brief little talk to all the folks and then leaves.And a few weeks later, $3 million comes in and the agreement gets finalized. So that's the pattern, whether it's a phone call, whether it's a dinner, whether it's a drop by, whether it's sitting beside Hunter Biden when he's doing a WhatsApp message to the Chinese, the heads of the CEFC, there's always that element there.That's the brand. That's the money the business, the brand, how this thing operated.HANNITY: Let me ask you, Jason Smith. Can you identify any services that any of the Bidens actually performed to get these tens of millions of dollars? Any -- can anything that you know that they did for these countries that would have warranted that kind of payment?SMITH: All that they did was provide access to the brand which is President Joe Biden. That is what they were paying for and that's all that they delivered.HANNITY: All right. Let me ask all three of you, a final question here, and it has to do with the FD1023 form and this FBI informant that was arrested. Now, there's another name that I think you all recall and his name was Christopher Steele. And Christopher Steele was the one that had the put together the Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dirty Russian dossier, money she funneled through a law group to hire an op research firm, that hired Christopher Steele.He turned out not to be credible. They -- by the way, they were warned about that in August of 2016 before the 2016 election by Bruce Ohr, that it was political, don't trust it, but they did it anyway.My question is now we have a guy that worked for the FBI yet again, another source that turns out to not be credible. And I'd like to know, what is wrong with the FBI? My understanding is this guy was working for the FBI as an informant for 14 years, with even having authority to break the law to get to the bottom of crimes. I'd like to understand why the FBI keeps hiring informants that they then tell us years and years later are not credible, not when it actually matters?Can you explain that, James Comer?COMER: Well, look, with respect to the informant, all I knew about the informant was what Christopher Wray told me. He said he was one of the highest paid, most trusted informants in the bureau, in the entire bureau, and they had used him for over a decade and they had successfully used him in prosecuting some criminals. He wasn't a factor in the investigation because we didn't even know who he was. We just know knew that it was a 1023 that alleged Joe Biden took a bribe which was consistent with what we found in Romania and China with how the bribe was allegedly dispersed through the different shell companies and the different bank accounts.So, obviously, we wanted to investigate it, but we never knew who the informant was. All we knew was what Christopher Wray said, now we see that the FBI arrested him for lying. It doesn't make sense. It's not the same treatment that we saw when the FBI figured out that the Steele dossier was fictitious.HANNITY: You know, and Jim Jordan, same question. Nor does the fact that this one piece of the puzzle negate Joe's lies, negate the payments, negate what you've identified as shell corporations negate, the family members being paid from these foreign entities some of our top geopolitical foes.And as much as I know critics of all three of yours would like to make that into the biggest deal, to say people that went along with Christopher Steele's every little word written, and I just want to know why they keep messing this up? How is it possible that the greatest -- was supposed to be the greatest -- go ahead.JORDAN: Well, and I was also going to say Scott Brady, U.S. attorney in the western district of Pennsylvania, checked out this -- this confidential human source and he told us in his deposition under oath that he thought this guy had the credibility. He checked him out some. So that's what we knew.But what's interesting, Sean, is in 2016, it was a Russian operation, the Trump-Russian collusion, we knew that was baloney. Robert Mueller told us that. And then in 2020, the laptop was a Russian information operation. That was baloney.Who knows? Maybe this guy lied to the FBI. Maybe it's all -- maybe they're right, but I just see a pattern that seems to be developing here over the last three presidential elections.HANNITY: I see a pattern, too, and that's if you act like a nice old man, just very forgetful and, you know what, maybe that seems to be the new defense, if -- maybe Americans will be paying attention to that. Thank you all. Appreciate your time.When we come back, New York Attorney General Letitia James, she's now threatening to seize former President Trump's New York buildings. We'll explain. We'll get reaction. Vivek Ramaswamy.Also, Biden was forced to give away his dog Commander. New documents reveal 24 Secret Service agents bit. Maybe after the 10th one, maybe they should have maybe pulled the dog away from the agents, just saying, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So as the fallout continues from the massive civil fraud ruling against former President Donald Trump in New York, Attorney General Letitia James, she is now openly gloating about seizing Trump properties if he has any issues paying the nearly half a billion dollar fine. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Insisting she will collect that civil fraud find even if it means seizing some of his assets.LETITIA JAMES (D), NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL: We are prepared to make sure that the judgment is paid to New Yorkers and yes, I look at 40 Wall Street each and every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: But the former president seems undeterred as usual. Instead, he's focusing on the campaign ahead, including the South Carolina primary coming up on Saturday. We will be in South Carolina this week. Here with reaction, former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy. He's been stumping for the president in South Carolina all day today.You know, I look at this and, you know, you think of a state like New York, Vivek, and here's a state where we have on videotape two examples of the cops getting the living Adam Schiff kicked out of them by illegal immigrants. The first group of people, they go to jail, they get out no bail, they head out to the state of California, the sanctuary state of California for free health care, no consequences.In this case, nobody got harmed. You have a disclaimer to saying, don't go by our valuations. You have a judge that values Mar-a-Lago at 18 million and here we are.What -- are you next? We have Ron DeSantis coming, is he next? Because I don't think either one of you are liked by the media mob either. Me, too, just for the record.VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Yeah/ So you show me the man, I'll show you the crime. That was a famous saying from Stalin's chief of police. That's how the prosecutorial system is now working against Donald Trump today.Not only was this not a victimless crime, Sean, you want to think about the people who did business with Donald Trump. They made money off of those interactions, not just average consumers but financial institutions.So for her to bring this case I think is a legal and unconstitutional violation and when that's overturned on appeal, she's now talking about seizing Trump's residences in real estate properties, I want to know what property of Letitia James is going to be seized when this is overturned on appeal for the damage this is doing to our country and to trust in the standard of the rule of law in the United States of America. We need accountability when this is overturned on appeal.But for now, I'll say this is a travesty of justice and this should not happen in the United States of America.HANNITY: I agree with you and this is now getting to the heart of where we are. I mean, we're now criminalizing politic political differences. We've weaponized justice in America. There's a two-tier justice system.You can see that certainly in the documents case, top secret classified information, Hillary servers, deleted subpoena emails, broken devices, Bleach Bit.Then you have Joe Biden, four separate locations, no raids, no charges, nothing.Can you explain that to me? What has happened to this great constitutional republic that is supposed to be, you know, governed by equal justice under the law and equal application of our laws? Every American should fear this regardless of where they stand politically. That's what I believe.RAMASWAMY: This isn't the American dream. This is the American nightmare, and this is not even about Donald Trump. It's about every other American at home who's now at risk of prosecutorial abuse as well.I think one of the great things that happened for this country was in the last week seeing Fani Willis actually testify in that case, Sean. There, the American public was able to see bare, these are the people who are actually pursuing these cases against Donald Trump, people have no idea about basic geography or the basic idea or the understanding of the law as well. These are not the people that our Founding Fathers envisioned should be in charge of let alone prosecuting a former president of the United States and somebody who's running for president of the United States. They're rolling over in their graves.We're supposed to be a country where regardless of your skin color, and yes, regardless of your political belief, there is one standard of the rule of law in the United States of America. And I'm grateful that Donald Trump is standing strong that he's actually said it beautifully the other night actually on FOX, on the -- at the town hall he said it. You know what my vengeance will be? Success will be my vengeance.There's a trap to try to bait somebody to come after them in so many different directions that you get them to crumble or to make a mistake. I'm glad to see him going in the other direction to say that you know what? We're going to chase success. Success is unifying. Success is how we win and you know what? I have full confidence that that's exactly what's going to happen this November, even though they've created a complicated path to get there.HANNITY: Tell me why you're so confident that will happen.RAMASWAMY: Well, look, at the end of the day, I do have confidence in the American people. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.I was just in South Carolina today. The enthusiasm for Trump was palpable, but the enthusiasm for this country was palpable. People in this country realize we live in a 1776 moment right now. We talked about our Founding Fathers and setting into motion one standard of the rule of law.This is a 1776 moment today, and I think people across this country. I hope people watching at home feel that sense of responsibility. It's not just another ordinary election where we're talking about tax rates, being higher or lower. This is about the basic ideals that our country was founded on. I think most people understand that, Sean, and we're going to be stronger on the other side of it.HANNITY: All right. Vivek Ramaswamy, maybe we'll see you when we're in South Carolina this week. Thank you, sir, for being with us. We appreciate it.When we come back, even Biden is being asked what the plan B is for Democrats come Election Day. Will Gavin Newsom be on the ticket? Governor Ron DeSantis he weighs in. he's coming up next.Also, why Biden was forced to give away his beloved dog Commander. Maybe he should have given him away 23 bites ago. We'll explain, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. This is a FOX News alert, Commander Biden, Joe Biden's dog, has left the White House to live with other family members after new documents reportedly show that that dog bit Secret Service agents 24 different times, wow, including in front of both the president and the first lady. The Secret Service telling FOX news tonight that all of the fighting incidents were quote they were treated as workplace injuries, while the first lady's office says, quote, the White House environment simply pro too much for Commander. Well, 24 times?Anyway, meanwhile, it's growing more and more obvious that Joe Biden's re- election campaign is not going very well. And as the evidence gets harder to ignore, Democrats, they find themselves facing down a very tough question, if not Joe, then who?Well, at the top of the list would obviously be the vice president. That's Kamala Harris. Perhaps the only Democrat less popular than Joe Biden. Now, Harris already says she is ready for the top job. This should instill a lot of confidence in you.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INTERVIEWER: If he had to pass the powers to you for one second, one minute, heaven forbid, and you know, I ask with all due respect, but you know -- would you -- are you capable? Are you ready to step into the role and do whatever the country needs?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm absolutely ready.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Let's talk about another prominent liberal from California, that being Governor Gavin Newsom. Yesterday Biden himself was asked if his trip to California this week was to prepare Newsom for a presidential run. Well, Joe Rogan, pretty popular podcaster, he seems to think that may happen. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE ROGAN, PODCASTER: No, I think they're going to get rid of him. I think they're going to move him out. They're going to force him to step down. That's what I think.If I had a guess and it's just speculation, I'd say they're setting up Gavin Newsom for it. That's what I say. That's what I think. That's what it looks like to me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, Newsom has done his best to cover for Joe Biden, saying on the show multiple times that he would not run for president under any circumstances, even said no, Kamala is up next. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Under any circumstances would you get in this primary?GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D), CALIFORNIA: No, no.HANNITY: None?Will you accept it under any circumstance?NEWSOM: It's just -- it's a hypothetical.HANNITY: Yes, or no?NEWSOM: No.I've said -- I don't know how many times I can say it. He's just making this stuff up about a shadow campaign.HANNITY: If they come to you at the DNC and Joe is incapable of running and they ask you, are you a hard no?NEWSOM: It's not even -- it's not even option. He's doing fantastically.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Joining us, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis is with us. He was in South Carolina this week advocating for congressional term limits.I -- I still think back to the debate. That was a fun night.I got to thank you, Governor, and the people of your state. I've -- I've had a place in Florida for over 20 years. But now that I've moved down here to my home full time, best decision I've ever made.And everybody has been really warm and welcoming to me, and I'm very grateful for that. Thank you.GOV. RON DESANTIS (R), FLORIDA: Well, no, we're glad to have you. You're not the only one as you know. I know you've got a lot of friends that have been moving down for many, many years now.You and I used to joke when -- when were you going to finally pull the trigger. And you did. But I'll tell you, you know --HANNITY: Yeah. You jabbed me pretty good and you -- because I kept threatening --(CROSSTALK)DESANTIS: People down here though --HANNITY: Yeah.DESANTIS: Yeah, I know, you kept saying and we were waiting to see when it would happen.But I tell you on this Newsom thing, you know, the Democrats are in a pickle because on the one hand, you know, we see Biden, six fries short of a Happy Meal. He can't even give a two-minute statement without them filming 20 jump cuts just for him to deliver a certain message.So, clearly, people see that. The media can try to dress that up, but voters are onto that.So, they can look to someone like Newsom who no doubt is a slippery politician. He stood on that stage and when we had the debate with you and tried to tell people that somehow California didn't have a homeless problem, didn't have a crime problem, that California had lower taxes than Florida, like nobody believes this stuff, but he does it in ways that are - - that's slick.The problem, though, I think is he also stood on the stage when you pressed him, and he endorsed Biden fully. He said Biden was an A+ president. He endorsed all of Biden's disastrous policies. So, if he were to run, he would get saddled with all those policies.But then he'd have to answer for California. They have the biggest budget deficit in the country, $70 billion. They have homeless problems. They have an exodus of people.So, in some respects, you know, it's the worst of both worlds. You have Biden's policies and that bad record, as well as all the California dysfunction.And all we have to do is run commercials showing that San Francisco poop map. And I think people would understand right away.HANNITY: Yeah. Since, by the way, that debate, he's now signed a law allowing free healthcare to illegal immigrants in his sanctuary state of California. I think the country would have a hard time with that position alone.Governor, if I owned a dog, and I love dogs. I really -- I have had three dogs in my life, actually four. I loved them all with all my heart. I just think the world of dogs.But if your dog bites one person, that's a problem. How is it possible they allowed this dog to bite 24 agents before they finally said, uh, maybe that's enough? What -- how do -- I mean, to me, at that point, it's criminal.DESANTIS: Yeah. Well, first of all, Sean. We recently saw -- I have a first grader, a kindergarten and a preschooler. And we just adopted our first dog for the kids. So, we rescued the dog out of a homeless -- out of a dog shelter in Tallahassee.So, our kids are having the time of their lives. I think all kids should grow up with dogs.But you've got to care for the dog. I think maybe what happened was this dog was window dressing and they probably weren't giving it the type of attention. So, it kept acting out.So, you know, I -- I can just tell you this, you'd rather be a dog at the Florida governor's mansion than at the Biden White House. I can tell you that.HANNITY: Let me ask you this. And I know that you've been pushing. And I -- I characterized term limits this way, and I know you're leading the effort to now maybe get a constitutional amendment on the issue of term limits.I've also said about it, it's a bad idea because I'd like to believe that an informed public would vote people in and out, but we both know the power of incumbency and how difficult it is to beat an incumbent.However, I call it a bad idea whose time has really come. And maybe if we send people for short period of time to Washington, maybe they would go with the let me -- let me vote for the American people and my constituents with the -- with the understanding, you're going back home to your real life in a couple of years. So, you don't have to worry about reelections every second.DESANTIS: Well, first, on the issue of like voters get to choose, the fact of the matter of incumbents rig the process for their benefit. So, the reason why 98 percent of incumbents get reelected is not because 98 percent are doing a good job, it's because they've developed a system where it's almost impossible to defeat an incumbent. And so, if it were an even playing field, maybe that argument would matter.Let me tell you this, Sean, we have term limits in Florida for our legislature. What happens is people go. They know they're going to be there for a limited period of time. So, their incentive is not to be there the rest of their life. Their incentive is to make a difference. Their incentive is to leave a legacy, tackle the big issues.And I think what you see right now in Washington is they always want to pass the buck. The number one thing they do is they just try to perpetuate themselves in office.We've had an awful run over the last 20, 30 years, going from $6 trillion in debt to $34 trillion in debt. Congress has some passed some disastrous pieces of legislation over the years, and it's just not working.So, I think that this is a reform. And whether you think it's a bad idea whose time has come or good idea whose time has come, I'll take any support we can get, Republicans and Democrats across the country. Voters believe that term limits would make a difference, and I do, too.HANNITY: All right. Governor Ron DeSantis, great to have you back, Governor. Good to see you. And maybe we'll do round two. Maybe we'll invite Gavin back and put the two of you together. That would be fun to do one more time.All right. When we come back, a high speed chase between police and an illegal immigrant all caught on tape. This will blow you away.And breaking tonight, shocking new information about the terror threat at your border. The great Victor Davis Hanson, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Take a look at your screen. On Friday, according to ICE, an illegal immigrant stole a Maryland state highway truck, led police on a very dangerous high-speed chase. The suspect hit numerous cars, including police cruisers, before eventually being arrested.The suspect was identified as a citizen of Nicaragua who is in this country illegally, shocker.Now also breaking tonight, FOX News has obtained new internal CBP data. It shows that thousands of illegal immigrants from countries with national security concerns have crossed our border through San Diego just since the start of the fiscal year. We've been telling you about this.Joining us now with reaction is Hoover Institution senior fellow, our friend Victor Davis Hanson.You know, I keep saying we're at nearly million. When you look at the countries, Iran, Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan, China, Russia -- tens of thousands.Victor Davis Hanson, you're a lot smarter than I am. I don't have to be a genius to say with a high degree of certainty on 99.9 percent, that it's not if, it's when, that we are going to be hit with a terrorist attack because most if not all of these people are unvetted illegal immigrants that Joe Biden has steadfastly refused to enforce the laws of this land and allowed in this country.Your reaction?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Absolutely. And it begs a question, there's so many downsides, there's all downsides. There's inequality with citizens versus illegal aliens. They don't need IDs to get on a plane. They don't need a passport to go back and forth.You or I or your listeners can't go in a hotel and say, I need a room tonight free. So that asymmetry is just stunning.And then the national security dimensions, we don't know who these people are, why are 25,000 Chinese nationals coming? No one knows.So the question is why, Sean? What -- why is Biden or the people who control Biden doing this? And all I think we can come up with is they wanted change the demographic. They believe that 2020 was a revolutionary moment in the United States history. Sixty to 70 percent of the people for the first time in history did not show up on election day in some of the key swing states.They feel that it's very hard to authenticate ballots that are -- that it's not hard to get somebody voting who's maybe not qualified to vote, or doesn't have a proper mail in or early ballot, and they see opportunity there. And I think that's one of the reasons, and they want a constituency for entitlements, redistribution big government, but there's no other sensible explanation by -- why a president would be so nihilistic, and do such damage to his own country, let -- except for pure partisan advantage.HANNITY: You know, Iran's the number one state sponsor of terror. Syria, their proxy. Then you've got Egypt, home of the Muslim Brotherhood. Afghanistan, home of al-Qaeda, which apparently is now back in training mode, according to a report I saw today.Then you have China and Russia, our number one and number two geopolitical foe. I don't believe of the tens of thousands from those countries combined are here because they want a better life for themselves or their family. Do you?HANSON: No, I don't.HANNITY: Well, the vast majority.HANSON: I think they're taking advantage of the system -- yeah, I think the vast majority are taking advantage of the system. They're not econo -- they're not refugees. They're here either because they want to get a better life economically.But they're -- or they're fleeing some criminal exposure in their home country or they have nefarious purposes. But all of that being true, we still can't figure out why the president of United States who's the custodian of our safety and national security would not only allow this to happen, but deliberately plan it to happen, and he reversed every Trump successful mechanism that stopped it. And I -- it doesn't make any sense other than he wants to do something radically different with the United States.HANNITY: But Joe said did everything he could, on day -- you know, in the first 100 days, he just rescinded everything that that was working.All right. Victor Davis Hanson, thank you.Coming up, well, we have a lot more news straight ahead as "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us, and thank you for making the show possible. Please set your DVR, it's easy to do, so you never, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face. Have a great night.