ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: In the Espionage Act, it says if you mishandle classified documents after you've been trusted with it through gross negligence, that's a 10-year felony.If you can prove willfulness which he says he can, gross negligence is a layup.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Or not. We shall watch --JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The comments that were made by that prosecutor, gratuitous, inaccurate and inappropriate. The way that the president's demeanor in that report was characterized, could not be more wrong on the facts and clearly, politically motivated, gratuitous.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Kamala Harris rushing to the defense of her boss after he got called a doddering man with a brain made of Swiss cheese by the special counsel. The White House doing some serious damage control after the president melted down in front of the entire nation. So they sent out spokesman Ian Sams and of course, binder.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)IAN SAMS, WHITE HOUSE SPOKESMAN: The case is closed. The facts and evidence refute the theories that are floated that they explored. The public is smart, and I think that they can see what's going on.You know, I think that they can see and understand, you know, when people are gratuitous and make comments that they shouldn't make, I'm not sure how many, you know, folks in this room have read all 400 pages of it.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: If the special counsel says President Biden has got a significant limitations on his memory, then who is helping him run the country?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president of the United States runs the country, the commander-in-chief runs the country. That part of the report we don't think lives in reality.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden's rage spiral starting just after special counsel Hur released his bombshell classified docs report, it skipped charges, but portrayed Joe as an elderly man with a poor memory.Biden reportedly went ballistic on Hur, House Democrats saying how the F could I forget the day my son died? And then the president blew up on national T.V., watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: One of the reasons you were not charged is because in his description, you are a well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm well-meaning, I'm an older man, and I know what the hell I'm doing.DOOCY: How bad is your memory and can you continue as president?BIDEN: My memory is so bad, I let you speak. That's --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you know if your memory has gotten worse, Mr. President?BIDEN: My memory is not -- my memory is fine.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And here's the cognitive cherry on top, the president who sees dead people was walking out of the room, but then he came back to the podium just to confuse the leaders of Egypt and Mexico.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: As you know, initially, the president of Mexico Sisi did not want to open up the gate to allow humanitarian material to get in.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, Greg Gutfeld.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Why me? No, go ahead.WATTERS: Why not?GUTFELD: You're right. You know, Kamala had to do that. Of course, she had to do the behind the scenes. It's a box of wine and a stack of catalogs. She's looking at new drapes and new rugs. She can hardly contain herself.I think what's -- by the way, how do we know it's a her, it could be a they?WATTERS: OK, good.GUTFELD: What's really painful, it's not what he said. It's not what Biden's saying. It's the silence between the words, these long gaps speak louder than any gaffe. And it's not as if the slow pace reflects some kind of thoughtfulness. It's a man searching for thoughts. He's like on the beach with a metal detector looking for a bottle cap for his collection, it's not fun, it's those -- it's those long silences that just kind of just hurt you.You know, I was toggling between the Biden presser and the Putin Tucker interview, so I can't help but compare. It's just natural. And one was like a two hour lecture. It was tedious and it was detailed and the other was a tantrum. You know, I felt like it was flipping between the history channel and celebrity rehab with Gary Busey and it's not my fault.The media has created this glaring contrast, remember, they were the one that fabricated the complete reverse. Putin was the one that was in ill health.Remember, the head shaky leg, the shaky hands, and it was Joe who was fine, but both were fake, but they came from the same media mob and now we are actually seeing the truth and I know we're going to talk about the media in the next block but you know -- you know, it com -- for me, it compares two presents and not two presidents.No matter what you think of Putin, propagandists, murderer or dictator. No question, he's not incapable and he's definitely pro-Russian. You could detest how he demonstrates it. But he worries -- what did he talk about? Worried about borders and national identity and cohesion.We're a free country, right? We are a cacophony of voices and opinions and that is our strength. But our progressive leadership, our legacy media, our hateful academia, with their views about America, which are disgusting, have made Patriotism and borders dirty words. They're as much of a relic as Joe is.And I fear watching Tucker interview Putin that Putin gets that, that's what scares me. He knows that we're a fragile country right now. That's what -- that's what I got from it.WATTERS: I wonder what other world leaders are thinking when they're seeing this report come out? Did they know that when they were meeting with President Biden? Does it confirm that things that they thought when they sat down with him?PERINO: That reminds me of this story, I think it was David Remnick in the New Yorker a few years ago, wrote about how these -- there are two North Koreans that are allowed to work at the U.N. And they -- he was working with them to try to get an interview with the leader in North Korea, not Kim Jong-un, but his dad.And when Trump was coming on the scene, they were so confused. And they would come to David Remnick all the time and say, what does he mean -- when he says this, what does he mean? Right? So, the unpredictability was there.I can't imagine. But they're like the special prosecutor said that the president is forgetful and his head does not have his mental faculties. What could this possibly mean?The special prosecutor gave reporters cover to finally say, what Americans have been telling pollsters for a couple of years.Remember, the NBC poll said that 23 percent of people in America think that Biden has the mental capabilities to be president.Paul Begala, who was a strong Democrat, said he went to bed fine, woke up and saw what happened. And then he -- this is his quote, "He wet the bed."Also, I think it's interesting that here are these people in all the Democrats. They were telling anybody who said that Robert Hur was going to be easy on Joe Biden, they're like, but he was Trump appointed. And the Trump people said, but he was nominated by the two Democrats in Delaware. It's like, well, let's just let Robert Hur do his work. But what do they do immediately, they have to attack the special prosecutor.Now, they might be mad at Merrick Garland, because Garland released the report. But Robert Hur has to provide a reason to the attorney general as to why he is not going to press charges. And the reason is because he's mentally incompetent, and the jury would be too kind to him.A fatal flaw last night was one taking questions. The second fatal flaw was leaving the room and deciding to take one last question and return to the podium and that's where he made the Mexico Egypt mistake.And remember, Nixon had five words that everyone remembers, I am not a crook. Biden had five words last night, I know what I'm doing. And this, I think, is just the beginning.I also feel like Joe Biden was so mad last night, I understand why he's mad. But he was so mad that even when he tried to land that joke against Peter Doocy, he couldn't -- the press was in no mood.WATTERS: Yes. They were very, very teed up. Judge, he probably should have just gone to bed and done that press conference in the morning when he was more fresh.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes, there's no question. I mean, it was past his bedtime.WATTERS: Right.PIRRO: And you know, but it's typical of a guy who's got a temper. And we know that Joe Biden has a temper, we've been hearing about it, that he curses his staff out, that a lot of them consider themselves lucky if they don't have to go in and answer to him, and then he'll question them and question them until he can get to the point where he can curse them out because he doesn't think they have all the answers.But let me tell you about this press conference. It was such a mistake for him to come out and try to prove to the American people that Robert Hur was wrong in the designation that they called gratuitous regarding his mental state, but he proved that he is not able to handle himself. He proved that the longer he went in that press conference, the more he mumbled, the more angry he got, the more he got things wrong.He starts out by saying, you know, I think he said, how the hell do you dare raise that? And so, he's outraged that someone would raise the fact that he doesn't remember the year that his son Beau died?And he says, why would you talk about that at all? Well, because you talk about it all the time, and who knows what it was relevant to. He says it's none of your damn business about my son and when he died, but he talks about his son all the time. He pulls out a rosary, and he wants to tell you where it's from, but he can't remember where it's from.And his answer to not knowing what year his son died was simple rage. Not like I know the year my son died, and he could have said it last night. But, you know, he was more interested in yelling at people. And then he says this stuff has no place in the report and so did Kamala Harris.Honestly, I think Kamala Harris behind closed doors is salivating. I think Kamala Harris is now saying, right from the get go, I knew sooner or later they'd get to me. And maybe, you know, I'll go out and say it was gratuitous.Look, the only reason that stuff is in there, it's not gratuitous is because Joe Biden violated the classified documents statute. It is clear they made it out in the document, there was a willful retention. And he shared classified information with his ghostwriter. There's no question he violated the law. They had to put in his state of mind, that was part of the prosecutorial discretion that they used that a jury would not have the ability to convict him, I don't think he would be competent to stand trial. This guy couldn't do a three minute interview. He can't put a two sentences together.And in the end, what they have is the guy who is -- who says I cooperated. That's the difference between me and Trump. No, you didn't, because we know from the report that in 2017, he actually says, you know what? I -- here's some of my classified documents. If he cooperated, why did he wait six years to hand over those documents that he admittedly found in 2017, that he had no right to, you know?Everything that he did was in violation of the law, his ego, his anger will be his downfall. And Americans aren't going to buy what Ian Sams is selling.WATTERS: Harold Ford, Jr.?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So, as I shared yesterday, I think this was a tough day for the president yesterday. It was the headline, I think, and one of our things on Fox.com, which suggests that I think that Democrats ought to be thinking about replacing him. I don't think that, what I do think, however, is that you can't -- as David Axelrod said, un-ring the bell.And this notion whether it is true or not, that the president is forgetful, that the president has diminished faculties. This was happening and this thinking was prevalent before the report came out.And for Mr. Hur to say that the reason that he would not bring charges because the jury might be amenable, might find that qualifying to the point where they wouldn't want to convict the president if he were to bring charges is something they're going to have to deal with.I do think, Judge, you're right. I thought the press conference last night -- and Dana as well, I thought the press conference resonate, the timing was wrong on that for person who can't stay -- I don't care your age, if you're not a nighttime person, you shouldn't be doing nighttime press conferences, especially if you're angry.I think the real thing for him now, the president of the next few -- next few weeks in the next few months is to do a couple of things. You got to stay active. You got to accept the Super Bowl interview. You got to layout, understand what you want to say when you talk about your record and what you plan to do if you're elected four more years, stay on the Congress about passing a border security bill, get funding for Israel, get funding for Ukraine.I thought the meeting in the White House today with the German chancellor was a smart thing. And I thought his answers were smart. But he's got to stay active. He's got to stay up.And whatever you do, don't put him out at night ever again. It's not good for him. And it's certainly not good for our allies. And for that matter, those who seek to do us harm around the world.GUTFELD: So, don't put him out at night, what happened to the who's going to pick up the phone and now at 3:00 a.m.? Now, it's like, you can pick it up at 3:00 p.m., maybe.FORD JR.: You can still pick it up, just don't put him on camera.GUTFELD: Exactly. Jesse, do you agree that when I say I'm with her?WATTERS: Michelle?FORD JR.: No, I'm with Hur.PERINO: Robert Hur.(LAUGHTER)WATTERS: Michelle is going to be the nominee, right, Dana? I thought that's what you're talking about.GUTFELD: Never happened.WATTERS: All right, coming up, the media trying to defend Joe Biden for questions if he's mentally fit by saying he can ride a bike.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: So, the entire country is having some serious questions on whether President Biden's mental state is in decline. But the media and Democrats they're all set. Sometimes it's lashing out at the special counsel and reassuring voters that the president is a smart as a tack because he can ride a bike?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS HAYES, NBC NEWS HOST: The man is 80 years old.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: He rides a bike.HAYES: Like, he is the age, he is --ARI MELBER, MSNBC HOST: Let's call it what it is. This is ageism snuck into a report clearing the person of any wrongdoing.JOY BEHAR, ABC NEWS HOST: Why did what he wanted to remember the day that his son died? Why? Do want to block that out of your head.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Special prosecutor could have written the same reports without using these words, elderly man with a poor memory.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: And it was even a worst judgment that the Justice Department allowed that garbage to be released.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Everybody on this panel right now has misspoken and said the wrong name or the wrong -- you know the wrong date.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you don't have a case, shut the hell up or say as little --ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST: Do you think he's playing politics?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I absolutely do.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Some Democrats racing to defend Biden's mental competency.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President Biden made a simple incidental mistake that everyone understood what he was referring to that has anything to do with his mental acuity. This is someone whose age has a tremendous benefit in his experience and his understanding and his knowledge of foreign policy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The fact that the special counsel was speculating about a possible defense strategy is pretty wild. I am a little puzzled why the special counsel chose to make statements that he had no business making.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Greg, I'm kind of confused as to why they would think telling us that he's totally lucid because you can ride a bike, well, that's the one thing you never forget how to do.GUTFELD: Yes. And also he didn't ride the bike very well. By the way, a chimp can ride a bike. All right, I saw that at Larry Kudlow's house.But it is good to see Tobin finding work, I was pulling for him. But I mean, you have him talking about inappropriate behavior. He choked his chicken in front of his coworkers. Well, you have Alec Baldwin on to talk about, you know, gun safety, it was his bad.But then the media always reacts like this when reality pierces their fabricated shield. They did this with crime. Oh, they downplayed the riots and looting immigration, they decided to focus on border agents.With COVID, they shifted to the idea of disinformation. And now it's Joe. It's like, oh, he can ride a bike. The problem is they can't -- in this new age of media, you can't hide anymore, people can see through this stuff, but they make it even more hilarious than it should be. If they accepted reality and condemned jerks like me for making jokes. That might be a good point. But their bias denials make jokes even more necessary, because they're offering a second punch line with their stupid behavior.PERINO: Judge, what would have happened? What would the Dems have said if the special counsel report about Trump had said declined to prosecute, but they hadn't released the document as to why.PIRRO: Yes, they would have gone crazy, they would have said that the fix was in, you know what they would have done.You know, this -- they don't understand what's going on. One of the people said, that is not a defense strategy, you know, that they shouldn't be talking about the defense strategy. He doesn't even know what he's talking about because incompetency is not a defense strategy. It's something that the -- that the prosecution exhibits.But you know, all-in-all, what you've got are all these people who are making it like the guy has never made a mistake, when in the past week, he's made six that I can count. He called the red -- he said that were red states in green states. He said he talked to Kohl and Mitterrand. Both are dead. He said that he was referring to Hamas as the opposition. And then someone had to tell him the word Hamas. He said, you know, El-Sisi for the Mexico.I mean, he just does it every day, stop trying to gaslight us, we know this guy is incapable. And because of this, every time he makes a mistake, people are going to go back to this. Joe Biden is not going to be the candidate in November. And I think that people, the smart people like Axelrod and Carville, they knew it all along, and they predicted it.And you know, people like Newsom who are touting (INAUDIBLE) and Karine Jean-Pierre, not that, you know, nobody takes her seriously. But, you know, he's got more energy than anyone in this building. I mean, does anyone believe that?But when Newsom comes out and speaks on his behalf, he's the greatest president, they lose their own credibility. But in the end, I guess we're going to have to see how it plays.PERINO: Harold, in 2026, do you imagine that we're going to see a bunch of books that come out that say, in February of 2024, Democrats were having secret meetings to try to figure out how to deal with the fact that Biden had lost his mental capacity.FORD JR.: No, I think you'll see books saying that you might, but I think what's likely is you'll see books saying talking about his mental capacity being diminished and what the Dems do to either help them win or if he loses, they'll say that he lost because of some of this.I would be curious. I heard some of the criticism today about this special counsel. And I don't know if special counsels in the past have surmised about mental acuity and mental health and their reasoning for things.The Judge made the point that this may not even be a defense, a legitimate defense, I think this is which we're making a courtroom if this were the case.So, I'd be curious to see what -- you know, when, why, and then he'll have Hur is going to testify at some point over the next month or two, that's standard for these special counsels to do so.And I'll be curious to know what -- someone will triple ask him, if you chose not to prosecute, even though -- because for me, the issue is more if he intentionally retained documents, why wouldn't you prosecute him? It seemed to me that if you believe that he was going to be just friendly to the jury, that seems to me to be -- that seems to me to be more of a testament to you being an ineffective prosecutor than anything else.So, sharing all that information about him when you're not a doctor, just seem a little a little -- a little unique to me and different. And I think I understand some of the criticism from the White House about that issue.PIRRO: Can I just say one quick thing?PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: Prosecutors do what every day, every day will say we're not prosecuting this guy because he's got mental issues, because he's got a legitimate defense in terms of insanity or because we don't believe that he's mentally capable of going forward.FORD JR.: He didn't say that.PIRRO: He did say that.FORD JR.: No, he did not say that. It's fair to say, Judge, he did not say that.PIRRO: He couldn't say it that hard, because you and I both know that that went through several rewrites before the Department of Justice --(CROSSTALK)PERINO: But Jesse, do you --FORD JR.: He didn't say that -- he didn't say that.PERINO: -- expect a flurry of glowing profiles of Kamala Harris in the next two weeks?WATTERS: Do you think the media is in on it?PERINO: No.WATTERS: Because I wouldn't put her out there, Dana, I think it'd be a landslide Trump victory. And that's the conundrum they're facing. If you take him out, and he doesn't run, you can't put Kamala out there. You're going to put the first black female presidential nominee, just feed her to the wolves. It's going to be a 40 state blowout.So, you can't also can't bring in Newsom because then you're going to have a civil war. Plus, you don't want to dirty up Newsom because he might lose to Trump, very well might lose to Trump. You need to save him for 2028.Then the only other option is Michelle. She doesn't want it, Dana. She doesn't want it. My sources inside Chicago have told me that she's not really that interested. You have to run Biden, you have to lose with Biden. That's the calculation.PERINO: Do you know that's she's not in Chicago?WATTERS: She will be in Chicago for the convention.PERINO: All right, is THE FIVE ready for the big game? What we're doing for the Super Bowl, up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: America, are you ready for the Super Bowl? THE FIVE is getting our game faces on before the Kansas City Chiefs face off against the San Francisco 49ers in Las Vegas. Patrick Mahomes is looking to win it for the third time. But it's not all about football. Usher is this year's halftime performer and he's hinting at some huge surprises.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)USHER, SINGER: I think I made it easy for myself when I decided to have like features on songs that became hit records. I am definitely, you know, went through a lot of ideas of who I would have shared this moment with me. And I do feel like the people whom are going to share it deserve just as much recognition for what they do in their careers, rather we have collaborated together or rather they've had moments of their own.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: The other big thing people are talking about, will Taylor Swift make it in time to watch her boyfriend, Chief's tight end, Travis Kelce. The pop star is a concert in Japan Saturday night and then is planning to jump on a plane to make it to Las Vegas before the game.So, Greg --GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: What is your go-to food during the Super Bowl?GUTFELD: Oh, well, I'm -- I won't be watching the Super Bowl and I'll tell you why.PIRRO: What?GUTFELD: Because I'm so -- I did my research and I know people that are dismayed that Joe Biden isn't going to be doing this Super Bowl Halftime interview. Sundance Channel has you covered. During the Super Bowl, they were playing Weekend at Bernie's.WATTERS: No way.PIRRO: Oh.GUTFELD: Yes, yes. And then on Discovery, you have Naked and Afraid for hours. That's basically the story of Hunter and Joe. But really I'll be celebrating the one-year anniversary of Gus making his Super Bowl ad premiere.PIRRO: Yay. Oh, that is -- wonderful. OK, so Jesse, are you -- are you hosting or you attending a party?WATTERS: I hosted last year and the Eagles lost. This year we're going to Emma's parents for the Super Bowl and my game plan was to leave at halftime because we have to drive home and I don't want to miss any of the game. But I just have a feeling Emma's going to want to watch Usher.Now, no disrespect to Usher but I got to beat the traffic and I want to get home to watch the third quarter. But I can just see us having to sit and watch the halftime show and then me missing a good chunk of the third quarter driving back to my house. That's where I stand on this.PIRRO: Have you figured it out?WATTERS: Yes. I'm going to probably do what my wife wants.PERINO: Let her -- why don't you let her drive home and you can watch the game on your phone.PIRRO: Drive two cars.WATTERS: I don't know how to watch the game on my phone, Dana.PIRRO: Or drive two cars. Tell her you'll be home later. All right, Harold.GUTFELD: Burn some fossil fuel.PIRRO: Usher says it's going to be an event -- who do you think he's going to bring on?FORD JR.: I don't know. He's -- I know he's going to --well, he said he was going to sing Yeah, so he's going to bring Luda and Lil Jon out with them to do that. And he said he's reached out to Madonna and Bruno Mars and some other people that come before him.PIRRO: Oh, you got some inside on this.FORD JR.: No, no, I've read that -- maybe I got a different -- I've read a different packet than you did. I can't wait -- Super Bowl to me is also like one of the -- it should be a holiday. I mean, you have 16 million people on average who call in with the Super Bowl flu on Monday morning after the Super Bowl. They ought to figure out a way. I think I might be sitting next to one. But I'm going to have chips and --WATTERS: Come on.FORD JR.: I got -- I got sliders --PIRRO: Are you going to here on Monday?FORD JR.: I'll be here on Monday, but that's at 5:00 p.m. It's going to be -- absolutely I will be here.PIRRO: Jesse, are you going to be here Monday?WATTERS: No, I'll be here. The Eagles aren't playing. I'll be here.PIRRO: All right, Dana, they say --FORD JR.: You'll never be late then.PIRRO: By the way, the embassy -- the -- I think it's the American Embassy in Tokyo said don't worry, Americans, Taylor Swift will make it back in time.PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: How much of a blow to the Super Bowl would it be if she missed the Super Bowl?PERINO: I mean, well I called NORAD today. You know, they're the ones that track Santa's sleigh, and they said they're all on top of it. Everything should be fine. I also got a tip because Usher said he wants to bring people together for the Super Bowl. His secret people that he's bringing on to together to reconnect are Harmony, Justin Timberlake, and Britney Spears, same show.GUTFELD: Wow.PIRRO: That's great. All right, so let's do one quickie. 49ers or the Chiefs, Greg?GUTFELD: I'm going to go with the 49ers.PIRRO: Dana?PERINO: I went with the Chiefs for Kamala -- I mean, not Kamala. I went with the Chiefs for -- because Hemmer chose the 49ers and I said that I would take the Chiefs.PIRRO: The Chiefs. How about you, Jess?WATTERS: I'm going 49ers.PIRRO: You, Harold?FORD JR.: Chiefs 31-27.PERINO: Whoa.PIRRO: Chiefs 24-20.PERINO: That's very specific.PIRRO: All right, Larry David getting called despicable for beating up Elmo. "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, Star Trek actor Wil Wheaton going into a rage against Larry David for allegedly attacking Elmo.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SAVANNAH GUTHRIE, CO-HOST, TODAY SHOW: All right, let's go over to Al for a check on the weather.AL ROKER, WEATHER ANCHOR, NBC NEWS: Not yet. Not yet.HODA KOTB, CO-HOST, TODAY SHOW: Wait, wait, wait.CRAIG MELVIN, CO-HOST, TODAY SHOW: Oh.GUTHRIE: Oh, my gosh. You love Elmo, don't you?MELVIN: Oh, my God.ELMO, MUPPET CHARACTER: Mr. Larry, Elmo liked you before.LOUIE, MUPPET CHARACTER: Ask permission -- ask permission before you touch people, Larry.LARRY DAVID, COMEDIAN: Elmo?ELMO: Larry?DAVID: I just want to apologize.ELMO: Thank you, Larry. Elmo --DAVID: That's so big of you.ELMO: Elmo accepts your apology, Larry.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Mr. Wheaton launching a 900-word rant on Mr David's impromptu attack on Elmo saying how it reminded him of his own father abusing him as a child.PIRRO: Oh, my God.FORD JR.: As well as this quote, "So, I heard about Larry David assaulting Elmo on live television. What the bleep is wrong with that guy? Elmo is like the best friend to multiple generations of children. In the Sesame Street Universe, Elmo is a child and Larry bleeping David did that and thought it was going to be funny. What a bleep hole. What a stupid self- centered, tone deaf bleep hole."I'm glad I got do that without saying the words. Jesse, what do you think about this? Is Larry --PERINO: Keep going.FORD JR.: I mean, you don't go up to Big Bird and kick him in the testicles.GUTFELD: He doesn't have testicles.PERINO: He doesn't have them. God, where did you grow up?PIRRO: Thanks, Jesse, for your --WATTERS: Isn't big bird a guy?GUTFELD: No.PERINO: It's a bird.PIRRO: No, it's a bird.GUTFELD: It's a nonbinary.WATTERS: Oh, it's a guy.PIRRO: It is not.GUTFELD: It's nonbinary.WATTERS: Oscar is a guy. Big Bird is a guy. Wait, you don't see gender in the Sesame Street characters?GUTFELD: No, I don't.WATTERS: The point is this, Greg.GUTFELD: They have -- a guy's hand is up his butt.WATTERS: No, it -- I thought it was on those little -- it's a puppet.PIRRO: No.FORD JR.: D.P., did you have this growing up?WATTERS: Big Bird -- there's a person in there, Greg.PERINO: Elmo? I'm too old to have had Elmo. I had Cookie Monster though.FORD JR.: Did you -- I mean, do you think Larry David was having a good time?PERINO: I think Larry David is hilarious and funny and I can't wait to see the new episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm.FORD JR.: The new season is going to be great. Exclamation?GUTFELD: You know, you have to understand this is NBC and they're still reeling from Matt Lauer scandal. You just can't go around grabbing employees like that. It's disgusting. But you know what? Wil Wheaton is one of those guys that lives his life online so he believes that these performative outrages online are actually real. And then when he ventures into the real world, he looks like a complete ass which is what happened here. And he spells his name with one L, Wil.WATTERS: Oh.GUTFELD: Yes. If that's not attention-seeking, I don't know what is.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Yes. I retract my artificial stance.FORD JR.: Judge, what do you think about this?PIRRO: Well, I mean, the first thing I'd want to know is whether or not there was justification for that assault. What did --FORD JR.: You think it was provoked?PIRRO: What did Elmo do?GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Right? That Larry David who's a very good guy felt the need to assault him. And the sentencing as far as I'm concerned was the apology. That's enough. Let it go. That's the end of it.GUTFELD: He won't even -- you know, they won't even keep him. They'll -- he'll be back out on the street.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: I'm for Larry David. Does working from home make you a loser? Minneapolis mayor Jacob Frey think so. Check out these comments he made while touting the benefits of visiting his city's business district.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JACOB FREY, MAYOR, MINNEAPOLIS: Come experience the greatness of downtown. Come back to work. When they stay home sitting on their couch with their nasty cat blanket diddling on their laptop, if they do that for a few months, you become a loser. It's a study. We're not losers, are we?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Stand down.PERINO: Yes.FORD JR.: Exclamation Point, I think he wants to get people back. He's the mayor. They got people -- things invested downtown, but is that the way to incentivize people coming back to work?GUTFELD: This is a guy who presided over the destruction of his city.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: And he wonders why people don't leave their homes to go back to said city. You can -- you can you can't blame people for wanting to stay home and separating themselves from a city that you allowed to die. He had the cops stand down. Not everyone has paid security like him. He's a goofball. He shouldn't be mayor.I mean, Minneapolis used to be an awesome city. It really was. Remember Mary Tyler Moore? Now, it's like nobody wants to go down to -- downtown. It may never come back.PIRRO: Right.FORD JR.: Your honor?PIRRO: Yes, I absolutely agree. I mean, this is the guy who, you know, is calling everybody else a loser when he was a loser in 2020. He's the reason Minneapolis is such a mess. I mean, he forced small businesses to close down, and he made kids stay out of school and hide in their homes, he defunded the police. I mean, you know, try not to -- try not to make like it's great. It's not great.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: Well, I think that all of these mayors -- I understand what they're trying to do. They're trying to bring their downtowns back, but they're doing it in the wrong way. They're just the worst salesmen. They're totally unpersuasive. New York City has got a problem with this. Washington, D.C. is terrible. San Francisco, Denver, what do they all have in common? Big homeless problems, big crime problems. People don't want to go downtown. Their commutes are terrible.And a lot of businesses are saying maybe we can do this hybrid model, OK. So, you can be home two days a week, come in three days, whatever it is. But the world of work is changing and that means these mayors need to change the way to figure out how to get people to want to come back.FORD JR.: How would Mayor Watters try to incent people to come back to downtown if he were the mayor?WATTERS: Well, it's not being a loser if you work from a home your size, Harold. But if I was single in my 20s in a small apartment working on my laptop all day, yes, you're a loser. So, in order to get him back, what would I do?PERINO: Free food?WATTERS: Offer them freebies? I don't know. I don't think that's the right kind of incentive, Dana. I'd probably say something inappropriate about being in the office. That's where the actions at. Maybe there's the afterhours drinks with the staff, those types of things that build camaraderie. Those are the types of things -- and character that you want to encourage in the younger generation.FORD JR.: So, you give them free drinks?WATTERS: I didn't say free drinks, Maybe two for one.PERINO: Let him pay.WATTERS: Ladies night.FORD JR.: "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Facebook Friday. All right, "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" that is. What's your first thought when you wake up in the morning, Harold? And don't say me.FORD JR.: I now -- I now have to think of the second thing. My dogs --GUTFELD: Making you coffeeFORD JR.: My dogs -- my dog come to the side of my bed, my Jack Russell, and let me know --PIRRO: Is it --FORD JR.: Jack Russell.GUTFELD: That's a nice thing to wake up to. Judge, what's your first thought when you wake up in the morning.PIRRO: Is the sun shining?GUTFELD: Jesse?WATTERS: I'm dealing with Jesse Jr.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: I usually have to make him breakfast or --PIRRO: You do?WATTERS: -- deal with him in one way or the other. Yes. He's loud and proud first thing in the morning.GUTFELD: How about you, Dana?WATTERS: I wake up pretty early. I'll say a few prayers.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: That's when I -- that's when I start.GUTFELD: Oh, that's good.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: The first thing you do is pray. You know what I do, and I know every guy does this, do I have to go to -- do I have to pee bad enough get to get out of bed?PIRRO: To get out of bed.WATTERS: I'm changing my answer to Greg's.FORD JR.: That's what -- that's what I do at 2:00 in the morning.GUTFELD: That's what I do every two hours.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: But I know I'm not going to go back to sleep until I do that.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Is there an actor or actress that you just have to see all their work? Dana?PERINO: Hugh Grant.GUTFELD: At least you didn't say John Holmes. Thank you. Jesse?WATTERS: I like Ryan Gosling not in a homosexual way. I like his style. There's also another guy who's like Gosling with brown hair.GUTFELD: Gutfeld.WATTERS: No. What's his name? Not Miles Taylor. Who the hell are you? You know what I'm talking about. He was a boxer the other day in one of his films.GUTFELD: Jason Statham?WATTERS: No.PIRRO: Russell Crowe.WATTERS: No, he's the same age. Jake Gyllenhaal.GUTFELD: Jake Gyllenhaal.WATTERS: Gyllenhaal. I like him. I'll see his stuff too.GUTFELD: All right, Harold?FORD JR.: Matt Damon and Denzel. I can't -- I can't get enough of their --GUTFELD: Denzel is amazing. The Equalizer series is to be seen. Judge?PIRRO: Well, I think I've seen all his movies. He's not around anymore. Charlton Heston I will say.GUTFELD: That's a good one.GUTFELD: Yes. He was quite a president. I was going to say Robert Mitchum, but I'm going to be more contemporary and say Jason Statham because The Beekeeper is the best movie of the year.PIRRO: It is?GUTFELD: Oh, it's amazing. The Beekeeper is amazing. Perfect Fox News premise. It's about online scammers going after the elderly. And Jason Statham just sets him straight.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: He kills them all indiscriminately with gasoline.PIRRO: Yes, OK, next question.GUTFELD: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.PERINO: Judge, Biden had lunch with Heston last week.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Time for "ONE MORE THING." Let's get into a Feeding Frenzy.GUTFELD: Yes, baby.WATTERS: Put it in my -- Greg, did you know it was National Pizza Day? So, happy National Pizza Day. Do you know the average American eats 23 ponds of pizza each year?PIRRO: Really?WATTERS: Did you know that?GUTFELD: Yes, I did.WATTERS: No. There's some things you don't know, Greg. And those things which you don't know, I know. Did you also know that this pie is from Frankie's in Bay Ridge Brooklyn. And I'm going to be naming this pie. I got naming honors. They got Prosciutto Burrata Cheese. We're going to be naming it the Get It Together Pie.GUTFELD: Oh, you make me sick.WATTERS: It has nothing to do with my book that you can pre-order on Amazon right now. Get It Together, thank you so much, Frankie's.And tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," DEI Thursdays on a Friday. Go figure. Greg?GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got an amazing show. Miss Dana Perino, Joe Machi, Lou Perez, Kat Timpf. This is going to be great, 10:00. Hey, we haven't done this in a while.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Animals are great! Animals are great! Animals are great!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You know what it's just as delicious as a pizza, a baby blue penguin just born at the California zoo with the Birch Aquarium. Well, it was hatched at the Birch Aquarium in San Diego. For the first time ever -- this is the first time ever for a little blue penguin to be born. And it grows 20 -- it's growing -- why do I care.Anyway, it's very -- it's very fluffy. He looks about three months old. Penguins are amazing.WATTERS: Larry David is going to hit it.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Anyway, I'm done.WATTERS: Dana?PERINO: Owners of an animal --GUTFELD: An aminol --PERINO: -- animal sanctuary in California have learned the hard way -- have learned the hard way that they have to lock the doors when they go out because look who came in.WATTERS: Oh, boy. This is a camel. His name is Albert. He was trying to sneak snacks out of the kitchen. But he's quite big and clumsy so he's causing you know, a lot of havoc in there. So, you got to lock your doors, everybody in California. Be safe.GUTFELD: Did that happen on Wednesday because that would have been hump day.PERINO: You know what? It did because I didn't do my "ONE MORE THING" yesterday. Very good, Greg.WATTERS: Even when you're funny, you're right. Judge?PIRRO: OK. So, a kangaroo in Florida just wanted to go for a late-night dip. But he got the cops called on him for trespassing after some banter with the sheriff's he eventually gave himself up and was returned to his owner. Unfortunately, the hoppy fellow never got to go for a swim but now he's home safe and sound.PIRRO: I wonder what he took home in his pocket.WATTERS: What's the pocket called, by the way?PIRRO: Pocket.PERINO: Pouch.WATTERS: Pouch. I knew that.FORD JR.: Three dudes. Three men in their 80s has been going to Super Bowl since 1967, since the first AFL -- NFL world championship game. Don Crisman, Greg Eaton, Tom Henschel -- I hope I got your names right -- have been doing this. They can remember a Super Bowl ticket cost eight bucks.PIRRO: Wow.FORD JR.: Henschel is a Steelers fan. Crisman is a Patriots fan. And they still greet each other with a middle finger number one to say how much they care about one another and how much they care about their teams. I hope they have a great time this weekend. Best to them and Go Chiefs.PERINO: Tickets are expensive.WATTERS: Yes. And if anybody rips off their Social Security numbers, who's coming after him? Jason Statham.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Vengeance.FORD JR.: And Denzel.WATTERS: That's all for us tonight. Have a great night, everybody.