NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And add to that, relatively stable inflation, a key component to the Federal Reserve follows had inflation at a core rate in the two percent range, which is ultimately the Fed's goal.Now, whether that can hold, whether these are anomalies that can last, anyone's guess, but for now, they're loving it. Here's THE FIVE.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, I'm Greg Gutfeld along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters and she needs a stepladder to high-five a Keebler elf, Dana Perino. THE FIVE.A major standoff over the border is underway right now, Texas trading barbs with the federal government over literal barbs and Democrats now want Joe Biden to seize Texas troops to sort it all out.Governor Greg Abbott pledging to wrap the border with more razor wire after the Supreme Court gave Biden the go ahead to remove it. Abbott argues it's his state's right to install more of the prickly barriers, even wrote Joe a long letter about it, where he accused him of violating his oath.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): The Biden administration has really, truly abdicated its responsibility to secure the border and enforce the laws. Texas very simply is securing the border.And so, we put up the razor wire that we're talking about, Bill, and we put up all these barricades that actually have denied illegal entry.And as you pointed out, also in that swing that there are criminals coming across our border. Texas has a right as a state to stop criminals from coming into our state. What Texas is doing is what Americans expect to be done.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: So far, at least 17 Republican governors are backing Abbott's right to self-defense. And how's this for malarkey? The same White House that smeared Border Patrol agents as whipping crazed lunatics is all of a sudden concerned that Greg Abbott is putting them in harm's way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We have been very clear, we want to make sure we get something done at the border. That's why we've been having these conversations with Senate Republicans and Democrats for the past several weeks to come up with a bipartisan agreement to deal with the border.Governor Abbott is not interested in it that, he wants to politicize an issue. And he's not helping communities. He actually is -- and he's actually putting Border Patrol agents in harm's way by doing what he's doing.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The standoff is a real mess and sadly, our fearless borders czar Kamala hasn't been able to find a solution.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Sadly, it has become so deeply partisan. And the subject has been political gamesmanship, when in fact, the solutions are at hand and we offered a solution early on and invited bipartisan work, let's work on it to fix this.But sadly, you know, we want to fix it. They want to run on it. They want to -- they want a political issue to run on in November.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: All right, Dana, this is interesting. So the Supreme Court basically said that the feds can take down the razor wire, but Texas can put it back up.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, they didn't say Texas did anything wrong. But what the Supreme Court did without actually giving much of an explanation, which is I think a little bit part of the confusion and might have been a good idea to like write three paragraphs as to what they were thinking. So, it goes back to the appeals court.And then, I think eventually it does get to the Supreme Court. I think it's now up to 24 states that are supporting Abbott.So, this comes down to a question that was really fundamental to the founding of the country. The reason that all the states got together and say, yes, we'll form a union is because the federal government said that it would protect the states and that if it wasn't going to do that, for some reason, because it didn't want to or couldn't, that you could then protect yourself.So, this could really get to the Supreme Court and be very good.I don't think there's a big concern that all of a sudden the Biden administration wants a picture of sending in a bunch of feds in order to try to deal with this because guess what, they haven't done that for the last three years. Why would -- why start now.And I do think that when Kamala Harris says that the Republicans just want a political issue. This is -- this has been going back and forth for a couple of decades in 2007. Harry Reid, remember that guy? The late Harry Reid on the Democratic side, they did the same thing. They said we don't want to have an immigration vote. It was much farther along, and really was basically said that we want Hillary or Obama to be able to run on this issue. And then look what happened, nothing ever got solved.GUTFELD: Exactly. Jesse?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.GUTFELD: Good to see you as always, welcome back to the show.WATTERS: It's good to be back around the table.PERINO: What about me?GUTFELD: Oh, well, you know, I said that to. You know, Jesse, you just heard Kamala Harris tell us that she had a solution, where, what's the solution? Remember it was all about root causes, which included her incompetence.WATTERS: Right. So, the Republicans in the House passed the border security bill last year, and it died under Chuck Schumer. They said they didn't want to touch it because it didn't address root causes. Yes, it did.Imagine, Greg, Russians just start pouring over the Bering Strait into Alaska and the federal government just process them into the state and wouldn't let Alaska repel them, or the Chinese started coming in on their vessels into Hawaii. And the federal government just started processing the Chinese, thousands of them, day after day, and they start filling up Hawaii. And Hawaii couldn't defend itself. That's crazy. It is absolutely crazy.Texas has declared this an invasion. Now the polling shows the majority of the American people believe it's invasion. And if you look at legal precedent, it says the Supreme Court has said that the states have the right to use force to repel an invasion. They're saying this isn't a violent invasion. OK, what about the drugs, the human and the sex trafficking that comes along with this?Now, the Democrats have already said what their goal is, Kamala Harris just said it yesterday. The goal is to process more migrants and give them a faster pathway to citizenship.Jerry Nadler says they want to bring him in so they can pick crops and have babies. The Castro brothers said they want to turn Texas blue. The other Democrats said they want to boost the migrant population in her district because the census counts illegals, so it gives them a boost in representation.Biden has shredded since day one every single thing Donald Trump put there, he stopped deportations, he stopped the wall and started handing out bus tickets and turn the Border Patrol agents into a turnstile.So, if you're going to get -- catch a guy 40 times a trafficker for a cartel and release them, 40 times he's caught and released. You don't want to stop the border crisis. Now, California is paying for sex changes for illegal aliens. Juan comes in, goes to California becomes Juanita, we get the bill. That is absolute insanity, and I will not tolerate it.GUTFELD: I don't know if that's bad.WATTERS: You want Juan to become Juanita? Will you pay for it?GUTFELD: Less competition. Judge.WATTERS: You're doing all right, Greg.GUTFELD: Judge, hypothetically, Civil War is coming. It's coming. We have 24 states on Texas's side, that leaves 26? No, that's 60. Is that 50?PERINO: Yes, Greg.GUTFELD: I was an English major. So, whose side would you go on? I mean, like --JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Take a guess.GUTFELD: Yes. I think I would have to fight for Texas, right?PIRRO: Yes. Look, Texas is defending itself from lawlessness. And what has happened in the Supreme Court was a -- that there was a move to vacate the injunction. That case has not yet been decided in terms of the substance of the case, it's only a procedural thing where they have to take the razor wire down in case it's not cited.The Biden administration is complicit in aiding and abetting the invasion of this country by uninvited, unvetted illegal immigrants. That's the -- that's the -- that's the headline here.To prove it, they have fought every state action where governors have tried to protect their state from illegals, whether it's Texas in the water -- the buoys in the water, Texas and the razor wire over the river, or whether it was Arizona that tried to build the wall.And to prove that they are complicit with this invasion, they moved all the way to the United States Supreme Court to stop the enforcement of Article 42 or Title 42 which required a slow down at the border. They didn't want that.And while Americans first responders, nurses, doctors, veterans, cops, they all had to be vaccinated. The illegals not only were never tested, they were allowed in during an international pandemic. And they were never required to have a vaccine.All the immigrants enter this country and they are allowed to just enter, there's no remain in Mexico. And what the Biden administration did was they allowed millions of dollars in construction property that was ready to build the wall to be stolen or scavenged at the border.And finally, on top of the actions they did this administration, what criminals do, they lied? Joe Biden lied. Karine Jean-Pierre lied. Mayorkas lied to Congress openly and Biden never said I will not allow my Secretary of Homeland Security to lie to the American people and say that the border is secure because it's not.He not only allows buying the lie but they lied about whip gate, never took it back. They lied about the razor wire saying we needed to protect the illegals in case they drowned. Then we find out that drowned an hour before the Border Patrol even knew about it.So, this bill, this bill that they're talking about when the Democrats have the House, the Senate and the Oval and they could have solved this themselves. What they want to do now is they want to allow 5,000 people in a day, that's 150,000 people a month, when the highest number when Donald Trump was there was 70,000, they want to double it.I don't want to pay for them. I don't want him in my school. I don't want my house for those to go bankrupt because of this.GUTFELD: Jessica, I was so pleasantly surprised in the green room when you came up to me and you said, you know, who saw this coming, Donald Trump. If only we had listened to him about the wall, we could have avoided this mess. And I thought, wow, Jessica, that was amazing.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Every time you share our private conversations, a little bit of my heart breaks. I'm mostly wondering if I can get the same research as Jesse so I can get those Nadler quotes about picking crops and making babies.WATTERS: You haven't seen "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME", Jessica, how dare you?TARLOV: I'm tending to my child. (INAUDIBLE) OK, so I'm going to surprise you a little, but then I'll revert to form.So, the surprise is, that the Republicans and specifically Greg Abbott and Ron DeSantis, their thesis that bussing migrants to liberal cities has worked out for them. I remember there was a good amount of outrage, certainly, and even some moderates who thought that the Martha's Vineyard thing was a stun, and it was bad.But now that it has turned into hundreds of thousands of people, you have liberals on the sides of this who are at least saying this is a huge crisis we have to deal with it.Don't worry, guys, I'm back. So, the bipartisan deal that has now been scuttled because Donald Trump called up Mitch McConnell and said, hey, I noticed in Iowa and New Hampshire that immigration is the number one issue and I can't run on the economy anymore because it's going gangbusters. I just want it Larry Kudlow, I want to shout you out. So, 3.3 percent growth for Q4, Kudlow said today --GUTFELD: Mostly government spending. Come on, Jessica.TARLOV: Economic adviser to Donald Trump, Larry Kudlow and a Fox Business employee. Biden gets his due, if I were him, I would be out slinging that hash too.GUTFELD: It is hash, it's really cheap hash. It's government spending. They're spending our money -- yes, to raise (INAUDIBLE)TARLOV: I'll be done so much faster if you just let me go. OK, so --GUTFELD: I wish.TARLOV: Puck reported that Mitch McConnell told the Senate Republican Conference, Donald Trump wants to run on this, the politics has changed and I don't want to undermine him. Mitt Romney was in the hallway this afternoon with a gaggle talking to CNN, I believe, confirming this and then someone, Senator Tillis talking about how he didn't come to the Senate to kowtow to a president, let alone a former president who is now a candidate, he wants to pass good, solid policy.This is where if Democrats can talk about it properly. And they certainly should. And they should be up -- big upping this bipartisan deal, which is what includes the Ukraine funding and the Israel funding. And it does make it harder for migrants to claim asylum and having that failsafe mechanism to prevent --GUTFELD: Jessica.TARLOV: What?GUTFELD: If you didn't want Trump to run on this, why didn't you solve the damn problem three years ago? To come back and go like, oh, my God, they're not solving this problem because they want to run on it. You guys have been playing politics with this longer than anybody.PIRRO: You have the House, the Senate and the Oval for two years. No, but we're not blaming.TARLOV: You're not blaming?PIRRO: We're not blaming because he's not forcing the -- enforcing the law. All he needs to do is enforce the law. And that's the end of it.TARLOV: No, no need to yell. No one actually wants to solve the illegal immigration problem on either side because everyone --GUTFELD: I do, Jessica.TARLOV: I don't believe you.GUTFELD: Well, you know that a little part of my heart just broke.TARLOV: I'm fine with it.GUTFELD: I do have a heart, I think. OK, coming up, the human cueball himself James Carville blasting the media for normalizing President Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Former President Trump on a seemingly unstoppable path to the GOP nomination and it's got the liberal media and Democrats throwing everything and the kitchen sink to try and stop his momentum. James Carville, you remember him? He would like the media to stop treating Trump like a normal candidate.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: There's a massive effort to normalize this. They said in York Times column say, well, the Trump people have a case. You see to have the JP Morgan Chase the largest bank in the United States saying, well, they're right about some things.You see reporters with Jason Miller at the Des Moines Hotel, reminds me of a bunch of German reporters in some Munich bar in 1935 say hey, Gore (PH), he was an entertaining guy. I tell you what, he had some great stories. Nothing is normal about this at all.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And Nancy Pelosi is attacking Trump's mental fitness, accusing the former president of having cognitive disorder. But then she herself got confused.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): I'm not going to spend too much time on Donald Trump's cognitive disorders. He tried to say that Nikki Haley did not allow the National Guard to come but it was Nancy Pelosi. It was nobody. It was Joe -- it was Donald Trump. He knows and you know that Mitch McConnell, Chuck Schumer and I begged for hours for the National Guard to come.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: All right, Greg, James Carville, he's kind of -- he just says whatever he likes, throw it against the wall and see if it sticks. He has no real consequences to what he said.GUTFELD: He's an expert and abnormal. I mean, him calling anybody unhinged. He's like -- he's like a human at flapping screen door in a trailer park Twister.Whenever I hear him, I think of a chipmunk possessed who just got into your Ritalin. So, it's like -- and the fact is, what he's saying is like they're trying to flip the script apparently on mental fitness. But they wrote that script, they were the first on the block to introduce mental fitness and sanity is fair game. Remember Trump and the 25th Amendment. They went so hard on mental illness, they actually created one for themselves. Trump derangement, they just -- and it's gripped everybody from CNN to MSNBC, you can't mention Trump without them seizing up and some internal seizures like -- it's like a stun gun to their extremities when you bring up Donald Trump.I keep predicting that this year is going to be insane. Because all the previous election years were insane. And this one might get crazier.But maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it's just these people, right? When you remove these people from the equation, maybe, you know, because they blown their wad for years on this stuff. And nobody outside their bubble takes it seriously. Maybe this is all that's going to happen, is that these people in America gets on with their lives and votes.PERINO: Jessica, do you think that anything Carville said was useful for Democrats?TARLOV: For a certain subsection of Democrats and James Carville, you know, he's a party elder, right? And he's responsible for one of the more successful democratic presidencies in history, Republicans even like the 90s, right?And we all go by it's the economy stupid, and you wouldn't have that if you didn't have James Carville. And so, that's important.But the overarching point he's making about the normalization of Trump is important. And when you think back to how much we lowered the bar in the beginning, we'd say like, oh, well, he didn't mock a disabled reporter today, or he didn't mock a war hero. Or he didn't say that a woman had blood coming out of her nose and her or whatever.Suddenly, he's having the most fantastic day. And we have learned no lessons about it. Even go back to Iowa coverage on election night of the primary. And this was across the board, people saying, oh, he's acting so civilized, right? He was being nice and conciliatory. Nikki did a great job. Ron even did a good job.And then 10 minutes in, he starts talking about immigrants are poisoning the blood of America and then you got to New Hampshire, he's going after Nikki insinuating that her dress is too cheap to wear and that it's ugly.GUTFELD: How dare you?TARLOV: Yes, it was actually a nice dress. That's true. I did not die from it. But it is not something I want to hear from someone who's going to be president.GUTFELD: I'll take the deeds any day over the words.TARLOV: Mostly would just take interrupting me over anything on any day. The cognitive dissonance thing is fair game, though. And people want to minimize it and say, well, if he has three blunders and Joe Biden has six, that that's what it is.But, you know, the Nikki Haley and Nancy Pelosi mix ups, the magnets and water. I mean, acting out missile defense systems, ding, ding, ding, boom, whoosh. What kind of president is that? That's what he did.GUTFELD: Such an old argument.PERINO: It's weird.TARLOV: It just happened.PERINO: -- what Democrats did in 2016 and lost.PIRRO: Yes. You know, Carville is worried about Donald Trump being normalized. I have news for him. Donald Trump was normalized in 2020 when he was elected President of the United States, OK?Donald Trump is being normalized again as he is coasting to be the candidate for the Republican Party to run again. And I am sick and tired of the Hitler reference, who did he kill? Where's the genocide?You want to talk about 13 American servicemen outside at an airport in Afghanistan while they were waiting for permission to do a kill shot. And the Biden administration is so clueless, they couldn't even get involved in the rules of engagement to give them permission to shoot so they died.You want to talk about killing people? Let's talk about the fentanyl, the drug trafficking and what's coming through the southern border.You know, you want to talk about that? How about the people, the men and women being injured in Iraq and Syria, and the Biden administration doesn't respond until commercial vessels are interfered with by the Houthis.Then, all of a sudden, the Biden administration has a heart. How much lower can we go in this country? Who can the Democrats go, then to compare a president of the United States and the most evil man in this -- in our lifetime?And Jason Miller being a Nazi in a Munich bar, give me a break. Our people have been spit on, thrown out of restaurants when they were told to get in our faces. You want to talk on the hinge? Maxine Waters is unhinged.So, I'm sick of them saying that we're a threat to democracy. They're a threat to my democracy. They're a threat to my First Amendment, my Second Amendment, my religious freedoms, as a parent as being called a domestic terrorist. Now they want to put illegals in my home, I've got the Third Amendment, Fourth Amendment, getting our bank records without search warrants.Why don't they take the time and just say, you know what? Why don't you vote for Donald Trump?TARLOV: We do, every article, in fact --(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: We're stupid, we're rude and we're a bunch of rubes. You know what? The cognitive disorder here is the mumbling bumbling Joe Biden, who can't even stand up without falling down.PERINO: All right, Jesse, can we get your thoughts please?WATTERS: Yes, I think Democrats are walking into a trap on the cognition thing. I mean, Trump says Nikki, he means Nancy, your guy can't walk, can't talk and sees dead people, Jessica.TARLOV: Why do you guys --WATTERS: Let me understand what your strategy for defeating this guy, OK, it's to not campaign, not debate and then hide from the press and the public? It's to arrest him, strip his business license, to rip him off the ballot, then censor him when he's on T.V., censor his spokesman, and then accused him of plotting assassinations, accused him of starting World War III, the Civil War.I mean, he's saying he's going to create death camps. He's going to put Jews, gays and journalists to death. You guys are out of your mind. Because probably you saw that he's -- I think ahead six points in the latest Reuters poll. That's probably why you're wetting the bed and the blankets and the throw pillows.PERINO: And then that poll, that was true. And also there were 26 percent undecided. So, the race is on to talk to them.Up next, major outrage after a woman who says marijuana cause her to fatally stab a man 108 times. She only got community service.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Reefer madness is now a manslaughter defense. A woman in California getting no jail time for fatally stabbing her boyfriend more than a hundred times. Lawyers for 32-year-old Bryn Spejcher blaming marijuana-induced psychosis as the reason why in 2018 she grabbed a serrated bread knife and stabbed her date, Chad, more than a hundred times killing him. She also stabbed her dog and tried to kill herself when cops arrived.Prior to all of this carnage, she' taken two bong hits. Spejcher was later found guilty of involuntary manslaughter but psychiatrist said the stabbing spree was a 100 percent caused by cannabis-induced psychosis. The judge agreed and ruled she experienced a psychotic break from reality and had no control over her actions, gave her two years probation and community service. And the victims friends and family are outraged.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEAN O'MELIA, VICTIM'S FATHER: He has set a precedent in California where it appears to be OK to smoke marijuana and commit a violent crime. She just got away with murder.LU MADISON, FRIEND OF VICTIM'S MOTHER: This 100 hours of community service isn't even one hour per stab that she inflicted on Chad.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Is -- this is the Hunter Biden defense, Judge. I don't have to pay my taxes. I was in a cocaine-induced psychosis.PIRRO: You know, I got to tell you, I mean, I'd like to laugh but this is so painful. So many families are like that father and the mother who didn't say anything. Look, the fact that she voluntarily engaged in smoking marijuana through a bong makes it clear that she is culpable, OK.Now, let's get something straight. She's convicted of involuntary manslaughter. The only thing that the bong did, it prevented her -- or the consequences of the bong prevented her from performing the specific intent which is why she wasn't convicted of a homicide and intentional murder, OK. Or -- and that's why it's manslaughter, all right. That judge didn't have to take into consideration that it was psychosis-induced inhalation of the marijuana. He could have just said I got one life here gone, a young man who did nothing because she made a decision to take not just one hit but two hits from a bong. It was her voluntary acts that caused that man to die.I don't care if they think that she's not responsible ultimately. All I care about is she couldn't form the intent for murder but she's still guilty of involuntary manslaughter. She should have her butt in jail.WATTERS: Greg Gutfeld?GUTFELD: She has a great lawyer, that's for sure, because this is -- I mean, imagine if a drunk driver plows into a family and kills them, and she was drunk on really hard alcohol, and say oh, it was really powerful alcohol. That shouldn't matter. It shouldn't matter. She drank, she hit the family, that's it. You go to jail. So, this is a -- this is strange.I think you know. it's like -- I keep thinking -- I wonder if the -- what would have happened if the genders were reversed. You know what I mean? Is it because it was so brutal and that she's a female, that that was the way they were able to say it had to have been the drug because she's a woman and no woman would stab a hundred times. You know, and saying that somehow she was coerced to take the bong hit. I mean, this is garbage. She -- like, it's just -- yes, it's an injustice.WATTERS: Dana?PERINO: Well, I agree with all of that. And I keep thinking of somebody like Daniel Penny who is facing an involuntary murder charge here in New York City.PIRRO: Manslaughter.PERINO: Manslaughter, right?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And because he -- and he wasn't on any drugs, because he was trying to protect people on the subway from a crazy man who was on drugs. That is outrageous.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Jessica?TARLOV: This high potency marijuana defense or this drug itself is now going to turn into something that people are concerned about. And I've been noticing that amongst my friends who it's legal here folks who smoke pot that they won't buy from a dealer anymore, they have to go to a store, right? Somewhere where you know that it's not laced with fentanyl or something else.And this I'm sure will be the new frontier in that, that if you hear that someone -- and I don't know this woman. It seems like there should be greater punishment than what she got for this. I don't I wouldn't imagine if she was dating a guy, that she went over there to stab him a 100 times and then try to kill a dog in herself. I think obviously something did chemically react within her to do it, but this is going to be a new thing that we're going to have to be concerned about.GUTFELD: But here's the thing. Think about this. If you were -- if you -- let's say there was a fight and she stabbed him, and on the third stab she --TARLOV: She was like I should just go for it.GUTFELD: I should go for it because then it went from murder to psychosis. You just do something completely insane.TARLOV: Is she like a basic instinct --GUTFELD: Just make it look insane.PIRRO: Both the prosecution and the defense agreed that she was in a psychotic state. And that's why this thing is such a low crime which -- where -- for which she could face only four years. But what you're saying is so important, Jessica. When I was D.A., THC was four percent in marijuana. Today, it's 90 percent. That's a real problem.WATTERS: OK. Coming up next, the homeless crisis goes deep in America, 20 ft below street level. The homeless found living in caves.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: A shocking new low for the homeless crisis in Liberal California, and I'm talking really low. Homeless people have been found living in caves about 20 ft below street level. Police and volunteers clearing out one deep-dwelling about 75 miles from Sacramento. The underground lair came fully furnished with trash and drugs, but was dangerously constructed and many feared it could have caved in and seriously hurt someone.But if caves are the new norm, then officials in Los Angeles will have to do some extra digging. Right now, 6000 volunteers are walking around the City of Angels and painstakingly counting vagrants one by one for its annual count of homeless residents.All right, Dana, I'll start with you. It's great the police are getting them out of caves. Where do they go from there?PERINO: I don't know. But it takes 6000 volunteers to count the homeless that there's -- this is crazy, very crazy. But people in California have had enough. The homeless situation is not -- it's not good for anybody. It's certainly not good for business. It's not good for the people who are homeless and their families. I think we forget about that. Their families who are saying like we want to get them into treatment or to someplace at least to be safe.Imagine if you know that your brother, your sister, your cousin, whoever is out on the street and that -- the anguish that that brings.The other thing that's happening in California is we've have all the retail theft. And I just was learning more about this today. The California District Attorneys Association has got a repeal effort for Prop 47. That's when we talk about all the time. It basically says you could steal anything, and it doesn't matter. They already have 200,000 signatures in under 30 days to repeal it. Their polling shows that 70 percent of Californians would support that, 89 percent of that want it changed. It would also include some tougher penalties for things like fentanyl distribution and some drug treatment.So, there's a move by the district attorneys which I think, you know, those are good people, and it's not a red versus blue issue. It's not partisan. This is about saving the state.PIRRO: Yes. And you know, Los Angeles is getting funding based off of how many homeless they have. So, is it in their interest, Greg?GUTFELD: Yes. It's kind of tough because if they count more of them they get more money. But if they count more of them, then they look like they're doing a terrible job. Look, this whole cave thing, we grew up with this. It was The Flintstones. This is like a lot of fun. And maybe this is the solution. You know, better in a cave than in the subways or on the streets harassing people creating chaos and eyesores and mayhem and putting -- pushing women in front of sub way cars.You know, people in charge refuse to do the right thing. You know, we talk -- the solutions are tough but that's the only way you can do it. And if you don't do it, you end up with people in caves. You can't -- if they're mentally ill, you can't institutionalize them because that's too mean. If they're drug addicts, you can't get them -- force them into a facility and get them cleaned up because that's mean. So, what do you end up with? You end up with people on the street or in caves.I think we need more enforcement of these laws. We need to make it -- we need to disincentivize this because I'm -- we're not talking about you know, a family living paycheck to paycheck. Anybody that has been around living in cities knows that's not the case. We've been fed a lie that oh, my God, they're just like this young couple down on their luck with a baby. No, you've never faced New York City homeless, you know.It's just more proof that progressivism is regressivism. Now we're back to living in caves. You know, they get rid of cars, get rid of appliances. What's next? You're going to like pull hair -- pull women by their hair, you know. Oh, wait, they're doing that because women can now fight men in MMA.PIRRO: I got that. All right, Jesse, what are your thoughts?WATTERS: It's a man cave. So what? Not bothering me, Judge. We finally found the solution to the homeless crisis They're not on the sidewalks, they're in a cave. People go exploring into the wilderness. They pitch tents, they build fires, they call it camping. Let them sleep in a cave.GUTFELD: At least they're camping in the right spot.WATTERS: Right. You're just upset in L.A. because you can't profit off of them in a cave.PIRRO: Go ahead, Jessica.WATTERS: You can't give them services, you can't count them, you can't --TARLOV: But it can collapse and they die.PIRRO: Yes, there's a danger.WATTERS: OK. Well, people are dying on the sidewalks. They're safer in a cave, out of sight, out of mind is my unofficial stance for today.GUTFELD: Dying never matters. Dying never matter to the left.PIRRO: All right, Jessica, go ahead.TARLOV: Not bothering you doesn't equal safer.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Well, safer for all the business owners on the streets.GUTFELD: You guys didn't care. (INAUDIBLE)TARLOV: You guys were in unison. That's crazy.PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: Did somebody hear an obnoxious echo?PIRRO: Yes. All right, you want to --TARLOV: I'm done.PIRRO: You're done?TARLOV: I'm tapping out.PIRRO: All right, she's done. Oh, you're going to love the next thing. Up next, Hillary Clinton attempting the Macarena and it goes exactly how you think it would.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Welcome back! You're never too old to get into the groove. Hillary Clinton attempting the Macarena dance with the band who wrote the hit song during a party in Spain.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: But it wasn't the first time Hillary's busted a movie to the Macarena. Here's a blast from the past, the 1996 DNC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: OK. Who wants to make fun of Hillary Clinton? Greg?GUTFELD: Well, anything that gets her out of the house, you know. While she does her dance, Bill unbuckles his pants.TARLOV: Somebody prepped.GUTFELD: While she does the Macarena, he does has a waitress named Gina. There you go. That's it for me.TARLOV: All done?GUTFELD: All done. Just two today.TARLOV: Judge?PIRRO: I have nothing to say. Anyway, she's so light on her feet. That's because she has to keep steps ahead of her enemies. I don't know. I can't deal with her.TARLOV: Jesse, are you good at the Macarena?WATTERS: Yes, I know how to do it.TARLOV: I saw you doing a --WATTERS: One, two, and then --GUTFELD: Why don't you work this in?WATTERS: Let me try this again. This way, this way, this way, head, head, head, head.TARLOV: Yes.WATTERS: Right?TARLOV: Exactly I think that's it.GUTFELD: You can even make the Macarena look sleazy.WATTERS: Thank you.TARLOV: Dana?PERINO: I just think if you get invited to a party and they're playing that song and you're like -- and you're the guest and they're like bringing you up. Yes, I could give it a shot.WATTERS: Hey, Macarena.PERINO: I could give it a shot.TARLOV: Yes.WATTERS: You can't not say, hey -- when everyone does that.TARLOV: Yes.GUTFELD: Do you know what the song's about?PERINO: No. Macaroni?GUTFELD: No. It was about a horrible crime committed in the city of Macarena.PERINO: Oh, my God. Really?GUTFELD: Yes. And they're celebrating it.PERINO: That's terrible.TARLOV: He's making that up.PIRRO: Did they make money?GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: That's a crime.TARLOV: OK.PIRRO: It makes sense now.TARLOV: OK. Everything's coming together. OK, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Time now for "ONE MORE THING." Jesse.WATTERS: Who needs roses and chocolates, Greg, when you can just go over to the Fox News shop for Valentine's Day. Look what we have here. A sherpa blanket, snuggle up with your loved one or maybe you don't love her. Just snuggle up. Wine tumblers as well, new mugs, foxnewsshop.com.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," it's DEI Thursday. We'll be celebrating tonight at 8:00.GUTFELD: Excellent job there, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you.GUTFELD: Dana?PERINO: So, you know, a lot of people like to complain about airlines and - -GUTFELD: I hate that. I hate when they complain.PERINO: But check out this lady. She works for Southwest and the carousel was -- or the bag baggage thing was broken. She brought each of those bags up one by one by hand.PIRRO: Wow.PERINO: So, I hope Southwest gives this woman a raise. Check her out.PIRRO: I bet everybody at the airport loved her.PERINO: Absolutely.PIRRO: Good for her.GUTFELD: That lady has a lot of baggage.WATTERS: I'm not going to say a thing.GUTFELD: All right, this is me. Tonight, oh, what -- do I have a great show or what? Check this out. Tom Shillue, Jamie Lissow, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. If you don't watch that, you're dead to me.Hey, let's do this. Greg's Guess the Animal Sound. All right, so you get the -- we're going to play the animal sounds and you guys guess.TARLOV: Oh, yes.GUTFELD: Oh, good, Jessica. She woke up.PERINO: She's excited.GUTFELD: All right, play the animal sounds.PIRRO: What?GUTFELD: It sounds to me like James Carville. All right, Judge?PIRRO: Peacock.GUTFELD: A peacock.TARLOV: It's not going to be right. For a second I thought hyena, but it's probably like a squirrel or something.WATTERS: A steer.GUTFELD: Oh, a steer.PERINO: It's definitely not a steer.GUTFELD: Say the lady from Wyoming.PERINO: A seagull.GUTFELD: A seagull. All right, why don't we play it. Yes, it's a baby elephant named Rama at the Oklahoma City Zoo. And it lets out happy squeals when it plays. Isn't that adorable?WATTERS: I want to show for the record that a steer is closer to elephant than a seagull.PERINO: OK. Fair.GUTFELD: All right.PERINO: Fair.TARLOV: I just learned that baby elephants weigh 250 pounds when they're born.GUTFELD: Oh, it's that a great fact.PIRRO: Really?WATTERS: Imagine that labor.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: It's not bad for a full-sized elephant.PIRRO: You will never imagine it, Jesse. That's the bad news. Men never get to imagine that.WATTERS: That's good news.GUTFELD: All right, Judge.PIRRO: All right, good. A diligent dog named Little Man understands the importance of keeping your eye on the prize. He sleeps with his tennis ball at all times because he doesn't want any of his siblings waking up first and stealing it. You snooze, you lose. Not in this case.GUTFELD: Where is he sleeping? Is this some kind of weird hotel for Greyhounds?PIRRO: It looks like a pull-out bed of some sort.PERINO: It might have -- they have it elevated.GUTFELD: He had -- he had a wild night.TARLOV: Oh, it's above his cage. It's on top of a cage.PIRRO: Yes?GUTFELD: There you go.TARLOV: Well, when it pulls out, you can --PERINO: Percy fell asleep with a ball.PIRRO: Maybe he has TMJ when he doesn't have that ball in his mouth.GUTFELD: Yes. All right, Jessica, it apparently is your turn. And you have plenty of time so stretch it out a little bit. Work some politics into it.TARLOV: I don't want to. People enjoy this segment, so I'm not going to bring anything up about that. But I thought this was a cute story. It was out of there. There's a big interview with Tom Hollander who stars in White Lotus and The Guardian and he was telling the story about how he once received a seven-figure bonus meant for Spider-Man star Tom Holland. So, he's at the theater and he checks his email in the middle of the show, like an intermission, and suddenly he got a bonus worth more money than he ever could imagine. Obviously, it was a huge accounting error from the agency.GUTFELD: And he told -- he said he fessed up?TARLOV: Yes. I don't think it worked. Like, it didn't deposit into his account.GUTFELD: Could you imagine if you got somebody else's bonus?TARLOV: What would you do?GUTFELD: At work, at work.PIRRO: You can't --GUTFELD: No, but if it's at work and you know that they got that bonus, would that just burn you up?PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes, it would.WATTERS: If you got Kilmeade's bonus.GUTFELD: Oh, my God. Yes.TARLOV: We still have time.GUTFELD: Well, how that -- why that guy gets paid is beyond me.WATTERS: I think he pays Fox to work here.GUTFELD: That's true.PERINO: He probably would.WATTERS: He would. He would. Anything I can do to help.GUTFELD: When we have a lot of time, we just bash Kilmeade.PIRRO: All right, it's so unfair.PERINO: That's not fair.GUTFELD: All right, that's it for us. Have a great night!