SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Please join me for Fox News Sunday. My guests are South Carolina Senator, Tim Scott and New Hampshire Governor Chris Sununu, also Colorado Senator Michael Bennet joining us too. Thanks for watching "SPECIAL REPORT." I'm Shannon Bream in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is up next.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro in for Laura Ingraham and this is a special edition of THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from New York City tonight. Judge Arthur Engoron is finally getting the spotlight he wanted so badly at the start of Trump's New York civil fraud trial.Late today, he ordered the former president and his companies to pay $355 million, claiming they're liable for, quote, persistent and repeated fraud, falsifying business records, issuing false financial statements and insurance fraud. But that's not all, Engoron also banned Trump from operating a business in New York for three years, and two of his sons, Don Jr. and Eric, who I'll speak within moments were banned for two years. Each of the boys are ordered to pay $4 million in fines.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You build a great company, there was no fraud. The banks all got their money. They used the statute. It's a consumer fraud statute that's never been used for a thing like this before. They used it on me. If I weren't running, none of this stuff would have ever happened. None of these lawsuits would have ever happened. Nothing would -- I would have had a nice life.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And the irony here is the attorney general brought a case under a law that is typically used to protect consumers when not one consumer was defrauded. The Trump organization says it never missed a loan payment, that they were never in default on any loans. They did not go out of business, and they did not scam anyone. In fact, even The New York Times had to admit the so called victims here, the bankers who lent to Trump testified that they were thrilled to have Trump as a client, and while a parade of witnesses echoed the attorney general's claim that the Trump's annual financial statements were works of fiction, none offered any evidence showing that Trump explicitly intended to fool the banks.This company was dealing with the largest bank lenders in the world, who had sophisticated accountants, agents, real estate experts, whose job it was to dissect every possible permutation of a commercial real estate transaction. And the process between those banks and anyone seeking a loan, including the former president is extremely complicated.Banks never rely on those who requests the loan for their own evaluation. The decision by this judge is nothing more than an unhinged Leftist judge and an attorney general on a power trip, trying to take down a former President of the United States and take away his assets.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES, ATTORNEY GENERAL, NEW YORK: Today justice has been served. Today we prove that no one is above the law. No matter how rich, powerful, or politically connected you are, everyone must play by the same rules. Donald Trump may have authored the art of the deal, but he perfected the art of the steal. This long running fraud was intentional, egregious, illegal.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And this was her mission all along. She promised and ran on destroying Donald Trump(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES: I am going into the Office of Attorney General every day, suing him, defending your rights and then going home. We will rise up together and we will resist this president that ultimately will bring him down.CROWD: Donald Trump has got to go.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: The claim that the Trump family was not remorseful is absurd. There was nothing to be remorseful about, and the continuing lawfare against President Trump will do nothing but catapult him into the White House, because Americans do not have an appetite for this kind of corrupt politics.And joining us now is Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel and Fox News Contributor and Tim Parlatore, former Trump attorney. Sol, is this decision supported by the evidence?SOL WISENBERG, FORMER DEPUTY INDEPENDENT COUNSEL: Well, I certainly don't see how the part of the decision that imposes a $355 million judgment is supported by the evidence because as the judge points out in the very first paragraph of his opinion and as you pointed out, there's no loss from the bank. The loans were repaid. Now certainly you can legally engage in fraud of all kinds even if the victim doesn't lose them money, but to impose a penalty of $355 million and to bar him for three years and his sons for two years, seems to me to be completely out of proportion to the actual loss here, which was zilch.PIRRO: And, you know, Tim, the New York decision is basically saying that he misrepresented as well, since when is that a crime, although the Trump will not, they will not concede to that at all. And they were dealing with the most sophisticated, intelligent banks that knew exactly what they were doing and have got every penny, they made hundreds of millions of dollars.TIM PARLATORE, FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY: Exactly. And you're talking about a bank here that did their own due diligence and testified that they knew what the true numbers were based on their valuation. But also, we're not just talking about, they say that there's a million dollars in the bank, when there's really $5 in the bank. It's valuations that really come into, what is the market value? What is people's opinions of the value? it's not something that is so set in stone, and so, you know, to then bring that to an intent to defraud where they would have qualified for these loans anyway, and clearly they qualify for them because they paid them all back.PIRRO: They paid them all back. But the interesting thing, Sol, is it -- these decision mentions Ivanka Trump and reading this, Ivanka Trump was a thoughtful, articulate, and poised witness. But the court found her inconsistent recall, depending on whether she was questioned by the Office of the Attorney General or the defense suspect. Sol, so how could you be thoughtful and also suspect?WISENBERG: I can't get inside the judge's mind. But I have a question for everybody, which is where were all of these people during the 35 years before Donald Trump became an announced candidate for president. Why weren't these people investigating this alleged fraud? People, if there's fraud going on, the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Southern District of New York, the District Attorney's Office in Manhattan, it doesn't seem like they were doing their job at all, it appears that there was no effort whatsoever to even look at former President Trump until he became a controversial political figure.And as you pointed out, the Attorney General is really shocking and unethical. She -- for her to be involved in this case, when she ran for office on a platform of getting Trump which by the way, Alvin Bragg did and which by the way, Fani Willis did as well.PIRRO: And you know, Sol, you and I, I mean, when I was elected DA or judge, had I even said that line once, they would have removed me. But Tim, what I'd like to ask you is I want you to take a listen to this sound where the judge had signaled, he was going to impose corporate death. Do we have that? All right. Well, apparently the judge has signaled he was going to impose the corporate death penalty. He was going to revoke the business certificates. He didn't do that, and the person was depressed.PARLATORE: Yes. It's interesting to read the decision where he is reinstating, revoking that portion of the order, based on the fact that he's imposing all of these other so-called controls and giving, giving other people essentially government appointed jobs to oversee the Trump Organization. And so, by doing that, and by really giving significant amount of money to a few people, that is something that could save the business licenses.PIRRO: And Sol, what do you think the chances are on appeal with this case?WISENBERG: I don't know enough about New York civil law, but it strikes me to be constitutionally extremely dubious to basically impose $355 million judgment in a case where there is no loss. That is just mind-boggling to me. I've never seen a case where that happened.PIRRO: And you know, Sol and Tim, none of us have, because it never has happened. Anyway, thanks so much for being with us this evening. And joining us now is Eric Trump, Executive Vice President of the Trump Organization. Eric, you and your brother were fined $4 million each, both barred from operating a business in New York for two years. I mean, what are your thoughts tonight?ERIC TRUMP, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, TRUMP ORGANIZATION: Listen, Jeanine, honestly my thoughts are the best thing I ever did was get out in New York. New York is a hopeless place at this point. It's so sad. This judge ruled against my father before we even went to trial, he ruled against our entire family. It was a setup from the very beginning. This was never supposed to be in that court. It was supposed to be in the commercial division, they would never allow it to get there.This judge, the animosity, the way he looked at my father in the courthouse was horrible. I've never seen such hatred in anybody's eyes before. Jeanine, we're an amazing company. And I can truly say that I've never -- we have never missed a loan payment. We've never defaulted. We've never breached a covenant. Deutsche Bank, they're the most respected and sophisticated bank in the world, they came in effectively testified that they had an amazing relationship with us.We paid off every loan ahead of time, they made hundreds of millions of dollars off of our organization, we put hundreds of millions of dollars of extra collateral into the respective assets made them top tier, we're called by every single lender, a platinum borrower. Every single one has called us a platinum borrower, again, never a default.And you have an Attorney General who ran on the notion of getting my father, I'm going to go into the Attorney General's office every single day, sue Donald Trump, and go home, I'm going to take him down, you watch. I'm going to sue the blank out of him. That was her political platform. She campaigned on that. Se fund raised on that. We didn't have a chance, Jeanine.PIRRO: I know.E. TRUMP: We just didn't have a chance in New York because it's a rigged system. And you could not have a better real estate company than ours. You could not have a more professional real estate company than ours. When COVID hit and they shut down every single hospitality company in the country, guess who never missed a loan payment. Guess who paid all of their employees, guess who always did the right thing. Guess who employs thousands of New Yorkers every single day, puts food on the table for their families, educates their children.I mean, you have a law state right now where you have businesses fleeing, fleeing, fleeing, and you have a company like ours that had paid over $300 million in taxes to a city. My father built the skyline of New York City. And this is the thanks he gets for doing absolutely nothing wrong, not $1 of financial loss, the exact opposite.Hundreds of millions of dollars in financial gain. And as to Don and I, we -- every single witness testified, we have nothing to do with this. They went in witness after witness. It's just not what they did in the company. It didn't matter this guy. You know, we were trophies on a wall for this guy. This is a state of New York. I caution anybody. I caution anybody even thinking about moving to New York to just -- be careful. This is not the state that my father grew up in. This is not the state that we grew up in, this is the demise of a politically weaponized system and it's horribly sad, Jeanine.And I promise you, we're going to fight this and we're going to win at the appellate division because honestly, it's so egregious. It's so egregious, I promise you, we're going to get overturned.PIRRO: Well, you know, and I hear the passion in your voice. And I mean, so many people agree with you, so many people agree. Letitia James was out of control in terms of what she promised. Then you've got a judge who's unhinged, and juries get it wrong most times. When he said he decides based on emotion, I mean, everything about it was all about lawfare.But you guys have had to fight this every single day, every day since Donald Trump took office. And at some point, you have to say to yourselves. I mean, this is just too much. But your family never gives up, the president never gives up. Why?E. TRUMP: My father never gives up. He's the toughest guy I've ever met my entire life and he is hell bent on winning, and we're going to win in November and, Judge Jeanine, you know this. If he wasn't the frontrunner for President of the United States right now. They wouldn't be doing this. This has never been tried in New York before. There's no better real estate company in the country than us. They would not be doing this, if Donald Trump wasn't the frontrunner for President beating Joe Biden in every single poll absolutely blowing Nikki Haley out of the water. That's why they're attacking him.They're attacking him civilly. They're attacking him criminally. They're doing everything they possibly can, no different than impeachment one, impeachment two, the Russia hoax, the spying on his campaign, they're going after Kavanaugh. They're going after all of his advisors. They're trying to -- they're doing it because Donald Trump is winning. They're scared of the movement that he's created, which he's questioned the power in Washington, DC.And one more thing, Judge, the Appellate Court has already declared victory for us in so many of the aspects of the case that the judge ruled against us on today. The biggest one being statute of limitations.PIRRO: Right.E. TRUMP: And it's really insane. He just frankly, he just ignores it and moves on. But this is his way of trying to punish Donald Trump, literally weeks before he decides to retire and sail into the sunset and it has to be stopped, we're better than this as a country.PIRRO: Yes, we certainly are. All right, Eric Trump, thank you so much for being with us. All right. And I'm giving Fulton County DA Fani Willis a piece of my mind, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, DA, FULTON COUNTY: You've been intrusive into people's personal lives. You're confused, you think I'm on trial. These people are on trial for trying to steal an election in 2020. I'm not on trial no matter how hard you try to put me on. trial. So, let's be clear because you lied in this -- let me tell you which one you lied in, right here. I think you lied right here. No, no, no, no, this is the truth. It is a lie. It is a lie. I don't need anybody to foot my bills. The only man who has ever foot my bills completely is my daddy.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Fulton County DA Fani Willis acted nothing like an experienced prosecutor yesterday, which is probably why she was kept off the stand today. Joining us now is Jonathan Turley, George Washington University Law Professor and Fox News Contributor. Professor, I can guess what the answer is, but I'm going to ask you anyway. Have you ever seen an attorney act like this on the witness stand?JONATHAN TURLEY, LAW PROFESSOR, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: No, it was really breathtaking. I thought that what was astonishing was how she acted like there was no judge in the room. I mean, she just conveyed that she had little fear that the judge would cut her off. And by the end of that day of testimony, it was clear that she was right that the judge had issued two cautions.She clearly did not think he would do anything more and he did not. And so, she went on at length talking about men in relationships and hiring foreign taxi drivers, and no one stopped her.PIRRO: Well, and the amazing part of it is the two warnings that the judge gave. Jonathan, are we'd be able to strike your testimony? If it were me, I'd say you're going to be on the county bus on your way to the local jail, we're going to hold you in contempt. They weren't -- she actually was making statements that had nothing to do with questions that were totally unresponsive that should have been stricken. I've never seen a judge allow this to happen in his courtroom. And what do you think she actually has been in the courtroom based upon the way she behaved?TURLEY: Well, I don't know why I don't get judges like this, because all the judges I get actually really keep you to their orders. And it would be on me like ugly on moose if I tried to do any of this stuff. But the strange thing about, about this, is if you read the order that came down with Donald Trump, there's a section in there where the judge says that Trump did not -- was not responsive. The questions went on and on, made outrageous comments. It was virtually a description of Willis.PIRRO: Yes.TURLEY: But one of them was sanctioned and the other one was allowed to run the clock.PIRRO: That is, that is so true. I mean, one was clearly sanctioned and punished in many ways, and the other was not. Anyway, look, there is a very low bar here. The only issue is the appearance of impropriety, not even actual impropriety. How do you think this is going to end up?TURLEY: When you look at these cases, the courts generally do not just toss out the case, you have a grand jury recommendation, the courts have looked at the evidence. So, they tend not to throw the case out, they can throw the prosecutors out, they can even throw the office out and send this to another office.But most are more modest, they will disqualify one or two prosecutors. They have put this judge in a really bad position, because the testimony of Willis and Wade were really unbelievable at points.PIRRO: Yes, yes.TURLEY: They -- you had -- you actually had Willis just redefining questions that he is accused of falsely answering.PIRRO: Right.TURLEY: But both of them are prosecuting people for making false statements to court and --PIRRO: It was amazing.TURLEY: -- they are now, allegedly responsible for that.PIRRO: Right. And I want to quickly ask you about the decision that came down in New York against Donald Trump and the sanction, the financial and the not doing business for three years.TURLEY: Yes, I was very disappointed. And quite frankly, I think that the ultimate award was grotesque. And it shocks the conscience. I was hoping this judge would transcend expectations and show that he could hand down a more moderate sanction. But you know, this is the equivalent of the gross national product of a number of countries, and you don't have a single victim that lost a single cent. And if you read his opinion, a lot of it is speculative, like saying, if they had told more or they've been more accurate, they would have imposed greater interest rates.That's not necessarily true. The people that testified said that these banks considered Trump a whale, and they wanted to keep doing business with him. And the Trump Corporation was well-known for really knuckling big banks to get the best possible interest. So, at points like that, you just are left with speculation.PIRRO: Yes. Jonathan, it's always good to have you on. Thanks so much for being with us tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIS: I have money in my house.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have money in your house, so it was just money that was there.WILLIS: When you meet my father, he's going to tell you as a woman, you should always have, which I don't have, so let's don't tell him that, you should have at least six months in cash at your house at all time. And my worst days has probably only been $500 or $1,000. And my best days, I probably had $15,000 in my house, OK, cash.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Fani's financial advice come straight from her dad, who took the witness stand today and explained why.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN CLIFFORD FLOYD III, FANI WILLIS'S FATHER: Your honor, I'm not trying to be racist, OK. But it's a black thing. OK. You know, I was trained and most black folks, they hide cash, or they keep cash, and I was, no, I trained, you always keep some cash. I've always kept cash, and I've told my daughter, you keep six months' worth of cash always.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Joining me now is Horace Cooper, Chairman of Project 21, Horace, really?HORACE COOPER, CHAIRMAN, PROJECT 21: It looked to me like we were watching David Duke in Blackface. When Ashley Merchant first filed her motion, showing all of this double dealing that was occurring, I started chronicling it on Twitter or X. And it is remarkable that it's OK to malign black people by making claims when you haven't followed the rules. We have one black attorney, Mr. Wade, who claims that he doesn't need to go through a divorce proceeding, he can independently decide when his marriage has ended.You have the senior DA, the DA herself, she's able to declare that the requirements for disclosure, she can reinterpret those and it's always great to hear the DA say that she prefers Grey Goose to wine. What these people are doing is they are showing that their mediocrities, regardless of race, how this person got to be the district of attorney, I'll never know.How her father is able to represent in public that his peculiar behavior is something that only blacks do. Again, if David Duke had said something like, this is some peculiar thing that only blacks do. We'd all understand. I ask you and I announced on Twitter today, this morning, I have seen enough. These people lack professionalism. They lack integrity. They are not credible witnesses and since the only other witness we had yesterday, testified that the relationship began in 2019.I fully expect judge McAfee, sometime next week to disqualify them. It won't be because they're black. It will be because they lack integrity and they have used; they attempted a great gift to use taxpayer dollars to support their lavish lifestyle and their little mini love affair.PIRRO: All right. Well, Horace, we shall see if the judge has the backbone to do that. Thanks so much for being with us tonight. And President Biden finally visiting East Palestine today -- Palestine today more than a year after a toxic train derailment uprooted the lives of its residents. My next guest has been waiting for this entire time for Joe to come, his message to the President after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I've spoken with every official in Ohio, and I will be out there at some point.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I don't have anything to share on a planned visit for the president to Ohio. Discussions are underway, just don't have anything locked in.BIDEN: I haven't had the occasion to go to East Palestine. There's a lot going on.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: It's been 378 days since a Norfolk Southern train skidded off the tracks in East Palestine, Ohio, unleashing more than one million pounds of hazardous chemical carcinogens into the water, into the streets, and into the soil.For two days, the small Midwest community was blanketed in a toxic haze as chemicals from the train cars burned off and created a plume of smoke visible even from space. It was an apocalyptic scene, but the president couldn't be bothered to visit until today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We're the United States of America, for God's sake. We have obligations to one another. There's nothing beyond our capacity when we do it together, and we're going to stay here and do it together as long as it takes.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Russell Murphy has lived in Palestine for 23 years, and he joins me now.Russell, are you happy Joe finally visited?RUSSELL MURPHY, RESIDENT, EAST PALESTINE, OHIO:I'm ecstatic. Yes, it was great to see him show up with his hands in his pockets and shovel -- shoveling himself across ground zero gravel parking lot with nothing in his pockets for anybody.PIRRO: Well, you know, the truth is that, you know, he says he hasn't had the time or, you know, he hasn't had occasion. When he took 140 days vacation last year, which is 10 times the average two weeks, assuming you could get two weeks.Why do you think he was not interested in showing up when Donald Trump showed up within a couple of days? What's that about?MURPHY: Sure, yes, Trump showed up and before Trump got here, he sent a semi-truck, had water, detergent, other things. He was compassionate. He bought lunch for some of the workers and some of the people that was traveling with him.Biden gets here with a 22, 28-car motorcade. And like I said, with nothing. He'd have been better off riding a donkey from D.C.PIRRO: Well, you know, when Joe Biden did show up, did he bring, I mean, we know that a lot of money was sent to the residents in Maui who suffered from the fire. I mean, how much a residence in your town getting?MURPHY: After you grovel to Norfolk to reimburse you for something because of them coming here and breaking their toy and leaving. It isn't much. You know, we need, you know, the fancy pens where he signs executive orders and he gives one to somebody.You know, he could have just brought one of them pens and signed loans, you know, for people that want to get out of here. Its long-term lifetime health care, medical monitoring, something signs into.PIRRO: Yes, it seems that we're having some trouble here. Let me just say thank you. OK.All right. Biden visits East Palestine a year later, even if he doesn't know it.And Raymond Arroyo gets three wishes because it's Friday and Friday Follies is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's Friday and that means it's time for Friday Follies. OK, for that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Hey.PIRRO: Now, Raymond, for Biden, it's been another difficult week.ARROYO: Isn't everyone difficult? Look, coming off a week where the special prosecutor said Biden's memory was shot. The president only compounded the appraisal this week, a year after the train disaster. You were just reporting this in East Palestine.They confronted a disaster of a different variety today. A presidential visit. The train wreck began this way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I also want to thank the EPA administrator here with me. You pay Administrator Reagan as well. I can already see this. The realm won't define you. It just defines you in a different way.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: It won't define you. It'll define you in a different way, Judge.PIRRO: What is wrong with him?ARROYO: He's making no sense. These poor people have been through a terrible tragedy and a disaster. His visit did nothing for them today.PIRRO: Well, you know what they say?ARROYO: Yes.PIRRO: They say better late than never. I say in the case of East Palestine, better never than late.ARROYO: Yes. Well, but he's the guy delivering in.PIRRO: What is wrong with him?ARROYO: Well, he's in serious mental decline. I mean, it's so obvious now. And when they took him to the site derailment, the where the train derailed, he walked up and he said, what are we doing here? And the guy said, well, this is the site.He was utterly confused. He literally does not know where he is. And you hear the syntax. This is not in any way compelling.PIRRO: It's elder abuse.ARROYO: It's sad.PIRRO: Anyway, --ARROYO: It's really sad.PIRRO: -- today, Biden turned to foreign policy, addressing the situation in Israel and Russia.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: It's American hostages as well. And, you know, my hope and expectation is, that we'll get this hostage deal. We'll bring the Americans home.Let me -- I guess I should clear my mind a little bit and not say what I'm really thinking.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: The mind is already clear. I'm a -- I'm feared. I mean, this is -- this is, you said it earlier. It's elder abuse.PIRRO: I haven't seen that one, Raymond.ARROYO: This was from today. He talked about Donald Trump supposedly giving Putin permission to invade Europe. And then he froze. That painful freeze where he's looking for words.PIRRO: My God.ARROYO: And then he just kind of sits there and goes, my mind, I should. This is so awful to watch. But how can he confront Putin? How can he conduct --PIRRO: He can't.ARROYO: -- foreign policy this way, Judge?PIRRO: He can't even talk to Americans.ARROYO: No.PIRRO: But anyway, you know, there are Democrats who think he's wonderful. OK, Raymond, today is Friday. So, I am granting you three.ARROYO: My goodness. Judge Jeannie, thank you so much. Look, if the Biden administration wants to reach black America, I wish they would find an appropriate spokesman and not this spokesman.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL LEVINE, U.S. ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR HEALTH: Climate change is having a disproportionate effect on the physical and mental health of black communities. Black Americans are more likely than white Americans to live in areas and housing that increase their susceptibility to climate related health issues.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, so that's Rachel.ARROYO: Rachel Levine.PIRRO: Yes.ARROYO: Yes. Now --PIRRO: She is his secretary. What is she?ARROYO: An assistant health secretary.PIRRO: Yes.ARROYO: But here's my question. Of all the people, the Biden administration could deploy to talk to black America about climate change. Why Rachel Levine? Is there some groundswell Rachel Levine fan club in urban America we haven't heard about?This is a disaster of a spokesman for this issue.PIRRO: I'm not even going to touch it.ARROYO: OK.PIRRO: OK, what's your second wish?ARROYO: You're like black America. They won't touch it.My second wish is since he just won the Super Bowl and got more attention than he deserves from dating Taylor Swift. I wish Travis Kelce would lay off the sauce until after the public celebrations for the Chief's victory. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRAVIS KELCE, TIGHT END, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Blame it all on my roots. I showed up in boots and ruined the Niners affair.When I took -- then I toasted you. Honey, we through when I never --what?UNKNOWN: I got friends in those places.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Travis Kelce almost collapsed after this, Judge. I mean, look, I don't begrudge him celebrating and having a good time. Drink after the celebration. Not when kids and families --PIRRO: OK.ARROYO: -- are watching you. I'm sorry. And look, I'm a guy who rides in Mardi Gras parades, but this is too far.PIRRO: Can I tell you something?ARROYO: OK, go for it.PIRRO: I love him anyway. OK?ARROYO: Why?PIRRO: They're celebrating.(CROSSTALK)ARROYO: Why do you love him? He's a sloppy drunk in front of you.PIRRO: Because there's -- he is a sloppy drunk. But you know what? He is disciplined. They're like gladiators in that Super Bowl.ARROYO: OK.PIRRO: These guys go in there and they go in there to fight. I mean, I've never seen people knock each other out like they do with each other.I mean, they fall, they slide over each other. And you know what? They're letting off steam because they have to be disciplined about their bodies, what they eat, how they work out. They take care of their injuries.You want to have a party. Kansas City loves you. I love you. Go for it.ARROYO: Go for the party. Well, Mahomes doesn't agree with you because he had to pick the sloppy drunk up and carry him off and finish the song.PIRRO: Those two are like two peas in a pod. Are you kidding me?ARROYO: OK, Judge.PIRRO: All right. What's your last wish?ARROYO: My last wish? This one we're going to agree on 100 percent, I think.PIRRO: Yes.ARROYO: I wish that climate activists would stop defacing art and national treasures as a form of protest.PIRRO: Yes.ARROYO: These morons walked into the National Gallery and threw pink powder on your Constitution.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We are determined to foment a rebellion. We will not be held account to laws in which we have no voice or representation.UNKNOWN: Right now, there are millions of refugees, climate refugees in the United States.UNKNOWN: President Biden, please declare a climate emergency.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Judge, what is this? These people are radicals. And why does race get entered into this picture at all? And I still don't understand the pink powder, what the pink powder was. Was that a gender reveal or what was it?PIRRO: The pink powder has nothing to do with the issue. There's no connection. But Raymond, I want to thank you and I can't wait to see you on the big weekend show tomorrow and Sunday.ARROYO: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for having me.PIRRO: All right. And coming up, Christians are being senselessly persecuted around the globe. Laura Ingraham exposes the war on Christianity next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Now, with Joe Biden, Mitch McConnell were haranguing the House to send $60 billion more to Ukraine, a vicious campaign of Christian persecution is happening right in our own hemisphere.Communist Nicaragua recently jailed 11 pastors connected to a Christian organization called Mountain Gateway, accusing them of money laundering and organized crime.Now, the country is now reportedly pursuing charges against the group's founder and his family, all of whom are U.S. citizens.Joining me now is that Pastor Jay Brett Hancock. Pastor, good to see you tonight.What are you accused of and what's your reaction to these charges?BRITT HANCOCK, PRESIDENT, MOUNTAIN GATEWAY: We're accused of money laundering and it's a bogus charge.INGRAHAM: Based on what? What are they basing it on?HANCOCK: They're not basing it on anything. Like, we've not seen any charging documents or anything like that. Really, it's a -- it's a screen, I think, to take away from the fact that they threw a bunch of our people in jail. Pastors.INGRAHAM: Now what's their ultimate goal, the goal of any communist society, which is to, of course, suppress religious observance and ultimately ban it altogether?HANCOCK: Yes, we had a series of eight mass evangelism campaigns in 2023. We had right at a million people attend those campaigns. They gave us the National Plaza in Managua in the capital city, the Plaza de la Fe. And we had over 200,000 people kind of flood into that space.INGRAHAM: That's a threat to them right off the bat. That's a threat.HANCOCK: Yes. Thirty days after that, they -- or 31 days they started arresting our people and seizing our assets and canceled, canceled all of our permissions to be there, our registration. And they indicted myself and my son and my daughter-in-law.INGRAHAM: We don't have extradition, obviously with Nicaragua. Thank goodness. But what's your message to people watching this as America is obviously spending billions and billions of dollars in other countries that are far away from here? And they don't really think that much of what's happening in our own hemisphere.HANCOCK: Yes, indeed. The, I think the issue really that we -- that we're engaged with in Nicaragua and maybe a few other countries in Latin America is that there really is a rising pressure for religious persecution and human rights violations.You know that what got our people in prison was a religious persecution. And what's keeping them in prison is human rights violations.And so there's this history in the last five years, particularly in Nicaragua, where they've just gotten tighter and tighter and tighter and more repressive. They kicked out 300 and -- or 3,600 NGOs. And they --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Russia has done the same thing with NGOs. And this is the history. Again, China has done the same thing --HANCOCK: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- with the persecution of Christians who don't behave, meaning who don't tow the communist line.And last year, Christians faced a record level of violent attacks. International Christian persecution watchdog group opened doors, warned in its latest annual report about this increase in violence in places of worship worldwide.Five thousand Christians were killed for their faith. I think that's a low number, Pastor, given what's happening in Africa alone, which gets no coverage at all in South Sudan. I mean, they're burning entire Christian villages there.HANCOCK: Without a doubt. Persecution against the church is probably higher than it's ever been in history worldwide right now. And so, it's a -- it's a big problem. And it definitely happened in Nicaragua.You know, one of the -- one of our people in prison is a young mother and she has two children that are U.S. citizens. And one of them is four months old. One of them is two years old. And it's really against the law for them to separate her from her children. But they're not, they're not letting them be together.And so, we're very concerned because we can't -- we can't verify the health of any of the prisoners, particularly her.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Have you gotten any help from the Biden administration, the Biden State Department? Have they been engaged?HANCOCK: Yes. The State Department have been here in Washington meeting with the State Department and with members of both the House and the Senate. We have a building coalition.I think they're working on a resolution to put on the floor to condemn this pretty soon.INGRAHAM: You got to have money behind it. It's got to be -- it's got to be cut off the money. Any money, any U.S. business dollars in Nicaragua as long as this continues.Well, we hope -- we hope your people who are there in prison get out.HANCOCK: Yes.INGRAHAM: And thank you for speaking about this. And, you know, as we're -- as we're in the Easter season, the Lenten season, Lenten season now. This is -- this is going to be a tough time. But thank you so much.HANCOCK: Thank you, Laura.(END VIDEOTAPE)PIRRO: And that's it for us tonight. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro in for Laura Ingraham. Catch me weekdays, co-hosting The Five at 5 p.m. Eastern.Also check me out on Instagram at Judge_Jeanine. Thanks for watching this special edition of THE INGRAHAM ANGLE. Jesse Watters is next.