MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Be influenced by your own independent thinking and what you see going on around the country.Conservatism, that's the winner.I'll see you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The race for the White House is kicking off in earnest tomorrow with the Iowa caucus. Iowa is the beginning, but the caucus does not always accurately predict how the story will end. The political graveyard is full of folks who won Iowa, but did not go on to win the nomination.Nevertheless, winning is almost always better than not and polling indicates former President Trump is the overwhelming favorite. Are the polls right? Who, if anyone will emerge as the top challenger? Will a poor showing persuade any candidate to exit left or right?Joining us now is the host of "The Story" and the person we all turn to for debates and townhalls on election coverage, Martha MacCallum who may have to pay taxes in Iowa because she's been there for like weeks and weeks and weeks. And Jessica Tarlov, who is a co-host of "The Five" and wakes up every morning knowing she's going to be outnumbered even though that is not the name of the show, but she's going to be outnumbered come five o'clock Eastern Time, that she more than holds her own.Thank you both for joining us.Martha, former President Trump has done zero debates. He has done townhalls He did one with you and Bret this week. But as much as we'd like to see him interact with other candidates, his strategy of giving them no oxygen seems to be working, I think.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know what, Trey? What strikes me about this election is that we are in unprecedented territory. None of us have ever lived in a period where you have a former president who is off for four years, who wants to come back again. And I think the strength of that sort of quasi incumbency, which none of us have ever witnessed. We're used to an open primary period where, you know, you see a bunch of people scrambling in the same kind of percentage areas. That's not what we're seeing right now.But I'll tell you this, last night, we drove a couple of hours to Cedar Rapids, went to an event for Nikki Haley. This morning, we did same thing through a snowstorm to get to an event for Ron DeSantis.People are turning out for these events, they are showing up regardless of the weather, and there are a lot of people here who would like to see another alternative.So we'll see what happens on Monday night, when people actually go to these caucuses and start making their voices heard. And as you rightly point out, I mean, Iowa is just the first stop on a long road, and it is not determinative, but it could have some very serious implications for Haley or for DeSantis when we see how this shakes out on Monday night.GOWDY: You know, Jessica, Martha is right. I think Grover Cleveland is the only president to serve, be out and come back and I was -- I was just a kid when he was the president. So I don't remember it very well.I want you to listen to the candidates together and then I will ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Now, the middle class, we are watching the rich get richer, and the poor get poorer.GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's both parties. They borrowed, they printed, they spent trillions and trillions of dollars starting with COVID, shut down the economy, of course, you're going to get inflation.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think the economy is horrible, except the stock market is going up and I think the stock market is going up going up because I'm leading Biden in all of the polls.I think there will be a crash if I don't win.VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: What I want to do is address that national debt problem while also growing our economy.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: The economy is arguably the most important issue, although other issues do motivate voters on both sides as well. I don't hear the challengers distinguishing themselves from the frontrunner much at all.I hear Governor DeSantis and Governor Haley throw punches at each other, but Jessica, they're reluctant to take on President Trump who is winning and I can't figure out why.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I think it's a dangerous path for them to do so because so many of them, especially Ron DeSantis, I should say, Nikki Haley is now firmly the kind of anti-Trump candidate with Chris Christie bowing out and I know that you're going to speak with Governor Sununu later in the program.DeSantis shares voters with Donald Trump. People who have him as second or have it in vice versa in the opposite direction, and so I think that that makes it difficult for them to attack him effectively and I think that it just -- they feel that it turns off the base if they go too hard about it.Nikki Haley, I think has been the most effective in talking about how he is a chaos agent that some of his policies were great, but it's time to kind of cool your jets, which is what Joe Biden won on in 2020, right, saying that we can't have four more years of this kind of recklessness.But yes, I've felt the whole time that they've been way too timid and I know obviously as a moderate Democrat, I'm not the core base for this, but I thought Chris Christie was at least very effective at prosecuting the case against Donald Trump and talking about Joe Biden. I find that that was completely missing from the DeSantis versus Nikki Haley conversation.They just were like sniping kids and it's like eye on the prize, guys, right? You want to get to a general election and show how you can beat the guy who is in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.GOWDY: All right, Martha, Tim Scott is out. Chris Christie is out. Ramaswamy is out whether he knows it or not. What does Ron DeSantis need to do to stay in after Iowa?MACCALLUM: He's got to surprise on Monday night. He has to make all of the people watching this process say, wow, he did a whole lot better than we thought.You know, when I was at his recent event, they were saying they didn't expect to have as big a turnout as they got, which was interesting. And oh, we're bringing in extra chairs. You know, there's obviously an effort on the part of all these campaigns to create momentum, to create enthusiasm.Governor Kim Reynolds was there. I spoke with her as well. You know, I said, do you have any regrets about really endorsing a candidate at this stage of the game? She said, absolutely not. She stands by her choice a hundred percent.You know, former President Trump has come after her hard on that, Bob Vander Plaats has been supportive of DeSantis as well. So if those things can put together a surprise upside for him, he needs -- I mean, he absolutely has to have that. If that's not the conversation after Monday night, then I think there's going to be some reconsidering in the DeSantis camp.GOWDY: All right, Jessica, I've got time for one more question. I'm going to give it to you.All right, Trump seems ahead of Biden in states that pick a president. Is there any chance that Biden will say goodbye rather than face a loss if he continues to kind of trail in the swing states?TARLOV: Well, there is polling on both sides of that, so of course, there is polling that has Donald Trump up; there is also polling that has Biden up there within about two points of each other in the RealClearPolitics average, which is essentially a statistical tie, as we all know.I don't see Joe Biden bowing out barring, and hopefully this doesn't happen, any sort of health emergency or a family emergency that makes that -- makes it untenable for him to continue to run Joe Biden as a candidate. And I think that that's why you're seeing so many people turning on Dean Phillips, for instance, who has been challenging him and he had an event in New Hampshire this week, and he posted about it, good for him. He said, no one showed up. Right?They didn't even want to hear me talk about what I had to say as the alternative to Joe Biden, so I think it is going to be Biden versus Trump come November again.GOWDY: Thank you both very much.TARLOV: Bye Trey.GOWDY: Our next guest endorsed Nikki Haley, and she seems to be surging in New Hampshire. Can she catch Donald Trump in the Granite State? And what are the voters in the Granite State looking for?Governor Chris Sununu joins us now.Welcome, Governor. Thank you for being here.Your endorsement was highly coveted. So let's start with the question of why? You could have picked Ron DeSantis, former President Trump, Governor Christie before he got out, but you picked Nikki Haley, so why?GOV. CHRIS SUNUNU (R-NH): Well, unlike most folks, I got a chance to spend time on the campaign trail with all of these candidates, dozens of events with all of them and they're all really good.Chris and Ron, Nikki, we're all friends. I think they all were doing a great job. But time and again, Nikki had connection. She would do her townhalls. She will let anybody ask any questions. She was doing it the right way, the kind of retail politics, which in New Hampshire means a lot. It means retail management.And then in New Hampshire, we are that live for you or die state, we want limited government, right? We want local control and her message of kind of decentralizing the federal government is exactly what we want. We want states to make their own choices.So when she puts those individual freedoms, those individual opportunities at a state level first, coming from a president that kind of live for you or die attitude up in the White House, that's something that everyone in New Hampshire is really loving.GOWDY: All right, Governor, let's listen together to what passes for political debate these days and then I'll ask your question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: And a good rule of thumb, if she says she's never said something, that definitely means she said it and then she'll say you're lying, you're lying.NIKKI HALEY (R), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Rather than have him go and tell you all these lies, you can go to DeSantisLies.com and look at all of those.DESANTIS: She's got this problem with ballistic podiatry, of shooting herself in the foot every other day, saying things that now she doesn't even take questions from people.HALEY: You're so desperate.DESANTIS: . our own people first. We have to put --HALEY: I wish Donald Trump was up here on this stage. He's the one that I'm running against.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: How does it help catch the horse in first place if the horses in second and third place are fighting with each other? I mean, I don't think you've ever lost a race. So if you were in second, why would you be fighting with the person in third instead of going after the person in first?SUNUNU: Well, again, understand, the person in first won't engage, right? The former president won't have the debate. He won't answer a single question he won't do any of that, right, unless it's completely controlled in his world.The goal up until Iowa and New Hampshire has always been making it a two- person race, which it has become, Haley versus Trump. That's the two-person race that we wanted to achieve.Now, Haley -- the second goal was to get a strong second for Nikki Haley and she is going to do that as well, at least here in New Hampshire, and what nobody thought was possible was delivering a win. A defeat to Donald Trump in the first of the nation primary in the state of New Hampshire, that's close as well, too.So, you know, there's a lot of opportunity there. They're going to go back and forth, because they're on the stage. I thought, you know, it's okay to go back and forth, you've got to show some separation there.I thought it was less chippy, or less contentious than we've seen in previous years where it can get really nasty and ugly. So I think they're doing a great job, obviously, whatever happens in Iowa between that second and third place finish is going to be very important for both of them.DeSantis says that he's going to win. Trump has said he is going to win Iowa. Nikki hasn't set any expectations there, but obviously, she's doing very well regardless. She is just putting her head down and working and talking to voters and engaging and it is varying results.So you know, it's not too bizarre to see them go at it, but they also, to Ron's credit, he hits Trump where he had to hit Trump. To Nikki's credit, she hit the former president where she had to hit him.Look, we all supported the president in '16. We all supported him in '20, it didn't pan out. He's not going to be able to get anything done. If you want inflation, fix the border, secure health care reforms that we were promised, draining the swamp, efficiency in government, fiscal responsibility -- all of this is possible. But clearly not with Trump, he couldn't do it the first time. He sure as heck won't be able to do it the second time.And the most important piece to all of this is beating Biden, right? We can't have another nail biter here, guys. We've gone through that. We lost in '22, a nailbiter in '20, which again we lost.Nikki Haley beats Biden by 10 to 15 points in some polls. So, that's a mandate, right, Trey? That's how you get the House back and the Senate back, the governorships, the school board seats -- all of it. All of it comes to the conservative side, and we get stuff done with that kind of mission.GOWDY: Well, Governor, unless my passport is denied, I will be in your beautiful state in a couple of weeks, and I hope you will reciprocate and come down to sunny, lovely South Carolina because I think we're next on the calendar.SUNUNU: If I don't see you up here, we'll definitely see you in South Carolina.GOWDY: I look forward to that. Thank you, Governor.Coming up, Hunter Biden skipped the party he was invited to and then crashed when he wasn't. More theatrics on Capitol Hill. House Oversight Committee member, Mike Waltz joins us next to discuss the wisdom or lack thereof of kind of thumbing your nose at Congress, only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Hunter Biden certainly knows the way to Capitol Hill. He has shown up twice now, but showing up only comes when he wants to, not when he is supposed to and it doesn't work that way with subpoenas.So the House Oversight Committee was preparing the whole Biden in contempt when he crashed the hearing with his lawyer and then the hearing devolved into a shouting match.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JARED MOSKOWITZ (D-FL): If the gentlelady wants to hear from Hunter Biden, we can hear from him right now, Mr. Chairman. Let's take a vote and hear from Hunter Biden.REP. NANCY MACE (R-SC): . I'm speaking.MOSKOWITZ: What are you afraid?MACE: Are women allowed to speak hereREP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Hold on. Hold on.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Excuse me, Hunter.HILLARY VAUGHN, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Mr. Biden, why did you put your dad on speakerphone with your business partners if he had no involvement in your business?HUNTER BIDEN, SON OF JOE BIDEN: Do you have a dad? Does he call you?VAUGHN: Yes.HUNTER BIDEN: Does he answer the phone?VAUGHN: Yes.HUNTER BIDEN: Okay.VAUGHN: But why did you need to talk to him during business meetings if he had nothing to do with your business?(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Biden is welcome to assert his Fifth Amendment right. He can answer some questions, he can skip others. But he does not have the right to simply blow off a subpoena and then show up when he feels like it.On the other hand, the subpoena is only as good as the power to enforce it. Otherwise, it's just a piece of paper. So what now?Joining us now is Mike Waltz who serves on the House Oversight Committee.Congressman, thank you for joining us.REP. MIKE WALTZ (R-FL): Thanks, Trey.GOWDY: I do not get his lawyer's thinking. His lawyer is a smart guy. I don't understand Abbe Lowell's thinking. Show up at the wrong time. Demand a public hearing even though you don't get to pick.I mean, that's not the way subpoenas work unless, unless you know you won't be punished because your dad is the president.WALTZ: Yes, Trey. Well, you know, I think it was a little bit of a little too cute and too clever PR stunt on his part. It is clearly tying with the House Democrats. He stayed just long enough that they could do their kind of show statement and then ran out of the room as soon as it came over to Republicans.And look, so I think a lot of, you know, a lot of average Americans, they're saying, wait a minute, well, he showed up, why not just talk to him then. You know how this works. We need to sit down with him. We've got over 10,000 bank records. We've got 180 Suspicious Activity Reports. We have all of these shell companies to go through, so that's what he's trying to avoid.But I can tell you what, if you're Joe Biden's political team right now, I don't think anybody was covering that hearing until he crashed it and then everybody went there live and Hunter for his own reasons, keeping himself on the news, can't be making his dad's political team too happy.GOWDY: Yes. Congressman, you know, you put your finger on it. There's not a single serious factfinder in the world who operates in five-minute increments. There's not a courtroom in America where you get five minutes.The reason I like having you on my show, well, I like you for a lot of reasons. But I think you're a fair guy and I like it when people are fair.So Democrats allege that some Republicans have also ignored subpoenas including some on that committee, some were held in contempt and prosecuted, others were not.So to you, to Mike Waltz, as a fair guy that wore the uniform for this country, what is the standard for when you really have to abide by a subpoena and when you don't?WALTZ: Well, first, Trey, the way that Pelosi constructed the Jan 6 Committee where she kicked off Republicans, Jim Jordan, Jim Banks and others that we had nominated completely invalidated that thing.Secondly, there are constitutional provisions that govern over members of Congress. Otherwise, you know, we would be basically subpoenaing each other all the time. And then thirdly, you know, who didn't blow off multiple subpoenas as the son of the president was Donald Trump, Jr. He came not once, not twice, but five different times for the House Intel Committee, the House Judiciary Committee, the Senate Intel Committee, all run by Democrats at the time, sat behind closed doors, listened to the lawyers, answered all their questions.So Don, Jr. can come five times; Hunter Biden can come once and talk about all of these millions of dollars that didn't buy anything but influence and access to the vice president, now president of the United States.So there's plenty of precedent there that the Democrats conveniently leave out of all of their statements.GOWDY: Yes, not only to Donald Trump, Jr. come, Congressman, but Jared Kushner was there and everybody else because I was sitting in the room while they were questioned by Adam Schiff. They did not blow off the subpoena.WALTZ: So Trey, we are going to vote him in --GOWDY: Thank you for joining -- yes.WALTZ: Yes, we're going to vote him in contempt, we're going to send him to the Department of Justice and will Garland prosecute a Biden like he prosecuted Bannon and Navarro? That's what's going to be before the American people in just a few weeks.GOWDY: Mike Waltz from the great state of Florida, thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.WALTZ: Thanks, Trey.GOWDY: Across the country, Hunter Biden pleaded not guilty on federal tax and gun charges in California, while President Trump's lawyers argued presidential immunity before the DC Court of Appeals. Some nights, our show feels like a "Law and Order" episode. There's so much legal criminal procedure to discuss.So let's bring in a real lawyer, former law professor, former deputy assistant attorney general, John Yoo.Professor, I listened to the DC Court of Appeals oral argument and look, it's hard to field questions while three really smart judges are coming at you. But the headline from that oral argument was that Trump's lawyer says a president must be impeached before he can be prosecuted even for ordering a hit on a political opponent, and I just think a lot of people are scratching their head saying that can't be right.JOHN YOO, FORMER DOJ LAWYER: I think watchers probably have never seen or listened to a DC Circuit oral argument before. I clerked there. I listened to hundreds of them and seen hundreds, and the lesson is judges there engage in like you said, Trey, it sounds like law school almost again. Elaborate unlikely hypotheticals, things that will never happen.None of those things are ever going to happen. Donald Trump's lawyers could have said that never is going to happen. Trump never did anything like that. Let's talk about the real facts of this case, which is January 6.But one thing I think, to take away from the oral argument is that this panel, these three judges of the DC Circuit looked very likely to reject President Trump's claim to immunity. I didn't hear any questions which were really very sympathetic to the claims Trump was making. I think Trump is making too broad a claim, to say he is just completely immune and cannot be prosecuted at all for things that happened that he did during his presidency, and I think that's what those hypotheticals, those extreme cases that will never come up demonstrated.GOWDY: You know, Professor, what I was thinking about when I was listening to the oral argument, you may recall, President Biden either authorized or ordered a missile strike in Afghanistan that wound up hitting a vehicle and several children were killed. It was awful. It was tragic. And I don't know a single soul that thinks when he leaves the White House, he should be prosecuted for that.So where is the line on what presidents can or cannot be held criminally liable for after they leave office? Where should that line be?YOO: Now you sound like the law professor and I sound like the student because that's a tough question. And all I can say to you, is the Supreme Court has never decided that issue. And that's why Trump can go the DC Circuit. That's why he can't I think and will ultimately go to the Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court is going to have to figure this out.Now, if I were to guess what they will do, what this Court, the DC Circuit will do, too, is they know immunity, but what they will look at is whether the action the president undertook was constitutional and then Congress can't use its laws to take that power away.GOWDY: All right, Professor, I've got to ask you this before I let you go.So Hunter Biden goes to Congress when he's not supposed to, but he doesn't show up when he is supposed to. And now he says, oh, by the way, I will come on, because he's going to be held in contempt of Congress, I will come if you just change a few words on the subpoena. I don't know if you saw that story or not. But now he and his lawyer claim they will come sit for a transcribed interview if they just issue another subpoena. What kind of strategy is that?YOO: That is a strategy, you realize you were totally losing, not just in the court of public opinion, but he was creating, as you were just saying, with your earlier guest, a terrible constitutional and legal problem for his father, because what was going to happen when the House voted out contempt and it went to Biden's Justice Department to force it? Was the President going to say, don't prosecute my son Hunter, even though there's no legal defenses for him against a subpoena. That starts to look like oh, let's provide more fodder for the House impeachment inquiry into obstruction of justice. So Hunter is saving his father here on this one.GOWDY: Professor John Yoo, I've got a sneaking feeling I will be talking to you a lot in 2024 because it just seems like the intersection of law and politics, it just seems like there are a bunch of crashes ahead.So thank you for joining us on a Sunday night. You take care till we see each other again.YOO: Thanks. Selfishly, I hope you're right.GOWDY: Me too.Up next, President Biden's approval numbers are slipping among voting constituencies that have traditionally been reliable, reliable allies like young and minority voters. South Carolina Senator Tim Scott joins us right after the break on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Marianne Rafferty in Los Angeles.Iowa voters will have to brave record breaking cold temperatures tomorrow as they head to the caucus locations. Des Moines is expected to only see a high of minus three degrees and a low of minus 12. That's about 30 below zero when you add in windchills. Those would be the coldest temps in Iowa caucus history.Republican candidates have been braving blizzard-like conditions to drum up last-minute support and hope the extreme weather won't hurt voter turnout.The White House is once again urging Israel to scale back its military attacks in Gaza saying today, it is the right time. The message comes as the IDF is still vowing to intensify its war against Hamas, which has now reached its 100th day.Meantime, Israeli warplanes also hitting targets in Lebanon today following a deadly Hezbollah missile attack that killed two Israeli civilians.I'm Marianne Rafferty. Now back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.You can make a compelling argument Joe Biden would not be the president were it not for Jim Clyburn. Biden was struggling in early 2016 and Mr. Clyburn endorsed him, which led to an overwhelming victory in South Carolina and propelled Biden to the nomination and ultimately to victory in the general election that November.Fast forward to today, Biden's re-election bid depends on young people and voters of color, both Hispanic and Black and he is hemorrhaging support among all three voting constituencies, albeit perhaps for different reasons.Tim Scott knows how to get elected in South Carolina. He's done it many times and remains incredibly popular in this state and he joins us now.Senator, just because a group doesn't like Biden does not mean that group is going to vote Republican, I don't think. I mean, young people who are upset about Biden's support of Israel are not likely to go vote for the GOP candidate for president, I don't think. Are they?SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Well, Trey, you make a really good point that no -- there is no doubt that young people in America today are more likely to be sympathetic to the cause against Israel, as opposed to being sympathetic for Israel. Those numbers will change as we continue to inform and educate people.But you're a hundred percent right. Young people today are devastated economically, because inflation is up again and the Biden economy is destroying their ability to buy a house, when interest rates are over seven percent for owning a home, people just can't afford it.In this economy, things could not be worse for people trying to buy their first house and that devastation is showing up in the disapproval numbers for Joe Biden. It will get worse, not better.GOWDY: All right, Senator, Democrats once believed -- I mean, when you and I served together in the House, this was the dominant thought at the border and immigration issues were winning issues for them, with Hispanic voters. I mean, that's what they -- I mean, people want to know why you all didn't get immigration reformed on. Democrats benefit from those issues.But it doesn't seem to be the case right now. Democrats, especially Joe Biden seem to be like bleeding Hispanic support.SCOTT: Absolutely. If you think about the Hispanics in our country, they want safe streets, they want safe communities, they want safe schools.The bottom line is this that the Democrats thought immigration was the number one issue for Hispanics, the actual truth is, taking care of their families, family values, having good jobs, having inflation come down. Those factors impact negatively Joe Biden's support amongst Hispanics.Good news for us, we have proven in the past, and we should do it again in the future that we can create the most inclusive economy, create more than seven million new jobs, Trey, where Hispanic unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of the country.We need to make sure that the American family no matter what part of the family you're in, you understand that the American Dream is alive and well. But when you have 10 million illegal immigrants invading our country, it doesn't matter whether you're Black or White, Hispanic, Asian, male or female, that devastation, that crime wave that comes with it, it is going to change your mind on who you want to lead this country.GOWDY: All right, let me ask you about another part of the American family. It seems Republicans are making inroads with Black men especially. Why do you think that is? And how can and should Republicans try to keep whatever momentum they may have?SCOTT: Well, you know, sometimes we win by default as Republicans with minority groups. We need to go where we're not invited, that would actually help us tremendously.When I was running for president, Trey, I went to the southside of Chicago and had a conversation with an almost hundred percent Black audience about how our future depends on quality education.And you look in New York City today, the kids, the poorest kids are stuck out of school because they're using those schools for illegal immigrants. That message is a terrible sign for the future of the Democratic Party.You look at the fact that on the south side of Chicago, reading proficiency is really, really low. We need school choice. We need access to opportunities. We don't need to fix the game. Everybody in this nation compete -- can compete if the rules are the same on the front door, but when you're sold out to the teachers unions, the party is over for the poorest kids, especially kids of color, trapped in these big monopolies called blue cities.GOWDY: I've got to remind you of something. It wasn't just Chicago, Tim Scott has been talking to groups that didn't necessarily invite him the whole time he has been in politics, and it wasn't in October leading into November because you just needed their vote. You've been doing it the whole time you've been in public service.So look, I'm a little bit older than you, but my memory is good enough to remember you didn't just start doing this recently. Thank you, Tim Scott --SCOTT: No.GOWDY: For joining us on a Sunday night.SCOTT: Thank you, Trey. God bless you.GOWDY: God bless.Next, former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo joins us on fears the war in Israel and Gaza will spread and trouble much closer to home that's only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Since October 7th, the conflict between Israel and Hamas has fueled fears of a larger global conflict, and for good cause. Hezbollah is threatening war in the north, Iran and proxies like the Houthis are engaged in acts of provocation. The US response to date has been muted at best, but a US-UK Coalition did carry out strikes on dozens of Houthi targets in Yemen as that Iran-based group continues to target commercial ships and US assets in the region.The world is a complicated and dangerous place, but what is America's role in the world? We may not want to be the world's police officer, but are we really safer when that role is abdicated to others?Our next guest graduated West Point at the top of his class, served our country in uniform and Congress, a CIA director, and Secretary of State is quite a resume, and Mike Pompeo joins us now.Welcome to my old friend, Mr. Secretary.There are increasing calls for Israel to slow down or back off, even as Hezbollah and Iran continue to provoke. How do you see the Middle East and our role in it?MIKE POMPEO, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: Well, Trey, it's great to be back with you, old friend.Look, you asked the right question at the beginning: What's America's interest? That's how we should always begin to think about how we ought to respond to things we ought to do, how we ought to encourage our friends and partners and allies to behave.In this instance, we saw what happened on October 7th, this barbaric attack and America's interest is deeply tied to Israel successfully eliminating Hamas' capacity to ever do something like that, again. It has not only the duty to do it for its own people, but it's in America's best interest.And so as I watched our administration publicly say, we are embracing Israel, but very clearly make points to the Israelis saying, hey, slow this down, resisting their capacity to actually eliminate the threat from Hamas, that increases risk for us here at home. And what happened a few days back now in Yemen, is too little too late, I fear to prevent the Iranians from continuing to torment, to cause problems in Israel, cause larger problems in the Middle East.And as we know, Trey, those things always come home. What happens in Tel Aviv or Kyiv of Hudaydah in Yemen, they seem like far off places, but that always comes back here to the United States.And so to get it right for the American people, we need a leader on the world stage prepared to actually demonstrate American resolve and we have not seen that for these past three years sadly.GOWDY: You know, Mr. Secretary, what should surprise no one is you put your finger precisely on the point, which is the US seems to respond to Iran and proxies some of the time. There was a response this week, but shouldn't we be sending a more forceful message, and how so?POMPEO: So Trey, you have to -- when it comes to the old model that worked so well for President Reagan and it worked in the Trump administration, too, when you're trying to convince your adversaries that taking on America or confronting our friends is just going to be too costly, you can't just be defensive, it is not enough to say they fired 18 missiles at our soldiers and no one was hurt, or they moved in Syria against our forces and we repelled them. Those are defensive measures that will only encourage continued provocations.So yes, what would it look like? We saw an example of what we did in the Trump administration when we were confronted with a similar problem set, we took out a senior Iranian leader, that was one course of action, we could have taken others, but it sent the right message, Trey, and this is the point. It sent the message that says don't push us, don't screw with us, we will win this thing if we need to. We don't want to fight, but we will protect what matters to America.And the Biden administration, beginning with the debacle of Afghanistan has demonstrated to the world that we will be reactive and passive. And you know, you can see the results -- a war in Europe, a war in the Middle East, and an election that happened yesterday in Taiwan that is only going to convince the Chinese that they can move more freely as well.GOWDY: All right, I want to ask you about two different parts of the world. You're a Harvard guy. You can handle this global conflict I'm about to give you. Eastern Europe, how do you see that?POMPEO: Given the last few weeks I'm not proud of Harvard, Trey.GOWDY: I know, but you -- but back when you were there, it was a little bit different, I think.All right, Eastern Europe, how do you see that war and stuff that's going on in South America that we're not used to. There are trouble spots like Ecuador and Venezuela threatening neighbors. How do you see those two parts of the globe?POMPEO: So let's tackle them in reverse order. I was actually in Guyana last week, on Monday. I went down there because we have a democratically elected leader who is very pro-American and most importantly, he is pro- Guyana. He wants to help his country be successful as they have this newfound wealth and you've got this Maduro knucklehead who wants to take back half of their country, a third of their country. That's ridiculous.And yet the United States took hours and days to make a statement saying we're with the people of Guyana. That is that is dangerous for the United States' interests in the region.Make no mistake, if it's not the United States out down there helping them, benefiting them, working with them, it'll be the Iranians, the Russians, and the Chinese doing just that and we relieved sanctions on Maduro. That's just -- that's crazy. He's a drug kingpin, for goodness sake.This similar scenario plays out in Europe in Ukraine, a much bigger problem set because you have an active conflict. While it would be a wonderful thing if Europe would do what it is needs to do, it needs to do more. The United States has a deep interest in ensuring that Vladimir Putin doesn't have political control of Ukraine.And so we should have allowed them to win. Instead, we've provided them just enough to keep them able to keep their heads above the water. That's caused untold grief for the Ukrainian people, and frankly, an unnecessary elongation of the war. We could have ended this thing, Trey, if we'd have gone there full-throatedly provided what they needed all the way at the beginning, Putin would have understood that.GOWDY: Mike Pompeo, one of the more unique resumes and I use that word, knowing what it means, one of the more unique resumes among people in public service. Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night. Can't wait to catch up with you again.POMPEO: Thank you. Bless you, Trey. Take care.GOWDY: You, too. Coming up, the crisis on our southern border continues unabated. Will there be consequences now or at election time? Texas Congressman August Pfluger is in the thick of it and he joins us next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Americans are concerned about the southern border or more aptly put, Americans are concerned that we don't seem to have much of the southern border. According to polls, that concern is increasing as the election approaches.One person who does not consider the border a crisis, regrettably, is DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. Why should Republicans have to negotiate for border integrity?Some Republicans believe this malfeasance rises to the level of an impeachable offense. Biden himself senses this is a political liability and is now calling for a bipartisan solution, which means more money and dividing or sharing the blame.Joining us now is Texas Congressman August Pfluger who serves on the Homeland Security Committee. Welcome, Congressman.Thank you for joining us and for your service to our country, by the way in uniform, let's listen to the DHS Secretary together for a second, then I'm going to ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF POLITICAL ANCHOR: But you do think it's a crisis now?ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY: Bret, it is a challenge that we have been addressing vigorously with all of the tools and resources that we have been provided.We have the effects of climate change, poverty, increasing level of authoritarianism, the very many challenges that are at the root cause of the displacement of people around the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Color me skeptical, I just don't think voters are going to accept that climate change is allowing people to cross an unsecure border in Texas and Arizona. I mean, is he ever going to accept responsibility for what's going on?REP. AUGUST PFLUGER (R-TX): Well, apparently not. And you know, really, you can take your most radical progressive and they know it's a crisis. We knew it was a crisis in January of '21 and now three years later, over nine million people in the country, 300-plus that match the terror watchlist, including people that they don't know where they are right now inside our country at large, fentanyl that's killed over 100,000 people, of course, it's a crisis and this is the arrogant attitude that he's taken the entire time when he's opened the border, when he's deconstructed the rule of law and when he has put every American at risk.When you have Mayor Eric Adams actually saying that they have a problem with illegal immigration, you know, it's bad. The American public knows it's bad and this is why we're proceeding with impeachment hearings for Alejandro Mayorkas.GOWDY: All right, I'm a recovering lawyer, so I'm going to act like one for a second and kind of play devil's advocate. Whatever shortcomings Mayorkas may have and they probably are legion, he works for Joe Biden. So why impeach the puppet and not the puppet master if Mayorkas is just doing what Biden tells him to do?PFLUGER: Well, it's a great question and this will be the first Cabinet member considered for impeachment since the mid-1800s. You know, the founders set the bar very high, treason and bribery, high crimes and misdemeanors. We all know he's derelict in his duty. We all know he's abdicated the responsibility.It's coming from the top. It's coming from President Biden. But I think in this case, he is charged in a post-9/11 world with securing our homeland and he has utterly failed to do that, and now, it's our job to prove based on the founders' very high bar and the very high standard that he has actually committed impeachable offenses, which I believe he has.GOWDY: August Pfluger from the great state of Texas. Thank you for joining us. I hope you will come back because the border issue is not going away between now and November.And again, thank you again for your service to our country in uniform.PFLUGER: Trey, thanks for having me.GOWDY: And thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. I hope you have a great week ahead.Until next week, you can find us online at Gowdy America or on "The Trey Gowdy Podcast."Good night from South Carolina.