SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: That's all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR so never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "HANNITY." As always thank you for being with us. Thank you for making this show possible. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: It's Friday! It's Friday! That's all? You know what that means? Let's welcome tonight's guests. Like his books, people would love to see him the leather bound. Novelist and literary critic Walter Kirn. And when life gives you lemons, please squeeze it into his eyes. Co-host of Fox and Friends First, Todd Piro.She defies conventions and wears extensions. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor. Kat Timpf. And he has nightmares about chandeliers. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World heavy weight champion, Tyrus. All right. I need a break. All right, before we get to some new stories, let's do this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Greg's leftovers. Mm.GUTFELD: It's leftover. It's where I read the jokes, we didn't use this week. And as always, it's my first time reading them so if they suck, we'll tie Joe Machi's nipples to the back of a truck and drive away. Too bad he enjoys it. All right, the first one. A diaper spa in New Hampshire is catering to adults, where they roleplay as babies in diapers. And to show customers how it's done, they brought in a professional.Speaking of Joe, he's finally heading to Ohio and plans to visit East Palestine where he will likely ask for a ceasefire. New research claims that dementia can actually be spread between humans. Well, that explains it. This week, Ilhan Omar hosted the president of Somalia and said quote the President and I have a special relationship. I call him uncle and he calls me girl which is the same thing she says to her husband.A pair of cruise passengers were arrested after authorities searched their luggage and found 112 bags of marijuana. In their defense, they were going on a cruise. A study finds that eating Kim Chi three times a day may prevent obesity. To be fair, eating anything that tastes like (BEEP) three times a day may prevent obesity. The Biden administration has now classified Martha's Vineyard as a low income area making it eligible for electric vehicle charger subsidies. Well, it's about time we caught a break said one resident.Earlier this week, Ben Shapiro's new rap hit became the number one song on iTunes. And related news, Lil Wayne made a great matzah ball soup. An Australian toddler had to be rescued after being stuck inside a claw machine for three hours. Cops said it only took 179 tries to get him out.Domino's Pizza has unveiled a heat suit, it's a full body garment made of the same material used in their insulated pizza bags. It has a front pocket for garlic dip and a hip pocket for the condoms you'll never use. A New Hampshire woman miraculously -- miraculously survived after falling and being compacted in a dumpster truck. I believe we have an image of the woman.GEORGE 'TYRUS' MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Boo this man. Boo this man. I'm not going to hell with you on this.GUTFELD: I'm a little person. Oh, terrible. Terrible. Experts warn that a new penis enlarging trend aimed at men with small genitals can lead to side effects. They include painful erections, testicular complications and getting an 8 pm cable news show.TODD PIRO, 'FOX & FRIENDS FIRST' CO-HOST: I thought that one was coming to me. I moved out of the camera.GUTFELD: A Connecticut high school principal was disgusted after a boy's tampon dispenser was ripped down after only 20 minutes. Thank God it didn't happen during first period. Japan is reportedly seeing a rise in silver porn, which features aging grandmothers engaged in explicit acts. In a related story, guess who's moving to Japan?A woman in a Kansas penitentiary says that female inmates are so sex crazed, jails could make thousands releasing orgy videos. This could explain that application for the new prison guard. An Australian woman claims that her dog is ruining her sex life with her husband. Apparently, she's tired of watching.An obese influencer slammed a hotel over their tiny shower. She claimed the shower was broken because her feet weren't getting wet. Thank you. Boy, no one is safe. A woman clung to the hood of a getaway car to save her French bulldog from the thieves who stole it. I have to say I would have done the same thing in that situation. Steal a dog from a woman. I like that one. Some journalists are apparently worried they're going extinct. Perhaps it's because no one in their right mind would (BEEP) Keith Olbermann.American Airlines is laying off 656 workers. As a result, passengers are now being asked to lose their own luggage. Chuck E. Cheese is releasing a cookbook. It's about damn time said one man. You, people. Investigators may have found Amelia Earhart's long lost airplane. And of course the turn signal was still on. Do they even have turn signals? And finally, Wheel of Fortune fans were outraged this week saying a player was robbed of a prize after clearly solving the puzzle. And the answer was probably the easiest thing you'd ever see.Now, to the news. A Senate staffer got railed but still won't be jailed. Capitol Police have announced they will not bring charges against a former Democrat staffer who was filmed on all fours having sex inside a Senate hearing room. Though they admit it was a perfect impression of the American taxpayer. You know, we can't air the screenshot of the porno because it's too graphic. And also Bret Baier stole it and took it home with him for the weekend. So instead, we're going to show you our producer Gene's artistic interpretation. Here it is.So unlike the staffers cheeks, the case has been closed at least for now. Investigators could reopen it should any new evidence come to light. Although it's unlikely they'll get to the bottom of it. They aren't even asking for tips. Police concluded there was no evidence a crime was committed but say it was likely a violation of congressional policy. And the staffer's is happy to put this incident behind him. But it's really stunning no charges are being filed.Jacob Tansley the infamous Jan 6, shaman -- shaman, got 41 months in locked down in solitary confinement for praying inside the U.S. Senate chamber. Talk about getting the shaft and his horny twink gets nothing. Capitol Police also add that he exercised his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent and refused to talk to them. He also rejected their offer to go rollerblading.So it turns out laying pipe is no different than that January 6 pipe bomb. They won't pursue it perhaps because it's an inside job. Yeah, huh. Walter, do you think this is justice served or it's just another behavior that's lost its disincentive to discontinue?WALTER KIRN, NOVELIST/LITERARY CRITIC: Well, now we know officially that it's legal to have sex on camera in the Senate.GUTFELD: Yes.KIRN: That was an unclear point of law before. And until you test a situation, you don't really know.GUTFELD: Yes.KIRN: But now -- now the world knows it's legal.GUTFELD: Yes.KIRN: And so I think the line forms at the right.GUTFELD: Yeah.KIRN: I think every senator, every age should take a run, you know, at doing this, it's one of the few non-illegal things they do. I think the thing with porn is you get used to it. And this really woke me up, you know, you get what's called porn blindness. You watched too much of it. And when I saw this, I was like, this is something new.GUTFELD: Yeah.KIRN: This is something that I want more of. It was also point of view porn.GUTFELD: Yeah. Yes.KIRN: It was shot from the point of view of one of the participants. So you could imagine yourself in the scene. And I think every American should have a chance to feel what it's like to screw a Senate aide in the butt.GUTFELD: Yeah.PIRO: Hey, buddy, thanks for taking all the porn shame away from me this episode. Very much appreciated.GUTFELD: It's too late for you, Todd. Do you think this would have turned out differently if perhaps instead of being a Democrat, it was a MAGA extremist, Todd?PIRO: 100 percent. Because let's keep in mind, these prosecutors found no violation of law because they said this Senate room was not open to the public. So thereby you don't get public indecency laws at play. But you better believe if that was Republican on Republican or hetero sex, they would have found a way to make it public, making indecency and go after these people.And look what happened to Lauren Boebert. I mean, she was in a random theater, not in our sacred honored Capitol having some fun with a dude and the Democrats wanted to expel her from Congress. The double standard doesn't just apply to January 6, it applies the other 364 days of the year.GUTFELD: So it was closed for the public but open for the pubic.PIRO: Thank you. Thank you.GUTFELD: Kat, I have a theory. Would you like to hear it?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Do I have a choice?GUTFELD: No, you don't. The reason they are pursuing this is because of the other sex partner who is a very powerful person, right? It's just like the White House cocaine that they don't find it necessary -- necessary to investigate because they might come to an answer that would punish someone very high up. What say you?TIMPF: I get how that's fun to believe maybe.GUTFELD: Oh, that was insulting.TIMPF: Maybe that's it. No, but I think that the explanation might be something a little more simple than that. I think it's possible that maybe he didn't break any laws, because this is a situation where they felt like they didn't need to make any law, right.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.TIMPF: Right?GUTFELD: This is new turf.TIMPF: Yes. It's like I doubt it was actually even part of the orientation. You know, like they're probably not -- like here's your key you have 24/7 access but we do draw the line at butt darts, you're going to play if you must and like don't -- don't make a porn out of it, right? Like, that's not in the handbook. That's not -- like there's no laws because it's not a thing that you think of needing to make a law for.GUTFELD: That is so true. So many things that have happened in the last five years have happened because we never expected they would happen. Like you wouldn't expect that illegal immigrants would be able to come over here and mass beat up cops because we never thought that that would happen. But now it does. Tyrus, what say you, justice served on a platter?MURDOCH: Well, somebody was served, Greg. If this is the precedent, if it's no it wasn't open to the general public at the time of confirmation. When that then send a message to any facility that once it closes --GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: It's game on.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Yes.KIRN: That's a good point.MURDOCH: So like literally -- yeah, a few of you eager fans tonight want to wait for us to leave at the end of the show. I would just like to say -- I would just like to say this chair has the least amount of use. So for the most bang for your buck, do it in Greg's chair not these chairs. And you know where he's been so don't do it in his chair.PIRO: Not this chair.GUTFELD: Why don't -- you should direct him to like the Fox and Friends set. They have that curvy couch.MURDOCH: No one does it on the Fox and Friends. That couches revert -- is reserved for Jesus whenever he comes.GUTFELD: Jesus, we got to get to a break. And wait, tell us more about your new book, 'Jesus.' All right.MURDOCH: It's cooking with Ducey.GUTFELD: Cooking with -- yes.MURDOCH: The Lord and Ducey.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: Meal for everyone.GUTFELD: All right. Up next; will politicians live forever thanks to a brain chip endeavor.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's alive. It's alive. Zombie politicians.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yes. They'll have diapers, canes and chips in their brains, so you want bat (BEEP) crazy story. A recent report sponsored by the Pentagon, yes, our very Pentagon suggests America's elderly politicians could one day harness the power of brain computer interface devices to prolong their functional authority in government. Meaning even as they age into their 80s and 90s, they'll just keep going like an energizer bunny trapped inside Mitch McConnell's body.And the tech could reportedly be implanted into their brains in secret, allowing senile senators to regain their mobility and speech after years of cognitive decline. Now, it won't work on everyone. First, you have to have a brain. But it gets wilder. The report also examines the possibility of those very brain chips malfunctioning, or even being hacked by foreign adversaries, which eliminates the need to bribe Hunter Biden. But the report paints a picture of our elderly leaders alternating between confused incoherence and artificially enhanced clarity. Which got us to wondering, could this already be happening?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Today we're here to answer the most important of questions. Is democracy still America's sacred cause? We used to make beer brew here. It is used to make the brew beered here. Fine. Ooh, Earth Rider, thanks for the Great Lakes. I believe that America is big enough, strong enough, blessed enough for all of us to succeed.The group included groundbreaking Asian Americans like Vera Wang and -- and Joan Shingang -- Shin -- I'm -- I'm going to pronounce it wrong -- Shangaka -- kawawa. We just have to remember who we are. We're the United States of America. Putin's klepto -- yeah, kleptocracy -- klep -- the guys who are the kleptocracies.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: So maybe it's not a far-fetched theory. I guess our best plan is to unplug Joe, wait two minutes, and then plug them back in again. Todd, it's -- OK. Is it -- does it bother you that the Pentagon is spending our money on this, on basically writing treatments for screenplays for David Cronenberg,PIRO: I actually had a different take on this.GUTFELD: Yeah.PIRO: I thought that this article and the corresponding study was really interesting. What it also looked at. It looked at China, and all the nefarious things that China could do. And I feel like to a certain extent, we were not ready for COVID. And if you really delve into that article, it's basically saying what if China or some other world power weaponized it purposefully? I mean, there's questions as to whether China weaponized COVID purposely.But what if they did something in the future, that really, they had the antidote for it, they're all fine because of the social distancing and measures that they ended up taking, when in fact, they just immunize themselves to it, the rest of the world suffered. So I found that part of it fascinating.But the thing that I don't find comforting, these people that are in DC right now, especially the old people are holding on. Republicans and Democrats, you have way too many people over 75 years old, 80 years old, who should be playing with grandkids and not running the government. And if this were to take hold, there would be -- there would be powers that that would want them to be those vessels that they could control like our President.GUTFELD: Kat, it's like they refuse to step off, step aside already as Todd says. This isn't another excuse to hang around. Dianne Feinstein didn't leave until she was at death's door.TIMPF: It's so messed up. They made her leave just because she died.GUTFELD: I know. You know what --TIMPF: Would they do that to a man?GUTFELD: Yeah, they're discriminating -- they're discriminating against the post lifers--TIMPF: Yeah, there's -- yah, this is scary. No, this is scary. Because like, you think of all the things that go wrong with your technology all the time. Like, and also, I'm sorry, but who is worse with technology than the really old people, which it's not on them. Like, I don't, right, I don't even want to learn any of the new stuff, really. OK. But like their chip is going to be -- they're going to be like signing up for all the viruses.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: They're always like, oh, my chip got hacked. And then, you know, now we're getting nuked, right. Like if people like put the people who say like the finger on the button or whatever, if it's actually in their brain, they're going to leave themselves open to so much hack -- they'll be like, oh, like my chip told me I like, I won a laptop, you know, and the next -- It will never be easier for foreign governments to hack people because they'll get the technology put in and they'll just trust the interns to help them with it. They'll never learn any of it and then we'll all be screwed.GUTFELD: Yeah. Like -- like these old Senators all of them trying to marry Nigerian princesses. Tyrus, what do you -- do you think this is realistic?MURDOCH: Well, I have -- let's say if it's true, can you start it now? Because the we're hearing every night, I put a chip in his brain.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Put so we can figure it out. Like, I'm fine with that. And if it's already happening, we are seeing some of the problems. They need the updated version.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: We saw Mitch reboot in the middle of a speech.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: You know, Biden keeps getting hacked by Hunter. That's why you hear in two or four voices coming out of his mouth at one time. So yeah, if they're -- if they're going to do it, do it now is just because everything they said is -- is the side effect, is already happening. So without the boosts we're already dealing with, they don't leave anyways.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: And they get weird anyway. So if that meant put a chip in their head to make them go back to having to talk and think they're smart, that might be better, because then there'll be uncool. You know, like, if Mitch all of a sudden got cool and showed up, dressed with like, today's fashion and like what it is, I'm here to represent you all, they would be like, see, because you can be old and senile, but you can't be old and cool.GUTFELD: No, that's true.MURDOCH: So yeah, it might be a good thing. If they're all wearing like today's stuff like we're Swifties yo, we're going to see Taylor Swift. And they would be like, ew, cool old people, vote them out.KIRN: If they could put chips in individuals brains and have them lead us, that means babies could get this too. We could be led by babies, infants that you know, have these precocious chips in their brain. But I think that they put one in John Fetterman and it turned him into a conservativeGUTFELD: Yes. He was red tripped.KIRN: Yeah, red tripped. We just have to find the signal and then we'll have remote control powers over our leader if know with like stage hypnosis. Flap your arms like a bird, you know.GUTFELD: I would really look forward to that. All right, well, that was gloomy. OK, up next; Biden blames the store if you're paying more.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Biden gives himself a pass for the cost of food, milk, and gas. Instead blame the grocer for your grief, says the vegetable in chief.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Today's video of the day comes to us from President Poopy-pants, who attacked grocery stores for continued high prices. Hit it, Gladys (ph).(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The cost of eggs, milk, chicken, gas, and so many essential items have come down. But for all we have done to bring prices down, there are still too many corporations in America ripping people off. Price gouging, junk fees, greed-flation, shrink-flation. You see that article about the Snickers bar? Well, it's going to stop. America, we're tired of being played for suckers.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: And that's why we are going to keep these guys, keep on them and get the prices down.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So in Joe's mushy mind there's greed-flation but no Biden- flation. Sorry gramps. Maybe those items would be cheaper if stores didn't need to keep them under lock and key, fuel costs weren't sky-high, and the Fed wasn't printing money to give to other countries, illegal immigrants and student deadbeats, otherwise known as Joe's core constituencies.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: The stores that aren't already closing due to crime are merely responding to the inflation that jumped under his administration, which saps the value of our paycheck. It's worth less and products are worth more. So either suddenly all the supermarket and food producers got greedy at once, or a senile blowhard who never worked in the private sector is wrong. I'm betting on Joe Biden harder than a Chinese lobbyist.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: But here again he attacks things that, unlike him, keep America afloat -- grocery chains, natural gas, a working border, law enforcement, hell, indoor plumbing. Joe should thank capitalism every time he enters a store, because without that system, which works despite everything the Dems do to undermine it, the American public would have turned on him ages ago. But as long as we have food and booze and gas and Amazon and Netflix, Joe can lie about the country as easily as she shakes hands with dead people.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But he's right about one thing. America is tired of being played for suckers. We can only be distracted for so long with bread and circuses, especially when the bread has doubled in price and the circus clown is the guy in charge.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, is it me are does this guy have no concept of how the economy works? He always blames the outcomes for the cause of the outcomes.TIMPF: Yes. And also just kind of, the whole thing felt very like old man yells at cloud. He's like, and the grocery stores, and the Snickers, the thing, the Snickers.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: And he's like, I told them you better -- and you're just like, OK, grandpa. You've got them. You're right. I don't think anybody regardless of any of their political views watches that and is like, you know, I think he's on it.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I think he's got it. I think when I go to the store, people are like OK. I don't think anyone is even thinking about it that much anymore. It's just like, he doesn't know how much anything costs. He doesn't know what he is saying. I think that even saying he doesn't know how the economy works, that's very charitable. He doesn't say anything close to that.GUTFELD: Yes. Tyrus, does this piss you off, or is it just funny?MURDOCH: It's funny until I do the shopping at my house. He such -- you know I try. I try -- hard to be positive about the other side. I've got to talk about one thing. This dude couldn't even get a story about Snickers without screwing it up and think we don't know the difference between lollipops and Snickers. He took us for suckers. No, the story is about Snickers, the candy bar. Suckers is something you give to people after you let them smell your hair.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)MURDOCH: But the whole point of going after President Trump was to expose him. So we had -- for four years we had a transparent White House. We knew every vote. We know who voted and who didn't vote. We know who was responsible, because they were happy to tell us. So Trump fixed the border by taking his pen and writing out his really annoying, evil signature that they were all scared of. And he added all these laws to stop the border.So now we have a president who forgets we have been watching for the last four years, because you made politics transparent by trying to expose the evil redheaded monster. So we know how it works now. And so when he says I can't do anything, whom are you speaking to? You showed us what Trump did. You could do the same thing. So when he says, it's the stores. There is never a follow-up question ever in this administration. What stores? What stores should we avoid specifically, sir? Is it Whole Foods? Is it Fresh Market? What is the stores that we should be focused on doing this stuff?Because, again, to Kat's point, he has no idea what he is talking about. And the American people, we see it. You can no longer -- you've got to kiss us now before you bang us. We know now.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: You know what I'm saying, we are not falling for those other --TIMPF: He probably said that.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: It's a very different way of saying it. And believe it, I know it sounds naughty, but it's just me really aggressively expressly saying give me a hint before you completely screw me over. And he is not kissing at all.GUTFELD: Do you think with the Snicker line he saw one of the Snickers from Halloween, the fun size things. Look what is happening to them!(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: They used to be this big! And they're --(APPLAUSE)KIRN: They're not trying to hide his dementia anymore. They are telling him just go with it.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: He called Americans suckers for paying retail for groceries. What are we supposed to do, shoplift?(LAUGHTER)KIRN: Or haggle? It says this spam is $4. I'll give you $2.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: That was the greatest insult of my lifetime that a president has paid me, that I'm a sucker for wanting to eat and not being willing to shoplift my food.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: You know it's funny, you're right. We've said this on the show. We feel like suckers when we watch people running out of Costco with $900 worth of stuff. And we're going, why aren't we doing that? We are the suckers. He just told us.KIRN: We're the suckers for putting up with this crap. We really are. Not only is Kat right does he sound like he is ranting in a dog park or something, but he is turning on everybody who is productive on behalf of everybody who isn't. And I'm tired of his insults. I could win the insult contest 10 times over with him, but he gets to be on TV and I don't get to talk back, except when I come here.GUTFELD: Exactly. You know, it's true. Like, Trump insulted the power. He never insulted the people. That's all Joe does is insult the people.PIRO: But it's from a position of ignorance. He completely has no idea how a supermarket works. Do you think the supermarkets want the prices to be high? Absolutely not. They don't make money off the price being high. They make money off of prices being low and selling more goods because they are a volume business. So if you have more money in your pocket and you can buy more goods, that grocery store makes more money.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRO: So if he doesn't understand that simple transaction, how can he run the economy? Oh, wait, he can't.GUTFELD: Yes, it's true. Why do they have sales, right? Low prices are what gets people in. What an idiot.All right, I'm almost done with him. Coming up, old Joe is obsessed with the dumbest members of the press.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- Biden obsessed with "Morning Joe." Tyrus, the MSNBC morning show books White House aides between 7:00 and 7:40 a.m. because that's when Joe is awake to watch them. Apparently, he is obsessed with this show and he calls Scarborough for advice. What say you?MURDOCH: Well, there's the riddle.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: We now know who is running the country. That explains a lot now. Now the Snickers thing doesn't seem so --(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Oh boy. And it's your fault because you made fun of Scarborough, and he showed you because he is the pretend president of the United States. There you go, Gutfeld.GUTFELD: Yes.It's so weird, Walter, to start the morning by trying to make yourself stupid. It's like getting up and going, hey, you know what, I feel smart. I'm going to shave off 30 I.Q. points. What's on "Morning Joe"?KIRN: So we find out that "Morning Joe" is programming naptime Joe every day, OK? This used to happen with "The Days of Our Lives" and my grandma.(LAUGHTER)KIRN: Like, we knew if some wife cheated on her husband at dinner, she would be talking about adultery is terrible. And so because he is being programmed, his aides are now being forced to watch the show so they can anticipate what he's going to be concerned about during the day. So I mean, what a crazy situation in which whoever is putting "Morning Joe's" words in his ear is actually whispering into the president's mind. So that's the most powerful person in America, some producer at MSNBC.GUTFELD: Right, that's frightening. You know it's true. It is like he is getting -- he actually is getting his news from a soap opera when you look at those two, right.PIRO: They work together, they all had different spouses, and now they are married.But I know the left is going to go out and say, well, Trump did this with FOX & FRIENDS when he was president. The difference is, and this is a plug for FOX & FRIENDS, is the fact that FOX & FRIENDS speaks to the American people. It does stories about the concerns of the American people. And I know that sounds like a kitschy plug, but it's reality.GUTFELD: Yes, and MSNBC is very insider. It's just --PIRO: "Morning Joe" is a D.C. bubble for the old people that were hippies that are no longer cogent or cognizant of life, and the D.C. establishment. So it's a circular line of thinking, and it's useless. It's useless for the country, really useless.GUTFELD: It's a stupid loop.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, it's a stupid loop. You have stupidity coming one way, gets reinforced, sends it back, and it just keeps going around and around and around. A merry-go-round of idiocy, if you will, Kat, if you will.TIMPF: I was just wondering if you think Mika gets jealous? Do think they fight about it?MURDOCH: yes.TIMPF: Because I definitely would. I would be like, sorry, you don't have time for me? The president is -- right? She probably -- looks how upset she looks, just for example, over there.GUTFELD: She always looks upset. She has resting upset face.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Well played, well played.TIMPF: Listen, no, no, no, I'm not going to hate on that, because so do I.GUTFELD: No, you smile.TIMPF: I do, but more than that. But I'm maybe not the smiliest woman walking around the building.MURDOCH: She looks like she eats people.TIMPF: But she is definitely -- she is like, she's probably like, why not me? Why not me? And I bet you they fight about it. I bet you that's the thing, that argument, no matter where it starts, it always ends up there.KIRN: It's just like the Manchurian Candidate. The could say anything and Joe would do it by noon. Just imagine. I think it's time --MURDOCH: And yet nobody else watches. Isn't that crazy? Because when President Trump watch something, everyone had to watch it to find out how evil it was, or cool, or whatever. Biden watches it, and everyone is like, well, I guess he's got to watch what he's got to watch. I'm not watching. No one flips on. They should be the most popular morning news show on the planet because the president watches it.GUTFELD: Thank God he doesn't watch "The View."(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: But how do we know? I think Damala does.MURDOCH: You'd be arrested.GUTFELD: Yes, I'd be dead already.Up next, we open the door to your questions and more.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yep, you're watching Mailing It In.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Welcome to Mailing It In. HeavyO asks "What punishment would you give to the illegal alien that give New Yorkers the double bird?" Walter?KIRN: First of all, he did after he beat up a cop, so I think he should just be forced to continue to live in our deteriorating society.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Good enough?KIRN: I'm in a bad mood.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Todd?PIRO: I think he should be forced to eat all the food that the migrants throw out, because apparently this food is torture to these people. Secondarily, he likes flipping the bird, so I think if he is such a fan of birds, we should put him on a perch on the tallest building near a park, make him extend his arms, and let the birds do what they will on him like a statue.(APPLAUSE)KIRN: While he's eating the sandwiches that they throw at him.GUTFELD: Tyrus?MURDOCH: So he held it like that, it was like this? I'd just give him a field goal.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Punch him in the face. You'd probably go to jail.MURDOCH: Eh, I'll get out.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Minority, hello? I was oppressed. As a matter of fact, anyone at this table who wants to commit a crime, I'll do it for you, and I can be out in an afternoon.KIRN: That is an app. That's like Uber.MURDOCH: Yes.KIRN: Rent a guide to go beat up cops for you.MURDOCH: White people, don't do it. I got it. Pick me up in an hour.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, these guys hopped on a bus and went across the country. Isn't that punishment enough?TIMPF: From personal experience, it's pretty bad.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I've had such a hard time coming up with the punishment, which makes me feel like maybe I shouldn't have kids.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: They'd all smoke cigarettes. When they are like five years old, they'll be smoking cigarettes. I'll be like, stop it. And then they'll be like, you want one? And I'd be like, eh.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Jail. You beat up a cop, you should be in jail. You beat up anybody like that, you should be in jail.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: There you go. And we couldn't even do that, could we? Welcome to America, 2024.KIRN: We could lock them in the Senate with a young aide.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)PIRO: Full circle, Walter Kirn.GUTFELD: There you go.itDon't go away, we'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Walter Kirn, Todd Piro, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)