(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: You are so sweet. Thank you. Happy Monday, everyone. And hello, Kamala. So we heard a lot about the wall when Trump was in office. But there's another wall when it comes to the border issue, the one between reality and what the media will report and it's a wall 50 times harder to breach than the one Trump was building.But finally, it looks like that wall is crumbling, like a wicker chair under Anna Navarro. We've all seen the video of a dozen migrants attacking two cops in Times Square. The video seems to have broken through the media moat that protects the Left and shown everyone what progressive policies on immigration really look like. And it's scarier than Jesse Watters without his hair and makeup. Yeah.For those who support law enforcement, the images have become like the famous Rodney King video, but in reverse. And it's hard for us to all just get along when we see the people we gave food, shelter and cash, then beat up our protectors. And now the media and Dems act like they suddenly care. Gee, I wonder if it has anything to do with this whole election year thingy? I guess you can't turn the country blue when you're turning its citizens black and blue.And so here in New York, progressives are sweating like AOC trying to make change for a quarter. Take Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg and other Soros hand puppet, who was bragged decided not to even ask for bail for the attackers, who predictably fled New York upon their release. It's the biggest mess Al's made and someone handed him a sloppy joe in a vibrating chair. Last week, Big Al gave a hasty press conference trying to clean up his latest mess.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG, MANHATTAN DA: In Manhattan we do not tolerate or accept assaults on Police officers. I watched the tape this week. Despicable behavior, it sickened me and outraged me.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Sickened and outraged but not enough to do anything about it the incompetent boob. Now this is the same Bragg who said in his first day in office that the office will seek dispositions that avoid immigration consequences. That was the cause and now this is the effect. Cause and effect, Al, just like those crow nuts are turning your waistline into the equator.Is it me or is declaring on day one that illegals have a Get Out of Jail Free card not exactly a recipe for a successful prosecutor. And yet they can't stop creating more incentives. Take New York city's new $53 million program to give prepaid credit cards to migrant families. Literal free money handed out to so called asylum seekers. Apparently, the pre-loaded cards are only good at grocery stores and migrants must sign an affidavit swearing they'll only spend it on food and baby supplies.Yeah, and they also promised to ease up on the assault. Then there's New York Mayor Eric Adams who wrote it in office on the promise of restoring law and order one vegan school lunch at a time. Adams could rescind the city sanctuary status, thereby allowing cops to cooperate with ICE. You remember ICE who the Dems deemed the worst villain on Earth for doing the job the Dems now so desperately need to be done. But Adams who previously said the migrant crisis would destroy New York, gee thanks, Ms. Cleo, has apparently vanished into witness protection.Could it be that visit he got from the FBI who took his phones and announced they're investigating him? I guess nothing brings on an appreciation of Biden's policy genius like a looming federal indictment. And speaking to migration. There's New York Governor Kathy Hochul, whose use of a turkey baster to inject Botox has her eyebrows migrating to Canada. In the wake of the video outrage, Hochul is now saying that deportation is quote, worth checking into.Yeah, that's just what New York needs, a bold leader who's not afraid to eventually look into things but only after 2 pm deep tissue massage. This, by the way, is the same Hochul who has not only abetted the criminal justice reforms that allowed the migrants release, but signed a law that makes it a crime to even threaten to get someone deported. It's the only thing that keeps me from getting Kat sent back to Detroit. Hochul could also rescind the executive order that bans New York State officials from cooperating with ICE and she could fire Alvin Bragg for little things like not doing his job.But that'll be a cold day in hell. Maybe that's why her face is frozen. Finally, there's Joe. Let's forget the roughly 90 Trump era border -- border initiatives he revoked when taking office. We know Joe certainly has; he forgets to remove his suit before entering his walk in shower.Right now, without Congress, Biden could sign an executive order that brings back remain in Mexico, the simplest, most effective southern border policy we -- we've had, or he could invoke this measure right from his government website and refer specifically to the Venezuelan migrants quote, DHS may also decide to terminate your parole at its discretion for other reasons, such as violating any laws of the U.S. If you stay in the U.S. after your parole expires, officials who encounter you may refer you to ICE for immigration proceedings.In other words, Joe Biden at his discretion could simply order these defendants ejected like a grandchild at a Biden family reunion. I know. But he won't, because Venezuela won't take them back. And anything that resembles common sense makes him agree with the big evil orange meanie. On top of this, huge groups of illegals from China were recently seen pouring into the southern border on 60 minutes, a steady stream right through a gap in the fence. Who could have seen that coming.And so now Senate Dems are cooperating with Republicans on an immigration deal. It even includes building that immoral wall we keep hearing so much about. Sure, they want to make it out of paper machete and cotton candy, but at least it's a start. Suddenly, the Dems sound a lot like you know who. It's that same old Democrat specialty push a policy that feels good, but does bad. Then when it causes predictable chaos turn into Republicans to try to clean it up. Rinse and repeat. They're chaos junkies addicted to dumb.Joe, Chuck and Nancy, how about a dose of common sense for once and when the country really needs it not when you're scared of being thrown out on your asses.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. He is smart, funny and charming, but enough about the guests who dropped out. Here's Fox News contributor Tom Shillue. Her commentary gives Liberals dysentery. Editor in chief of the Federalist, Mollie Hemingway. He recently graced the cover of white hobo magazine. TV writer and producer, Rob Long. And terrorists put her on their watch list in New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. Tom, always a pleasure having you on the program.TOM SHILLUE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, yeah, there you go. Very cheery monologue, Greg.GUTFELD: I know. I know. But it's amazing that this guy says he couldn't arrest those people, because he wasn't sure who they were. Why not just take them all in, there a gang and then figure it out?SHILLUE: Yeah. And I mean, the mayor, now they're giving the free money, which is probably better spent if you hand it directly to them, than handing it to these non-governmental organizations and everybody else the amount of waste. You can see just walking from here, over to Grand Central, They have migrants coming out of the hotels right now, right. And then this border bill, which you got Republicans that are preaching to me, I mean, what's his name? Dan Crenshaw?GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: He's Dansplaining me. Oh, you got to read the bill. You got to read the bill. It's in the details. I'm not going to read the bill. No, I don't trust the bill. There's already laws on the border. Who needs another bill? It's already against the law to come into our country, and they're not enforcing that. So I don't need somebody explaining that to me. And I have looked at the bill.5000 people a day. That's like, if you want to stop shoplifting. And then you're like, OK, let's build a shipping and receiving dock just for the shoplifters and they can steal 5000 a day and after that, we're going to shut down the shipping and receiving and say you got to go around the front and you got to steal the old fashioned way.GUTFELD: So, that is a great analogy. It is. It is. But the problem with this bill is I'm not even sure what you're saying is correct, because I haven't read it. I'm not sure it's 5000 a day. But it's not my problem not to know that, right. I didn't read the bill, Mollie. I don't know how anyone could and yet these jackasses put it out there and then they say it must be passed immediately. And it's on you, it's on you for not reading it.And that just me pisses me off because to Tom's point you know I'm not playing that game. I'm not going to, like ingest this bloated monstrosity. Because I don't trust you at all. Anyway, what do you say? I just like babbled.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: They negotiated this bill in secret for months, they wouldn't let anyone know what was going on. Then they release it under dark of night And they say you have to pass it immediately. The problem was, Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer, what they really want is funding for Ukraine.GUTFELD: Right.HEMINGWAY: They said they will pretend to care about the border, if you give us what we really want. And the most of the money in this bill, in fact, goes to Ukraine.GUTFELD: Right.HEMINGWAY: But they forgot that they were supposed to at least pretend to care about border security. And instead it is it just codifies all these things that were there already against the law. So they're actually expanding what is possible in terms of breaking our laws across into the country. And it is a joke. I mean, I've been in politics for a long time. I have seen a lot. I have never seen anything as offensive as what they're trying to do with this sham border bill.GUTFELD: Wow. That's a high bar. I've seen a lot of offensive things. I just saw some in the Senate the other week. Oh, my God. Yeah. By the way, they never caught you, Rob.ROB LONG, TV WRITER & PRODUCER: You know, weirdly they did catch me. Yeah. And thank you for posting the video.GUTFELD: Hey, congratulations on your Fox Nation Special.LONG: Thank you. Yes, it's called -- it's called "A History of the World and Six Glasses." Stars a very, very funny people. Hosted by Jim Belushi and the great Dan Aykroyd, lots of fun. Fox Nations -- all you got to do is sign up for Fox Nation for the rest of your life and you can watch it.GUTFELD: So, I also enjoyed the holiday hobo look that you're doing.LONG: Thank you. Well, I could -- I grew it because I was preoccupied reading the bill, which I've read.GUTFELD: Doesn't bother you how this process works?LONG: Well, but here's what I -- two things bother me. One thing bothers me is the bill itself, that if you're going to get 5000 people in, that is going to trigger the trouble, but 5000 is fine. So that means that everything in the border is so messed up, that there are people who think, well, 5000 is about as good as we're going to get. Like, that's considered a win --GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: -- For people who, which has been bananas, right. So Americans are thinking about 5000 seems like a lot. Like actually, it's not a lot. It's like, it's 50,000. So, you're welcome.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly.LONG: The second thing is like, what if your family in New York City, and you're kind of like struggling a little, what you should do is you should go to Mexico. Sneak in the border, come back to New York, where they'll put you up in a hotel and give you money.GUTFELD: Right.LONG: Why would you not do that? Why ?GUTFELD: Exactly.LONG: Why would -- why would you know families a little bit who are struggling financially --GUTFELD: That's your holiday vacation, right there. Kids, we're going to go to Mexico.LONG: And then we're going to come back, we're going to stay in a hotel.GUTFELD: In Times Square.LONG: Yeah, right.GUTFELD: The number one tourist attraction in the world.LONG: And we're going to -- we're going to get a free little gift card every whatever, every week.GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: From the mayor. It's like, it's kind of great. I don't know why more Americans aren't doing that.GUTFELD: You're right. Because you know why we're Americans, Rob, and we don't game this system, right.LONG: Well, I don't know even though the slow down. Slow down. Yeah, we do.GUTFELD: But we don't ride the rails like you do.LONG: Well, we don't ride the rails. We're making little marks. Nice lady makes pies. You know, like that about those marks? No, we do do all that. But well, that's because we're Americans and that's, that's the privilege of being an American.GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: Like, if you're not an American, you look, you can either have a generous welfare state, or you can have open borders, but you can't have both.GUTFELD: That is true. Kat has said that many times, Kat, and I would quote you on it. But why bother? Because you're right here.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Right here.GUTFELD: You're right here. You know what it feels like? It does feel like two things. One, we are watching votes on reparations. But we're just this is a reparation for people who don't even live here. Right. And number two, what Rob's talking about is gaming the system. Anytime the Democrats create something, they never think about how a system can be gamed?TIMPF: Well, incentive is governed everything right?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: So if there's an incentive to come here, why wouldn't people come here?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: And to pretend like that doesn't exist, it's just absolutely absurd. I mean, you're, if you can say, OK, don't come here. But if you do, we're going to give you money and a place to stay, then that's you're -- the first part doesn't matter. It's like, do you ever have a friend who's always going on and on and on to you like, my ex won't leave me alone? Like he's texting me all the time. He won't leave me alone. Oh, my God. He's so annoying. But she leaves out the fact every time she gets drunk, she's sleeping with him. There's incentives for him to do it. So what she's saying doesn't matter.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's a great, great analogy.TIMPF: Thank you.GUTFELD: And the thing is, you know, we talked about incentives. But the disincentives aren't there. Meaning that if you just send somebody back, that's just like playing a game of pinball. You just play another game. So they come back and they come back over again, just send it back, then you need to put them in a worse position than they were if they hadn't broken the law. So maybe we do send them to Anchorage.You know -- you know what I mean. Or and then you and then you punish also the IRS, you'd send the felons to their block. I mean, you have to create a disincentive for behavior.LONG: You know the people who are most surprised by this are probably the migrants who you explain to them what's happening. They must think themselves, wait a minute.GUTFELD: This is too good. This is by --LONG: Am I being punked here?GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: This can't be true, right.GUTFELD You're giving me free stuff.LONG: This can't be true because the countries they come from, don't offer any of those.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly. Well said, hobo man.LONG: Thank you.GUTFELD: Up next, Nikki Haley in a sketch is guaranteed to make you rich.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SINGING) It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's video of the day.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Thank you. Thank you. SNL let's Nikki take a swing while Trump says he looks like the king. Today's video of the day comes to us from Nikki Haley who popped up on Saturday Night Live and she fit right in by not being funny. She played the role of a concerned South Carolina voter in the opening skit questioning a fake Donald Trump in a town hall and she showed all the charisma of a five pound bag of all-purpose flour. Roll it, Fran.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: My question is; why won't you debate Nikki Haley?DONALD TRUMP PLAYED BY JAMES AUSTIN JOHNSON: Oh, my god, it's her. The woman who was in charge of security on January 6. It's Nancy Pelosi.HALEY: Are you doing OK, Donald? You might need a mental competency test.AUSTIN JOHNSON: You know what I did? I took the test and I aced it. OK, perfect score. They said I'm 100 percent mental --HALEY: You spent $50 million in your own legal fees. Do you need to borrow some money?AUSTIN JOHNSON: Oh, Nikki, don't do this. Nikki. Nikki Haley Joel Osment. We call her six cents. Remember that one. I see dead people.HALEY: Yeah, that's what voters will say if they see you and Joe on the ballot.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The only dead people we see are the writers for this show. Not to be overshadowed, Trump went on Instagram to point out similar he looks to the King of Rock and Roll. Take a look. Here you go, see. It's uncanny. So maybe Elvis didn't die. He just died himself orange and went into real estate. Meanwhile, Joe says he's not going to participate in the traditional Super Bowl halftime interview. True. It's the first time the NFL said a president had too much head trauma. What does Joe think if that's indeed possible?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHILLUE ACTING LIKE JOE BIDEN: Oh, no, no, no. Look -- look, I want to do it. I didn't want to do Fox last year. I'll do CBS. Those guys are softies. Scott Pelley, Norah O'Donnell, I'll do both of them. I'll scratch Pelley's back while I'm smelling O'Donnell's hair -- they like. But it's my staff, they don't want me doing it.They think I'm going to say the wrong thing. I'm good. I got a plan. If I lose my train of thought, I just whisper. If that fails, I just tell one of my famous stories. Yeah, like the time I was working in all black polish restaurant in the Puerto Rican section of Korea Town. And I took out corn pop with a --(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Mollie, the fact that he's not doing the Super Bowl interview says a lot. It's like a three minute interview. I mean, I think most of the questions are like, who are you rooting for? What are you eating?HEMINGWAY: It's a three minute interview with one of the largest audiences in the world. Like it's -- it's such a gift to a politician to be able to do that. And yeah, the questions are in no way going to be difficult. And I think the team, the Biden team knows that he is so unpopular, that just seeing him actually bothers people. There was a poll that came out this weekend showing that he's just getting smoked in every Demographic care -- category versus Trump.GUTFELD: Yeah, it's funny. It's like I think they really worry, Rob, that if -- he could just say one thing and it's over. You know.LONG: Yeah, this is a high wire act for election.GUTFELD: Yeah, sitting for three minutes.LONG: No one is sleeping -- probably in either camp but definitely his, no one is sleeping well. But can we just take a moment since we have him here.GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: We'd like appreciate what Tom -- the work that Tom's doing.SHILLUE: Oh, nice. All right.LONG: Being Biden. You know.GUTFELD: OK, what --LONG: I mean, I do have to say, honestly, never been much of a fan but this is good. This is good stuff.GUTFELD: You know, it's -- what is weird about the Tom's impression and I was going to get to that but now we've jumped over there. I guess you could it call it the Rob Long Show. Anyway, hobo tonight.LONG: I wasn't expecting you to say anything nice.GUTFELD: Yeah, right.LONG: I had to jump in.GUTFELD: No, but you know what it is -- is like that. Tom, like estimated how Joe would be. Oh, and he started like degrading and Tom started degrading himself and then like Joe started catching up. And the degradation it was weird. It was all of a sudden there were times when I was watching Joe Biden like on Twitter or something and I go that's Tom.LONG: Yeah.GUTFELD: I thought it was Tom.LONG: Oh, you think, oh, Tom, that's a little -- that's a little too on the nose.GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: That's a little too much dementia. Yeah. Oh, damn. That's actually Joe Biden.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.SHILLUE: I knew it. I'm Joestradamus.GUTFELD: Terrible joke, Tom. Do you -- what did you think Nikki should have done SNL?LONG: I think no politician should do any comedy show ever. They're never funny. They always look weird.GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: And they always look like that great Steve Buscemi thing, hello fellow kids.GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: They always look like Bob Hope and a hippie wig. It never worked.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly tried to be cool. Kat, Trump and Elvis, that was a stroke of genius. Isn't that? You know what I love about that? Well, you know, what I love about that is that Trump is could be incredibly silly at any moment and just like take the piss out of everything. And then it's just like, and that's uncle Trump.TIMPF: Well, I've seen it be reported on a lot like in the true sense of reported on.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Trump thinks he's out and I'm like, oh, he knows. But going back to the SNL thing quickly, this proves that like, everybody knows, she's not going to win, because they wouldn't have her on there and be nice to her like that, if they thought that she had any chance of being the nomination, or getting the nomination because if she does, and they're going to have to apologize for like normalizing Nikki Haley or whatever.Because they, you know, remember when what people were thinking maybe Ron DeSantis was going to be the nominee, I mean, years ago. And I never did, by the way so. People are like, oh, is he may be worse than Trump. So the fact that we're treating her so nicely means that they don't see her as any threat to him.HEMINGWAY: I think it also shows that they that Nikki Haley's only job here is like to tear down Trump and SNL also wants to tear down Trump.TIMPF: Yeah.HEMINGWAY: So the problem is she's pretending to run for the Republican nomination, and that's not going to get her part.GUTFELD: No, it's not. You know, Tom, I just came up with a great idea. You should do -- at the halftime of the Super Bowl do live on X a three minute interview.SHILLUE: I might have to do it. I might have to do it.GUTFELD: If we can get Tyler Fisher together to do Trump and you guys could do it together but that's a lot of work. And I'm lazy. Sunday. I don't know.SHILLUE: Well, look, we'll see what we can do, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes. Yes. Yes. Care to comment on a; Nikki Haley, b; Donald Trump. C; there was something else in there.SHILLUE: Yeah. OK. Nikki Haley, not funny. Not -- not a surprise.GUTFELD: Elvis?SHILLUE: Yeah, the brilliant thing about Trump with this meme is I don't even think he looks like Elvis. He just wants people talking. And that side by side, it's like, does he look like Elvis? Or is that half Elvis, half Trump, you know, what is it? But then Biden weighed in on it. This is what's so funny.GUTFELD: Yes.SHILLUE: He weighed in on what is Trump's strength, which is this kind of weird meme. And it makes you think, because then everyone's talking, whoa, he's just Trump look like Elvis, whatever. And then the next thing you think of is, wait a minute, what does Biden look like? And I'm thinking like, if anything, it's that, you know, the skull with hair on it in the Iron Maiden logo?GUTFELD: Yes.SHILLUE: Like, yeah, couldn't think of anything else that resembled.GUTFELD: That's so true. You know that character has a name. The Iron Maiden, it's on every cover. He's got a name and I hate that I can't remember it.HEMINGWAY: Jeff.GUTFELD: Joey. Joey. It's Joey. I take my audience's word on that. All right, we got to move on.LONG: We're just calling out names.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: Yeah. Eddie, it's Eddie. Oh, they act like they know now. Oh, it's Eddie. There you go. All right. Up next; does Elon have the tools to save our schools.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Elon Musk. Oh, man, we don't deserve him, I swear.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Musk's new vocation, elevating education. But if we give him a shot, maybe schools won't rot. It's true, Musk is setting out to save yet another failing American institution. No, not that. That's a lost cause.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: This time our education system. I know, I didn't know we still had one either. Back in 2021, Musk suggested starting a new university called the Texas Institute of Technology and Science, which is a great idea. Finally, a school not obsessed with identity, drag queen story hour, and tampon machines for men's bathrooms. Something devoted to the hard stuff that's responsible for civilization, like engineering, life and physical sciences, computer science, and math. Yesterday he pushed the idea again, tweeting, "Should I make the Texas Institute of Technology and Science real?" And then he adds, "It would, of course, have advanced social studies, too."So there you have it. The Texas Institute of Technology and Science and advanced social studies -- TITS and ASS.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Nice. Nice.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: And we thought he only cared about neural implants, aerospace rockets, and robots. It's amazing, the world's richest man possesses the mentality of Bart Simpson.Despite the rumors and those movies I made in Germany back in the 1980s, I am not a homosexual, but this guy, he gets me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: He's creating a bold new academic universe but marrying it to tits and ass. I think I'm in love. This comes after it was announced last December that Elon donated nearly $100 million to help launch a series of new schools in Austin. And thankfully, there's no mention of starting the Professional University of Stupid Students, Yonkers.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: There's not a lot of y's. Not a lot of y's.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Sorry Yonkers. I love Yonkers.So Elon could revolutionize the education system the same way he revolutionized the electric car industry, the spacecraft industry, and robotics. I think I speak for all Americans when I say, Elon, we can't wait to see your tits and ass.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And if he's looking to build an international faculty, there's one educator who comes to mind.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Rob, you have to join me in this awe. The world's richest man --LONG: It's hardwired into us.GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: I read it, I thought, oh, that's a great idea. And then I was, oh, come on. Then because it was so outrageous, I thought, well, you know, he has got to be inclusive, and in that institute, there has to be a Department of International Cooperative Knowledge. And then I came up with a bunch of other ones, and I finally said, also the Institute for Vague Nubbins for the transgender people in the middle. He is going to be super inclusive. And now I'm doing it for five minutes. The guy, he has figured me out.GUTFELD: Yes, he has. And he has enough money to build these schools with those acronyms.LONG: Sure.GUTFELD: He will stick to it. You know he will.LONG: Yes. And also, I mean, you have to say, please do build that. We do need that.GUTFELD: Yes, we do need that.LONG: But, OK. It's like -- it is like Bart Simpson with $53 billion.GUTFELD: Exactly.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, would you send your kids to TITS and ASS?TIMPF: Well, first I need to have kids.GUTFELD: It was a hypothetical.TIMPF: OK. The first thing I did was click on the tweets to see what time he tweeted these things. And the tits and ass he tweeted at 3:00 a.m. central, 4:00 a.m. central on a Sunday. And the first time it was just tits, was 1:30 eastern on a Sunday morning as well. So it seems to be something he only considers on the weekends.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Like a little weekend project, I'm sure that's why.GUTFELD: But he's going to build these schools. I mean, he's got the money, Tom. But it also kind of speaks to that weird -- well, it's a secret of the elite class. They always start with the acronym of their organization, and then they work backward.SHILLUE: He is really a world class troller, though, because when he tweeted this, he was like Texas Institute of Technology and Science. And legitimate people, like famous people were weighing in, and they were saying shouldn't it be the Texas Institute of Science and Technology? He was like nope. "Technology" has to come first.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: And they were like, but the science precedes technology, does it not? He's like "technology" first.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: By the way, I live in Yonkers, Greg.GUTFELD: I know you do.SHILLUE: Yes. The schools there are good.GUTFELD: There's no academic term that begins with the letter "y." I checked. Believe me, I did my research.Mollie, do you think he's going to do this?HEMINGWAY: Sure. And I think he's made so much money throughout his life, and even on just merchandise alone it would work. Like everyone wants a Tits U sweatshirt, right.GUTFELD: Yes, yes.SHILLUE: He's not going to stop. He's going to be like the new dean is like Richard Hurts.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Man.LONG: Department Chair, Amanda Hugginkiss.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Or Seamor Butts.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I love this so much, and I know he's going to do it. Remember, when he talked about buying Twitter, he tweeted, hey, should I buy Twitter, what do you guys think? And everybody thought he wasn't serious, and then he does it. And he did it knowing he was going to lose a ton of money. He did it anyway. And that's I think what he --LONG: Also, can you imagine, people would want to be in the marching band.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.(LAUGHTER)LONG: Just to spell it out on the field.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, we've got to move on. My favorite topic.Coming up, Kamala gets pissed when she's constantly dissed.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kamala's top is about to blow when she watches my other hit show. She says "THE FIVE" is too mean and lives in fear of Judge Jeanine. Vice President Harris reportedly gets so flustered by watching "THE FIVE" she gets, quote, high anxiety. So the V.P. of the United States can't handle criticism from a talk show? Well, Ms. Harris, if you can't stand the heat, get into the kitchen.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A sexist would say!GUTFELD: That's according to a former staffer who told "Axios" she could be driven to distraction, and apparently for Kam, that's a very short drive. And who could blame her right? Look at this dude, huh? Come on, she's only human mostly. I would sleep with that guy every chance I'd get.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And I do. So my co-hosts and I got into her head. Luckily, there's enough space in there for all of us.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But I wonder, what's upsetting her?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: Kamala is so ditsy she doesn't even know her job is supposed to be overseeing the border.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Cigarettes kill people, and cigarettes are more popular to Kamala Harris.GUTFELD: She is high as a kite. I'm not drink shaming. I'm just saying -- I'm trying to give her an out here, because that made no sense.WATTERS: The media can market anything except Kamala Harris. Greg, explain the budget like Kamala would have.GUTFELD: The budget is everything. Everything.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's not just some things, but it's everything together.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Now --(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Thank you. It says something that she'd rather watch a FOX show that mocks her than anything on CNN or MSNBC, and they blow smoke up her ass like a dwarf with a cigar.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Of course, Kamala has to take some blame. She provides more materials than the suppliers to Lane Bryant.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So apparently one little show on FOX drives Kamala crazier than she already is, and she's mad, saying she won't rest until she finds when the show airs and exactly how many people host it.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, what do you make of this? This is kind of like doom scrolling in a way, or like somebody who reads the tweets that are critical of them.TIMPF: Yes, no, because they do get into your head. So I try really hard no to do it, because people are so -- mean. You know what I mean. They're always holding their grandkid in the picture, too. It's like go talk to your grandkid, you evil bitch, right.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Seriously.GUTFELD: Wow.TIMPF: She's smiling. Yes, so that's why I try really hard not to look at it, because it's whatever.But this is funny, because it's either of two things, right. And a former aide says this, right, anonymous, so either it's true, or it's not true and the aide made it up because this person thought this would be the most embarrassing thing to admit would be that you get to her.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.TIMPF: Either way, it's pretty funny.GUTFELD: What's the second thing?TIMPF: Either it's true or they made it up. You don't listen to me when I talk.GUTFELD: I was listening. I can get this at home.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tom, are you impressed that she -- you know, maybe it helps her.SHILLUE: You know what, I was going to say I was a little impressed that she watches it, because obviously she can take it if she sees people making fun of her all the time. And I would be more interested in people who were talking bad about me than watching MSNBC or something like that. And this also goes to my theory that I know that FOX is always ahead in the ratings, but I think that they undercount the ratings because I think there's a lot of people out there who are watching FOX who don't even admit it, and we don't even know how big the audience is.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.SHILLUE: But, yes, I think it's very interesting. And I think she wants to overcome this. That's why she doesn't stop. She has been a national joke since the beginning, and she rambles on. And then it's gotten worse. She rambles longer now, and she makes less sense because I think she see it. And she's like wait a minute, I'm really cool. I'm going to go out there and I'm going to do this, I can overcome this. And she can't. So she's going to just keep it up.GUTFELD: Just digging that hole deeper and deeper, Mollie. What do you think?HEMINGWAY: So I actually think she might just enjoy the show. I want it when I'm getting ready for SPECIAL REPORT, and I don't want you to get a big head about it, but it's like a really, funny good show. There's a reason why so many people are watching it. So it could just be that.The other thing is, nobody else is talking about her because the way the leftwing media handles the fact that she has been a failure on every single issue and that she's an embarrassment is they don't talk about her. So at least on your show, occasionally she gets talked about.GUTFELD: Yes, she hears her name, and everyone knows her name, Rob. Does that ring a bell for "Cheers"?LONG: Sadly, it does.GUTFELD: Yes. She would be a great sitcom cashing.LONG: She has been, Ted Baxter. As you know, I don't watch your show. I'm too busy reading the congressional immigration bills. I want to get all the details right. But it's on at 5:00 p.m., right?GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: That's not much of a work day for Kamala.GUTFELD: Exactly.LONG: She's like FOX is on a 5:00. What, she's doing just the union eight and that's it. Like, I'm done now. I'm on break. I'm going to watch TV. That seems kind of unusual, right. Why is she doing it?And the second thing I would say she is I agree that she's watching it, but it's apparently making her anxious because you guys are talking about what a disaster it would be if she was president, and that makes me anxious. So now she knows how we feel.GUTFELD: I think she's watching it because of me.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: It's possible.GUTFELD: I think that's why everybody watches.TIMPF: Yes, we know.(LAUGHTER)LONG: I think you pay a lot of people to tell you that.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. That's how it's supposed to be.Up next, to avoid mental lows stop picking your nose.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- nose picking leads to dementia. Tom, this scares the crap out of me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Scientific data shows people who frequently pick their noses are at a higher risk of developing Alzheimer's disease. If that were the case, I would have been diagnosed at 12.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: I know. And I think -- I don't know why the nose is so sacred. I see people sticking fingers in their ears all the time. When they're giving speeches, I see people sticking fingers in their mouth. But you can't go near that nose right?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Nose privilege.SHILLUE: As you know, well, I don't pick my nose. But as you know, Greg, I do rinse out my nasal passages with a saltwater iodine mixture.GUTFELD: He does. He does. You are a psychopath.Mollie, is this some kind of weird strategy by female scientists to get men to stop picking --HEMINGWAY: That is literally exactly what I thought. I was like, there's no way they've actually analyzed this. There's no way they would know who was picking their nose and who wasn't. But it does seem to be one of those -- and not that any science is really being done with rigor right now.GUTFELD: If they wanted guys to stop picking their nose, they say they're 10 times more likely to suffer from micro-penis. Then they really would stop.Rob, you know what would be great? If they published a study that says that picking your nose increases your risk of Alzheimer's disease, but eating the boogers reduces your risk of Alzheimer's disease.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It would freak people out.LONG: Why do you do that to yourself?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I don't know.LONG: You have everything, you have everything, and you insist on doing that.(LAUGHTER)LONG: But you didn't really read the study, because the study also says that if you get somebody else to pick your nose they get your Alzheimer's.(LAUGHTER)HEMINGWAY: Interesting.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, women don't really pick their noses, do they?TIMPF: You know what was one of the best things that ever happened to me in my whole entire life.GUTFELD: What?TIMPF: It was in 2017, I was on the train. I saw the most beautiful woman in the whole world. I saw her pick her nose.GUTFELD: Really.TIMPF: And then I saw her see me see her do it. And she was so embarrassed.LONG: And she has no memory of that now.TIMPF: No, not me. I'll never forget it.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Because usually I think that if you are in public picking your nose, you generally don't care about the rules of society. So you might not care about this -- you're not reading studies probably. This might have been a misfire.GUTFELD: It's just there's no way -- the theory is that you're pushing microbes up into your brain.SHILLUE: You know who needs to study this more?GUTFELD: Who.SHILLUE: The Texas Institute of Technology and Science.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Joe Biden was like, great, now you tell me.SHILLUE: Alzheimer's, cured by TITS.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We are out of time. Thanks to Tom Shillue, Mollie Hemingway, Rob Long, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)