NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: -- but like so many firemen and so many heroes that day, whether they worked or not, were supposed to be in or not, whether they were tired or not. Everyone wanted to help. Bob said it's just what we did. It's just what I did. The best I could do.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Talk about adding insult to injury, there's a new migrant outrage after these copied illegal immigrants gave America two middle fingers while walking free without bail and then, use false names to flee to California.New York City is planning to dole out $53 million in prepaid credit cards to migrant families being housed in hotels. Rapper 50 Cent, is that how you say that?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes.PERINO: Says the prepaid cards might even motivate him to vote against Biden in 2024. He said this, maybe Trump is the answer but Democratic Mayor Eric Adams says 50 Cent has got it all wrong. Watch him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: We have to recycle this money back into our local economy because we're spending this money anyway. These costs are going to go to Bodegas, grocery stores, supermarkets, local businesses are going to benefit. And it's focused on baby supplies and food.I told 50 Cent to hit me up. I would love to explain it to him so that he can go out and do another tweet of saying, you know what, Eric is just a smart manager. He may even write a song about me.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Meanwhile, Manhattan D.A. album Bragg is insisting that he now wants to get those copying migrants back from California this week. He will present evidence for a grand jury but just two days ago, Bragg was defending their release.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG, MANHATTAN D.A.: While the video is shocking and disturbing, in order to secure convictions in a court of law, it is essential that we conclusively identify each defendant.In Manhattan, we do not tolerate or accept assaults on police officers. I watched the tape this week. Despicable behavior, it sickened me and outraged me.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: I watched it first. But anyway, try that in a red state. A CNN anchor seemed to have been left speechless after being told that illegal immigrants don't steal in Florida because there, they go to jail.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They were doing organized retail theft. They were doing snatches on the street. So, what the detectives are telling me is they have crews here that operate in New York, do all their stealing, then go to Florida to spend the money and then come back and I'm like, well, why don't they just stay in steal in Florida? Because there, you go to jail.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: All right. So, there you have it. They were speechless. And they said, wow, amazing.I don't even know where to begin. But perhaps with the debit cards $53 million, but it's going to save money, he says.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's amazing how CNN is always shocked by reality. Right? It's like, whoa, it goes back to that moment when Lemon and Cuomo were talking about crime. And they were at that, they go, we went out to dinner. We had a great time. There wasn't any crime in New York. They're always -- they're eternally shocked.But this debit card fiasco is just another example of how Democrats and liberals do not understand the concept of incentives and disincentives. How do they miss this in life? That if you reward behavior, you get more of it. If you punish behavior, you get less of it.Do you think this is how they raise their kids, your teenager breaks the law and when he comes home, you give him a gift card to Nike? It doesn't make any sense in real life.And sending migrants back isn't even a discentive in itself. That's an incentive because the messages just keep coming back.You know, you need a deeper hole. We need to look at other countries now and see what do they do, you have to make the punishment worse than just starting at zero. And I know that sounds harsh, but that's how it works. That's how you battle this corruption.And you also have to look at the bureaucracy. We've talked about this before, you know, if punishment is designed is putting someone in a situation that is worse than it was if they hadn't done the bad thing. We have to apply that to bureaucracy as well. And that means perhaps dismantling the whole system and starting over because this is like insane. How do they do this?PERINO: Well, he tries to say that it would actually save the taxpayers money if you do this. I don't know. Governor Abbott of Texas had something to say about it. You watch him here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): It sounds like insanity is behind it because it really is offensive when you see police officers in New York City being beaten by illegal immigrants in this country who should not be in the country in the first place. And then, after they engage in this crime against a law enforcement -- on law enforcement officer, they were let loose back out onto the streets. What's going on in New York is outrageous.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Judge, the D.A. says he now wants to bring them back.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Wow, you think he's been reading the press or getting a lot of phone calls?You know, first of all, this is a man who doesn't know anything about prosecuting crime. You've got a mob of illegals who gang assault police officers, they make arrest, and then the D.A. lets them out on bail. The D.A. initially chose to remain silent.Last week, we had someone with a microphone, I think it was Fox person. And he just wouldn't answer the question as to why they were led out without any bail.Now, it's -- you may not -- I'm sure you know this, Dana. But the truth is, it was a C violent felony for which bail is allowed.Now, I don't put -- I don't take the judge off the hook for this, either. The judge could have said, I want bail set in this case, what do you know about this individual and his ties to the community? That is the whole point of bail.And if there's anyone who shouldn't be or who should be at least held to a higher standard, it's an illegal because they have no ties to the community, no family, no residence, no job. So, you assume they're going to flee and indeed they did.So, a couple of days later, the D.A. comes out and he says we don't tolerate assaulting police officers. But the reason we didn't ask for bail is because we have to make sure that we charged the right people with the right crime. Are you stupid Alvin Bragg? You charged him with gang assault, that means that they are complicit, they're charged with aiding and abetting each other.And until you get to the bill of particulars, you don't have to get identify who did what. And you may not even ever have to as long as you could show that they were in a gang and they were complicit. And then, he says some of the most culpable may not have been identified yet.So, then let me ask you a question, Mr. D.A., why did you arrest him in the first place if you're not sure that they could be charged with a classy violent felony? Class C, I want to be clear about that.Are you saying that you didn't have the evidence or you did, because stop running around in circles. And it takes him 10 days to put this case in the grand jury. You have video cameras, you've got street cameras, you've got victims who are willing to testify. This case, if I were the D.A. would have been in the grand jury the next day, the cops would have helped me out we would have had it done.Shame on him. This is everybody pointing finger and now Mayor Adams says we want to work with ICE. Mayor, don't give me that nonsense when you talk to talk. You want to work with ICE, you get the city council to change the section of law so that whenever there's an assault on a police officer, or a gang assault that they can call ICE. They're not saying ICE can't make an arrest.PERINO: We can thank de Blasio for that.PIRRO: Well, yes and for Adams for continuing with the nonsense.PERINO: Harold, you haven't been around the table in a little while, we have missed you. I'm sure you were very happy to be back around the table.FORD JR.: I'm happy to be back around the table.PERINO: Weigh in on this topic. Go ahead.FORD JR.: Thanks again. I agree with the Judge with regard to how some of these judges have to help us to get around some of the really think the inequities of the cashless bail system. The ties to the community standard to test that the judge speaks to is the reason that every any migrant who is charged with something, you should hold them until you find all the -- until the next step is required.Migrants are overrunning the city in many ways, not only just -- not only New York, but Chicago as well. And the mayor, I understand where the mayor is coming from. I don't understand fully the plan is fitting.And hopefully, he gets -- he gets 50 on board with him or at least reaches out more. And the mayor is a friend. But I don't understand what we're going to accomplish with this other than perhaps being more of a magnet and an incentive.Two, we had to change the law. Any violence inflicted upon a law enforcement office in a city should be no bail, period. For whether you're migrant or you are a New Yorker and you're an American, whatever it may be, it should not be the case here in New York to allow anyone to inflict violence on a police officer or for that matter, any law enforcement officer.Now, I come to this 30 seconds on this. I think that this deal that's been reached in the Senate. I've not read all of it. I know we talked about doing a traumatize reading here, outside of the show up what the agreement was.But I do hope that speaker Johnson will bring it to the floor for a vote in the House and allowed normal process to or regular order as they call it to take place. The Republicans have every right because in the majority, they set the rules, let amendments come to this. If there are things we don't like about it, you want a wall, I think that -- I would support a wall if I were in the Congress. If there are things you don't like about the asylum reform process, let that take place and then let it go back to the Senate and let's get into negotiation going.Because what I don't want to have happen, we've talked about 200, 300, 350,000 people coming across the border, drug trafficking, human trafficking, all the other awful things that are coming across, I want to find a way to get to get to some conclusion here that we can all agree upon.We have to remember that Republicans have a majority in the House of two votes. Democrats only have a one vote majority in the Senate. And the president is Democrat. This is a divided government. So, let's figure out a way to get to some sort of conclusion because otherwise, we're going to be having this exact same conversation about New York and Chicago and for that matter, other cities.PERINO: Denver.FORD JR.: And Denver across the country.PERINO: Jesse Watters, the floor is yours.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I'll slay that beast today. You don't have to waste our time here, Harold, although I love you and it's good to have you back around the table.Jerry Nadler said that migrants are here to pick crops, but now they're kicking cops. How about that, Jerry?Now, Dana, when I look at this, I see that what you're allowed to do, you're allowed to break into the country that give you free bus tickets in New York. You can come here, you get a free hotel room, you get free cribbage, you get meals that are culturally appropriate. And then you can kick a cop in the head, get out of jail with no cash bail, and then skip town, drive drunk to California for a free sex change, and Democrats won't deport you.PERINO: And you get -- and the free health care.WATTERS: And free reassignment surgery, Juan can become one Juanita, doesn't matter.You have now created a situation where you are taking tax dollars from hardworking American families here and giving AmEx debit cards to migrants. And it's not like an EBT card where you can buy booze and cigs, you can buy booze and cigs with these AmEx cards.Now, I wouldn't be insulted if this was happening. Now, that's why I live in New Jersey. I don't have to deal with this nonsense.POTUS hasn't even answered a question about this. These people are getting kicked in the head in Manhattan, and no one has asked him about this?. No one's asked him about cash bail, sanctuary cities, criminal illegals? He's going three years without having to answer on the border.Now Trump would just kind of go to Marine One, he'd talk about whatever was hot that day, even Barack would hold a press conference and fill the question. How is it that this guy has gotten this far to the presidency and doesn't even have to answer for these policies? This is absolute insanity.PERINO: And we're going to talk more about his situation. Coming up, the liberal media hitting the panic button as Donald Trump scores his biggest lead yet over Biden.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Joe Biden is ready to Tango.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donald Trump says he's ready to debate you right now, do you accept?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He said that on radio.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He wants to immediately, he said.BIDEN: Immediately? Well, if I were him, I'd want to debate me too, he got nothing else to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Somebody's getting ahead of their defense. Donald Trump scoring, his largest lead yet against Joe Biden in the latest poll by NBC and increasing his lead there by five points.Donald is up 23 points when it comes to who has the better mental and physical health to be president. Trump also blows Biden out of the water on the economy, besting Joe by more than 20 points. And black voters are a big reason why.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean, you know, Donald Trump has a reputation of being the money man.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He did some of the things that he talks about what business. I can kind of agree with as far as business-wise, because I'm trying to grow my business. As far as Biden, I haven't seen Biden really care about business like that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A lot of my friends are (INAUDIBLE) so I'm a little younger. We've only voted once, you know, for ex former president. And Trump was kind of all we know, we were broke with Biden. We weren't with Trump. And that's kind of the only thing that I'm hearing over and over.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: With numbers that bad, the media is going to need a whole squad of therapy llamas to cope.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKA BRZEZINSKI, MSNBC HOST: Brutal economic poll numbers for President Biden come despite most of the key economic indicators remaining extremely strong.KRISTEN WELKER, MSNBC HOST: The economy is so striking, Steve, because jobs are up, inflation is down, voters aren't giving him credit for that clearly.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How do you solve it when people have concluded that you are not fit to be the president of the United States today, let alone four more years?JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: I'll just say right here, a lot of them shocking to me. I mean, outrageous. Everything cutting again, which again, for me is it's so preposterous. It's laughable.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: No facts in there. Jesse, Joe Biden says he's not going to do the interview in the Super Bowl halftime. Is this an opportunity for Trump to do it?WATTERS: Because he's really the president right now.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: I see what you did there. Well, listen, this is what Norah O'Donnell doing it. Last year was Bret Baier, who he canceled on, this is Norah. They only wanted three minutes. This is an election year, you're dodging the Super Bowl interview. You're not really campaigning for president if you're dodging, that's softball after softball. The first question is on Ukraine, second is Gaza. The third question is what are you going to eat when you watch the game? That's three minutes, if he can't survive that, that tells you everything you need to know.Now, the media has lost touch with the street. Now I have my ear on the street. When I say my ear, I mean, Johnny. Johnny goes out there and talks to people, barbershops, wherever he's at. And it's the same thing. There was money in your pocket four years ago. Now, there's not as much.If you look at that wage growth chart, Greg, I know you sleep with that chart.GUTFELD: You know it.WATTERS: Wage growth after the Trump economic tax and regulation policies kicked in, went through the roof, wages skyrocketed, and then Fauci's funded Wuhan lab just killed it. And then Biden's energy and spending policies crippled the wage recovery.So, people don't have as much money now. And that's just the bottom line. You can talk about these Wall Street numbers like GDP and jobs. But that doesn't -- it misses the kitchen table issue that people are really feeling.GUTFELD: Unlike you.WATTERS: Unlike me.GUTFELD: Yes, Harold, I go to you for no particular reason. Blacks. Like everybody else, the economy matters. Maybe the lesson for Democrats is the only color that brings the country together is green. What say you, Harold Ford Jr.?FORD JR.: Being in that barbershop, watching the barbershop scene there. It's something that frankly I'm hearing in from friends and others around the country who have their own Johnny's that are out helping them understand what's happening.I'd say a couple things to Democrats, one -- and to the White House, you're making a mistake not to do the Super Bowl interview. I think Jesse is right in terms of the two or three questions, amount of time, it gives the president an opportunity to get as many reps and his practices as he may need, and others may need to begin to lay out the agenda and the vision for the campaign.Two, when the president walks out of an event. He's got to regardless of the question, be railing off point after point after point why he should be reelected. There shouldn't be any waiting for the question, trying to be funny about things. This is a serious moment.This polling data, this is the first time in my lifetime where both watches say, Mrs. Clinton -- Secretary Clinton and then candidate Donald Trump, both of them had plus 95 percent name recognition and people felt like they knew them, this will be the same. We've never had to former -- one president and a former president in my lifetime running against one another.So, everybody knows him. So, you have to be on your A game every time you get off that helicopter, when you get off that plane, when you come out the Oval Office. And certainly, when you come out an ice cream shop if you're on the campaign trail.Finally, this issue with black men is serious. I started with Jesse and Greg started with it. You should take seriously what those young men are saying because I don't think it was just isolated to those four young men there, it's not animosity towards the president. What it's saying is you're not speaking to, you're not meeting me where we are, there are things in our lives that are not broken but are in disrepair. Help us to fix them and a candidate that is able to do that will have the best chance.They're three dates I say all the time in a presidential year, Memorial Day, what gas prices are, the Fourth of July what food prices are. And early August when schools across the country, we start late here in New York, but the south where I'm from in the Midwest where kids are starting in early August, The back to school prices for kids.This is a big, big -- those three moments and then obviously, you have to - - after Labor Day, the thing gets really going here. You got to get focused on this faster and I hope you reverse your decision with Super Bowl. I want to see you before the Super Bowl. Mr. President, I want to tell -- I want you to tell me again why you should be president again.GUTFELD: Judge, the Dems, as you saw in that montage kept talking about this robust economy, but the Americans, the American people don't feel it and they're actually like going, what's wrong with you people? Why don't you notice this?PIRRO: Yes, you know, Kristen Welker in particular, she's truly shocked by this stunning Biden Trump poll. You know why? They live in their own world of Trump derangement. They live in a world where they hate Trump so much, they're not listening to regular Americans, whether it's in a barber shop and I was so impressed with that.Or whether it's in a supermarket but something is happening in America today. Something is happening when you've got immigration as the number one issue and you've got Trump beating Biden by 30 points, when Biden has the opportunity to formulate policy on that very issue.You got Americans now who are angry, they remember what President Trump tried to do. They remember the beatdown by the Democrats on the wall and every other issue of racism, and the xenophobic and all this other stuff. And they're like, wait a minute.And when it comes to the blacks in particular, because I'm answering you, when it comes to blacks in particular, I didn't turn around and look at you for that one.When it comes to blacks in particular, I said, when he went from 85 to 62 percent, a drop of 25 percent in black voters support for Biden, I thought a lot of that had to do with the fact that, you know, here's Donald Trump, this guy is getting prosecuted like we are.But the bigger thing now is immigration and how that intersects. Because immigration is now affecting black Americans and minorities in this country, where they are watching in real time their school programs, schools, sports centers, gyms, all these places where black parents or black mothers in particular have an opportunity to send their kids after school to school programs to keep them out of the gangs, to keep them away from selling drugs, to keep them occupied are being taken away from them.They are Americans. And they're being given to illegals about whom we know nothing, who can beat down a police officers and then get bailed immediately and let out and run to another state? That doesn't happen to African Americans in this country. But it's happening to illegals. And you know what, that's going to blossom at the top of the highest race in this country.GUTFELD: It is interesting, Dana, the way the Judge lays it out, it almost sounds like migrants are getting reparations. Wait a second, how did you get in front of us?PERINO: Preparation.GUTFELD: Preparation.PERINO: Before you are a citizen even, you get all of these benefits. A couple of things from me. Biden ran a basement campaign in 2020. They would love to reprise that, that's part of the not doing the Super Bowl interview.Because to me, for them, the risk is too great. Because the number one issue and are one of the issues in the poll from NBC News was competency and age. And as my friend Colin Reed says, father time is undefeated. And that is one of his biggest problems.So, I actually personally I'm OK with the Super Bowl tradition going away for president. Like, enough, like, maybe we can all just take a pass on that and it would be fine. But it is interesting that they'll pass it up. But I think it's because the risk is too great.I also wanted to point out that do you remember last May, ABC News had a poll that had Biden and Trump about at this polling level, and ABC News tried to disavow their own poll and said this is an outlier. This isn't happening. This is actually real.And the stories about black men, they're proliferating. The Washington Post had one about all the economic issues.Plus, the other thing that they didn't capture, aside from black men, it's the high credit card debt, impossible to buy a home, hard to get child care. Cars are still expensive, but car insurance is also extremely expensive. House insurance is very expensive. Everything is up and that's why if the stock market is up, that's great for a lot of people. Jobs also may be good, but it's going to take a while for people to feel a lot better about the economy.GUTFELD: Maybe Trump should do Halftime at the Puppy Bowl.WATTERS: The Puppy Bowl?GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: How does that go?GUTFELD: They have halftime and he does a Q&A with the -- with the dog whisperer.PIRRO: Oh, Puppy.GUTFELD: Puppy Bowl. You don't know the Puppy Bowl?WATTERS: No, we watch the real game.GUTFELD: Puppy Bowl is better than the Super Bowl. Come on, people. You know I'm right.All right. Up next, Kamala rolling up her pants suit for a 2028 presidential campaign.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Yes, it is the 5th Dimension. It looks like we have a very big fan in the White House. Aids to Vice President revealing that Kamala Harris watches THE FIVE. But apparently, our criticism gets in her head and causes "high anxiety." So, Kamala, if you're watching, and we know you are, have you ever considered that maybe the problem is not us?Voters were asked to rate their feelings toward Harris and it's brutal. Only 28 percent felt good about Kamala, and amazingly 10 percent feel quote very positive. But Kamala insists that the people love her --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The people who know my work are incredibly supportive, understanding that the work I do now as vice president is -- the foundation of that work is years and years of working on issues, so I feel good about it.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, Harold, I got to tell you --FORD JR.: We're going with the black thing again?PIRRO: No. No. When she says that people who know my work are incredibly supportive, just like Joe Biden, shouldn't she be ready to say this is what I've done, this is what I've done? People who know my work are incredibly support -- don't waste time. Tell us what you've done. What has she done?FORD JR.: Well, I think she's part of an administration. Look, there are things that -- I'm not -- I can tick off those things and --PIRRO: You can or cannot.FORD JR.: I can. I mean, the economy is performing like --PIRRO: She's doing it?FORD JR.: The jobs are down. And -- but she's part of this administration. Now, I do think -- I've said many times on the show, I think it would behoove the President and the Vice President -- probably the Vice President a little bit more because this has been a part of her portfolio to get down to the border. In fact, if I were the President and the Vice President, I would give a lot of consideration to holding a press conference at the border in the next few days, in the evening --PIRRO: She wouldn't even go there.FORD JR.: -- in the evening and say look, we're going to reverse the Remain in Mexico policy back to where it was before, we're going to reverse the Catch and Release policy, and we're going to ask -- we're asking every American --PIRRO: But she's not doing that. So, are you criticizing her for not doing it?FORD JR.: Well, I'm me giving advice. Now, you already went to the blocks thing. Can I at least say my answer here before we end?GUTFELD: And she's watching.FORD JR.: So -- and then lay out and ask every American to ask their senator and congressman why they won't allow a vote to come to the floor in the House of the Senate on this on -- this border security package. I can live with people voting up or down, but what it's hard to live with is when politicians tell the American people we believe there should be no vote on the matter whether the Democrats or the Republicans.We around this table have said ballot access for Dean Phillips and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. I've said it. They should be on ballots. And the same is true with Congress. Let the bill come to a vote. Don't call it dead on arrival. Let Republicans and Democrats go back to their voters and explain why they voted for or why they voted against the bill that will help make our border more secure. That's what I'd be doing if I were --PIRRO: Dana, the LA Times says that Kamala has her groove back.PERINO: I thought that article was over the top and gross because it's never about here, look at this amazing thing that she did, she helped -- like, imagine if Biden had said I want you to be on the Hill every day as a former senator and I want you to be helping negotiate this border bill. That didn't happen. So, I understand that she's going around talking about abortion and the -- maybe that works for them. But the reason that we talked about her initially on the five and maybe when she was watching then, was we would try to give her really good advice.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Like, we were just giving -- I was -- I thought that I gave her excellent advice. It was to totally ignored. The thing that she is getting prosecuted for now is something that happened when she was a prosecutor. So, Prop 47 is possibly going to re be repealed. It has an 89 percent approval for repeal. That was a bill that basically allowed for like the retail thefts for example. And the -- if they can get enough signatures, that will be on the ballot this fall, that is something that happened when she was A.G. of California. That was like in that era.So, I'm not exactly sure where the L.A. Times thought that they would write this piece, although it was interesting for like once it wasn't an inside D.C. publication because they've been hoodwinked too many times with that story and all of the makeovers that she's gone through.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, she's talking about setting the stage for 2028.PERINO: Oh, yes, that's true.WATTERS: Setting what stage?PIRRO: For presidential.WATTERS: No, really? Very funny. Not if Gavin has anything to say about it. Judge, did you ever wish you hadn't learned something?PIRRO: No.WATTERS: I wish I hadn't learned she watch.PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: Because now, because I have so much humanity, I feel bad demonizing her.PIRRO: Oh.WATTERS: I ooze humanity.GUTFELD: You do.WATTERS: You ooze it or lose it. So, I lose it so much that now I feel bad for demonizing her. But I will say if she's anxious when she watches the show, the way to heal anxiety is to confront your fears. So, she should one day sit between Jesse and Jeanine and experience what that's like. That's the only way she can get through this.PERINO: I'd be happy to be around and say --PIRRO: We'll help her out. Go ahead, Greg.FORD JR.: Put her three days a week.GUTFELD: It should be on your lap, Harold. That's what he said.PIRRO: Oh.GUTFELD: No, she watches THE FIVE because everybody watches THE FIVE. We're essentially like the Vanderpump Rules for people who weren't dropped as children, right? I maintain that Fox News is bravo for people who can change at tire. Does that sense?WATTERS: I like it.GUTFELD: But I'll tell you what. I understand the charm of this show. Kamala watches THE FIVE for obvious reasons. She digs me. Men come to Dana for their high school crush, right? Viewers come to the judge for your no- nonsense perspective. Everyone comes to Harold for his you know gentle and reason persuasion. Others come to Jesse hoping that he's dead.But the majority, let's be honest, they come from my animal magnetism, my unbridled masculine heat that emanates from every pore of my body, so I don't blame her for watching. And I want her to reach out and contact me. We can get together. I can help you. You know, we all mean well, right? You know --WATTERS: You ooze masculinity.GUTFELD: I ooze masculinity.PERINO: Maybe she just loves Animals Are Great.GUTFELD: That might be it. That might be it. This is the best show to drink to by the way, so that could be it.PIRRO: Yes. Everybody says.GUTFELD: And she's not watching The View which if The View were in pill form, it would be banned for what it does to your brain.PIRRO: Yes. All right, and coming up, a liberal education fail in California. Students' scores plummet after spending thousands -- hundreds of thousands on woke kindergarten.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Students at a California elementary school are worse off two years after their school spent a staggering quarter of a million dollars in federal funds on a woke kindergarten program. And according to the San Fran Chronicle, the school's academic performance actually fell after hiring them.Your honor?PIRRO: What?FORD JR.: You got to get a kick out of this. I mean, this is -- they spent a - I mean, they were trying to confront white supremacy. Some people said they spent they I guess a quarter million dollars. Was that too much? Too little? It was a result of the money?PIRRO: Well, here's the thing. The founder of this whole concept which was to train teachers to confront white supremacy and racism in kindergarten said the ideal world is a world that is "free of the U.S. empire." That's when I said and now makes sense, 88 percent of the -- 88 percent of them are not a grade-level English, OK. These are kids in California. 96 percent are not proficient in math at their grade levels.And they're talking about white supremacist, anti-police, anti-Israel, anti-capital.PERINO: Yes.FORD JR.: Primetime?WATTERS: Son, what did you learn about in school today? Dad, I learned about crackers. What do you mean, Saltines? No, George Washington was a cracker. Could you learn how to spell anything in school today? Yes, KKK, dad. I'd call that principal right now, Harold Ford Jr.FORD JR.: What if he learned how to spell cracker?WATTERS: Did you know they used to say last year that they're not teaching CRT in school?PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: Fact check incorrect. They're teaching it in kindergarten, Harold.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: Well, that's what I was going to say is that a lot of these crazy woke education stories make some people think, wow, Conservatives sure are crazy, these conspiracy theorists sure are crazy. This is in the San Francisco Chronicle which is like the Liberal paper of record for the area. And then all of a sudden you're like, wow, this is actually real. It is really happening. And that's important for parents to know. It is a crime that 96 percent can't do math. And how much did you say on reading?PIRRO: 88 percent.PERINO: 88 percent, right, so like don't come to me with your free college nonsense until you can get kids' reading at grade level K through 12.GUTFELD: Yes, I mean, it is a big issue. There is so much white supremacy in kindergarten. It's the invisible, invisible scores. But is white supremacy learning? Is it math? Is it grammar? I mean, what is white supremacy in school? Their scores were terrible and they spent this money on a program that lowered the scores more, but attendance went up.PIRRO: That's right.GUTFELD: So, the more they went, the dumber they got. You think that would tell you something? Now, if you thought high scores were vital in these core subjects, you would be wrong, right? That would be a huge failure. This is their definition of success in the prison of equity. Because in the prison of equity, success is a marker of white privilege. So, you can't use success or achievement as a metric, right?Everybody must be the same. But that's impossible when individual differences exist. So, you get -- because an individual difference would mean a higher grade. So, if everyone sucks, you achieve the goal of uniform outcome, which is equity. The trick or the problem of equity is that it looks as people as products, right? There has to be a fairness in these products. It's like, you know, a pie, we have to slice it in five different ways.Individuals are not products. The potential for individual achievement is different and cannot be divided up equally. You cannot have five opportunities for, you can have five opportunities for -- you can have five opportunities for achievement. You can't have equal outcomes. And this is what happens, but they don't care. They're sacrificing the individual outcome as long as everybody is equally bad.That's why I said as a joke, what is white supremacy? Is it learning? Is it math? Is it reading? Because that's what they're saying.FORD JR.: Hopefully, they learn how to spell supremacy. Ahead, country star Luke Combs shutting down critics rightly so after teaming up for a historic and wonderful performance with Tracy Chapman.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Country superstar Luke Combs and Tracy Chapman sticking it to the woke mob who smeared Combs as a racist for his cover of Chapman's Fast Car.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)Luke Combs Perming Fast Car with Tracy Chapman.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I'm going to start with you, Harold.FORD JR.: You know, when we covered this story a while back --PIRRO: I was going to give you credit.FORD JR.: And I'll still let you do that. But the universal language of music never ceases to amaze or disappoint. In fact, it inspires me over time. It was the best part of the Grammys last night. And I think part of the criticism from before was that this was wrong for him to do this and that it was going to be -- it was not right to her. I mean, this is going to be right on every level for her.I mean, the song is such a great song. She's a musician and artist. And she's going to make a few bucks along the way. So, I was so happy to see it last night.WATTERS: You love the song, Dana.PERINO: I have always loved the song. And it was mostly white liberals who were complaining that he was a racist. But the person who never was negative about it was Tracy Chapman. She loved it that her song was popular again for another generation to enjoy. And I hope they release that together.WATTERS: Jeanine, you look like you're chomping at the bed.PIRRO: No, I wanted to give Harold credit because when we talked about this, when the Liberals went crazy because Luke Combs decided to record the song, Harold said it would be great if they sang it together, which was brilliant. And that's what they did. And it's just what America needed.We need that. We need to bring it, whether it's the generations or the colors or whatever, just bring America together.WATTERS: Well, America needs to hear from the person on THE FIVE with the worst taste in music, Greg.GUTFELD: I don't know, man. Do you know how many people die from speeding cars? I mean, 70,000 people die from vehicular accident. It's mostly caused by speeding. And to glorify it with a song, I mean, I guess you guys think it's funny, but I don't know.You know what it is? It's a great reminder that everything in social media is not real. The conflict surrounding this was enjoyable to talk about, but it wasn't real. I doubt that conflict ever even reached Tracy Chapman. I don't -- it just doesn't seem like somebody who's glued to X or Facebook or TikTok or even cable news. You know, when people live healthy lives outside this world that we are in, none of this stuff bothers. She probably just said, hey, this sounds like a great idea. This controversy never got near her.FORD JR.: This is the first song he learned how to play.GUTFELD: Yes, it's true.PIRRO: Unbelievable, right?FORD JR.: Unbelievable story.WATTERS: Assure the audience that you can still live a healthy life and watch cable news. Please tell them.PERINO: Absolutely 100 percent.GUTFELD: Well --WATTERS: Please tell them. Please tell them.GUTFELD: Results vary.WATTERS: OK.GUTFELD: It may cause --WATTERS: You can be very healthy and watch THE FIVE. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Time number "ONE MORE THING." Jesse.WATTERS: Fox Corp Executive Chair and CEO Lachlan Murdoch, Fox News Media CEO Suzanne Scott, and Fox News Media President Jay Wallace traveled to Israel last week to meet with the network's journalists who've been working tirelessly since the start of the Israel-Hamas war. They visited a border crossing near the Gaza Strip, met with IDF officials, and finally went to a kibbutz that was devastated by Hamas terrorists.Lachlan Murdoch saying he "appreciated the opportunity to visit our Fox Jerusalem Bureau to see firsthand the amazing job they're doing covering the war from the front lines. It was also incredibly moving to tour some of the areas that suffered such devastation from the October 7th attacks. And one IDF soldier they visited with has a special message for THE FIVE.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a very special shout-out to Greg Garfield in THE FIVE. We love you all very much. Thanks for supporting Israel. This is a blessing from the IDF. Please come and visit us anytime. It is safe here. And when you come, you're always welcome to each and every home. Shalom. Shalom. Love you.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: That's beautiful.WATTERS: Shalom, Greg.PERINO: Wow. Shalom. Shalom.GUTFELD: There you go.PERINO: All right. I want to bring you this story. Bob Beckwith, you might recognize him from this photograph. He was the New York City firefighter who stood at President George W. Bush's side at Ground Zero in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 and that bullhorn moment. He has lost his life. He was 91 years old. He died over the weekend. He was 30 years with the FDNY and an amazing human that really brought inspiration to a lot of people. So, we send our best wishes to him and his family.Also, new episode of the podcast, Perino On Politics with Jessica Anderson drop today. Greg?GUTFELD: All right. So, Kamala, what are you doing tonight? You know what's on at 10:00? My show. We could watch it together. You know where I live. Mollie Hemingway, Rob Long, Kat Timpf, Tom Shillue. It's going to be great. You bring the Chablis, I'll bring the roses.WATTERS: Oh, stop.PERINO: It's going to be a great night. Judge, you have 10 minutes -- 10 seconds in your --PIRRO: Yes, a California guy lays out his clothes the night before he goes to work. And he comes out of his shower the next morning to put some on. They keep disappearing at 6:00.PERINO: Stay tuned for more.That's it for us. Hey, Bret!