SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: John, great to be with you, thanks so much for joining us. I'm Sandra Smith.JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good to be with you as well. Set your DVR and never miss an episode of AMERICA REPORTS. I'm John Roberts. "THE STORY" with Martha starts right now.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you very much, you guys! Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum and THE STORY is here in New Hampshire on the eve of the first in the nation primary. My interview is straight from the campaign trail with the final two, Donald Trump and Nikki Haley. All of that is coming up.And we're also going to hear from the people who make it happen, the voters. We will speak with some of those crucial undecideds. One day left for them to make up their minds. So, we'll see what they are thinking from my stop at the bookery, which is a great place to talk to voters here in Manchester, New Hampshire, New Hampshire, she said. So, Senator Tim Scott's also here today. We're going to ask him about his endorsement of President Trump.And also, is he on the short list for V.P. as well? Also, he just got engaged, so there's a lot to talk to Senator Scott about. But first, let's bring in Bret Baier, Fox News Chief Political Anchor, Executive Editor and Anchor of "SPECIAL REPORT". Bret, good to see you this afternoon.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, good to see you.MACCALLUM: So, one day to go. You've been out on the campaign trail a lot. What have you been picking up out there?BAIER: How's the view? Listen, New Hampshire takes it seriously, just like Iowa. All these folks really dig in. They're politically savvy. They like to hear from each candidate. There are a lot of undecideds, believe it or not. And now, they have two choices. So, they are in the final, final moments here. I think, you know, the former president sounds very confident. His rallies have been well attended. He has the, you know, the pitch down. And Nikki Haley has a lot of stops of retail politics with a governor who's very active, and I talked to today at the Red Arrow Diner for a while, and he seems very confident that she's going to over perform the polling going into today.MACCALLUM: Yes, I know you were at the Red Arrow. It's one of the most famous stops. I think we're waiting for some sound there. You guys let me know if we have that, but -- I'm sorry we do? OK. The Suffolk poll, which is the most recent 57 percent Trump, 38 percent Haley. But as you point out, the largest block of voters in the state are independent voters. They are bigger than Republicans or Democrats, and many of them haven't made up their minds yet.BAIER: Yes, and it's been confusing because the former president's been talking about Democrats a lot, and obviously here, like other states, you have to change your party months before. So, it was October that you had to change if you were a registered Democrat. But a large portion of the voters here are what's called undeclared and they, you know, can play in this primary even though they have voted Democratic before.MACCALLUM: You know, one of the things that the Wall Street Journal is writing about is looking ahead. And there is this, you know, Steve Daines, the senator who runs all of the Senate races, oversees that part of the process for his party, says everyone needs to get in line. Everyone needs to support the former president, and the Wall Street Journal editorial board, looking at him as the choice, says this: "Republicans are favored to win a Senate majority, albeit narrowly, but the House is up for grabs and could easily go Democratic.If the first term is a guide, Democrats will oppose anything Mr. Trump proposes that isn't one of their priorities. Mr. Trump could use executive power, but if Democrats control either House or Congress, conservative legislative priorities would be dead on arrival." So, right now, it's all about the primary, obviously, but they're kind of looking ahead to how effective he could be on Capitol Hill and in the White House with just a four-year term.BAIER: So, the Trump people say this is going to come with a lot of Senate and House seats. They believe there will be momentum and that their win could be big over President Biden. The Nikki Haley people say, including Governor Sununu, that the history shows the House and Senate has not gone Donald Trump's way in the past in recent years, and that that's part of the problem. So, I think that that's some of the battle, that you're already starting to talk about general election here, and that's part of her closing pitch. He's saying you got to stick with the horse that got you here.MACCALLUM: Yes, you know, I saw Governor Sununu and Nikki Haley at an event this morning, they talk a lot about how they believe that the former president cannot win the general election. And it hasn't really, I don't know that that has really cut through to voters as an issue that they're struggling with. It certainly didn't feel that way at the Trump rally last night that I attended.BAIER: No, in part because President Biden is so weak on approval on a number of different issues and there's a real confidence that anybody can beat him. Former President Trump has been solidified, believe it or not, by some of these indictments that brought people back home on the Republican Party.MACCALLUM: Yes, we certainly hear that from a lot of voters out there. They say we're here to support him, we want to stand by him, they think he's been wronged. It's a big theme, definitely, when you're in the Trump venues on the campaign trail. Bret, thank you very much.BAIER: You bet.MACCALLUM: See you tonight. Look forward to "SPECIAL REPORT" at 6:00 p.m. and our coverage tomorrow night will be from 10:00 to midnight as we watch all of these results come in.Still ahead this hour, my interview with the frontrunner and former president Donald Trump. I spoke with him last night in Rochester, New Hampshire at the Opera House, a very interesting venue and historic one that we went to last night. Also, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, who is now joining him here in New Hampshire on the campaign trail, big event coming up tonight for them. We're also going to hear from New Hampshire primary voters on the Republican candidate that they believe can beat President Biden in a general election matchup. All of that, big show on the story today straight ahead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Good morning everybody. We're here at the Bookery in New Hampshire. We're about to go in and talk to some voters. It's an absolutely beautiful day here. I hope it stays like this all the way through the election because everyone in New Hampshire wants a lot of people to be able to get out to vote. But one of the best things about being on the ground is that you can talk to voters, you can hear what's on their mind, and that's what we're about to do. Come on in.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, Fox can now confirm that Donald Trump, the former president and front runner in the race in New Hampshire, is expected to be joined by former rivals, Senator Tim Scott, Vivek Ramaswamy, and Governor Doug Burgum at a rally here in New Hampshire tonight, as Republicans rally behind the former president. We're going to speak with Senator Scott in just a moment. We also caught up with voters before Governor DeSantis dropped out of the race about the prospect of a Trump-Biden rematch. And here's what they said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELISSA BLASEK, NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER: I mean, in New Hampshire, you have a lot of, you have sort of, you know, you're moderate Republicans, right? So, DeSantis and Trump in a lot of ways have sort of been in the same lane of voters kind of going after the more conservative further to the right voters and that sort of left a vacuum for Haley to fill and she has really filled that sort of moderate independent vote but I don't see that moving forward as being anything that could topple Trump either I think that you know should at some point hypothetically DeSantis drop out, his voters are not going to Nikki Haley. So, I don't really see there being a lot of difference or a lot of path for her after New Hampshire.MACCALLUM: How many of you think that this will be a Trump nomination, whether regardless of whether or not you support him?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have serious doubts that Trump would be able to pull out a victory against Biden, especially considering that there are so many unknowns between now and the fall 2020 election. With Donald Trump's court cases he could very well be a convicted felon at that point.BLASEK: He has a 38 percent approval rating in New Hampshire currently but he's still beating Trump. To me, that's an indictment of how politically toxic Trump is. I'm very involved in state level elections. This state is a purple state and we have struggled down ballots since 2016. The voters, the independent voters, think that he is toxic.MACCALLUM: You voted for Trump last time around.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I did.MACCALLUM: And now you're supporting Haley.TONY MAYFIELD, NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER: I am supporting Haley. For the first time in my life I've become a one issue voter and that's what's happening overseas, and I think we need to barrel down and become the America we were in the 1980s and the America we are today. The idea of isolationism, it's a dead idea, and it should have been a dead idea at the end of the Cold War. But for some reason, we brought it back and it's been to our own detriment. I would like to see someone who is a little bit more moderate.MACCALLUM: You think there's any chance that Trump would pick Nikki Haley or that she would say yes?MAYFIELD: I would like to think so. And I would be pretty positive she'd say yes. It would still be a month or two down the road before that decision is made. I think it'd be a lot of dealing by then.MACCALLUM: Thomas, what do you think, Thomas?THOMAS LUNDSTEDT, NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER: The choice for vice president has become even more important as politics have progressed. I mean, now, we have two candidates who are likely to be the nominees who are over 80 years old. So, you really have to look forward, be forward thinking when you're talking about who you're going to vote for president when thinking about their V.P. pick. What would make me consider a Trump vote might be the congresswoman from New York, Stefanik. I think she has a moderate record, which would be important for building political capital, because that's all it is.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK, with that, we bring in former GOP presidential candidate and South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, whose name has also been floated on some lists as a potential V.P. pick. Senators, good to have you with us. Thank you for joining us today.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Thank you. Absolutely, good to be with you. Thank you.MACCALLUM: Thank you. So, you are already in New Hampshire and you're going to stay here through Tuesday. You're going to be with former President Trump that whole time on the campaign trail?SCOTT: Well, I'll be there tonight. We certainly will have a rally tonight where we'll have some of the former presidential candidates will come together with strong support behind President Trump. We need four more years of common sense. We need four more years of tax cuts, and we need four more years of actual world peace that we had when President Trump was our commander in chief.MACCALLUM: How hard of a decision was it for you? Obviously, Governor Haley at the time appointed you to the Senate. I know you say that you went back and forth with text messages with her. Here she is responding to it after your endorsement of Trump. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Tim Scott yesterday endorsing Donald Trump --NIKKI HALEY, REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I mean, I think the main thing when we look at this is first of all, was I disappointed? Of course, I was disappointed. He's got to live with that decision. I don't have to live with that decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: She said, you're going to have to live with that decision, Senator. What do you say to that?SCOTT: Well, I made the decision not based on what was in my best interest, not based on what was Nikki's best interest, or even what was in the best interest of Donald Trump. My decision to endorse Donald Trump was what is in the best interests of America's future. And the more I thought about that, I came to really two conclusions. One was to stay on the sidelines, and the other was endorsed Donald Trump.I did so for three very specific reasons. Number one, what I fought for opportunity zones to bring more resources to the poorest Americans, Donald Trump said, yes.When I cut taxes and wrote the personal side of the tax code, lowering a single mother's taxes by 70 percent, the president, Donald Trump said yes. While I looked around the world in the Middle East, in Eastern Europe, and in the Indo Pacific, we had peace, peace, and peace stability, why? President Trump brought stability, because he understood peace through strength. That's missing.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Well, let me ask you.SCOTT: We need four more years of that. Sure.MACCALLUM: Is do you, you know, you've been discussed as a potential V.P. Have you talked to him about that? And have you, you know, said you'd like to -- your name to be on that list?SCOTT: I have not. The only thing I said to the president that night that I told him I was going to endorse him, which was just less than seven days ago, was the only thing I asked for -- I'm not asking for a job, I've got a great one. I'm not asking to be in your Cabinet. The only thing I'm asking for is what I need access for the American people. And we're fighting for the issues. Let's do that together.He said 100 percent. He's done it with me before, we've been a good team. I look forward to doing it again.MACCALLUM: OK. It -- congratulations on your engagement to Mindy Noce.SCOTT: Thank you.MACCALLUM: You posted a picture of you down on one knee.SCOTT: Yes.MACCALLUM: You know, tell us, you know how you feel about getting married and when are you going to get married?SCOTT: Listen, two weeks before Christmas, I went to her parents and asked for their permission. And that started the process. I knew I wanted to do it in mid-January. I'm really excited. That date? We'll surprise you with the date. I'm sure that we'll get some coverage on that one.But I am so thankful to have found my proverbs 1822 and Proverbs 31 woman.MACCALLUM: Well, congratulations, Senator. We wish you both all the happiness in the world. And we look forward to seeing you out on the campaign trail here in New Hampshire. Thank you, Senator. We'll speak with you soon.SCOTT: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Congratulations.So, out there on the trail in New Hampshire. Speaking of that, I caught up with both candidates. There is only two left. It's kind of hard to say that at this point, because we had so many to begin with, but it is now a two- person Republican primary race. I'll show you those interviews with each of them coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, as we said earlier, and this is an interesting tidbit about New Hampshire. Undeclared voters are the largest voting bloc in this state. And new polling shows that among those undeclared registered voters, this is how it shapes up in that category.You've seen the Republican numbers where the former president is way ahead by about 20 points in most of the polling roughly. But this is that third category, which is a big one, and it shows them 10 points apart with that group.So, in separate polling, has her up nearly 50 points among moderate voters here. Haley says it this proves that she can beat Biden in the general election. I caught up with her earlier today. And now, that there is as she puts it, one fella and one lady left in this race, here is what she had to say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MACCALLUM: Do you feel like that message is not connecting in terms of what might happen in the general election? Because Trump seems to feel like he's got this primary sewn up, and he's on to the general.HALEY: I mean, look, Trump says things that doesn't make it true. I look at the actions of it. Hundreds of people at every one of our events, 1,200 people last night, hundreds today. They are saying they want something different. And they don't care about any poll they see.They know that they have a chance to change the direction of our country tomorrow. And I think you're going to see them show up and do that.MACCALLUM: So, you've kind of sharpened some of your attacks on him in recent days, going after his age. Do you wish that you had done that sooner?HALEY: No, because they were other people in the race. You know, we started with 13 or 14 people in the race. My job was to get one out at a time. And now we're down to two. And so, now I'm showing the contrast between me and Trump.And it's the fact that, look, he spent trillions of dollars in debt, putting us in debt, and our kids are never going to forgive us for it. We look at the fact that he's continuing to talk about things in the past and vendettas. We need someone with a vision for the future. This is not personal for me. I don't dislike him. This is about the fact that I don't want my kids to live like this. We can't continue to have this division. We can't continue to be distracted. We can't continue to have this chaotic feeling around us. We've got to get this done.And you know, I'm listening to the political class and the media class. They are OK with the chaos. Average, Americans are not OK with the chaos.They want results. They're tired of working for government. They want government to serve them. And they're worried about their families and their kids' future.MACCALLUM: So, you said you don't necessarily have a base. Do you think that's a good thing or a bad thing politically for you?HALEY: I have a base. I don't have a --(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: You said that in an interview. You said I don't have a base necessarily. I want everyone.HALEY: Well, no, that means I'm not trying to just pick a certain segment of the population I want. I want conservative Republicans, I want moderate Republicans, I want independents, I want conservative Democrats.This should be a story about addition. The problem that we're seeing in politics now is they are trying to decide who they want. You should want the majority of Americans.If Republicans have lost the last seven out of eight popular votes for president, we should not be proud of that. We should be saying, we want more people in, not push people out. That's not how you win elections.And at the end of the day, you do results and policy. It's no drama with me. There is no personal feelings with me.This is about the fact that we have a country to save. I have a husband serving overseas. I've got a daughter who just got married and I saw how hard it was for them to buy a home. We need to start making sure that we get the economy back on track. We get education back to the basics. We secure our border with no more excuses. We bring law and order back to our country and that we provide out wars and start putting our enemies on their heels. That's what I want for America.MACCALLUM: So, one of the things that is talked about a lot right now in New Hampshire is the registered unaffiliated voter category. So, in that category, not registered Democrats, as we've heard on the trail as well, but that category, you have about 50 percent in the polls, and Trump has around 30 to 40.Can you win with that margin if he's getting that chunk of those registered unaffiliated voters?HALEY: You know, it's amazing. You look at the fact, we are seeing suburban women come back to us, we are seeing college -- young college kids come back into the fold with us, because they want to see somebody who is going to be a new voice, a fresh voice, a fighter for them. That's what we care about. That's what we've always cared about as normal people.We don't care about the political class, we don't care about those that are, you know, trying to fight for the power of stuff. We want to just get normal people and we want it to be in a way that they feel safe, and they feel comfortable, and they feel like someone's fighting for them.And I think that's what's missing in America right now. I mean, you got to -- you got Trump and Biden don't overlook the fact 70 parent of Americans say they don't want to Trump-Biden rematch.The majority of Americans disapprove of Trump and disapprove of Biden. That's not what you want as a leader in the country. You want someone where people are going to feel hopeful again.And when they know that you're going to have a fighter and a worker -- I have campaigned here for almost a year now. Touching every hand, shaking -- answering every question being the last person to leave. I don't fly in here and do a rally and leave.And I can tell you going into South Carolina, for those that say, oh, this is more of a independent state, how she going to win South Carolina? I want it twice. I was a tea party governor. I know what it takes to listen to people, to fight for people, to earn their support. I do it the hard way, because that's what people expect.MACCALLUM: So, do you expect to win tomorrow night.HALEY: I've always been consistent on this. I wanted to be strong in Iowa. We started with two percent, we finished with 20%. I want to be even stronger in New Hampshire. And then I want to be stronger than that in South Carolina.This is a marathon, it's not a sprint. And you've got really the political and media elite saying, everybody needs to coalesce around Donald Trump. He literally got 56,000 votes out of a state of 3 million. That's it.We don't believe in coronations in this country. We believe in democracy. I'm in this for the long haul.MACCALLUM: Last question. You said that people don't want a Trump-Biden matchup. If that's what it turns out to be, would you consider running independently?HALEY: I've always said, I'm not going to do that. I mean, I am a Republican, I'm running in a Republican primary, and I'm going to win in a Republican primary. I don't need to think about running as an independent.This is about our country. This is about getting our party to realize this as a story of addition, not subtraction. And this is about what I can do that it's going to make my kids proud, that's going to make Americans proud. And it's going to be strong again, we got to do that. I strongly believe in that. And I will spend every day proving to the people of this country that they made a good decision.MACCALLUM: You know, last question. Obviously, it gets sharp in the final days. Do you ever see yourself in a Trump administration, if it were to come to that? Or is that something you've absolutely closed the door on?HALEY: Martha, I'm running to win this race. And as much as everybody wants to talk about what I'm going to do. At some point, you all are going to realize that I won this race. And you're going to have to accept when I say I told you, so.It is slow and steady -- wins the race. I've done this the entire time. We're going to finish it. I don't want anything else. I don't want anything else. I'm running to be president. I'm not going to pull out because somebody wants to be coordinated. I'm not going to pull out because they think that I shouldn't be there.The political class has never thought I should be here. In South Carolina, in Congress at the U.N., no one has ever thought I should be here. And that's exactly why I should be here. Because I'm fighting for normal people, and I'll always do that.MACCALLUM: Well, having covered New Hampshire for many years, I can say that there are always a lot of surprises in New Hampshire and all along the presidential roads. So, thank you very much for talking with us this morning.And we watch with great interest to see how it all unfolds tomorrow.HALEY: Thanks --MACCALLUM: Thank you very much, Governor. Good to be with you.HALEY: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Thank you.HALEY: Thanks so much.MACCALLUM: Good to talk to you, as always. Thank you. Thanks for your time.(END VIDEOTAPE)MACCALLUM: All right. So, with me here on set is retired Army Brigadier General Don Bolduc, chair of Haley's New Hampshire campaign. He ran for Senate here in 2022. General, thank you very much. It's nice to have you here.BRIG. GEN. DON BOLDUC (RET), CHAIR, NIKKI HALEY'S NEW HAMPSHIRE CAMPAIN: It's an honor to be here. Thank you.MACCALLUM: Thank you. So, you know -- you know how tough it is to go through this process. You were endorsed by former President Trump and we're of staunch supporter of his that you ran against a sort of more establishment candidate here. And you know, President Trump back to you. So, why did you turn on him and back Nikki Haley in New Hampshire here.BOLDUC: Well, for me, and my wife, it was quite simple. Nikki Haley came here four times to support my campaign. And within that time, I not only got to know her as a person, but we became friends. And before my election even took place, I told her that if she considers running for president that I want to be her first endorsement. And that's exactly what happened. She called me up. My wife and I were all in. And we've been all in ever since.Because I have learned a lot of lessons, and the biggest, I think strength that Nikki has is her ability to unify. She's after the voters. She's not after political parties. Right now that's what's wrong with America. The political parties are deciding who the candidate should be. And right now, with a Biden Trump matchup, we got two sides of the same coin. Divisiveness, we have drama, we have investigations, we have two people that pull people apart, not pull people together. And that's what we need. We need someone that can do that.And more importantly, has the experience. Think about what she did in the United Nations. Even Donald Trump was in awe of her strength in the United Nations. She took the kick me sign off of us, she put China Russia, North Korea, Iran in line, she dealt with 193 countries every single day. And she did it with strength, she did it with dignity. And nobody dreamed of attacking anybody while Nikki Haley was the UN ambassador.Look what she did as governor, as executive. She led that state, from very hard economic times into prosperous times. She fought in the legislature hard for the people that she represented, and she will do the same. She's a public servant, not a politician. And she's not part of the establishment. All of these endorsements coming to Donald Trump right now are indicative of he is now part of the swamp. He's going to hold the --MACCALLUM: They've been putting that criticism at each other over the establishment. So it's going to be very interesting. We'll see what happens tomorrow, general. Thank you very much for joining me today. It's great to have you.BOLDUC: Well, it's an honor to be here. And thank you so much for what you do.MACCALLUM: 10 tours in Afghanistan, and thank you for your service to this country.BOLDUC: Well, I want to thank all the service members out there that do it every day for us. Thank you.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much, sir. Good to have you with us.So coming up, my campaign trail interview from last night with former President Trump, that is next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Do you think Biden will drop out?DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Personally, I think so.MACCALLUM: OK.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Donald Trump and Nikki Haley both hoping for a campaign defining victory tomorrow in the state's Republican primary. Last night we went up to Rochester, New Hampshire and we spoke with former President Trump right before he was about to do a rally there. And after the news broke that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis was exiting the race, and we got his quick reaction to that big news.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MACCALLUM: President Trump, good to be with you tonight here in Rochester at the Opera House in New Hampshire. Obviously very big news today, Governor Ron DeSantis dropped out of the race. What's your reaction?TRUMP: Well, look, he worked very hard. It's a tough go. And he worked hard. His wife is a terrific woman. They both work very hard, and he endorsed me in dropping out. He endorsed me. So I appreciate that very much. And I think we'll do very well. I think we were headed to a very big victory on Tuesday, just like in Iowa. And I think maybe now it even gets to be bigger, because most of those people are going to go with me, I suspect.MACCALLUM: So he was supposed to come here to New Hampshire tonight, but he stayed in Florida. Did you speak with him?TRUMP: No, I didn't. I didn't. Somebody wants to have a call but I was unable to this because, you know, I'm doing you. And then I go and make a big speech, a lot of people waiting right now. But he, you know, looking forward to very good -- he fought very hard. It's a very tough thing to do.MACCALLUM: Well, you guys traded a lot of tough words during the course of the campaign. You called him DeSanctimonious. And then in the statement tonight, he brought up COVID and your elevation of Fauci. Did you see his statement as embracing and really endorsing in a full throated way?TRUMP: Look, it's very hard for him. He's going out, and it's not like you feel wonderful when you do it. So he said, I think we did a fantastic job on COVID. Nobody knew, you know, I've been given tremendous credit for the economy, for the military, for foreign policy. The one thing I've never been given credit for was the job we did in COVID.We did a fantastic job with all of the medicines. And if you look at Regeneron, all of the things that we did, we did a fantastic job, have never been given the credit for that. And basically, I allowed the governor's to do their states and people like Henry McMaster, who was here yesterday, who by the way, endorsed me, and he's the governor of South Carolina, almost every politician in South Carolina endorsed me, which is a little bit tough for Nicky.But when you go and you do a job like that, I realized very little, on Fauci, by comparison. Fauci became much more important for Joe Biden, he liked Fauci. But he was there for like 40 years and --MACCALLUM: He was out there every day, in all of the news.TRUMP^ But if you listen to Fauci, I mean, many of the things that Fauci recommended, as you know, you know, he wanted to keep it open to China. And I said, no way. We're not going to keep it up. And we -- he actually admitted after that, that I saved hundreds of thousands of lives. I closed it immediately to China, and everybody said what are you doing?There was a room of 11 people, he was one of them, and they all said no. And now they give me credit for having closed it. It would have been far worse. So now, but when Ron goes out, I thought he was actually pretty gracious, to be honest, because I think the fact that he endorsed was a big factor.But if you think about it, he wants low taxes, and I gave the largest tax decrease or cut in the history of our country bigger than Ronald Reagan.MACCALLUM: Did you do larger cuts, corporate cuts?TRUMP: Yes. I was planning on doing it. In fact, had the result been different. The result was just fine, by the way. You'll probably cut that out but that's OK. But the more votes, and any said being president and the history of our country. But had I been president at the time, we would have had a lower debt.We were going to pay off -- we're going to drill, baby drill. You know, we were going to drill and get our inflation down. The inflation has been killing our country, no matter what you're making the inflation just wiped it out and just ate it up. And we were going to do some phenomenal things for the country. And then, you know, the result of the election was not -- did not make a lot of people very happy, frankly.MACCALLUM: Let me ask you about Ron DeSantis. You said you didn't speak. Did he reach out to you and --TRUMP: I'd rather not comment, would -- maybe ask Ron that question but I'd rather not comment. But he was very nice. Look, he left, it's very hard thing to do. He left. Somebody said, what are you going to do with the name to DeSanctimonious? I said that name is officially retired as of this moment, we are retiring that name.MACCALLUM: So, would you -- can you see him potentially, in your administration? I mean, how much do you think you could work together after the race?TRUMP: It's so raw right now. You know what you asked me that question, I heard about this two hours ago. So this is just something that just took place as I was coming here, that we have a tremendous audience outside. So I haven't thought in terms of that.But look, I get along with them very well until this happened. And he ran against me and I got him elected. I actually got him elected. That was not even a question. And he ran so I was insulted by that. I didn't think it was appropriate. And now I guess it doesn't matter to me much anymore.MACCALLUM: So Nikki Haley says now she has the two person arrays that she's always wanted. She has been coming after you strongly in the past few days. It's worked both ways. And you've come after her as well. She keeps bringing up your age lately. What do you say about that?TRUMP: Well, I think I'm a lot sharper than her. I would do this, I would sit down right now and take an aptitude test, and it would be my result against her result. And she's not going to win. She's not going to even come close to winning. In fact, when I heard the word cognitive, you know, I've taken two of them now. I took one with Dr. Ronnie, who's now a fantastic, you know, White House doctor, and the fantastic congressman from Texas, the admiral, the White House doctor, Jackson, Ronnie Jackson. And he's now a great congressman from Texas. I took one then and I took one recently. I think the result was announced and it was -- I aced it twice. I aced it.But I would say that, you know, I've actually called for a cognitive test for anybody running for President, because I actually think that's a good idea. It'd be nice to have an intelligent person be president. But --MACCALLUM: (Inaudible). So how do you see the race between the two of you in the coming days, as closer you know, I'm sure with the number that she's getting killed. She's being destroyed in that race. And when she -- when we get to South Carolina, I'm up 40 or 50 points on her. I saw a poll today that 51 point -- I'm up 51 points when she was governor.You saw last night we had a tremendous -- we had a record setting crowd last night. And almost the entire delegation of politicians, the governor, the lieutenant gov -- everybody, all people that worked with her. They were they're endorsing me. And the entire state has practically endorsed me, but we're way up. We're up anywhere from 40 to 50 points in South Carolina.We're up in Nevada. Don't forget, we go to Nevada, nobody mentioned this. We go to Nevada before we go to South Carolina. And in going to Nevada, I have 100% of the vote because they looked at the polls, both Ron too, they looked at the polls and they withdrew, you know It's a caucus state.MACCALLUM: Right.TRUMP: And the --MACCALLUM: She's on a ballot and you're on a clock, so it's very confusing.TRUMP: No, no, no. The delegates --MACCALLUM: Yes.TRUMP: There's no reason to be on a ballot because you don't get any delegates. It's just a sham. No, it's a caucus state. And I'm the only one in the game. So we get 100%. And that's, you know, relatively big state. And nobody mentioned that. But when we go to South Carolina, we're very strong in South Carolina.MACCALLUM: So in terms of Nikki Haley, and the future, and what happens, there's always this discussion about potentially a third candidate and no labels candidate. Chris Christie's name has been mentioned. Nikki Haley's name has been mentioned. I'm not sure if she would be eligible with the sore loser laws. But what do you think about that? What would your message be to candidates who might consider doing that?TRUMP: Well, they usually they pick candidates that failed and other parties. I mean, look, you have two parties. It really is a two party system. It was designed for that. And usually when you see no labels, or you see third party candidates, the one that had an impact was Ross Perot, I would say more so than anybody even close.But generally speaking, it's people that have been losers in their own party and this what they do. Some of these third parties, many of them helped me a lot, if the Democrats are not happy with it. I like a two party system.(END VIDEOTAPE)MACCALLUM: OK. We'll see where all of that goes. And in part two of my interview with former President Donald Trump, the foreign president reveals how he would respond to Iran and the escalating attacks against the US United States, and our assets and ships that are American ships going through the area in the Middle East. So we'll talk about that when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MACCALLUM: So White House saying today that strikes against Iran-backed proxies will continue after two servicemembers were evaluated for traumatic brain injury following a missile barrage this weekend on our base in Iraq, the 151st attack on US forces since mid October. So last night former President Trump told us how he would respond when I asked him about all of this recent activity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: We continue to hear about these attacks by Iran proxies all over the Middle East. Now you've got Pakistan hitting Iran. How -- do you think that something is about to really be accelerated --TRUMP: You mean like World War III? You mean like World War III?MACCALLUM: Potentially. What do you think?TRUMP: Absolutely. We have a man, as a president, who is grossly incompetent, he can't put two sentences together, he can't walk off the stage, he can't find the stairs. And he's negotiating with Putin, with President Xi of China, very, whether you like it or not, very intelligent men, very powerful men, and very vicious men, too. They love their country, or they want their country to succeed. And we have a man that is not capable, in my opinion, of doing it.Look, take a look at the Middle East, take a look at the whole world when I left. There was no problem. I defeated ISIS. There was no -- never going to be an attack on Israel, there was never going to be attack on Ukraine. Putin would have never done that, never. For two reasons, number one, he would have never done it because of me. But he also wouldn't have done it because oil was at $40 a barrel as opposed to $100 a barrel. ] And, you know, gasoline was under $2. Now it's very high coming down, because they're doing -- they're throwing everything they possibly can to get it. But right after the election, if that ever happened, and you just been a hope to god, it doesn't happen where he gets in because he's destroying this country.MACCALLUM: So would you hit Iran? Would you be aggressive against Iran?TRUMP: Would have never done it? Look, when I had things go -- I had things that were the greatest economy ever. But also, I told China, I told every country if you do -- if you buy one barrel of oil from -- if you -- one barrel of oil from Iran, if you buy anything, you're not doing business in the United States.And Iran was broke. And they said, I watched a congressman, a Democrat congressman, two weeks ago, three weeks ago, on one of the shows, I think it was the "Face The Nation." And he said that whether you like Trump or not Iran was broke. They had no money to, you know, to sell outfit for terror, because they are the primary source of terror. They would totally stone cold broke. And Hamas wasn't getting money, and Hezbollah wasn't getting money, nobody was getting money.And we had no terror attacks during mine. And you know, Viktor Orban, whether people like him or not, he was tough.MACCALLUM: Controversial character.TRUMP: Well, he's tough. He's smart and tough, and amazing in many ways. He's the prime minister of Hungary. And they asked him the other day, three weeks ago, to be exact. They asked him what -- what's going on? The whole world is collapsing. There's so many, you know, the Middle East, and now you have all of this and what's happening over the last two days with Yemen.He said, Bring Trump back. When Trump was here, everybody was afraid of him. I don't want to use that word afraid, but that's the word he used. Everybody was afraid of Trump. China was afraid of him, Russia was afraid of him, everybody. Look, I ended the Russia pipeline. You never heard of Nord Stream 2 until I came along. I terminated it. And then for some reason Biden allowed it to be built.We have a man who's grossly incompetent, and we have to win this next election or we're not going to have a country left.MACCALLUM: Do you think Biden will drop out?TRUMP: Personally, I think so.MACCALLUM: OK.TRUMP: I think So(END VIDEOTAPE)MACCALLUM: All right. So we've got some breaking news from the Supreme Court that has just crossed involving the standoff between the Biden administration and Texas over razor wire fencing at the border. We'll show you what's happening next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So the two Navy SEALs who died during a nighttime mission to cease Iranian weapons headed to Yemen have now been identified. 37-year-old Navy Special Warfare operator first class Christopher Chambers and 27-year- old Navy Special Warfare operator second class Nathan Ingram.US Defense officials say one of the SEALs tried to board the Iranian vessel in rough seas and fell into the water, the second dove in after him as is their protocol. The Navy calling them exceptional warriors and cherished teammates. We send our deepest condolences to their friends and to their families on this sad news.And breaking right now, the Supreme Court has given the Biden administration a big win, ruling that border agents can remove razor wire installed by Texas to stop the flow of migrants. Justice correspondent David Spunt reporting live from Washington on this breaking news. Hi, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS JUSTICE CORRESPONDENT: Martha, this is no doubt a blow to Texas Governor Greg Abbott and other border hawks who just want to stop the flow of illegal migration into our country. A divided Supreme Court will allow Border Patrol agents to cut the razor wire this was a five four vote with Chief Justice John Roberts and Trump appointee justice Amy Coney Barrett siding with the liberal wing of the court, you see them right there, Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan. Against the proposal who wanted to allow the razor wire to stay in Texas, Justice Samuel Alito, Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh and Clarence Thomas.The roughly 30 miles of wire on the border near Eagle Pass went up last year. It's been a major point of controversy between the local administration and the US Justice Department. The Justice Department says that the federal government will handle how the borders manage. Texas Governor Greg Abbott says the government manages it but the administration has done a lousy job. That's why they're putting up the razor wire in the first place.Of course, there are separate legal fights over floating barriers, and Texas trying to arrest migrants for trespassing. Martha?MACCALLUM: Thank you very much, David. David Spunt at Justice.And thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon on "The Story," on this Monday, January 22nd. Just one day to go until the New Hampshire primary. We will see you back here tomorrow with our coverage of the primary as it plays out. The first in the nation from beautiful Bedford, New Hampshire. We have had a great experience going around and talking to voters here. We'll do more of that as we roll into tomorrow.We hope you have a great evening, and we hope you'll all join us for our coverage as we get started on it tomorrow morning. And also tomorrow night till midnight Bret Baier and I will be here to take you through it all with our great panel coming up next. Your World get started right now.