CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And of course, folks stay with us for all the breaking news on all of this. We just heard from the mayor and the police chief. The number now up 10 to 15 that are injured. We do have one person that is deceased. This is an ongoing investigation. So again, stay with us. I leave you now with THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Fox News Alert, a developing situation out of Kansas City. One person is dead and at least 10 to 15 people are injured after a shooting at the Kansas City Chief Super Bowl parade. I want to go to Jonathan Hunt. He has more for us, and then we'll have THE FIVE. Jonathan?JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Dana, this shooting happened at the end of the parade and rally, which was supposed to, of course, be a celebration of the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl victory. Instead, it has turned into chaos and tragedy. One person, as you mentioned, confirmed now by the Kansas City Police Chief to have been killed in this shooting. She is also saying that 10 to 15 people were injured.We do not have an update at this point on the condition of those who have been taken to a number of area hospitals. But it was interesting, Dana, listening to the police chief, the anger and emotion in her voice very clear as she described this shooting breaking out at the end of the rally. And police officers rushing towards the sound of those shots.What we also know from the police chief is that two people have been taken into custody. And we have seen some fascinating video that we are working to get to our viewers now of in one instance, apparent fans who were simply attending the rally, chasing down one person, tackling that person. And as law enforcement then arrive on the scene, you hear one of those fans saying, we tackled him, we got the gun.In the same video taken from a higher angle that we've seen, the camera pans back and you see law enforcement standing over a second person on the ground. Now, we do not know if those two people were involved in the shooting, but clearly, they were being tackled by law enforcement because they felt there was a reason to do so. But the bottom line, Dana, one person is dead, 10 to 15 injured in a shooting that has turned the celebration of the Kansas Chiefs Super Bowl victory into a tragedy tonight. Dana?PERINO: Jonathan, thank you. We will follow the news and there will be more on "SPECIAL REPORT." But now to the border crisis. Republicans forcing a White House to finally confront it by impeaching Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. They claim he failed to uphold his oath of office and protect the border.GOP lawmakers say it's long overdue, accusing Mayorkas of doing nothing as a jaw-dropping amount of illegal immigrants pour into the country. The latest example being the shocking video of Chinese migrants slipping through a small gap of the border wall near San Diego. President Biden vowing history will not look kindly on Republicans who voted to impeach, and the Democrats out in force to defend Mayorkas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: History will not -- will not look kindly on House Republicans for this blatant act of what we believe to be unconstitutional bipartisanship. It's shameful.REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): They cheapened the meaning of impeachment. They continue to shred the Constitution. What we've got is a right-wing isolationist MAGA cult that has overtaken the Republican Party.REP. JARED MOSKOWITZ (D-FL): The only thing that's going to change is his Wikipedia page. There'll be a new line on his Wikipedia page. That it. He's still going to be the secretary.REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE (D-TX): We did a foolish thing, and that is to pass an impeachment of a very qualified and effective Secretary of Homeland Security.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And while Mayorkas awaits his Senate trial, the influx of illegal immigrants continues to overwhelm blue cities across the nation. Let's look at Boston, getting so crowded at shelters there that migrants are moving out to the suburbs. One woman who welcomed a Haitian family of three into her apartment says that she feels like she has a personal chef because the migrant enjoys cooking.And a Democrat there is encouraging others to join in saying this. I think everybody should be opening their doors because this is a shared responsibility.Greg, we've been suggesting that.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. You know what?PERINO: If you're for the open board, open your door.GUTFELD: Yes. And you know, the Dems, they're for indentured servitude now. Isn't that not nice? It feels great to act like a Democrat because what do Democrats do? They impeach knowing it would be defeated. And the reason, of course, is always because it's a noble one for -- even if you know you can't succeed, you cannot remain silent. You must get it on record or else history will judge us for doing nothing That's what a Democrat would say whenever they impeach Trump.So, when you're in a battle and you show up with spears and the other side as cannonballs, you don't scream, that's not fair. You don't get those cannonballs. No, you go get cannonballs. So, the Dems who've been impeaching and targeting their political adversaries with law fair, well, now it's time to grow some cannonballs and impeach the Democrat in confidence and start suing, you know, Soros-funded DAs. Why not? They've been doing it.And this is not partisan counter to what they're saying. All Americans have been affected by his incompetence. If this guy was managing a Chuck E. Cheese, he would have been fired. People would show up, no reservations. They cut in line. They'd go and sit at all the tables. They'd order food and beer. Then they would skip out on the bill and Alejandro would say, don't worry, the other customers will pay.That's no different than what's happening here. It raises a bigger question. Why did he get so far? And how did he get this bad? Because clearly the -- this is a deliberate overwhelming of resources. And it has to have a payoff. And I'm starting to think about the job numbers that they keep talking about. According to the center of immigration studies, Dana --PERINO: Oh, yes, I know that one.GUTFELD: All employment growth has gone to immigration's -- immigrants compared to 2019. So, that's unusual. But it's also pushing us to a place where we can't survive. The system is breaking down. We're heading to a breaking point. We're so overwhelmed. We can't pay attention to other problems. When our enemies see that we're weak and they see the inflection point is something that we foster helplessly, why not accelerate it? Why not egg it on? Why not send more people?It's like getting an alcoholic drunk at a bar so you can steal his wallet, his watch and his car. They're just flooding us with the illegals until we bottom out.PERINO: The thing that Democrats are going to have to do now, as we saw that with Raskin saying that somehow impeachment has been cheapened -- that's a good one, sir. But the Democrats are going to have to defend Biden and Mayorkas on the border quite a bit now.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, Dana, I'm reminded of the last time a cabinet official was impeached back in 1876.PERINO: Do you remember that?WATTERS: William Belknap was the Secretary of War for Ulysses S. Grant. And his wife, Carita, had a taste for the finer things in life and demanded a lavish lifestyle. And oftentimes back in the day, cabinet secretaries were expected to entertain and host parties in Washington, D.C. They took over a large house that was previously owned by William Seward, the Secretary of State, and just threw bangers night after night after night. And so, overextended their invitations, at one point, 1200 guests arrived at the party, and they trashed the place and caused so much damage the Belknapps could not afford to pay any of the contractors to clean it up. So, what did they do?The wife, Carita, engineered a kickback scheme. All of the Western military posts out in Indian territory would then get a cut and send it back to Belknap and his wife in order to make up for the lost income. Now, this went on for many, many years until it was finally discovered. And when it was discovered, Belknap ran into Ulysses S. Grant's office and said, I am sorry, here is my resignation. And then he burst into tears.And he accepted the resignation. And what did they do with the House of Representatives? They voted to impeach him. The articles were sent to the Senate where the Senate did not meet the two-thirds threshold to convict. Yet a majority of senators did vote for the conviction. At that point, it didn't matter. He had already resigned.So, the story makes me feel that what Mayorkas did is so much worse than Belknap who cried submitted his resignation and left D.C. in disgrace. So, if Belknap can do that, so should Mayorkas because what he's done to this country is so much worse.PERINO: It just said quick to the others. And I don't know if we can do that quickly because we have a lot to say. And Jessica, you were away last week. It's great to have you back around the table. What about somebody like a John Tester, Bob Casey, a Sherrod Brown, even Tammy Baldwin, those are tough Senate races for those Democrats and they'll be looking at this.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: They will be absolutely. And there has already been tougher talk on the border. I think John Fetterman is kind of been leading the way saying, you know, it doesn't make you less of a patriot, It doesn't make you less of an American, less of a Democrat to say that we have a border crisis. And you should absolutely accept that.Ken Buck, who was one of only three Republicans in the House to vote against impeaching Mayorkas, has a piece in the National Review that's -- review that's out today talking about how poor job performance is not an impeachable offense. There is actually a standard that the Constitution lays out, treason, bribery, high crimes and misdemeanors, and that being bad at your job -- and he says he's really bad at his job -- doesn't meet the threshold.But you are seeing the GOP's focus on this border crisis -- which there is a bill -- they could pass it, by partisan bill out of the Senate. Joe Biden wants to sign it. They're paying attention to that, and then Tom Suozzi is winning George Santos' seat last night. And guess what Tom Suozzi did? He ran on closing the border.He's a Democrat, always has been, very successful record, mayor of Glen Cove, and he was in the House for three terms, ran against Kathy Hochul. He was genius about it. He said, you don't have to agree with Joe Biden about everything. It doesn't make you less of a Democrat. He went to his opponent who's a very strong opponent, and I should add, was doing an event at a migrant shelter in Queens. Tom Suozzi showed up and he took over the cameras and he started talking out how this is just an American problem.It is the pathway for Democrats to win, and I think you'll see that in these swing districts.PERINO: OK.TARLOV: But the main message is Democrats continue to overperform in the Joe Biden era and were unified. Kathy Hochul who probably hates Tom Suozzi more than anyone else on the planet for running against her campaign for him. Hakeem Jeffries mobilized. AOC came out and said, I'm on the same page as Tom Suozzi.PERINO: OK.TARLOV: We're in good position.PERINO: Judge, anything you want to talk about.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I do.PERINO: Of course, the crisis for the Democrats has expanded to the number one issue of the country.TARLOV: Or Belknap.PIRRO: You know, I think the important thing for people to remember. I got the resolution for the impeachment. This impeachment is not about politics. It's about the law. And what Mayorkas did was he totally ignored the law. He violated the law. He violated his oath to the Constitution. Number one, he refused to comply with a detention mandate that requires all who clearly and beyond a doubt or are entitled to be admitted, all others shall be detained for removal. That is the law on detention.He also failed to enforce the law, which required removal of Border Patrol from protecting the border to processing the release of illegals into the United States. He also expanded parole programs, never authorized by Congress. He exceeded his authority. He thought he was an executive with a pen and a telephone. He dramatically degraded the quality of life for Americans throughout this country.And I haven't even talked about the breach of trust in this resolution, where they talk about the fact that aliens smuggling organizations made $13 billion in one year and where they -- the access to Homeland Security, they wouldn't allow the inspector general.Can you imagine if Donald Trump's Secretary of Homeland Security would not allow the inspector general access to anything in that department? I mean, you know, this is really not about the question of, you know, history will not look kindly on us, you know, from what the Republicans have done.The truth is history will not look kindly upon America for tolerating what is basically our government carrying more about illegals and putting American citizens subjugating them to those illegals in every way, financially, in terms of education, in terms of hospitalizations, and in terms of money for food, it just goes on and on.So, this is something that had to be done. And if this cheapens impeachment, what is a phone call? Somebody tell me if that doesn't cheap an impeachment.TARLOV: A phone call saying, give me --PERINO: All right, we got to go. We have -- we really have to go. Coming up, somebody better call a jar behind the scenes. Tensions perhaps between Karine Jean-Pierre and John Kirby exploding into the public?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Karine Jean-Pierre trying to butter up the press as reports indicate things are getting sour between her and John Kirby.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: Happy Valentine's Day, everybody. Let me just pass this to keep our tradition here.JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: That's from me.JEAN-PIERRE: That's for from Jake. Jake insisted.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But no amount of candy is going to smooth things over at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The newly promoted Kirby and KJP have been sharing the podium a lot recently and the Admiral is reportedly fuming over it. Sources tell the New York Times that Kirby hates how Jean-Pierre gets to pick the reporters who ask him questions. He also hopes to be named press secretary one day.It's no secret that KJP has struggled in the job. Maybe because she never actually answers questions.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: I just don't have anything to share.I just don't have anything to share.I just don't have anything to share.We've been very clear.We've been really, really, really clear.We have been really clear.I'm going to leave that to our National Security Adviser.I'm just going to leave it there for now.And I'm going to leave it there.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Jean-Pierre has her defenders. Journalist April Ryan is slamming the Kirby-Karine beef as foolishness from a white male dominated space. All right, Dana, I think it's logical that we go to you first. How odd is it for two people to be working for the -- working the press for an administration at the same time as opposed to the expert of --PERINO: I mean, it's certainly different. Can I just mention one thing about what April Ryan just said though?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And April, hey, good to -- good to see you through the screen. I was the press secretary in 2008 -- '07 and '08. Obama had male press secretaries, OK. Trump had two female press secretaries.PIRRO: Right.PERINO: And Biden has had two female press secretaries. So, what male- dominated space are we talking about anymore? This job is available to everybody, so I think that is nonsense, we can set that aside. Ceilings have been broken and that's great.I'm not sure that John Kirby has ever actually said I want to be the press secretary. I find him to be very gracious and differential to Karine Jean- Pierre when -- that's a very difficult thing. I remember one of the one points that George W. Bush always had in his White House is there should be very clear lanes of responsibility. And he would say if you're going to get out of your lane, just make sure you use your turn signal because it just makes it a better way to operate inside.I understand their need to have more communicators on national -- international affairs and foreign policy. John Kirby is excellent at it and he's willing to come on all the shows and that's appreciated. She's not willing to come on all the shows, OK. And I also think she would do better to put away the binder, trust herself and communicate.For all the frustrations that the press might have with any press secretary, with this one in particular, I do think a lot of this comes from the top. You do not have the president of the United States carrying any of the water here. You can't just say, oh, I know we have a terrible situation, we need to communicate to the American people, let's have -- let's put -- let's bring the president to the briefing room. When is the last time he did an actual press conference, not the chaotic one that he had last week when he was trying to defend himself?They have a very bad set of facts at the White House. A lot of this comes from the top. And if there are problems between staffers in the White House, that is something that the two communicators should not have to work out. That is a job for the chief of staff with direction from the commander-in-chief.PIRRO: Well, you know, Jesse, when KJP stepped in for Psaki, Biden told her, and this is a quote, you'll have an admiral looking over your shoulder. Should there be any doubt at this point that you know, there is concern about her?WATTERS: Oh, there's concern. I've learned that it's not really what you say or what you did. People remember you for how you make them feel. And I like how Kirby makes me feel. I don't like how she makes me feel. She makes me feel like a nervous wreck. She's got terrible grammar. She dresses well. That's about all I have to say about that.But Kirby has an air of class and sophistication, has confidence, and will give -- he will admit maybe that something isn't right --PERINO: Right.WATTERS: -- instead of reading out a binder that everything's perfect. She needs to ditch the binder. It's not my problem, it's Joe's problem. But the fact that he can't talk would make me think I would appoint someone who was the best talker in America. She is the worst talker in America. But I've also learned something else, and Dana I'm sure would agree with me. If you're going to be a press secretary, you want to be the press secretary in the first two years. After that first two years, then it's everything's gone to hell, and you always have to tread water.PERINO: Yes, Ari.PIRRO: All right, so -- is it KJP's fault that she, you know, comes across as not answering questions or is it that Joe Biden isn't giving her the ability to answer questions?TARLOV: I think the answer is always somewhere in the middle. And a lot of the questions that she gets are about legal investigations which it is in her purview to answer them, but then you should give the public the right person who can answer them or the President should come out and talk about it himself.And I see the big problem as someone who is a Joe Biden enthusiast and supporter of the administration that it feels that we're always on defense rather than offense. And I think that great press secretaries have this ability to not only answer questions but to craft a narrative where you leave a press briefing and you say oh, they get what's going on or this is their POV, right, and this is what we're going to see rolled out on the campaign trail and everyone is unified about this.And I think John Kirby does a great job and certainly about what's going on Ukraine and Russia. And I think his responsiveness about the conflict in Gaza has been just exceptional and that he shows up everywhere.I was away last week but I did manage to see Ian Sams who is the spokesperson for the Congressional investigations come out and talk about the special counsel report and he did a great job. I saw Republicans and Democrats alike said this is a guy who knows exactly what's going on. Page this, this is happening, this is what's happening. And you walked away from it whether you think that Joe Biden is a nice elderly man who wouldn't make it through trial or you think you know, he's the greatest gift, that there was a narrative to be told.And you can't win an election without a narrative. And that is my main concern 10 months out now that all of these facts are getting baked in and that we're not telling good enough story about the range of accomplishments the administration has and why we deserve a second term.PIRRO: All right, Greg, what do you want to say about Karine Jean-Pierre?GUTFELD: I was going to say that must have been some vacation, Jessica, if that's what you were doing.TARLOV: I saw one clip. It was an important press con.GUTFELD: Stop it. I disagree with Jesse. I like how KJP makes me feel. She gives me confidence that I could do that job, right? That other guy, no, he's good. But he's such a typical white guy so it's just normative. I bet he's probably straight. Gross. How did he get on stage?Say what you want about KJP but in this feud, she holds all the cards, race being one of them. And Kirby, he's smarter, more competent, congenial on top of things, and helpful. But in the era of DEI, that makes him DOA. He's the poster child of see you later crocodilia, whatever you want to call him. This relationship is a microcosm of the corporate world, right?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: It is. To achieve the DEI goal of diversity, you narrow the field to the exclusion of others. So, it's not necessarily ever the most capable person for the job, it has to be the capable-ist person from a type of group. And so, you can easily just do the math, right? When you specify a category, you narrow the choices of qualified opponent of applicants, so it's not race, it's math. So, you end -- you might end up with a sub mediocre candidate from group X because she took priority over a really great candidate in the wider group. So, there you go.PIRRO: OK.GUTFELD: There you go.PIRRO: Do you want to answer that?WATTERS: I was going to say he should appoint Maya Angelou to be press secretary.GUTFELD: I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.PIRRO: Yes. Ahead, try that -- try that in a red state. Ron DeSantis show and Gavin Newsom how a real governor cracks down on retail theft.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Florida cracking down on crime as California continues its decline. Unlike California, reducing certain theft and drug possession offenses from felonies to misdemeanors, DeSantis wants to up the penalties for criminals who keep committing the same retail thefts, slapping them with as much as 30 years prison time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): Right now, we have a situation in Florida where you only get a felony if you do five different retail thefts within a 45- day period. Well, excuse me, you should -- I mean, you shouldn't do it at all but if you do it and get caught, and you go back to the well again, they should drop the hammer on you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yes. Now, contrast that with Gavin, otherwise known as a male Karen, who cried to the manager after witnessing a theft.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): The woman says, oh, he's just walking out, he didn't pay for that. I said, well, why aren't you stopping him? She goes, oh, the governor. I swear to God, true story, on my mom's grave. The governor lowered the threshold. There's no -- there's no accountability. There's no -- I said it's just not true. $380 later, and I was like, why am I spending $380? Everyone can walk the hell right out.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yes, and then he asked to see the manager. It's no wonder that most Americans agree that California is headed for the dumps. 50 percent of the country say the Golden State is in decline. Judge, Florida is cracking down while California is cracking up.PIRRO: Well, there's no question. As you say, 50 percent of the people in California believe it's in decline. That's because they live there and they know it. But think that -- I think the perfect example of what's going on is something that John Miller said on CNN a couple of days ago. He said what these retail thieves do is they steal in New York, and then they go to Florida whether it's Miami, Palm Beach, and they sell everything down there.And you know, John Miller said well, why don't they steal in Florida? Why are they going back and forth? He said because they know that they'll go to jail in Florida. And that's just the reality. And you see it in the laws, you see -- you've got Ron DeSantis who knows there's a problem with retail theft, who knows that every American today is paying for retail theft. The more they steal, the more the next price -- the next item cost. The more they steal, the more insurance costs for all of us. The more they steal the more the stores have to invest in security and safety, the more they have to worry about employees. It is a spiral that's out of control. And California as a state -- is a symptomatic of what is going on. And Florida is just living it -- living large.GUTFELD: Jessica, the statistic, 50 percent see Gavin state decline, does that going to negate him as Joe's replacement at the --TARLOV: I don't know what you're talking about.GUTFELD: Oh, come on.TARLOV: There's no rumors about that or what could happen at the convention at all. So, Gavin Newsom certainly in the last few months has been talking about how this is a real problem. And in January, he actually put out a new plan to expand on his real public safety plan, to expand criminal penalties, increase enforcement tools like more police.And also, this was something that I didn't know, that there was a rule against aggregating thefts. So, it was a $950 threshold, but the guy could have stolen from -- he does this at Lululemon, right? And then down the street, he did it at Athleta, but they were considered a separate crimes, and that'll be put together and going against professional auto burglars.So, that's all a step in the right direction and he's very passionate about getting that done whether it's about aspirations for even higher office or not. But I did think it was interesting to look at the thresholds for the 50 states of what you need to seal in order to be charged with a felony. And California is not bad with this. So, Texas, you need to seal $2,500 to be charged with a -- with a felony, Alabama $1500, Mississippi $1,000.GUTFELD: But they don't let people walk out.TARLOV: There is a D.A. problem, there's a prosecution problem. But every - - but as the Judge said, it's a national problem. It's not --PIRRO: No, no, here's the difference. DeSantis removes prosecutors who don't enforce the law. Gavin Newsom watches repeal after repeal and he doesn't remove prosecutors. So, he doesn't care. doesn't care. He only cares about what they say about him at Target.GUTFELD: Look, Dana, it's -- why don't -- why don't we Sue these Soros funded DAs?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: I mean, like, you know what, that's what they -- that's what the Dems would do. I mean, they're suing, you know -- and these guys are actually destroying the country.PERINO: And would we -- would we have standing, I guess that would be the question. Could you figure out a way to have a case? I always speak -- I thought that about the ranchers down along the border in Texas. Like, why can't they ban together and sue because of property right, whatever it might be, like they should be able to do that.The one thing about this is that the law that passed in California that allows for all this nonsense is Prop 47. I mentioned last week they had like 325,000 signatures. They are up to 400,000 signatures to get it repealed. And they have 30 district attorneys across the state who want it repealed. The mayor of Santa Monica just endorsed it. London Breed of San Francisco endorses. So, Gavin ought to get on board.GUTFELD: Exactly. Jesse, can you let the audience know what Belknap would have been --WATTERS: He would have resigned in tears.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: So, I didn't know this but this is the first time ever that California has ever lost population. Ever since Gavin Newsom was governor, they have lost population. And it's hard to leave a state like California because it's got so much going for it. But now it's got the highest poverty rate in any state. It's like the lowest in terms of income. It's now spending billions of dollars in homelessness and they're increasing the amount of homelessness.They have a higher murder rate, higher crime rate than Florida. So, as the informal adviser to Gavin Newsom, this is what he should do. Because he can't fight this with facts. You saw that debate with DeSantis.TARLOV: That worked out for DeSantis.WATTERS: I would -- if I were Newsom, I'd hit on a motion and I'd say guys, we're talking about California. Come rent a convertible and drive through Big Sur with a girl wind blowing through your hair. Go to Hollywood. We got beaches. We have mountains. You're telling me California is a bad state. California is the best state in the country. And just do it like common sense. Like, are you kidding me? We're talking about California.GUTFELD: Yes. but California is like a super model. Great to look at but nuts.Ahead, highway-blocking pro-Hamas freaks is about to get a crash course in domestic terrorism.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The pro-Hamas lunatics wreaking havoc again in America. But consequences might be coming soon for these Looney Tunes. Israel-hating agitators who've been blocking traffic on New York City streets could soon be charged as domestic terrorists under a new bill and face seven years in prison. But the street blocker are no match for the brave Harvard students who skipped lunch.More than 30 Harvard students went on a 12-hour hunger strike for Hamas, demanding the school devest from companies who they say profited from Israel's war against terrorists. 12 hours, Judge. Have you ever done 12 hours without eating.PIRRO: I got tell you, I do it every night. From the time I have dinner to the time I have breakfast, it's 12 hours. They're such wusses and they have such strong opinions. But you know the amazing part of it is that this whole segment is about trying to figure out what do we do about the people who actually obstruct traffic, who prevent people from going to work because they support Hamas or Palestine or whatever it might be. And the truth is there are no laws that really cover that.You have disorderly conduct which pretty much is when you create a public inconvenience by obstructing vehicular or pedestrian traffic. That's a violation. That's like getting a parking ticket. Nobody's going to take you in for that or if they do they'll let you out before the last guy comes in. So, it's a real problem. One guy is considering domestic terrorism for these people, a D felony for which you got seven years. That doesn't work. But we've got to do more.WATTERS: Have you been obstructed going around the city by some of these people, Dana?PERINO: Oh, yes. And actually, partly because Biden was here too on the Upper West Side doing a fundraiser. And all these protesters who are pro- Palestinian, Hamas people were like you had to walk up all the way like to 80th to cross. It was very annoying.So, you know, last week we said who would have ever thought you could get 86 percent of people? Actually this is like two days ago. 86 percent of people think Biden is too old to run for office. That's amazing. I think you could get 98 percent of people to agree that anyone who does this and blocks traffic should have to be locked up. And while we're at it, could we lock up the migrants who beat up police officers? That'd be great.WATTERS: Yes. I think we solved all the world's problems right here. Greg?GUTFELD: I'm torn because I will take these meal skippers over traffic blockers any day. I would love more of that and less of the traffic blockers. But saying that the this is a hunger strike, it's again where they erase the meaning of a word by spreading it too thin. This is intermittent fasting. Podcasters do this. But in a way it's a lot like the terrorism thing which is it's like, it's a Democrat bill, so right there you can't trust it, right?The problem with these laws is everyone that you think will help you will be used against you. So, how soon would this be used against parents, Trump supporters, pro-lifers. I mean, they're kind of already doing it to parents at school board meetings and January 6 protesters. I would say enforce the law, but like the judge says, there really isn't a law. They need something else. They need something else.WATTERS: What do we have to do to get your people, Jessica, to get out of the street?TARLOV: These are not my people and I think most Democrats that you would come across would say that. We have consistently discussed how no one is being converted by any of these antics whether it is the intermittent fasting approach or the standing in front of the Brooklyn Bridge, and there was actually a great interaction between a dad who was trying to drive across the bridge to see his daughter. He just got out of his car and was like, get the F out of my way, you have absolutely no right to be doing this. And guess what? They got the F out of his way.So, I think more of that -- seven years obviously seems like a lot.And my final point, January 6th insurrectionist and "domestic terrorist parents," this is not the same conversation. There are no parents sitting in jail and insurrectionist were sitting in jail had trials. And -- oh, the hostages. I'm sorry. I should use their proper name.GUTFELD: I didn't say hostages. I said political prisoners.WATTERS: Jessica --GUTFELD: I know -- I know this is the only -- this is the only fight you have is keep calling them insurrection. It's the only insurrection that was unarmed, and the only person who died was an unarmed female protester. Where's your go girl on that?WATTERS: Yes, happy Valentine's Day, Jessica. Show a little respect. All you lovers out there might want to stick around. A Valentine's Day edition of "THE FASTEST" is up next featuring sexy teddies and Judge Jeanine furry boots.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Welcome back. It's time for "THE FASTEST" the Valentine's Day edition. First up, Build-A-Bear is causing outrage and shock among some of its fans after releasing an adult line of sexy stuffed animals for Valentine's Day. The after-dark collection is age restricted to customers 18 and older and is marketed towards adult. One Teddy is dressed in a bikini. That's so cute. Another is sporting a Hugh Hefner style robe.Who is offended at the table?PERINO: I'm offended that people are offended. Are you offended?GUTFELD: I -- the only bear I want to see in leather chaps is Bret Baier. By the way, I hear though that bear in the Hugh Hefner thing comes with a - - with a fuzzy version of chlamydia.PERINO: That's cute. Like an accessory.GUTFELD: It's an accessory. Exactly. You just put it all over you.TARLOV: I think this is --PIRRO: Who cares? I mean, who cares to get fired up about something like that? Why can't people just do what they want to do?PERINO: Why companies just make money?GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: I think they're trying.WATTERS: That's the thing, Dana.PIRRO: I mean, how offensive is that?WATTERS: You get to a point where you're selling merchandise and you have to expand so you need to add lines. That's why you add a Pride line. That's why you add a children's line. That's why you add an adult themed line. It's just about the dollar, dollar bills.GUTFELD: Do you know what I -- OK, do you know what I noticed? In the Washington Post today, what did they do, buzz kill? They had article on why Valentine's Day roses are bad for the environment. And then that -- like, 10 minutes later, I get an email from The Washington Post for a Valentine's Day special read for 50 cents a week if you sign up today. So, apparently roses are bad but chopping down trees is good.PERINO: Yes.TARLOV: Well, you won't --GUTFELD: In your face.PERINO: Now, I'm not (INAUDIBLE).GUTFELD: What?TARLOV: You won't get the print copy.GUTFELD: It doesn't matter. You still got to use electricity to read online. Come on, Jessica. Insurrectionist.TARLOV: I almost said something terrible. OK, up next, A.I. is playing the cupid role this Valentine's Day. 45 percent of men will turn to artificial intelligence to write love messages so can you really trust your digital Valentine? Dana?PERINO: I bet it's 80 percent of women.TARLOV: You think?PERINO: Yes. I think everybody is doing this for everything. I think like they're doing it for their performance reviews, thank you notes, first drafts of stories, and essays. I mean, just get with it. This is happening, people.PIRRO: You know, how different is this from going to a store and buying a Valentine's Day card? I mean, think about it. ChatGPT is just picking it online or having online pick up for you.PERINO: Yes, it's like digital Hallmark.PIRRO: Yes, it's a Hallmark card.WATTERS: Tonight, on "PRIMETIME," we're having a Nigerian prince who scams white women into falling in love with them and then milks them for all they're worth. And so, you can expect that on Valentine's Day.TARLOV: I'll look out for the rest of evening.PERINO: Are you joking?WATTERS: No, he's reformed.PERINO: Oh, OK.GUTFELD: Oh, good for him.TARLOV: Greg?GUTFELD: Oh, I use ChatGPT to formulate my talking points on ChatGPT.WATTERS: What?TARLOV: Like, if he has to talk about ChatGPT.GUTFELD: If I have to talk about it, I use ChatGPT to formulate --WATTERS: What did they tell you to say about this?GUTFELD: They told me to say that.PERINO: Are you still in there?GUTFELD: No. Nothing is (INAUDIBLE).PIRRO: Buy him a teddy bear.TARLOV: The Bret Baier joke was definitely yours though.GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: ChatGPT did not do that. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Time now for "ONE MORE THING." Jessica?TARLOV: OK. So, I wasn't here last week. I was in Hawaii, in Maui with my family. This is Cleo getting her rainbow action on. And I want to show you this. So, it's peak whale season and we had humpback whales like 15 feet from the boat. It was incredible. They come from Alaska to give birth and then it was tons of pods of moms and babies. It was incredible to see.Also, Maui is recovering. But everyone there is asking, if you can show up, come and visit. Lahaina is going to take like a decade to rebuild. It is still the most magical place, the most magical people. Don't forget about them.PERINO: All right, Jesse.WATTERS: Time for Jesse's Bidet News.GUTFELD: Oh great.WATTERS: We love bidets on the show. None of us know what they are but we love them. A woman is on the run after stealing a bidet from a bathroom at a restaurant in North Carolina. Police need our help to find her. She's described as a blonde woman walking away with a bidet under her arm. So, please call authorities immediately if you see this bidet thief.PIRRO: Did you see a bidet?TARLOV: I just see a soda.PIRRO: Wait a minute. I don't see bidet under her arm. How big is this thing?GUTFELD: It's a tiny bidet.WATTERS: It's just --TARLOV: It's a baby bidet.PIRRO: She may have gotten just that (INAUDIBLE)WATTERS: We had to blur it out. Tonight at "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," as we mentioned, the Nigerian prince scam artist tonight.PERINO: Greg.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got a great show. Lee Zeldin, Emily Compagno, the great comedian Jim Florentine, and Kat Timpf. Hey, we should do this. All right --PERINO: OK.GUTFELD: So, we're going to go -- we're going to play the animal sound, you guys listen. Judge?PIRRO: Giraffe.GUTFELD: Giraffe.TARLOV: I weirdly think whale.GUTFELD: Whale.TARLOV: But I might be in the mood.WATTERS: In the mood for what?PIRRO: Just like she saw the whales.WATTERS: Sea tortoise.PERINO: Seagull.WATTERS: It's something in the ocean.GUTFELD: You keep saying seagull, Dana.PIRRO: What is it?GUTFELD: Let's roll it.PERINO: Have I said that before?WATTERS: Ocean.PERINO: Oh, it's seal. I said seal.GUTFELD: Baby giant otters which seems redundant.WATTERS: Oh, otters?GUTFELD: Yes, they're in Germany.WATTERS: German otters, they're the worst.PIRRO: We're supposed that.GUTFELD: They only follow otters.PERINO: The game is too hard. Judge, you have 10 seconds.PIRRO: A Michigan man found a 70-year-old love letter in a toolbox that he bought.