JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, Laura, thank you.And now, we are just moments away from the final polls closing in the great state of New Hampshire. Most of the Republicans in the state have vote in the nation's first primary. Twenty-two delegates are up for grabs. Former President Donald Trump and Nikki Haley facing off all week long, hoping to win tonight and move along and secure the Republican nomination so they can take on President Joe Biden in November.Fox News' continuing coverage of New Hampshire primary starts now.We have a Fox News Alert. It's 8:00 PM in Bedford, New Hampshire where the polls are officially closed all across the Granite State and the vote counting is underway.Donald Trump is entering tonight with a commanding lead in the polls, but the question is will Nikki Haley's campaign live or die in the Live Free or Die state.Walking into tonight, the priority is clear. Like Iowa, a large faction of Republican voters in New Hampshire believe the country needs a complete and total upheaval. Donald Trump is seen as a vehicle for that.The top issue on the minds of Republican voters is immigration, where Donald Trump garners massive support, then followed by the economy.While the former president looks to cement his nomination in New Hampshire, President Joe Biden's name was not on the ballot today, but his supporters staged a vigorous write-in campaign, it is expected to put him over the edge.And we now have a Fox News Alert. A call to make. Let's bring in Martha MacCallum, anchor of "The Story" and Bret Baier, anchor of "Special Report." Hi, guys.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, there. Hi. Good evening, Jesse.So the last polls have closed now in New Hampshire and the Fox News Decision Desk can project that President Joe Biden will win the Democratic primary here in the Granite State.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Remember, Biden's voters had to write in his name today because of a dispute between the DNC and New Hampshire over which state should go first and he defeats rivals, including Representative Dean Phillips, the Minnesota congressman who is likely to finish in double digits, maybe upward double digits, we'll see. He entered the race calling for a new generation of leaders.MACCALLUM: And it's a symbolic victory because of this dispute about the order of the primaries. There are no delegates that are on the line tonight for the Democrats.BAIER: And so, we want to update about the Republican race where we can characterize it. The Fox News Decision Desk believes former President Donald Trump has a solid lead in the Republican primary, former Governor Nikki Haley appears to be running a somewhat closer race than some recent surveys showed going in, and that's where we are tonight. It's too early to call this race as of this hour.WATTERS: Okay, so you're saying that the he does have a lead, but we're not ready to call it yet because he was going into this with about an 18-point margin according to the RealClearPolitics.BAIER: She is outperforming that.WATTERS: Okay.BAIER: And we're waiting for the raw vote total to come in as we look at our Fox News voter analysis numbers, that's the rolling poll that we take of New Hampshire voters just like we did in Iowa. You're looking to match the raw vote total that's coming in with those numbers.And right now, she is outperforming, but it still looks like the former president has a solid lead.MACDONALD: Still characterizing, exactly, as a solid lead, but Haley is performing a bit stronger than we thought. And we have got about 17 percent of the vote in. They are about 5,000 votes apart.So just a little bit longer before we have a real solid call to make.WATTERS: All right, thank you guys so much. We'll see you shortly.MACDONALD: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: And the results slowly starting to trickle in. Let's go to Bill Hemmer, co-anchor of "America's Newsroom" who is at the big board with the latest and I get an up close look at the big board.BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: You do. Right.This is life size, isn't it, Jesse?WATTERS: It looks good.HEMMER: Just listening to what Bret and Martha are trying to explain to the audience right now. This is where we are, okay. It's a margin game here.If Donald Trump is on his way to victory tonight in New Hampshire, what is the margin? You follow those tracking polls from the last week, it was really strong in those numbers. Does he hit that or not? That's a big question right now.You've got 17 percent of the vote in, all right, too early to call and right now, the vote difference here puts Trump up nine percentage points. That should seem to portend very well for his chances to win the state tonight.But if you're competing and looking down the road at Nevada, and then South Carolina and Super Tuesday in early March, you know, the Trump team wanted to win this in a profound way tonight with a big, big number. It is nine points, now less than that right now? Is that going to be enough for them? Or what happens with the other 80 percent of the estimated vote that's still out there?I can do share you this, now, I'm going to flip over the Democratic side because there is a race over there. I think two things are interesting, Jesse. We believe 100,000 Democrats voted today or voted on the Democratic side, okay, whether you're a declared Democrat or whether you're undeclared as an Independent, pretty comfortable for Joe Biden, right? But he is just a tick below 60 percent.I was looking at his number a bit earlier today, okay. If you add the raw vote total here 13,500, five thousand, one thousand, we're a long way from knowing how many people chose to vote for Joe Biden as a write-in candidate, okay and that's going to be very important, because right now, Dean Phillips is doing all right. He is above 20 percent.If that number were to hold throughout the night, it might send a little bit of a shiver down some Democratic spines throughout the night and into the next contest as we move further on. And let me just show you what is in the offing here on the calendar. It's early, right?It is only January. We've only had Iowa and we've had New Hampshire. If you're the Trump team, and you're looking to vanquish all of your other opponents with Ron DeSantis dropping out two days ago, look what's coming your way in February?This is -- Nevada is a mess, okay? You're going to have a primary where Nikki Haley is competing. There are no delegates there awarded. Then you've got a caucus two days later, where you will have delegates awarded, and Donald Trump will compete in the caucus, okay, so that sets Trump's team up well for Nevada.Then you're going to wait about 31 days, and you're going to go back to the Palmetto State. Nikki Haley's home state. Donald Trump has performed very well there. He's got the governor's support. He's got both senators behind him and they believe polling in South Carolina is extremely strong.So depending on what happens tonight, coming back, sorry, I take you back to real time here, and this is the scenario. We will get away from Democrats now, we'll go back to the Republican race. And you think about this now, okay.What is the margin? Remember, Nikki Haley told us throughout the entire week here in New Hampshire, she's not getting out, okay, but if the margin is so profound, say it's over 10 points, maybe if it goes to 15, you really make the Haley campaign think about whether or not you want to stick it in for -- stick with this, rather for another 31 days. So we'll watch this now and see how it goes.And I'm going to just check it one more time here, Jesse. The margin is still nine points, okay? So that's -- it is really a test right now on the board to see what happens between these two Republicans who are the only ones left in this race as of now -- Jesse.WATTERS: All right, Bill Hemmer, thank you so much.And now PRIMETIME has team coverage in both campaign headquarters. Let's start with Fox News correspondent, Alexis McAdams at Trump headquarters in Nashua -- Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Jesse, well, there is a party-like atmosphere here in Nashua, New Hampshire at this location where everybody is watching closely as those polls continue to close, right?As you heard the Fox News Decision Desk says Trump has that lead. We'll see how the rest of the night plays out here. So how confident, Jesse, is the former president in how he is going to do here in the Granite State? Well, I asked him earlier and he said he's already talking about VP picks, right?So we talked about Vivek Ramaswamy. We've talked about Byron Donalds, Kari Lake, Tim Scott expected here in the room tonight. We also just saw George Santos, Jesse, walk by, a short time ago. So he wanted to be here in New Hampshire as well.It's all down to a two-person race, which is what Nikki Haley said she wanted this entire time. Now, she's got it.Trump says it's not going to help her, it is going to hurt her here, because he is the one who is strong on the border. And when you talk to people here in New Hampshire, Jesse, what do they care about? They tell me it's the economy and immigration.So they want somebody who is strong on the economy. They want someone who is strong on the border as well, and he thinks he has this race in the bag.And how quickly things change in politics, right? All we've heard is Trump go after DeSantis for months calling him DeSantis-you name it, and he said he's forgotten about that -- Jesse.WATTERS: All right, Alexis, thank you so much.And we have a Fox News Alert. We have a call to make.Let's bring in Martha MacCallum, anchor of "The Story" and Bret Baier, anchor of "Special Report."BAIER: Well, Jesse, the Fox News Decision Desk can now project that former President Donald Trump will win the New Hampshire Republican primary.This is an important win for Trump given the role that undeclared voters moderate New England Republicans play in this state in particular.MACCALLUM: He defeats his only notable rival still in this race, former Governor Nikki Haley. Haley appears to be running a somewhat closer race than the recent polling had showed. Both of these candidates will receive a share of the 22 delegates at stake tonight. You have to get over 10 percent in order to start giving up those delegates and she's in that range.BAIER: And you know what's really interesting, Jesse, is that immigration, again, the top issue, Iowa and New Hampshire, and the Trump campaign was very disciplined in how they pitched that. Every rally we went to, every commercial has some mention of immigration, and they hit that hard in the final days.MACCALLUM: It's pretty stunning that immigration has gotten to the top issue in New Hampshire, and I think you'll look back at all of the migration and the intentional migration that some of these governors have in southern states did, sending migrants up to these more northern areas, Jesse and it is resonating with voters up here, there is no doubt.BAIER: The other thing to watch is what the spread is here. Right now, as you see, it's about 10 points, roughly a little bit less than that. And, you know, the question is, what does it need to be for Governor Haley to continue on? She says she is continuing on anyway. But there will be pressure, especially from Trump world, for her to do as Governor DeSantis did and step aside. It doesn't look like she's going to do that.WATTERS: All right, so it looks like it's going to be about a nine to a what -- a 15-point margin for the former president? Is that what we're looking at now? We just don't know exactly where it's going to land?MACCALLUM: Yes, I think that's probably a safe guess at this point, but we're still at 19 percent with these numbers still coming in from different areas around New Hampshire. But, you know, I mean, clearly it is a solid win.It would also be -- no one has won the Republican nomination, won Iowa, won New Hampshire and not gone on to secure the nomination. So history is on the former president's side when he looks ahead at these other states. But we have heard, as everyone has said, time and time, again from Governor Haley, that she doesn't believe that two states should decide who the nominee is going to be, and that she intends to stay in this, that she intends to work hard over the next month in to South Carolina.But whether or not they rethink this given the end of the night numbers here, we'll see.BAIER: She is outperforming the polls going into this day. She is doing better across the board. How that turns out at the end of the night is the big question. The other history made tonight, Jesse, is that Donald Trump is now the only person ever to win the New Hampshire primary three times. So there you go.WATTERS: I'm sure we'll hear him note that in the speech tonight.MACCALLUM: No doubt.WATTERS: He always like some break records and make history.MACCALLUM: You know, Jesse, just one other thing that I would mention, Nikki Haley, what she has been saying all along is I was at two percent in the beginning, got to 20 percent in Iowa. Now you look at this number at 45. If it stays in that area, she's going to say, then I doubled what I did in Iowa.So she's going to, I would imagine, characterize this as a continued climb, and we'll see. You know what she has to say at the end of the night and where this goes.BAIER: And if the donors buy all of that.MACCALLUM: Exactly.WATTERS: Okay, well, as we saw over at Hemmer's board, we still have a pretty long way to go when it comes to getting to Nevada and then getting to South Carolina and those could be treacherous days getting pounded over and over again by the former president and a lot of the Republican Party looking to wrap this up and coalesce around Donald Trump.So they are healthy, motivated, and united going into a general election, but we'll see. She can make any decision she wants. It's up to Nikki Haley and the president has been pretty gracious when he said, I'm not calling for anybody to drop out, it is their decision. Those are tough decisions.But as we know, he can be quite forgiving, once someone does suspend the campaign, and then endorse, it is water under the bridge.All right, now, let's bring in Vivek Ramaswamy, a former presidential candidate who did drop out, endorsed, and is now in the former president's good graces. Are you in Nashua right now with the party?VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I am. I am, Jesse, I am right here at the after party right here. And look, I think this is a decisive win for Donald Trump that we're seeing tonight.I think there's actually an interesting view of this, which is, it's like a terrain for the general election. You have more Independents and Democrats, it looks like voting in this GOP primary than registered Republicans themselves. And many of the largest donors to the Democratic Party have been the largest donors to Nikki Haley, who is Donald Trump's opponent here.So I think this is a prediction of what you're going to see in the general election and the decisive margin we see tonight is in some ways, I think something that bodes well for Trump heading into the general election in November to reunite this country.And so in my view, the general election really begins tonight. I think the Republican primary for all intents and purposes is over tonight, and I think the party and the country are better off, if we see that for what it is.WATTERS: Is Vivek Ramaswamy calling for Nikki Haley to suspend her campaign?RAMASWAMY: Look, I do think that will be the right thing for the country unambiguously, and also just to call a spade a spade, Jesse. As you know, I've not been unafraid to do that in this campaign.If Nikki Haley does stay in, it will send the signal that her only path and what she's playing for is for Donald Trump being eliminated by forces outside of this process, by the judicial system, by Secretaries of State in places like Maine or elsewhere and I think that's downright wrong.I think it's wrong for the Republican Party. I think it's wrong for this country. There isn't no viable path for her to defeat him through the front door.And so what we're really just seeing is the very people like Reid Hoffman, who are paying for the lawsuits against Donald Trump, now becoming the largest donors or among the largest donors to Nikki Haley, it becomes obvious that the thing they're playing for is Trump to be eliminated by what I view as illegitimate means, and I think that is bad for this party, bad for this country. That's what that will mean.And so for that reason, I do think the right decision for Nikki Haley to make for the country and for the Republican Party tonight or very soon after tonight is to make this a one-person nomination for the Republican nomination, and then head to a general election, where we can focus I think, Jesse this year, on delivering a 1980-style moral mandate, a Reagan- style landslide.When you have the likes of John Fetterman who have been recently talking about the importance of the southern border that says that many Democrats and Independents and libertarians agree with the views of this America First movement.That's why I took myself out of the race to endorse Donald Trump. I think the other Republicans have done the right thing. It's time for Nikki Haley to do the right thing as well and focus on a landslide this November, that dare I say, will reunite this country and that's why I'm in this.WATTERS: All right, Vivek, thank you so much. Enjoy the party. Try to behave yourself.RAMASWAMY: Thank you.WATTERS: Let's now bring in, Dana Perino, co-anchor of "America's Newsroom" and my co-host on "The Five."So, Dana, we were talking before about the expectation game. And if she was going to maybe do single digits here, then she could justify continuing, but it doesn't look like that. Maybe she squeaks out nine, but it's looking closer to 12 or 15. What's her calculation?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I think you made a good point and something that President Trump said, right, that everybody has to make their own decision. And if you think about it, where she was in February was two percent, and she got in to a two-person race and it is not a 30- point blowout, but is it a 12 to 15 percent blowout? Or is it a nine-point blowout?Even if it's single digits, I do think that when you look forward, it gets harder to think about how do you even mathematically make sense of that?I think something that Vivek was saying is very important for Republicans to think about. So if you're going to unite the party, it has to be you're going to need her voters.WATTERS: You are.PERINO: President Trump has done extremely well in Iowa and here in rural areas, suburban areas softer for him where she is stronger. She has been stronger in the suburban areas. We saw that in both Iowa and it looks like we're seeing that here in New Hampshire.And so I think everyone on the Republican side is going to have to say, all right, well, if we're going to get behind President Trump, like, can we can we all do that? Or is it just going to take a little bit of time to get there? I don't know if it's going to -- if it can happen immediately.Also, I think New Hampshire is very strange in some ways, reflective of the country, that 40 percent of people say they are Independent, that matches what the country says. The 43 percent now say they're Independent, they don't want to be called Republicans or Democrats.But in different states, you have different rules. And that's not always the case. In South Carolina, you don't have to declare at all. Everybody gets to vote for whoever they want. When you go to Nevada, it's a different story.So there's a lot of different things going into this, but bottom line for Nikki Haley, she did a lot better than anyone gave her credit for last February. She got in to a two-person race, but can she get it to a win tonight? Unlikely.WATTERS: And it is a weird state, no offense to the people of New Hampshire, but in terms of your Republican primary voter, it's a New England state. It's not heavily evangelical, it's highly educated and as you said, there are a lot of Democrats and Independents getting involved in the process.So you're not going to have your Iowa voter in a place like New Hampshire. But despite that, still, if it's the 10 to 15-point margin, that seems healthy enough for people to ask Nikki Haley, maybe it's time to hang it up?PERINO: Well, New England has been very interesting for a long time. Despite your uncle here in the great state of New Hampshire.WATTERS: State Senator David Watters.PERINO: But there has been some very interesting Republicans in New England over the last couple of decades, right?Mitt Romney was one. You have Chris Sununu here in New Hampshire who is very popular. Charlie Baker of Massachusetts, also very popular. I can't remember his name. His name is -- Jimmy is in Vermont.WATTERS: Right.PERINO: All Republicans, maybe a different flavor, they wouldn't necessarily win a primary in Iowa, but can they win in New England? And what I was just saying at the beginning is that everyone has to gather together if they expect to win one of these contests. It is going to be a tough general election fight.WATTERS: It sure will be and right now, I think we have Nikki Haley live in Concord, New Hampshire. Let's listen in.(PEOPLE chanting "Nikki.")HALEY: Thank you, thank you, thank you.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We love you, Nikki.HALEY: I love you, too.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're a great American.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: What a great night. God is so good all the time.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: Thank you, New Hampshire for the love, the kindness of support and a great night here tonight, thank you so much.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: I want to first say thank you to my husband who I know is watching right now. I love you. We're excited to have you --[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: I want to thank my kids who are here, Rena, Nalin, and Josh who have really kind of stepped up and just given me the support I need. You really pull on your family when something like this happens and I am incredibly blessed by their support.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: I have my parents at home, and I will always say that the way they raised me to know that we lived in the best country in the world, but to also know that the best way you appreciate your blessings is to give back. Thank you, Mom and Dad, I love you so much.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: To my siblings, to my in laws, and to everybody back at home, to Vicki for helping me take care of mom and dad. Thank you for that.You know, I will tell you, it has been, it feels like it's been a lifetime, but it has been almost a year that we've been campaigning in New Hampshire, touching every hand, answering every question, being the last person to leave and we had the most amazing thing happen, is the second that we got the endorsement from Governor Chris Sununu --[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: I mean, a true governor that doesn't stand behind a podium, he shows up at a diner, he shows up at the brewery. He loves the people of New Hampshire. He has been with me every single day at every single event.Chris, I couldn't have done it without you.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: And I want to thank someone who was with me on day one. He's a patriot. He's a hardcore conservative and he is my friend, General Don Bolduc and Sharon, thank you so, so much.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: I want to congratulate Donald Trump on his victory tonight. He earned it and I want to acknowledge that. Now, you've all heard the chatter among the political class, they are falling all over themselves saying this race is over.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not over.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: Well, I have news for all of them, New Hampshire is first in the nation, it is not the last in the nation.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: This race is far from over. There are dozens of states left to go.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let your voice be heard, Nikki.HALEY: And the next one is my sweet state of South Carolina.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: At one point in this campaign, there were 14 of us running and we were at two percent in the polls. Well, I'm a fighter.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: And I'm scrappy.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: And now we're the last one standing next to Donald Trump.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: And today, we got close to half of the vote.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: We still have a ways to go, but we keep moving up.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: For a lot of people, politics is way too personal. It's not personal for me.I voted for Trump twice. I was proud to serve America in his Cabinet. I agree with many of his policies.I decided to run because I'm worried about the future of our country and because it's time to put the negativity and chaos behind us.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]WATTERS: All right, that was Nikki Haley not dropping out. She said New Hampshire is the first in the nation, but it is not the last and she's going to be moving on to dozens more states, but first, her home state of South Carolina.Let's bring back in Dana Perino. Is that what you expected, Dana?PERINO: Yes, although I have to say the way she structured the speech for a minute there, I thought, wait, is she dropping out because she started this speech with heartfelt thanks to her parents, to her husband, to her supporters like Chris Sununu, the governor here, Don Bolduc, the general who had been very supportive of her.And so I thought, wait, is she about to make a different announcement? But no, she says she's going to move on and she says that she will be in a dozen more states.Now one thing I do know about her is that she has a lot of money, right? So she's got that big infusion of cash. So campaigns when you run out of money, that's when you run out of road. She has enough road ahead of her because she's got those funds.WATTERS: All right, let's listen back in to the rest of Nikki Haley, and hear what she has to say. She is breaking some news, let's go back.(PEOPLE chanting "Nikki.")HALEY: And the question is, who's going to fix it?[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: With Donald Trump, Republicans have lost almost every competitive election.We lost the Senate. We lost the House. We lost The White House. We lost in 2018. We lost in 2020 and we lost in 2022.The worst kept secret in politics is how badly the Democrats want to run against Donald Trump.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump is a loser.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's a loser.HALEY: They know Trump is the only Republican in the country who Joe Biden can defeat. You can't fix -- you can't fix the mess if you don't win an election.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We want to win.HALEY: A Trump nomination is a Biden win and a Kamala Harris presidency.[BOOING]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump is on a losing streak.HALEY: I defeat Biden handily.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's how you do it, Nikki.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We want you, Nikki.HALEY: With Donald Trump, you have one bout of chaos after another. This court case, that controversy, this tweet, that senior moment. You can't fix Joe Biden's chaos with Republican chaos.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's right.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: The other day, Donald Trump accused me of not providing security at the Capitol on January 6.[LAUGHTER]UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Geriatric.HALEY: Now, I've long called for mental competency tests for politicians over the age of 75.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: Trump claims he'd do better than me in one of those tests. Maybe he would, maybe he wouldn't. But if he thinks that, then he should have no problem standing on a debate stage with me.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]WATTERS: Okay, so she's obviously now challenging the former president to a debate. We don't believe that's ever going to happen.Let's now bring in Kayleigh McEnany, host of "Outnumbered," former White House press secretary.All right, so you just heard Nikki Haley say some negative things about the former president.HALEY: The first party to retire its 80-year-old candidate is going to be the party that wins this election.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: And I think it should be the Republicans that win this election.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: So our fight is not over, because we have a country to save. In the next two months, millions of voters in over 20 states will have their say. We should honor them and allow them to vote.And guess what? In the next two months, Joe Biden isn't going to get any younger or any better. We'll have all the time we need to defeat Joe Biden.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: When we get to South Carolina, Donald Trump is going to have a harder time falsely attacking me. The great people of South Carolina know, I cut their taxes. They know --[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: They know I signed the toughest illegal immigration bill in the country. They know we passed voter ID and tort reform and ethics reform and they know we moved 35,000 people from welfare to work.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: Every time I've run for office in South Carolina, I've beaten the political establishment. They're aligned up against me again, that's no surprise. But South Carolina voters don't want a coronation. They want an election.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: And we're going to give them one.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: Because we are just getting started, thank you for the energy.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE](CROWD chanting "Nikki.")HALEY: Thank you. Thank you for the love, New Hampshire. We're going home to South Carolina.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We love you, Nikki.HALEY: I love you, too. Thank you. Thank you.Now, I want to say it's really -- it's really important that I say some additional thank yous. I've thanked Governor Chris Sununu and General Don and Sharon Bolduc, but I also want to mention just a few other people who've been incredibly gracious to us.To the entire Sununu family, including Governor John Sununu and Senator John E. Sununu, thank you, thank you, thank you.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: Senator Judd Gregg, thank you for your advice. Thank you for your encouragement and thank you for your support. I'm truly grateful.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: Kim Rice, thank you for being with me since the very beginning. I love you.[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]HALEY: And to Janine Cooper, Mary Maybell and Milena --WATTERS: Okay, that was Nikki Haley again. Let's bring in "Outnumbered" co- host and former White House press secretary, Kayleigh McEnany for real this time, Kayleigh.Okay, so explain this to me. She just probably lost by 10 to 12. She's staying in, possibly beyond South Carolina, it seems. What does that do to the Republican Party?KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CO-HOST "OUTNUMBERED": Look, she has said that she will endorse the nominee, and right now, for all intents and purposes, the presumptive nominee is Donald J. Trump.Look, he just won Iowa. He just won New Hampshire. No one has done that since going back to 1976. The only person I believe to ever win New Hampshire three times, he is currently pulling in majority support. But she's making the argument, I was at two percent, now look at me, I'm at 46 percent. We'll see where that lands.I'm staring down Super Tuesday where 11 of the 16 states allow Independents to vote. But as Nate Cohn at "The New York Times" pointed out, if you look at each and every state to come in the latest polling in each and every state, there is not one state that has a latest poll that has Donald Trump closer than 30 percent as a margin.So, she is staring down a nightmare of a map, but she is making the case, I can win. In fact, at the end of her memo, do Republicans want to win? All Caps. Problem, just quickly, she made that argument on the airwaves here in New Hampshire, it didn't resonate. What landed was Trump's message on immigration and Social Security.WATTERS: How can you say that the guy who is beating me and will beat me for the rest of the primary will lose the general election and then the loser of the Republican primary, Nikki Haley will win the general election? Because that's your argument and I don't understand it, do you?MCENANY: So here's the case she is making. President Trump, I would go home tonight, I'd go to my victory party, I would celebrate.WATTERS: Yes.MCENANY: I've made history, yet again, but then I'd go home and I'd look under the hood. And when you look under the hood of our Fox News Voter Analysis Data, you find that 32 percent of Republicans say we won't vote for Trump. I've got to unite the party. That's the argument Nikki Haley is making, and number two, I would look, Nikki Haley won Independents according to Fox News Voter Analysis, 59 to 33.So I go home, if I'm Trump, I celebrate. And then I say I've got to unite this party. I've got to win Independents. That's how I beat Biden.WATTERS: Well, they do say that and that's in the heat of the moment. This is a snapshot in January where they say I will never vote for Donald Trump and then maybe the feelings change come November.MCENANY: Well, I think I must say, I think I know she said she's not running for second. I think this is a play for the vice presidential nomination, we must unite the Republican Party. I think she's playing for that.WATTERS: So you believe she's going to force the issue, drag this out, get some clout with some delegates going into the convention and leverage her way onto the ticket?MCENANY: I think that is a real possibility.WATTERS: All right, well, that should be interesting. I'm not sure the Republican base is going to be thrilled about that, but politics is crazy.MCENANY: Oh, they will vote for Trump. They will vote for Trump, no matter what.WATTERS: You never know.MCENANY: Sealed.WATTERS: All right, so what contributed to this Trump win? Let's bring in Sandra Smith, co-anchor of "America Report." -- Sandra.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, Jesse.We've got some brand new data to show you, really about voters and what they said about Trump's strengths and really led to what we've seen so far tonight.As far as those MAGA supporters, we know on the ground there in New Hampshire, half of New Hampshire, Republican primary voters identify as MAGA supporters. Well, look at that. Their support for Donald Trump, 87 percent of them voted for Trump.He also did very well with those conservative voters as you can see here, 68 percent supported Donald Trump. He also did well with those without a college degree, the rural voters, 57 percent of them went for him.Also, a big question that we had heading into tonight was when people decided who their candidate would be? Time of decision. This is a really telling thing. Of those voters who said that they decided more than a month ago, they supported Donald Trump in this race, six and 10 decided more than a month ago, 69 percent of that group went for Donald Trump, just a quarter of them went for Haley.Next up, another question that we had been asking voters in this Republican primary, what do they think about how the country is run and how much change they want to see? About three in 10 voters said that they want complete and total upheaval, and 82 percent of them went for Donald Trump in this race. This is even more than we saw in Iowa where 70 percent of those caucus goers went for Donald Trump.One more thing about winning in November. This was obviously a very key question for voters in New Hampshire, 74 percent say it's very important for the Republican nominee to be able to win in November, and those voters, well, over six and 10 of them went for guess it? Donald Trump, 62 percent of the time.So Jesse, these are some of our key takeaways so far. We'll have more later in the night.WATTERS: All right, Sandra, thank you so much.Let's now bring in Shannon Bream, host of "Fox News Sunday" and Guy Benson, host of "The Guy Benson Show."Shannon, this is not MAGA country here in New Hampshire. Nikki Haley outspent Donald Trump two to one. She was here a lot more over the past year. Donald Trump basically came in the last week and campaigned very vigorously.Still, it looks like he's going to come out with about a 10 to 12, maybe 15-point advantage. What does that mean?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Well, it means that people really cared about two big issues, immigration and economy. They said that over and over again here. And with those groups, he killed it.The majority of those people, that was their biggest issue, they were with him. Interestingly enough, though, when you asked about the indictments, whether those were ever going to hurt him, he knew early on when somebody asked him, will you drop out if indicted? He's like, no, it's actually going to help me. It was fine with people here, six in 10 here GOP voters thought that they were politically motivated.And when I was on the ground at these Trump events talking to people, they said, not only did it make me not shy away from him, it's making me double down on him.WATTERS: So we're just getting some new information on some of these exit polls. We have, it could be seven to 10-point spread for Donald Trump, maybe not 12 points, maybe seven to 10 points. And Guy, going into this yesterday, we were playing the expectations game.You know, Nikki Haley needs to get it within double digits to justify continuing her campaign down to South Carolina. If she is in singles, does that give her any justification?GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, she obviously thinks so based on her comments minutes ago. If this is a single digit race, people were talking a lot about what does she need to do? That's her decision to make? Is there a path for her? That's the other question people are asking.I still think it is a really, really tough one if it exists, because she is oh and two and Trump is two and oh. That's a huge difference. South Carolina, he has a big lead for now.One thing that I'm thinking about and Kayleigh sort of touched on this a few minutes ago here on the program, I think that the Trump campaign and the Republican Party has to grapple with this reality that there are a lot of Republican voters who are not excited right now about nominating Donald Trump again.More of them are, but there's a substantial minority who are not. Those people are going to have to come into the fold at some point if the Republicans are going to win a general election, and I've seen a lot of people sort of dismissive of all these Independents boosting Haley's numbers here.Well guess who the Republicans are going to need in the fall to win those Independents? So I think just sort of giving the back of the hand to that coalition is unwise, and I think Republicans need to look at these numbers carefully.WATTERS: And do Democrats have a problem with the base, to, Shannon? It looks like about 12 percent of New Hampshire Democrat primary voters say they will not vote for Joe Biden if he is the nominee, and 40 percent of the Democrats here in the Granite State, say he's too old for a second term.BREAM: So will they take a look at President Trump as a nominee or Nikki Haley as a nominee? That's something that she has said is a strength for her. We know in Iowa and we know here as well, Democrats and Independents really came over to her.Now, the president -- the former president has hit her on that saying, she is bringing liberals into the party. She says, don't we want a big tent? Don't we want more people to come in? Listen, that's going to be one of her arguments to sending her to the general. I can bring people that may not even take a look at President Trump.BENSON: And I think also, we often talk about who is turning out, who are the people who comprise the electorate? What could be a decisive factor in November is who doesn't show up? Who doesn't turn out and why?WATTERS: All right, Guy Benson and Shannon Bream, thank you guys so much.BENSON: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Let's go back to Bill Hemmer, co-anchor of "America's Newsroom" on the board as we call it.HEMMER: So, Jesse just looking at this margin right now, and it could take some time before we can determine this. This is where you stand right now, just about 8:40 here in New Hampshire, a difference of eight points between Trump and Nikki Haley.Here is what I'm watching, okay. This is the Connecticut River Valley, it runs along the border with Vermont. This is Maine over here. Massachusetts down here. This is the second most populous county, Rockingham County, all of New Hampshire.You only have seven percent of the vote accounted for right now in Rockingham. If I were to take you back. Now, it just jumped to nine percent right now and just look how close this is.If I were to take you back eight years ago, now, granted, you have two candidates in the race. You had 10 at that time among the Republican race, Donald Trump vanquished all of them with just shy of 39 percent in Rockingham County.What I'm suggesting to you right now is that there is vote out there still, and there could be better news for Donald Trump. Conversely, there could be news and good news for Nikki Haley.This is Grafton County, the Connecticut River again here. There's a town there, Hanover. That's where Dartmouth College is located. That's what John Kasich performed really well eight years ago. Some of these communities right along the Connecticut River and Nikki Haley seems to be doing pretty well again, with only 31 percent of the vote counted there in Grafton County, this is the capital city of Concord.That's Merrimack County. That's another spot in this state where John Kasich did well in 2016. Are those Nikki Haley kind of voters? Right now it appears that that's the kind of vote that Nikki Haley is picking up because he's running just about dead even with Trump there in Merrimack County.Let me come out here just for a moment here, Jesse. I'm going to put on the outstanding vote. What we're trying to figure out is what votes still needs to be counted, okay? We will slip into the purple well in here, the remaining vote here throughout New Hampshire, it's a lot, right?I mean, the darker the shade of purple, the more votes that have to be tabulated right now. And again, this hasn't changed since we started talking a couple of minutes ago, still at 27 percent. So throughout the entire state of New Hampshire, you're going to have remaining vote coming in and ultimately, take you here one more time, just be patient with me here are your 7.6 percent as we evaluate this going forward. What's the margin that Donald Trump wants to get to vanquish Nikki Haley? As of her comments 10 minutes ago, she's not getting out. That means Nevada early February. That means South Carolina in 31 days -- Jesse.WATTERS: Bill Hemmer at the big board, thank you so much.Let's go to Fox News contributor and former White House Deputy chief-of- staff, Karl Rove.Karl, I don't know if you just heard what Kayleigh's theory was, but it's if you continue to fight Donald Trump throughout this primary, second place, second place, second place, you build up enough delegates to go into the convention in Milwaukee with some juice and maybe squeeze your way onto the ticket. Is that a legit theory?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think it is a theory, I'm not certain that -- that depends on the mindset of the ultimate nominee of the party, and it doesn't strike me that Donald Trump is the kind of person who's going to say yes, I'm Ronald Reagan, I'm going to pick the guy who was my preeminent challenger in order to unite the party. I just don't think he's that kind of person.He probably is going to awaken to needs to know the fact that he needs to unify the party, but that may be the case, but I doubt it.WATTERS: All right, so for the general health of the Republican Party, if Nikki stays in and goes to South Carolina and has enough money to continue on and still get second. As these days go on, does that make it harder for the eventual nominee, Donald Trump to defeat Joe Biden?ROVE: I'm not certain. Once Donald Trump say he succeeds in winning the nomination early, the attention is going to drop off of him.To some degree, the longer the contest goes on a reasonable amount of time, the better off he is, because it allows him to articulate a vision for the general election.What matters is not so much you know, how much she says and what she's doing as what he does. If he takes on the task of describing a general election message and positioning himself to beat Biden after winning the nomination if he feels secure about getting the nomination, then he's going to be better off.And this really an important point. I've got the cheap whiteboard here. It's not exactly a whiteboard. Think about this in the Fox News Analysis. From the start, four out of every 10 voters in New Hampshire said I already know who I'm going for, I'm not going to change my mind. I knew when this whole process began. Nine out of 10 of them went for Donald Trump.Of the people who said I decided during the course of the campaign, six out of 10 of the voters tonight, three out of 10 went for Trump, six out of 10 went for Haley and one out of 10 went for somebody else.So in other words, his campaign has not really advanced him, he did better with the people who came into this contest already with their minds made up. And you know, that's good, because he started with a high base. But it also suggests that he didn't do as well in making the case to the people over the course of the campaign.One more data point also playing off of what Hemmer said earlier, half of the Trump voters in the Fox News Analysis said they wouldn't vote for Nikki Haley if she were the nominee of the party. And eight out of 10 Haley voters said they wouldn't vote for Donald Trump. Now that's in the heat of the moment but nonetheless suggests that whoever is the Republican nominee is going to have to do a lot to do in unifying the party and lowering the temperature and the principal responsibility is the frontrunner, because if you're the frontrunner, you're the most likely to win the nomination.So begin that job earlier, because these numbers, if I were sitting in the command post of either Trump or Haley, I'd be worried about these numbers for the general election.WATTERS: That's got to be a little emotion, Karl, you know, when you get into a fight with your girlfriend.ROVE: Yes, sure.WATTERS: I'm never talking to her again, and then you patch things up and you guys start talking again. You're saying you don't have to do some repair work, but it's in the heat of the moment, if you know what I mean. I'm sure you've never broken up with anybody, Karl.ROVE: Yes, flowers, chocolates --WATTERS: No one would ever break up with you.ROVE: What was your strategy? Flowers and chocolates?WATTERS: No, never flowers when you're in a fight, because that conditions her to think that you're only giving her flowers in a negative time.ROVE: Very subtle. Very subtle.WATTERS: Okay, you want to save the flowers for good moments. Karl, I have so much to teach you, the architect.ROVE: Yes, thank you.WATTERS: Thank you so much.So what was Joe Biden up to today? Peter Doocy is at the White House with details -- Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Jesse, the president did two things today. He talked about abortion access and he got heckled by pro- ceasefire in Gaza protesters.Today was the big debut for 2024 of the Democratic ticket. It's a rare side by side appearance with President Biden and Vice President Harris. They went out to Northern Virginia and the president, it took way longer for the President to get his prepared remarks out because 14 different times, hecklers were shouting him down about the ceasefire in Gaza.The officials here at the Biden White House, get the same polls that we all get, the top two issues being -- for voters -- being the economy and immigration, but they are choosing to try to get their base riled up by focusing on access to abortions or what they call reproductive rights.But because President Biden chose not to be on the ballot in New Hampshire, end of 2022, he instructed the DNC, I don't want to be in a caucus like Iowa where he came in fourth and he thinks that there needed to be more diversity in the first primary for Democrats. He came in fifth in New Hampshire.So he put out the word, he wanted to wait, and that's what they're doing. I've been here since 10 o'clock this morning. I would never know that it was an Election Day until you turn on the TV and see, oh, people are voting.He didn't say anything about it. They didn't say anything about it at the press briefing, and remarkably, just as you were coming to us, his team in Wilmington, the campaign team put out a statement. It has nothing to do with his successful write-in campaign in New Hampshire, his first win this cycle. Instead it's just about Trump.The campaign manager says: "Tonight's results confirmed Donald Trump has all but locked up the GOP nomination and the election denying, anti-freedom MAGA movement has completed its takeover of the Republican Party."Something else notable about President Biden's write-in campaign winning in New Hampshire. He's never won in New Hampshire before. He has tried when he's actually on the ballot so it turns out for him, the trick might have just been not being on the ballot asking people to write in and hope for the best because it worked.WATTERS: Right, when Joe Biden doesn't campaign, he wins. I mean, that's the strategy. Just don't campaign.DOOCY: That is exactly -- yes.WATTERS: And you always win.Peter, how many times was he heckled during the speech today did you say?DOOCY: Fourteen times.WATTERS: Fourteen. Fourteen. It sounds like a "Gutfeld!" show, but I mean, that's a lot. That's a lot of heckling.Peter, thank you.DOOCY: That is a lot, and at one point, he did say, this is going to take a while. They have this planned. And he was right.WATTERS: All right. Peter Doocy, thank you so much.Let's now go to Alexis McAdams who is live from Trump headquarters in Nashua, New Hampshire and the president should be taking the stage soon we are hearing.MCADAMS: Jesse, that's right, we're waiting for the former president get up on that stage behind me and so is this entire room.Every 10 minutes or so, I think it gets a little bit louder in here. People are going out to the bar getting drinks and it is a celebration here after the former president has done it again, Jesse, this time in New Hampshire.And earlier when I checked in with him on the ground. He thought he had it in the bag. He thought, hey, it might be a two-person race with Nikki Haley, but I'm not worried about her.And I just talked to Vivek Ramaswamy as you did, too, a short time ago, and he thinks it's time for Nikki Haley to drop out and get behind Donald Trump here.It says they're just wasting time and they need to focus on going after Joe Biden in the primary. But we'll hear from president, the former president there on that stage behind me.Senator Tim Scott is in the room. Vivek Ramaswamy, Byron Donalds, Marjorie Taylor Greene, Kari Lake. We'll see if they all go up there on that stage with him, but definitely a celebration here. A lot of people excited about what Trump did here in the Granite State -- Jesse.WATTERS: All right, Alexis, give us a little perspective in terms of the excitement level? How active is the open bar? Are corks popping? How do they interpret this margin of victory?MCADAMS: Well, they think this is a big win. I mean, it's still going obviously where all of these ballots are still being counted, but for it to be called at that time, people here that are Trump supporters are just so excited about it.I'm going to step out of the way just a tiny bit, if I can get off screen just so you can kind of see what the crowd looks like here on the ground. This is the area there where Trump will then take the stage and you can kind of see how the crowd is ebbing and flowing here, but people have definitely been coming in. And once it was called, more people started getting into the room.As for bottles popping, hey, I haven't heard him just yet, but I'll keep you posted on that. But definitely, a lot of people are happy here and waiting to see the former president -- Jesse.WATTERS: Well, I think I saw Corey Lewandowski behind you. So anything could happen at any time. You just have to prepare.MCADAMS: Right.WATTERS: Are people getting jazzed up about the whole VP deal? Because he's been trotting out his endorsers who he has forgiven, and people seem to be auditioning to a certain extent. Is the audience kind of feeling that anticipation for VP?MCADAMS: I mean, Vivek -- yes, Vivek Ramaswamy had a bunch of people, you know, cheering and excited to see him, and I asked Vivek, they are you going to be Trump's VP? How many times people have asked him that. He wouldn't answer, but he said he's excited to help the president in any way he can.But I do think people in the crowd want to see what these people are going to say. Right? They want to see Senator Tim Scott up on that stage. He was really excited last night and really trying to amp up the crowd here for President Trump. So we're probably going to see that again.But like, things change so quickly, right, in politics. It was only just days ago that these people were going after the former president. You know, he was going after them. People were making fun of him and back and forth. But people forget about it, right, when you drop out and endorse him, I guess. So we'll have to see how things play out on that stage.WATTERS: When Fox was airing the Nikki Haley speech, and she wasn't dropping out and she said she was going to go to possibly dozens of other states, did you sense a little animosity in the room?MCADAMS: I think people here have, you know, all agreed that if she didn't win here, New Hampshire, they don't think she's got the shot to go forward. But some things people were talking about here on the grounds, some voters were saying, well, she does have a lot of money, right, that's being been funneled into her campaign. She said that she has tightly watched that money and has the momentum to go into the next phase of this.We'll have to keep a close eye on how things go there. But yes, she made it very clear, right? She is not running for VP. She's not running for second place, and she's not going anywhere.WATTERS: All right. Thanks, Alexis.Let's bring in the closer.MCADAMS: Thanks.WATTERS: Fox News chief political analyst, Brit Hume.We talked the other day about the margin. What does this margin tell you, Brit Hume?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Jesse, I am right here. You don't have to shout.WATTERS: Come on. I'm a little excited about being in New Hampshire next to you. After being lectured, the fact that I had my tie sticking out of my jacket, I feel like I've really not have risen to the occasion, but I'm just going to forget about it.HUME: So what does this mean?WATTERS: What does this mean?HUME: Well the big question tonight I think was whether the margin, Trump was going to win. It was pretty -- if he hadn't, it would have been a staggering upset. But the question is whether the margin that Nikki Haley held would be sufficient to keep her going for a while, and I think it manifestly is.I mean, there were poles that had her down 11, one that had -- one poll had her down about 16 in recent days. So, you know, everything is about expectations at this stage and I think she remains alive and kicking in on the next place.WATTERS: So if she continues to play second, state after state after state, and everybody calls for her to drop out, what is her rationale just knocking off second, second, second place for the next month?HUME: Well, that could have a number of rounds. In 1980, George HW Bush came into New Hampshire, having beaten Ronald Reagan in Iowa, which Reagan basically skipped and he was the frontrunner, and he got beat badly here and he hung on in the race. He was careful about criticizing Reagan, but he did, to some extent. And in the end, he ended up on the ticket. So these are the kinds of things that can happen.And Haley, you're hearing a lot of unbelievably silly talk these days about how well Nikki Haley is appealing to people outside the party, appealing to all of these Independents, and they all appeal to her, well, she is really a liberal, that's all balderdash.She's not a liberal, she's not as conservative on some issues as some would like her to be, but she's a conservative. And if she does, in fact, appeal to Independents and others outside of the party, she could be helpful to whoever wins, which would presumably be Trump.WATTERS: When you say, Bush, the elder, worked his way onto that ticket with Reagan.HUME: He did.WATTERS: By staying in and having a little juice, I floated that idea with Kayleigh, to Karl Rove and Karl Rove pooh-poohed it in the way that Karl Rove does and said, Donald Trump would never have his hand forced like that.HUME: We'll see.WATTERS: We'll see.HUME: Well, the truth -- look, the Republicans are a minority party in this country, right? Now, they can win elections, and they do. But they need to be able to attract support from outside the ranks of the Republican Party and Donald Trump, while he's very strong within the Republican Party, is much weaker outside of it, and that's the reality that this season so far has shown.WATTERS: Are you telling me that Donald Trump in order to win this election against Joe Biden might need Nikki Haley on the ticket?HUME: Or a candidate who has the same attributes in the sense of the ability to pull in votes from outside the base of the Republican Party.WATTERS: Do we know who that person would be?HUME: Of course not.WATTERS: We don't know.HUME: Not at this stage.WATTERS: And you look at some of these polls, and it's obviously very emotional, and over half of Trump voters say if Nikki is the nominee, there is no way that they would ever stomach voting for her.HUME: That's now.WATTERS: That's emotion.HUME: Well, you want to win the election? No.WATTERS: I believe they do.HUME: So these people who are for Donald Trump with all his policies and Nikki Haley somehow wins the nomination. They're going to vote for Biden or not vote? I don't think so.WATTERS: All right. So I cannot believe on JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME, we are talking about Nikki Haley being on the ticket with Donald Trump. I think, maybe we're getting a little ahead of ourselves.HUME: I agree.WATTERS: I think we are, but --HUME: I am just saying that this thing --WATTERS: I blame Rove for it.HUME: Staying in when you can, if you can, if you can raise the money and keep going enlarges your profile within the party and in the country, it makes a case for the issue, position that you've taken. So there's lots of reasons to do it, even if you're not winning.WATTERS: And we expect the former president to take the stage at any second. If you were advising him, what would you tell them to say after a night like this?HUME: You come in, you claim victory, you thank everybody and you say all the good things, and then, you know if he were -- I think it would help him if he were gracious about her.I wouldn't bet anything I own that that's going to happen, but you know, he was gracious after winning so big in Iowa, he could afford to be gracious.She's giving him a run for his money that he didn't want. And you know, he wanted what happened tonight to be a blowout win for him that would blow her out of the race. I don't think that's happened. So I don't know how gracious he is willing to be.WATTERS: Okay. And he still has to take the fight to Joe Biden. He can also run the primary campaign at the same time, but keep everybody focused on defeating Joe Biden and stick to policy and be gracious that would be the recipe.HUME: Well, yes, but you know, you're a betting man. You bet that he would be?WATTERS: I'm not a betting man. I thought there was going to be a red wave and now look at me.All right --HUME: Well, you're still here.WATTERS: Well, I am still here, but you've scolded me for raising my voice. I didn't get the all-star panel level that I should have had around you. Brit Hume, thank you so much.I'll fix it.HUME: I've had times hanging down below your field now.WATTERS: Stay with Fox for our continuing coverage for the New Hampshire primary. Thank you so much.