BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Former President Donald Trump in New Hampshire. It is streaming live on foxnews.com. If you want check it out there. We wanted to dip in in New Hampshire as he arrived a little late. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. We'll see you tomorrow, busy week. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle still in Des Moines tonight. We're going to go straight to New Hampshire where there's big news from Vivek Ramaswamy and President Trump.TRUMP: -- let it happen. We cannot let it continue. We're going down and we cannot let it continue. Last night, I was honored to receive the endorsement of a man who has become a true leader, and earned the admiration of so many patriots. I've been a friend of his even though we were competing against each other. But I was a friend of his and we got along and he was saying, he's a great president. I kept saying, why is he running, he keeps calling me a great president.But he's a fantastic guy, a very smart guy. He's got some tremendous ideas and he's young, and he's got some young ideas too and that's a good thing. So he has a big, beautiful, bright future ahead, Vivek Ramaswamy. Come on up, Vivek.VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R) FORMER 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Let's do this, guys. It's good to see you. It's good to be back in New Hampshire. We miss you guys. We're going to make this happen. And you guys know this well, you know this man, you know why we're here, patriots across the state. We are in the middle of a war in this country. That's what this is. It's not a war between black and white, it's not between Democrat and Republican, even in a deeper sense. It's between the permanent state and the everyday citizen, between those of us who love the United States of America, and a fringe minority, who hates this country and what we stand for.And right now we need a commander-in-chief who will lead us to victory in this war. That's what we need in this country. You've got to know you're in a war to win one, you can't win one, if you're asleep at the switch, have your head stuck in the sand, like most Republicans, and I think that's going to require somebody who isn't bought and paid for, a businessman, not a politician. Anybody heard of that?And that's why I was in this race. But I'll tell you, the people of Iowa spoke loud and clear last night and I'm a big believer that we, the people create a government that is accountable to us, not the other way around, that we, the people choose who leads this country. And so we heard, we, the people last night, and that is why last evening, I met my friend here, we met in-person. And I told him that I would endorse Donald J. Trump for President of the United States, and do everything in my power to lead us to victory in this war.It is a 1776 moment right now. That's where we live right now. And you want to know, what does it mean to be a Republican today, it means we believe in the ideals of 1776. Ideals like freedom and merit and the pursuit of excellence that you get ahead in this country, not on the color of your skin, but on the content of your character and your contributions and affirmative action, end of DEI, we are done with the nonsense, send it back home.It means you believe in the rule of law and I say this as the kid of legal immigrants to this country, that means your first act of entering this country cannot break the law and that is why we need to use our military to secure our own southern border in this country. That's what it means to stand for the rule of law in the United States of America. It means the people we elect to run the government needs to be the ones who actually run the government, not the shadow government in the deep state that runs the show today.This man is going to get in there this time around and actually shut down that deep state, not messing around this time anymore. That's how we win this war in this country. And the way we're actually going to do this in the long run and win this, this time around is with elections, we need to secure in this country for the long run. You want to know what needs to happen in this country, single day voting on Election Day as a national holiday with paper ballots, government issued ID to match the voter file and English as the sole language that appears on a ballot and I'm confident this man will be the one to get us there.And so this is how we get our country back. Not black or white, it's deeper than that. These are the ideals of the American Revolution and you know what, we do have some enemies that we need to defeat on the other side, but we have challenges to address in our own party right here at home.So you know what, if you want somebody who's going to foist on, to use your social media account, you want to use a driver's license to do it, to have the right to use the internet. This man is not your man, there's another candidate in this race will do that for you. It's Nikki Haley.You want to send, you want to cut Social Security, you want to cut Medicare, you want to cut veteran's benefits, so we can fork over more money to Ukraine, so some kleptocrat can buy a bigger house, vote for Nikki Haley, not this man right here. But if you want to actually put an agenda that puts Americans first, to say that the moral obligation of your leaders is to the citizens of this country, not another one, there is not a better choice left in this race than this man right here. And that is why I am asking you to do the right thing as New Hampshire and to vote for Donald J. Trump as your next president.Because we're not working with a lot of time here. If our kids are in high school, before we get this right, we don't have a country left. That's what it means. We've been celebrating our diversity and our differences for so long that we forgot to all of the ways that we are the same as Americans bound by that common set of ideals that set this country into motion.We believe those ideals still exist. This man is going to be your next president to revive them. E pluribus unum, from many one, and you know how we're doing it, we're doing it by speaking the truth at every step of the way. There are two genders in this country. Period. That is the truth. Fossil fuels are a requirement for human prosperity, drill, frack, burn coal, embrace nuclear energy. Reverse racism is racism. An open border is not a border.Parents determine the education of their children. The nuclear family is the greatest form of governance known to mankind. Capitalism lifts us up from poverty. There are three branches of government in the United States, not four. And the U.S. constitution is the strongest and greatest guarantor of freedom in human history. That is the truth. We fight for the truth.INGRAHAM: Joining us now is Ari Fleischer, former White House Press Secretary, Fox News Contributor; and Chris Bedford, Senior Fellow at the Common Sense Society. Vivek was on fire there. Ari, this was an interesting moment up in New Hampshire, Vivek Ramaswamy was on the Angle last night and he's pledging to move on and no matter what happened in Iowa, he was going to go on to New Hampshire, but of course, he goes on in New Hampshire, to endorse Donald Trump. Thoughts, Ari.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I don't think Vivek knows how to say anything other than strongly. So whatever he does, he does it strongly, says it strongly, even if he says he's staying in, then he says he's staying out. He did both strongly.But I'm just not a believer that endorsements on the presidential level really mean a whole lot. I think it's fairly obvious if Vivek's followers, the people who voted for him the 8 percent in Iowa are going to be for Donald Trump. They don't need their candidate to say, be for Donald Trump, is just who they are. So endorsements are ballyhooed in politics. I think they're often overrated. But this was a logical moment for Vivek and a good moment for President Trump.INGRAHAM: And Chris, Vivek Ramaswamy is an interesting character because he, of course, he came out of nowhere, no one really knew who he was. He had written a book about kind of woke corporate America, he came from more of a Democrat tradition, got a Soros fellowship. And yet, he really was an articulate force for populist conservative ideals on the campaign trail. So does this matter? Does this give any boost of youth support to President Trump, every point counts?CHRIS BEDFORD, COMMON SENSE SOCIETY SENIOR FELLOW: Well, there was a lot of skepticism over Vivek, and there still is here at around DC. But I tell you, when I hear his ideas and the things he say -- he was saying on the debate stage, I thought it was pretty wild to see a major candidate for a major party speaking as honestly as he was. It's kind of thing that catapulted Trump to success in the first place.And I also notice that both for me and other journalists and reporters, that if you wrote an article or did an interview or you did a podcast with Vivek, it didn't matter really which outlet you did it on, they would explode online because the enthusiasm from him among this base of supporters that were very active in the online, what was real.Donald Trump in recent polls has actually been tying with Democrats for young men, 18 to 24, which is impressive for the Republicans of the modern era. And if someone like Vivek can help bring those people in, then that will be helpful to Trump in the long haul.INGRAHAM: Ari, I had enormous fun this morning. Forget trying to get out of Iowa. OK, that wasn't fun. But I had enormous fun of watching the reaction from the media to Trump's just unreal margin of victory last night, including over there on MSNBC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We can all sit here and put on sackcloth and ashes and moan about Donald Trump getting 51 percent of the vote. Got to say for people who actually want to win general elections, that's not good news.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait a second, Ari, winning by -- is it -- a historic margin, now that's a bad thing. OK.FLEISCHER: But you know, their analysis is so empty headed. They assume that the 49 percent, who did not vote for Donald Trump in Iowa will vote for somebody else. And that's just not the case, as we just pointed out, Vivek's followers are going to vote for Donald Trump. Significant portion of Ron DeSantis' followers, the majority are going to vote for Donald Trump.In fact, one of the secrets of New Hampshire is Nikki Haley says it's a two-person race. She actually wants it to be a three-person race, because if DeSantis dropped out, more than half his voters would go to Donald Trump. So Trump got 51 percent against those opponents, but if there were no opponents in there, Trump would have gotten probably 70 percent, if not higher.It's -- I just can't believe those people get paid to go on the air and say things that have no facts, no analysis, just to deceive the MSNBC viewers who are already deceived, because they're watching MSNBC.INGRAHAM: Yes, they're still thinking that next indictment, right, it's going to take down Trump. I mean, they've been hearing for years that as long as we get Trump legally, he's finished. OK, so if you're the regular viewer on MSNBC, you're just disappointed every day. Gentlemen, great to see both of you. Thanks so much.All right. And now I have to say this is a perfect follow on given Vivek's endorsement. This is my advice to the last three and that's the focus of tonight's Angle. And after what we witnessed in Iowa last night, it's time for everyone to start living in the real world. Now Donald Trump won the caucuses by historic margin, sorry, Joe Scarborough. Now despite being far out spent in advertising, despite the media onslaught against him, despite being indicted four times and having to split time between courtrooms, and the campaign trail, he did it.And at 77-years-old, he's the energizer candidate. So last night after giving his victory speech, he left Des Moines around 11 PM Central time. He flew back to New York, and then was in court again today. And then he flew to New Hampshire to do the event that you just saw.Now, look, unless something unthinkable happens, Donald Trump is going to be the nominee of the Republican Party. And the party is more unified now, but behind him and his policies than at any time since the Reagan years or maybe, maybe right after 9/11. Now this is not spin. It's the truth.If beating Joe Biden is really their goal, then it's time for some serious soul searching by Nikki Haley, and Ron DeSantis. Now let's start with DeSantis. He outperformed last night, he beat Nikki Haley's war chest, so he has a lot to be proud of as a candidate on the trail, he worked his butt off. And people forget how young he is. So with what three more years as Florida's governor, he can build an even greater track record of success in that very important state.So a future in the Republican party for him could be really bright. But he's simply not going to be president this time around. I know it's hard to hear, you worked really hard for it, it's not happening. Trump is simply too powerful and has endured too much. Voters aren't going to turn their backs on him at this point. And every day that Ron DeSantis stays on the campaign trail criticizing Trump is a day that hurts Ron DeSantis' political future. He doesn't gain anything from it, that's for sure. And Trump, he's not hurt by it at all.So it's time to step aside and endorse Trump, waiting for South Carolina, it's a colossal waste of time. It's a waste of money and frankly, it's a waste of your future political capital. And as for Nikki Haley. Well, my advice is this. Stop listening to your high price campaign consultants who are telling you what they think you want to hear. Now, I know these people, and I'm telling you, they fly around on their private planes on the money that they make from these candidates and they tell their clients to repeat silly lines. When she said this one, it was a silly line.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R) 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I can safely say tonight, I will make this Republican primary a two-person race.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now the numbers showed Haley getting about 19 percent of the caucus votes but what I wanted to say last night when I was on with Bret and Martha and I forgot in the excitement of the moment, was the real percentage of Republican support she received is even lower. Because at the three precinct caucuses that I attended, Democrats turned out in huge numbers to support her.One of the caucus, temporary chairs told me that it was about a half of the people in the caucuses where I was, were actually Democrats. So these people hate Trump, they want to stop him by any means necessary. And they know that Nikki Haley to them at least is the most similar to Biden in the Republican field on issues from DEI to trade and the border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HALEY: Let's keep in mind these people that are wanting to come here, they want to come for a better life too. They have kids too. They have a heart too.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, I'm not sure why Nikki Haley thought that getting endorsements from people like Chris Sununu, or Larry Hogan is going to help. You know, both are never Trump-ers, and neither are respected by grassroots Republicans. Period. End of story.So if she wants a future in the Republican Party, Haley needs to tune out the never Trump-ers, not embrace them. And then she needs to go to her donors and this will be a toughie and say to them this, look, the party has moved on, it's not 2003 anymore, and we have to move on with it. The only alternative for her at least, is to simply retreat from politics altogether. Because long after Trump retires, this is going to remain a conservative populist party. We're not going back.Look at the voter analysis survey that Fox did before the caucuses, it was amazing. Immigration remains the top issue, even here in Iowa. And on Ukraine, only 42 percent thought we should keep funding the war effort there. On foreign policy, in general, respondents were leaning far more toward the MAGA agenda than the old guard interventionist agenda. That was clear.So every day Nikki Haley spends on the campaign trail, beating the old establishment horse or criticizing Trump, she's just further destroying her chances of being an influential voice and Republican politics in the future. So if she dropped out today, if she came to terms of the fact that the GOP is a populist party, if she started vigorously campaigning for Trump, she could perhaps rebuild some of the trust that she's lost among the GOP base.I'm not saying this is going to be easy, maybe it won't even be possible. And it would take time, could maybe take years. But it's the only way. Now if all she wants to do for her future is to be invited to sit on corporate boards, or be a panelist at Davos every year, she can go the Liz Cheney, Adam Kinzinger route. Both are useful idiots for the Left and they're hated by the Right. Again, nothing personal. But Haley is going to be humiliated in her home state of South Carolina. Best to avoid that, just ask Jeb Bush.And finally, for President Trump. My advice is simple. You've run a very smart campaign, you never backed down. But now the focus should almost exclusively shift to the general election. To beat Biden, you're going to need 270 electoral votes. So I think a strategy of no state left behind should be your sole focus now. The numbers coming out of Georgia today were stunning, very encouraging.A new Atlanta Journal Constitution poll has trump up eight points on Biden, that is amazing. But look, we also know that Democrats are going to stop at nothing. They see this train coming down the track, and they want to derail it. And if they can, they're going to game the system or yes, maybe even cheat. After all, they say Trump is Hitler. So they have to stop him. They have to. So does the RNC or do outside groups have a Republican mail in ballot strategy? Do they have a get out the vote strategy that's going to be able to compete with the Biden turnout machine?Because I can tell you this that Jeffrey Katzenberg, Zuckerberg crew, they're going to be spending huge money again in urban and suburban areas to levitate the cadaverous Biden campaign to victory. This is the real challenge Donald Trump faces, along with the constant lawfare attacks to take him off the ballot.His Republican competition will be dropping out soon enough. Now we were in the audience, some of the Anglers at Trump's victory speech last night, and I couldn't help it notice, first of all, the fake media was in a bad mood behind us. It was -- we were howling, laughing. It was so funny, but he was pretty gracious about wanting to work with Democrats to clean up our great cities.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We're going to rebuild our cities and we'll work with the Democrats to do it. I'd be glad to work with the people in New York. We're going to work with the people in Chicago and LA, we're going to rebuild our cities. And we're going to make them safe. And we're going to give our police officers immunity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's what people want to hear, suburban women like hearing those kinds of things. So, do the young people. Keep it up. And Hispanics and working class African American voters, they don't support what's happening to this country. Few people really do. So keep making overtures to those groups. It's working.Campaigns are bubbles where fantasy stories of possible success are told to candidates like Asa Hutchinson and Chris Christie, neither ever had a chance, a snowball's chance in hell of winning. The consultants and the political hacks, they've made enough money over the years to give bad advice. It's time to follow the people. Their advice is a lot better and most of the Republican voters are saying one word, Trump. And that's the Angle.Up next, what the media's coverage of Trump last night really tells us and it's hysterical. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: At this point in the evening, the projected winner of the Iowa caucuses has just started giving his victory speech. We will keep an eye on that. There is a reason that we and other news organizations have generally stopped giving an unfiltered live platform to remarks by former President Trump. It is not out of spite; it is not a decision that we relish.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump declaring victory with a historically strong showing in the Iowa caucuses, relatively subdued speech as these things go so far, although here he is right now under, under my voice, you hear him repeating his anti-immigrant rhetoric.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Trying to silence the GOP frontrunner after he won the first major test of the 2024 election. OK, you can't make this up. This is from the pro-democracy crowd. So my question tonight is what happens in the general election? Are we only going to hear from Biden when they roll him out? Joining me now Victor Davis, Hanson, Hoover Institution Senior Fellow.Victor, I was in that room when Trump was speaking last night and if they bothered to listen to him, he was actually saying, I want to work with Democrats to save the cities. I'll work with anybody to save the cities; these are great cities. And they don't want to hear that. Because what does that do, Victor?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Well, you know, I think they think that the more they have the biased coverage, and the more they spread false news about Trump, they're like straws on the proverbial Trump camel back, they can finally just overwhelm him. But in fact, as we've seen in the last year or two, the opposite is true, the more they lie, and they do not apologize, and they do not correct the record. And the more they're found out, the less credibility they have, and the more popularity Donald Trump had in the primaries.And I think that's going to extend to the general election because they can't stop. They have a Trump fix. They're like an addict. And they know it's not helping them, but they can't stop it, because they're addicted to it. And so they're going to continue what you saw last night, all through the next year. And I think what little credibility they have left will be shot and it's going to help Donald Trump.I think we forget that without these media people, the whole January 6th armed insurrection or most of the lies about the origins of COVID and social distancing and masking or the circumstances of George Floyd's death and the rioting that happened, not to mention disinformation on the laptop or Russian collusion, all of that wouldn't have had any residents, they fabricated, constructed, exaggerated all of that. And yet, it didn't destroy Donald Trump. He's got the most amazing political comeback in American political history. And I think that's --INGRAHAM: How do you not cover this?HANSON: -- the news media is biased.INGRAHAM: Yes, but I again, they keep backing up and running faster into a brick wall, that kind of tiptoed toward the wall and they bumped their head, and they backed up, they went a little faster. Now they're running at full speed. And at some point, they're going to knock themselves out, Victor. And it just -- I mean, I don't know who they think is voting. I mean, these are real Americans who are really supporting Trump. So I guess it just confirms what everyone thinks that these people literally hate, despise the caucus voters -- goers in Iowa, they despise them because they're racist. They're too white. They're this or that. They hate them.HANSON: Well, they do. We'd grown out for a long time. I mean, look at the vocabulary, they've used, clingers from Obama and then chumps and drags from Biden, deplorables irredeemables. And lately, people like Chris Matthews have been warning us about the dangerous rural people. So they've always despised them, but now they have a new narrative that Trump is a dictator. He's going to have revenge, retribution that shows that they're really scared that nobody's listening to their lies anymore and they're afraid that's had -- it's counterproductive and now they're -- all they can say is Trump might get elected and he might do this and this.He might do what we would do if we were in his position and suffered from us. So, it's a projection and it reflects weakness not strength. I think they've had -- I don't think they have much credibility and they're losing the independent, they're losing minority voters and -- because of the lie and the falsity.INGRAHAM: All right, Victor, we appreciate it. Thank you so much. And coming up, a protester was physically removed from one of the caucus sites after doing this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: OK, how can a black man today stand here and talk to us about a racist?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The target of his attacks, Congressman Wesley Hunt, is here to tell us what really happened. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: When a prominent Trump surrogate rose to speak last night at one of the Iowa caucus sites, a great defender of democracy couldn't take it anymore.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We watched President Trump go through indictment after indictment, and witch hunt after witch hunt, he still stays loyal to this country. OK, how can a black man today stand here and talk to us about a racist? Okay, black man, today's man here in trouble, we got a great dance.(CROSSTALK)UNKNOWN: -- on Martin Luther King Day.(CROSSTALK)UNKNOWN: Take him out.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now is the man you just saw get rudely interrupted, Republican Congressman Wesley Hunt. Congressman, thanks for joining us. Are there any Democrats left in America who actually believe in free speech? And what are they exactly afraid of here?CONG. WESLEY HUNT (R-TX): Apparently not. You know, yesterday was Martin Luther King's birthday and I am a living, breathing manifestation of Martin Luther King's dream. I am a congressman in a white majority district that President Trump would have won by 25 points, and I won by 30 points in this district. And do you know why? Because I'm literally being judged, not by the color of my skin, but by the content of my character. And that drives the left absolutely crazy because they are constantly trying to divide this country based on racial and ideological lies.And President Trump has been very supportive of me for the past few years. That's why I was there for him to support him and give him my 100 percent backing, because what I know is that this is not about race, religion, color or creed. People want to get up in the morning, read some tweets, apply for a 2.5 percent mortgage rate and go on about their day being a happy, fun, loving American. And you know what? That's gone.And we know that President Trump can bring that back regardless of what you look like. That drives the left mad.INGRAHAM: What did you think of Joy Reid over at MSNBC? We don't have to play the sound bite, but she basically said this is all about racism and the fact that white evangelicals are the predominant force in the Republican Party in Iowa. That's why Trump had this big victory. And to that you say?HUNT: That is absolutely intellectually lazy. And as somebody that is a direct descendant of slave. My great, great grandfather was born on a plantation, and here I am standing before you today in Iowa, caucusing for President Trump, and you're going to try to call me racist?And by the way, that was a majority white crowd. I could really care less of what they looked like. We shared American ideals. We want our country back. We want a secure border. We want our economy back. We want to be able to live without hyperinflation. That is it. And those issues have no race, religion, color, or creed.And whenever you dog whistle in that way, and just assume that every Republican is racist, what are you going to say to somebody like me that will not only get elected this year, but as long as I want to run in this seat, I know that I'll have the support of the people of Resto District 38, and they don't care how I look.INGRAHAM: Yeah. I just want to get up and cheer. Congressman, I saw you for a blank last night, but it's good to have you on. Thanks so much for joining us. He survived. You survived. All right. All the liberal COVID dictates, that was just the beginning of what is the ultimate push for power and control by the left. I'm going to explain it. And who better to join us than Rand Paul, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: The establishment regularly wrings their hands, befuddled by the public's obvious and dramatic loss, loss of faith in America's once most respected institutions. Now invariably, they blame Donald Trump for sowing these seeds of doubt. His and his mega mastodons, all of those, they're the ones who poison the public's thinking about everything from the FBI to the CDC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I'm a politician, I know. I listen to the science. Wear a mask. Socially distance.If the unvaccinated get vaccinated, they will protect themselves and other unvaccinated people around them. If they do not, states with low vaccination rates may see those rates go up.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, these frauds all need to look in the mirror. They are solely to blame, because they're the ones who just made stuff up to scare people and to control people. Now, how many times did some annoying liberal woman chastise you at the grocery store checkout line or at the airport check-in counter? Social distancing, please. Remember that? Remember those annoying stickers? They're still there.Well, as the Angle told you back in 2020, these rules, rules about masks, rules about social distancing were not based in science at all. And now, years later, in testimony on Capitol Hill, Tony Fauci, the man responsible for it all, has begun admitting what we knew all along, that there was no data-driven evidence to support these rules.But we were supposed to blame Trump for all this? Those same fraudulent scare tactics are being used to mandate EVs. A lot of them are frozen here in Iowa this week. And of course, they want to outlaw gas stoves. You'll have to fight me for mine.And they want to push to ban meat, force you to eat grasshoppers. And of course, they want to ban natural grass lawns. Can't have those. The left wants to control you. They want to monitor you. And they want to chip away at your freedoms for your own good.Joining me now, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul. Senator, they've been telling us that democracy is in danger if Trump gets in. But how would you describe what they've been doing to us?SEN. RAND PAUL (R-KY): Well, you know, democracy is in danger because you realize, Laura, you can't have democracy unless it's filtered through Rachel Maddow. We can't let Donald Trump speak directly to the people. By all means, democracy will only survive if she is channeled -- if he is channeled and filtered by Rachel Maddow.I mean, to listen to the ridiculous nature of these people, who every day blather on about democracy's going to be defeated, we're going to lose democracy, and then the next breath they come out and say, but we must ban Donald Trump from being on the ballot because, God forbid, the American people, we cannot let them have a choice and let them vote for him.So, it is a bizarre notion. And they have these convoluted ways of saying, well, we need an electoral process for supporting democracy which involves sometimes limiting people who are against democracy from being on the ballot. They really are so addled they can't even really conceive of how ludicrous the things they're saying.INGRAHAM: Now, Senator, we discussed the fake social distancing rules that were put into place. They were everywhere. There were tyrants running around, you know, wagging fingers and yelling at people. And Tony Fauci essentially admitting that was just based in nothing. What should the consequences be for him, for all of the COVID fraud that was perpetrated on the American people?PAUL: Everything they blamed the right on, vaccine hesitancy, not trusting government officials, the loss of trust in government, I told them over and over again, and I still continue to tell them, it is at their feet. It's not those of us who said, well, maybe we should examine individually whether older people might benefit from the vaccine versus younger people who might not need it, or whether or not people who've already been infected may not need to be vaccinated again, or maybe people don't need three or four vaccines if they've already been infected. None of these questions were ever answered.But the more they came out with things that weren't believable, like that your six-month-old needs three vaccines, or your 12-year-old needs three vaccines, even if they've had COVID, and that none of the studies included the variable of whether you have had COVID.So, they would do these large studies and compare booster to no booster, and they couldn't show that it stopped transmission, because it doesn't. And for kids and teenagers and young people, they couldn't show that it reduced hospitalization or death because it didn't, because these kids were rarely going to the hospital.So, then they came up with, they said, well, if we vaccinate your kids three times, they make antibodies.INGRAHAM: But Rand --(CROSSTALK)PAUL: I mean, it wasn't proof of anything.INGRAHAM: Yeah, Senator, it was all -- yeah, Senator, they were lying. And the lying had real consequences for children, their mental health, their education, for business, for our faith, not being able to go to houses of worship? I mean, that's fundamental American freedoms.And I'll ask you again, what should the consequences be for Anthony Fauci?PAUL: Jail. You know, I've sent two referrals to the Department of Justice. I think he lied to Congress, which is a felony. You know, several folks from the Trump administration were accused of lying to Congress and carted off to jail with FBI agents all over their property, you know, yanking them out of their house early in the morning. But we have two tiers of justice here. It depends on whether you were a supporter of Donald Trump or you're a supporter of big government, you know, the centralized government.But Anthony Fauci did lie to Congress. We know that from his own words, not because I say he lies, but his private emails say he was lying. Virtually everything he said in private contradicted what he was saying in public. And he was fairly honest in private. In private, he said masks don't work. In public, he wore three masks. In private, he admitted that there was such a thing as natural immunity gained from getting the infection. In public, he was like, oh, you know, we're not going to measure that. It's unpredictable.INGRAHAM: On our show he said that several times. So, I kept trying to push him on natural immunity. And he said, oh, no, that's not really a thing. All right, Senator, you've been fantastic on this. Thanks so much.All right, when we come back, you've heard about this tragic situation with migrants drowning crossing the Rio Grande. Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick from Texas will be with us. Whose fault is this? Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This is what Greg Abbott wants. I mean, he's been talking about how Texas has done everything except shoot these migrants, and it almost sounded as though he was lamenting them, so he let them drowned.UNKNOWN: This one's on the governor. His troopers, his forces are preventing federal officials, law enforcement from saving a life.UNKNOWN: We are becoming numb to the plight of people.UNKNOWN: Where is your humanity?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Where's the humanity? Sweetheart, how about where are your facts? Biden's DOJ and MSNBC blaming Texas for the tragic deaths of three migrants crossing the Rio Grande after the state blocked border patrol from coming into one area. But the DOJ's own filing cuts against the narrative.It reads, January 12th at 9 P.M., Mexican officials advised border patrol of two migrant in distress. Mexican officials also informed border patrol that three migrants had drowned at approximately 8 P.M. in the same area. So, according to their own account, it happened an hour after anyone was alerted to it. But it's still Texas' fault.Joining me now, someone who has something to say about this, Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick. Dan, this administration has been giving a green light to the cartels and to migrants from across the globe to come. Untold number of deaths, tragedies, but now it's essentially your guys' fault.DAN PATRICK (R), TEXAS LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR: Yeah, just one lie, Laura, after a lie, after a lie. First of all, as you noted, those bodies were already past the park when those border patrol showed up. Number one. Number two, we have our military stationed along that area. Had anyone been struggling, they would have gone in to save them.Just one month ago, the FBI came down with a civil rights report that we somehow, or another, were taking our boats on the Rio Grande and running over people. They came and looked at the video all night long. No, what was happening? We were in the boats saving people. The FBI apologized the next day.Remember, go back a year, couple of years ago, we were whipping people, remember that? It's been a lie after lie after lie. Every person that drowns in the river, every woman, every child, every man, and every woman who's raped coming across here, it's at the hands of Joe Biden. He's telling you to go in. I don't care if you swim or not. Go ahead. If you drown and they can't save you, so what? Joe Biden has a cold heart. He doesn't care who dies across that river.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, the migrants are collateral damage to the left. They don't care that there's child labor, migrant labor being exploited across the United States. Lord knows how many of those young people have died or been brutalized. They don't care. New York Times even did a expose on that, Mr. Attorney General.But, again, it's their collateral debt. The American people are collateral damage, the workers in this country collateral damage, and the migrants themselves are collateral damage for their ultimate goal of what, Dan? What do they really want?PATRICK: Their ultimate goal is millions, eight million have come in so far or more. They want to register them to vote and their children to vote at one time in the future, thinking they're playing the long game that they will be able to take over America with these people. That's their long-term goal and they don't care who died.Look, we've lost a national guardsman who drowned in the river trying to save someone. I'm sick and tired of these lies. That's why Donald Trump won handily last night. What was the number one issue? It was the border. The people now know we need to build the wall. We need that concertina wire. We need those boys in the river. And we can close that border down on day one that Donald Trump becomes the next president, which I believe he will.This is the number one issue for red states and blue states, Laura. Even the blue state mayors know what a disaster this is. And to show you how cold-hearted Biden is, he doesn't even care if the Democrats are crying for help. He doesn't care. He's a puppet. The masters are saying, this is what you should do, Mr. President, get these people in this country so we can take over this country 15, 20 years from now. That's what it's all about. Whoever dies, so be.INGRAHAM: Well, yeah, collateral damage. Dan, thank you, as always. All right, that is it for us tonight. We'll be back in Washington tomorrow. It was a fun day. I'll tell you about it later. Up next, Jesse Watters.