MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS HOST: How about in the Black communities? How is education going where they're standing in the schoolhouse door to prevent little Black kids from going to other schools, better schools that other kids are going to because they oppose school choice?If you support all of that, well Joe Biden is your man. God bless you.I'll see you tomorrow night on "Life, Liberty & Levin."BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: Hi, everyone. I'm Brian Kilmeade. This is ONE NATION and I'm so glad you're watching.Look at some of the guests we have and we're bragging just a little bit. Dave Rubin has got some exclusive video you're not going to believe from the airport.Joe Concha will make sense with the News Duel and Piers Morgan on the view of President Trump overseas in his possible re-election.But first, this: The biggest story of the week is Iowa, right? It's going to be -- next week, it is going to be New Hampshire. Right now, it is Iowa.And as impressed as I am with the numbers that former President Donald Trump put up, winning in a way no other Republican has done before, it is impressive, a record margin.The truth of the matter is, it's just one contest, just one state with 50,000 votes. Why is everyone getting so excited? Oh, don't get me wrong. It really is a relief to finally have something to talk about, results instead of predictions.But with only one state under our belts. I'm not sure yet that only 50,000 voters secures the nomination. The first primary is still days away.Nikki Haley thinks she can take New Hampshire. Ron DeSantis says meet me in South Carolina. So why are people acting like this is a done deal? Why are they talking about the VP stakes of candidates and it's still only January? And why has the Democratic Party already entered this phase of hysteria?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHELLE OBAMA, FORMER FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: What's going to happen in this next election? I am terrified about what could possibly happen because our leaders matter.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": Are you scared, first of all, what could happen if Trump ever became, God forbid, president again? And what are you going to do to stop the crazies?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I am scared as heck. We should all be scared.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I forgot "The View" was still on.This phase of the election cycle with Trump at the top reminds me a little of the 1985 Bears. Oftentimes, they will go to the halftime leading 14 nothing, hardly insurmountable. Except, if you were actually watching the game. They had the best defense in NFL history, and when they scored, you essentially lost that game.Just like those 85 Bears, the problem here isn't the score, it is the momentum. That feeling that the team with the points already on the board is just too good to lose, too impossible to score on. Do you get the sports analogy?Well, for my next guest, I'm going to have to put it in soccer terms. This is the only thing he understands.It's like this. You have a club that's winning two nothing at halftime, but you've been watching the game and you know that the other team had no shots on goal, couldn't get a pass midfield. You know the outcome is basically fait accompli.I did that soccer analogy because I could, and because Piers Morgan could understand it. He is the same Piers Morgan who hosts "Uncensored," the wildly popular series, and I see you in person. Piers, welcome.PIERS MORGAN, FOX NATION HOST: Good to see you.If I'd known it was dressed down Friday, I wouldn't have worn the tie.KILMEADE: Well, it is just a little open, just to show people --MORGAN: You know, okay.KILMEADE: To show people my chest development.MORGAN: It looks like English elegance against rough and tumble.KILMEADE: Already, you're going on the offensive. It's amazing.So Piers, your view overseas of an Iowa caucus, you have a true understanding of our election system.MORGAN: Well, how many votes did Donald Trump lose the last national election by?KILMEADE: He lost the last election was by seven million votes, but 45,000 in key states.MORGAN: Okay. And how many votes were you talking about in Iowa? Fifty thousand?KILMEADE: Fifty thousand.MORGAN: So you talk about it being a small number. Actually, small numbers decide a lot of things in American politics. I think what was significant was the margin of the victory, and when you compare it to how Trump had done in Iowa before.In 2016, he didn't even win in Iowa. This time, he doesn't just win, it is a thumping landslide victory. If he wins in New Hampshire and South Carolina, it's over, and I think he will.And if he does that, it is one of the great comebacks in political history. And I wrote a column for "The Sun" in London this week likening it to when Sinatra was thrown to the wolves in the late 40s, thought his career was over, all done and dusted. And then boom, he comes back from here to eternity.He wins an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, and his career becomes one of the most iconic in the history of American celebrity showbusiness.Donald Trump is on the verge of pulling off a similar comeback, because I think if it's Trump v. Biden, I think right now, I'm looking at all the polling for Biden, looking at the state of him, unable to basically string a sentence together or walk in a straight line without falling over. My money would be on Donald Trump to win.And if he gets back in the White House, it is the greatest comeback in American political history.KILMEADE: Two things are changed. You know, people say, he is 77, nothing is going to change.Well, one thing he did, he set up a great team. They wired that place in Iowa. They had their caucus captains --MORGAN: The ground game was sensational.KILMEADE: He didn't have that last time and either election with the White House; and number two, I'm seeing a change, too, and that is he's not talking about 2020.We discussed this before.MORGAN: I told him to stop doing itKILMEADE: Right. But everyone has, but now I think he believes it. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What happened, you know, we get the most votes of any sitting president in history and then somebody else takes over and they take a look at what we had versus what they have now and the difference is so stark, it's so massive. It's so different.The country is a different place.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: You know, he got more votes, 74 million than any Republican ever, but he lost. He didn't say I lost. He didn't have to. He looked ahead. We've got more votes.MORGAN: Finally, he doesn't bang on about stolen election, rigged election from 2020. Nobody cares. I said to him to his face. Listen, Mr. President, if you keep looking back, you don't have a chance of winning back the White House. If you look forward, if you present a compelling argument on why you can fix what you believe the problem is to be in the country.And I think one of his reasons for his triumph in Iowa is as JPMorgan's boss, Jamie Dimon said, if you cut through all the rhetoric and the chaos, and you get to actually why people want to vote for Trump this time around, it is because of things like the economy, immigration, and foreign policy - - real substantive stuff.If he focuses on that, I think he's going to almost certainly win the nomination and probably win the general election.KILMEADE: But yet he still has to fight the headwinds. Listen to how the media handled his victory.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Here he is right now under -- under my voice. You hear him repeating his anti-immigrant rhetoric.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: There is a cost to us as a news organization of knowingly broadcasting untrue things. That is a fundamental truth of our business and who we are, and so his remarks tonight will not air here live.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: You know, some of his remarks were about Nikki and Ron doing a great race. You know, they had fun.MORGAN: I am sorry, Rachel Maddow banging on about disinformation and how damaging it would be to MSNBC. Didn't she lead the charge on Russia collusion?KILMEADE: Two-and-a-half years?MORGAN: Right. I watched that night after night. I would tune in, not for very long and hear Russia collusion, Russia collusion on MSNBC, my former bosses at CNN. And it turned out to be complete nonsense. A massive nothing burger.KILMEADE: No apology. No acknowledgement.MORGAN: Nothing. But now they have the brass neck to say we can't possibly show Trump's victory speech because he might spew disinformation.Well, what about your own backyard?KILMEADE: Piers, I'll bring up something else to further the analogy. The longest time they said the president was an illegitimate president. He didn't really win the election. That was okay then, but it's not okay now.I'm curious to see the world reaction, and one of the things I have heard is not everyone is thrilled by this. I want you to see what some world leaders are saying.The MI6 head, Sir Richard Dearlove saying: "For the UK national security, Trump is problematic."The Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau says: "Trump wasn't easy the first time and if there is a second time, it won't be easier either."Those two, and the third one the Argentinian president actually sounds a lot like Trump, when he talked about the need to go back to capitalism, get away from socialism, your thoughts on the world reaction for the possibility.MORGAN: Well, they are all very -- right -- so they are all very different. I think if you take Trudeau for example, he bangs on about Trump being a fascist when he is the number one woke fascist in the world. Right? The most woke human being alive. And I think --KILMEADE: He's destroying that country.MORGAN: I saw a poll last week that said more young Canadians would vote for Trump than vote for Trudeau -- not like they are in the same election, but they would if they could.I think in Dearlove's case, he was a former head of MI6. This is the spies which basically deal with the foreign stage. He was making the point, which is a valid one, that Trump's rhetoric about NATO can be on the face of it problematic because I think he's been misinterpreted.He wanted people to pay their dues for NATO. He didn't see why America provided all the firepower, but also provided the vast majority of the money.And he said at the very least, the other countries in NATO should pay what they're supposed to pay. Well, guess what? They now pay what they're supposed to pay. I think almost all of them now have come up to where they should be on what they paid. That's a big win for Donald Trump. And he was right, and I said so at the time.But it's whether he wants to dismantle NATO altogether. If he does, that would be a big mistake. NATO is a strong, powerful entity and never has it been more important than right now with Vladimir Putin on the march; with China, looking like the saber rattling over Taiwan and so on.We need to have a strong concerted NATO, but Trump was right about how that gets financed. America was basically having the others say, you take the brunt of all the military side and the economic side. Not fair.KILMEADE: Now, last time you were with President Trump, a little explosive. Do you expect a sequel?MORGAN: If he's watching. Mr. President, I would love to have a sequel. I've interviewed him, I don't know, 40 times. We've had some good ones. We've had some fractious ones.The last one got fractious, because I kept saying to him, stop going on about 2020. It looks to me like although he got angry in the moment, Mr. President, he believed me, and he has now twisted his campaign to listen to his friend, Piers from across the pond in which case, very sensible.KILMEADE: Right. You know what he does? He talks to you. Unlike this president, he will sit down and talk to people that disagree with him and made it much more interesting. But we have a president who doesn't want to do a role playing right now.MORGAN: Well, I mean, how many big interviews has Joe Biden done? I mean, literally on one hand, and none of them with what I would call his enemy, right? Has he appeared on Fox? No. And I think that's cowardly. He should.KILMEADE: In rehearsal, you would end this segment by saying, "Great to see you again, Brian. I always love doing your show." Do you want to say that again.MORGAN: It's never good to see you again. I do it as a favor to get you good ratings. You know that, I know that. I even wear a necktie because I take you more seriously than you take yourself.It's a pathetic spectacle, frankly, to turn up and find you looking like some guy off the street. But you know what, I do it, because I want to help you.KILMEADE: Thank you, Piers.So what are the tactics to take on Trump as he holds a wide lead in New Hampshire three days before the primary? Some of our best co-hosts, some of the nicest guys you'll ever meet are about to join us on the set.They are of course, going by the name, this is their show business names, Sean Duffy from "The Bottom Line" and Harold Ford, Jr. from "The Five."Guys, welcome.SEAN DUFFY, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST: Hey, Brian, good to see you.KILMEADE: Appreciate you being here.HAROLD FORD, JR. FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good seeing you, brother.KILMEADE: All right. So first off, as we start this: Donald Trump is not too pleased that Independents and Democrats could decide to join the New Hampshire primary.DUFFY: Right. And that is the secret, right? So Nikki Haley has to get as many of those Democrats and moderate liberal left leaning Republicans to the ballot box, but even in the polling, and those have been calculated in the polling, Trump is still up by 15 points.I don't think it's going to get her over the edge, but if she can get within a single digit margin of Trump, it's a big deal for her.KILMEADE: Harold, what's at stake for her? What does she have to have to live through South Carolina?FORD: She needs a strong performance. I think Sean is right.KILMEADE: Win?FORD: Well, winning would be preferable. I think -- I even think getting close to him, you've got to be within the margin of error for it to really be thought of as something, and then Trump will counter, these are Democrats that are involved in this.But Democrats have always been allowed to participate as long as they registered. And the same is true on the other side. So I think the polls have been pretty accurate here that this season, in this primary caucus season. Hey, the former president looks like he's up 15 to 20 points.If he wins this big, I think two things happen. We saw the endorsement of Tim Scott. Does Nikki Haley get out of this race right away and the general election start? We've all been predicting this to be the longest general election in the history of the country. I think we're heading towards that, more than anywhere else.Donald Trump, whatever you think about him. He is not my cup of tea for politics, but I love the business and respect the business of politics. He reminds me of that character in the movie, "Jason Bourne" played by Matt Damon. You just don't know what he's going to do. You don't know how he's going to do it, but you know, he's going to get it done. And he's unpredictable in how he does it.He could win this thing by 20 points in New Hampshire, and at that point, I definitely think that the Republican voters have spoken and they're ready for a rematch between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.DUFFY: And I disagree with that. I think it's going to go through South Carolina.FORD: I do.DUFFY: I do.FORD: You think if she loses badly --KILMEADE: Governor DeSantis is there. I mean, he's not -- he says --DUFFY: And spending money there. So listen, they're both going to go to South Carolina and I think after South Carolina, Trump has, you know, three 50-percent plus wins, then it is over. We're not going to Super Tuesday.KILMEADE: Why does it matter? Could Trump just keep the -- you know, keep his primary muscles rolling through Super Tuesday competing? Is there a downside to this thing dragging out?DUFFY: Listen, I don't think it helps Trump and I don't think it helps Nikki Haley or Ron DeSantis. They want to come back in some future election. They don't want to alienate the Republican base.KILMEADE: How you lose matters.DUFFY: How you lose matters, but by the way, they're still thinking, if Donald Trump is convicted, if there's still legal complication for Donald Trump, six percent of the electorate have said that could be an issue for me, so they still hold out hope, if Trump doesn't make it, they could be the person. That's not going to happen, but that's their hope.FORD: But they can stay -- if they suspend their campaigns, that legally allows them to reenter.DUFFY: Pick them back up.FORD: If they still have -- but my only point is this. I don't disagree with you one bit. But I do think if he's a 15 to 20-point winner, Tim Scott has endorsed Donald Trump, the South Carolina senator. I just think it's hard --KILMEADE: And the governor, the sitting governor has endorsed him.FORD: For a long time. I just think it's hard. I just think it's hard if you're Nikki Haley to say, and this is no disrespect to her. I like Nikki Haley. I think she was a solid governor and equally solid.KILMEADE: I think she's a great candidate.FORD: And I've met her here in the halls at the at the network over the years. But you think about you may not want to get out of the race. I'm going to talk about you, a candidate. But when you start running out of money, guess what? You have to get out of the race.So you have a couple of weeks between New Hampshire and South Carolina. She could very well -- the money may dry up and if that happens, I think that we find ourselves --DUFFY: I don't know if you know this, but sometimes the money's not coming in as quickly, however you want to preserve some of the money that you have and not waste it for a future race.KILMEADE: Even Cuomo has --DUFFY: Yes, exactly.FORD: I mean, that Kilmeade for Senate race, you still have money from that race.KILMEADE: That was a secret I told you before the show, and that is going to be my future. Let's be honest.Congressman, I wanted to have you lead this one. The Democrats rigging the game again. Dean Phillips is trying to get on the ballot. He can't get in any primary. Everyone's working against him. He is frustrated.As you know, he's a self-made multimillionaire, maybe a billionaire. And he votes with Biden 95 percent of the time, and he can't get a clean -- he can't get on the ballot. Listen to him talking about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DEAN PHILLIPS (D-MN): There's a delusion right now amongst my friends in the Democratic Party that somehow President Biden is re-electable, and the truth is he's not. I think President Trump is a lot stronger.The sad thing is it's not a level playing field. And I guarantee you, if it was, if the Democratic Party actually practiced what it preaches, we would be in a very different place now and I just have to work harder.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Harold, the last time you guys actually fought it out legitimately was Obama-Hillary Clinton. What's going on here?FORD: No. Democrats fought it out. Biden had to fight it out in '16. No, he had to fight it out. Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders, he came from behind.I mean, he was -- South Carolina. Remember it was --KILMEADE: But let me change it to this question. Right now, the fact that he's locked --FORD: So I agree with it. I think that -- I think that ballot access should be much easier all around the country for every candidate, for even third parties, and for that matter, Republican and Democratic Parties. If he is having those kinds of issues, that shouldn't be the case.Now to his candidacy itself. I saw a commercial that he was running in New Hampshire where he had some Big Foot kind of thing happening in a commercial. I think if you're going to challenge the incumbent president in your own party, you've got to be serious.I don't know Dean Phillips. People who do know him, friends of mine say they think he's a thoughtful and serious guy. If you gave me airtime on Fox News, and I was running for president, I wouldn't be whining. I'd be out saying here's why I'm running for president. Here's what I'm going to do differently.But let me be clear, they should allow him on the ballot.DUFFY: Of course. That's right. So he's not going to beat Joe Biden in a Democratic primary. That's not going to happen. So what are Democrats afraid? Of course, you can get on the ballot. Let's make it easier for him to get on.We're going to have this contest. We're going to support democracy and in the end, Joe Biden will be the nominee. And by the way, Dean Phillips doesn't think he is going to win. Dean Phillips wants to run for the Senate in Minnesota.KILMEADE: I am not going to Iowa. I'm not going to do New Hampshire. I'm going to ignore both of your states. I am going to start in South Carolina. I can't believe the way they rewrite the rules for their own people.DUFFY: By the way, New Hampshire is a swing state and the DNC is going after Democrats in New Hampshire. You need those votes.FORD: But in fairness, each party that's in power does this.President Trump did this for years. So this happens. I am saying it wrong.DUFFY: He didn't skip Iowa. He didn't skip Iowa.FORD: I'm saying it is wrong. No, but they make it harder for candidates to come about. They should make it easier.DUFFY: I agree.KILMEADE: I think this is a team I would not be surprised you two some of the state shows.FORD: I'm sorry about revealing the Senator Kilmeade campaign.KILMEADE: Yes, that hurts. You never can come back again.DUFFY: It might be the Republican-Democrat ticket here.KILMEADE: It might be. Absolutely. Yes. Let's see if you can actually get along. I might disagree with them.Still to come on this show, influencers are targeting your kids, peddling dangerous products and they're getting better at it. You will find out.We'll unwind it when we come back.But first, it would make it easier to get through the airport security if you're an illegal alien. That's when actually citizens of the United States gets stuck. But guess what, if you just have a card and snuck in illegally, you float right through. We'll give you the details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hello, everybody. American Airlines take [bleep].UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Go away.[Bleep].UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get off of him.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Stop it.[Bleep].UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.TIFFANY GOMAS, THE PLANE LADY: But I am telling your right now, that mother [bleep], that mother [bleep] back there is not real.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: All right. Everybody's going crazy. Passengers are having a complete meltdown more and more at airports because flying has gotten so bad. But get this, illegal migrants are getting a free pass.My next guest exclusively captured a TSA notice at Miami International Airport. He was a stunned as you're about to be where migrants who don't have IDs can get through security. And they can even say no to having their photo taken. You can't.The sign reading this: "Photo capture is voluntary. You may decline to have your photo taken if you notify TSA officer, CBP, CBP One only verifies the information you previously provided to the CBP and we will not store your information."My next guest says this is a plan to destroy America. And this is the picture you took and we were just sharing the screen with it. Dave Rubin, host of "The Rubin Report," creator of Locals. Great to see you.DAVE RUBIN, HOST, "THE RUBIN REPORT": It's good to be with you, Brian.I was flying to see you and Gutfeld tonight to --KILMEADE: In that order, please.RUBIN: In that order, obviously, and the funny thing is, I don't know how long that picture has been up. I don't know how many people have walked by it.You know, you go to the airport. There are signs up everywhere about all sorts of stuff and everyone kind of ignores everything and the line was going slow. And I happened to look at it and then immediately I thought this is absolutely insane.And I was on the pre-TSA line. So somehow they're letting the migrants go through the pre-TSA line, which by the way they did make me take my shoes off for and take my sweatshirt off for and I'm fairly certain that to get on a plane as an American citizen, you need an ID.So nothing -- nothing surprises me at this point. And yes, I do believe at this point, it is a plan to destroy America. This is not unintentional at this point.KILMEADE: But do you think -- destroy America?RUBIN: Well --KILMEADE: A bunch of people you don't know, millions of people you don't know, and let them go anywhere they want.RUBIN: Yes. I would say in essence that would destroy America. You know, we are a nation of laws. I mean, to loosely quote Trump, you either have a country or you don't.So if you just let people in with good intentions or not, I mean, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. If you let these people in, and we don't know what their beliefs are, we don't know why is it that so many of them seem like they're about 25 to 35 men.You know, when you're fleeing a war, you're usually bringing the women and children. Where are all the pictures of Ellis Island? Our ancestors.KILMEADE: Absolutely.RUBIN: . that came with one bag and you know nothing else? We're seeing fighting age men come here, and they're giving privileges that our own citizens don't have.KILMEADE: And the response online has been off the charts. Here's what TSA's statement was to Fox News: "It is used by TSA to initiate a thorough, multi-source identification verification process, culminating with enhanced screening at the checkpoints before an individual is allowed to a secure area of an airport. Any non-citizen who pose a threat to the public safety and national security is detained by DHS or turned over to another agency for investigation or prosecution. Any individual who pose a public security threat is not permitted by the TSA into the secure area of any airport."RUBIN: I mean, that's incredible doublespeak there. Anyone who poses a threat? Well, how do we know if they pose a threat?KILMEADE: Not a threat.RUBIN: And you're telling me that those agents right there, they're going to actually surmise whether that person is causing a threat or is potentially going to cause a threat? It's complete nonsense.Why would you leave it up to the migrant, they call them -- why would you leave it up to the migrant to decide whether they should have their picture taken or not?When I go pre-TSA, you know, you not only show them your ID, but they take a digital picture of you right there. Why are they getting -- it is not even privileges exactly -- why are they getting -- allowed out of the system while we are all being put into the system?KILMEADE: And you're not only outraged, Dave Rubin, so are the people that follow you. I mean, what kind of response did you get online?RUBIN: Well, I had a feeling it was going to kind of takeoff, but it really -- I mean, senators were tweeting it out and it has obviously been covered on Fox and all the networks.But again, I don't know how many other people walked by that sign every day and just don't bother reading it. It's not like I was out there doing, you know, private investigative work. I'm just a citizen, just like you are, who was going to jump on a plane to come here and see you and Greg and I saw that and put it up there.And I think that's also part of the problem. You know, so many things are happening at once and every day, you're seeing the flood of migrants come in, and people can't even absorb the level of craziness that we're dealing with in the country right now.So you walk by. You just see a sign, you don't bother reading it, but all I did was shine a little light on it. That's it.KILMEADE: And that's it. You do have that touch.RUBIN: I suppose.KILMEADE: You got the touch. You worked with Jordan Peterson for a while.RUBIN: Yes.KILMEADE: So Jordan Peterson evidently, he is wrestling -- having a wrestling match with Canadian authorities who are trying to take his psychiatric license away, because they don't like the way he handles social media.RUBIN: They don't like the way he tweets. He's a mean tweeter.KILMEADE: So they want him to do mandatory social media training in order to retain his license and he lost his appeal, but he came out with this tweet: "Congratulations, Ontario. You won that round. Mark my words, however, the war has barely been started. There is nothing you can take from me that I am unwilling to lose."RUBIN: They have picked the fight with the wrong guy. You know, Jordan Peterson, so he was a practicing clinical psychologist years ago. That was his original job. Then he was of course a professor at Harvard and now author and speaker, and you know, the things that we all know him for traveling the world and getting people to stand up straight with your shoulders back and everything else.The idea that they are going to take away his clinician license, whether he wants to be in practice or not is irrelevant at this point, that they're saying you cannot be in practice because we don't like the way you tweet.KILMEADE: Calling it alarmism. He was saying the transgender ideology, they didn't like that. The Canadian government didn't like that he was doing this.RUBIN: Well, he is also using the expertise that he has gained as a clinician to talk about the issue of trans identity.KILMEADE: Right.RUBIN: I mean, that's the thing.Now you may not like some once in a while if he tweets something that feels maybe a little bit overboard, this or that, and everything, but I believe although they don't have the First Amendment, they do have some level of free speech in Canada and he will not stop fighting them. He will not stop.If he has to leave Canada altogether to strengthen the fight, he will do that.KILMEADE: You know him.RUBIN: Yes. They will not win this fight. Trudeau will not beat Jordan Peterson, I promise you that, Brian.KILMEADE: And I will say this, Dave. The other thing is, I'm having less and less respect for the Canadian government. Between that and the truckers, the more I find out, the less I like.but I always love having you and thanks so much.Still to come, developments on these allegations against Georgia district attorney, Fani Willis. Keep it right here for the latest because it will affect Donald Trump directly.And next, the dark side of the digital world. We will have insights into how kids are being targeted by influencers in a way you wouldn't expect. They're getting better and better at it.And please come see me tomorrow. There are some tickets available at two o'clock local time, three o'clock Eastern time. The Teddy and Booker T. tour talking about all my books -- patriotic, motivational, inspirational, and it's also going to be streamed live on Fox Nation. Dave is so jealous. Here's a sneak peek at past shows.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Please welcome to the stage, Brian Kilmeade.KILMEADE: Other countries might have longer histories, but they don't have better histories.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you prepared to give your life for a new country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your fault.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have to come see Brian's show.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's absolutely --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Fabulous.KILMEADE: That is your country. That is your story.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JACKIE IBANEZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live" on this Saturday night. I'm Jackie Ibanez in New York.With just days to go before the New Hampshire primary, Republican presidential hopefuls are making a final push to gain voter support.A new tracking poll shows former President Donald Trump maintains a double- digit lead over his rivals in the Granite State. The results come as both Nikki Haley and Trump ramp up their attacks on one another. A victory Tuesday could accelerate Trump's march to a third consecutive GOP presidential nomination.Meanwhile, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis is already looking ahead to South Carolina where he spent the day campaigning.Meanwhile, tensions rising in the Middle East as the US launches more airstrikes against Houthi militants in Yemen. The latest attacks hitting an antiship missile aiming into the Gulf of Aden. US forces have been working to degrade the Iran-backed group capabilities of attacking ships in the Red Sea.I'm Jackie Ibanez. Now, back to ONE NATION.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA DISTRICT ATTORNEY: Why are they so surprised that a diverse team that I assembled, your child, can accomplish extraordinary things. But I'm just asking God, is that some will never see a Black man is qualified no matter his achievements. What more can one achieve?(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: That's Georgia district attorney wrapping up the trial against Donald Trump playing the race card. We first told you about Fani Willis last week.You know she's accused of hiring her married lover, Nathan Wade. He has billed Fulton County nearly $1 million for his work. We saw the invoices. Some of the money, it is alleged was used to vacation with her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Recent bank records reveal Wade purchased fights for Willis and himself. Check out some of these exotic places they traveled.You've got the Royal Caribbean Cruise, Miami, Aruba, the Bahamas. Although, there is no explanation for their travels together, it doesn't prove they are having an affair.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: And one of the invoices was for two visits to the White House to meet with White House counsel. I thought there was no cohabitation between the White House and the Georgia case?Now last week, we asked former DOJ prosecutor, Jim Trusty about it and this is what he had to say on ONE NATION.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES TRUSTY, ATTORNEY: I was a state prosecutor for 10 years in Maryland. I was pretty close to DC. I don't remember any of us ever getting an invite to the White House for any case.There is something to look at when you talk about Letitia James on the visitor logs, when you talk about Nathan Wade showing up in DC. There is just no reason for them to have these coincidental White House visits unless it had something to do with the cases being ginned up at the time.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Exactly what Trump has been accusing him of, working together with the White House to hurt his candidacy. Now a judge is calling for Willis to respond at a misconduct hearing. That'll be on February 15th. We'll be watching.By the way, Wade is in a bitter divorce fight and his wife has subpoenaed Willis. She is trying to avoid appearing there. Could all of this dirty laundry make the case against Trump actually fall apart? ONE NATION will stay on top of this and bring in all the developments.Now to this, different topic. Our kids are living in a different digital world. You've got a world where they are targeted by ads and algorithms to buy dangerous products, and parents have no idea in many cases, because when you log online, we don't see what they see and they don't see what we see.One example is Zyns.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Time to begin., the Zyn. If you ain't Zynning, you ain't winning.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Zyn power. Zyn power. Zyn power. Zyn power.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And be like, crew, you're going on.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pop it in. Pop it in.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir. Yes, sir, Yes, sir.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Put those in there.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pop it in.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: You love TikTok, right? It's a smoke free alternative to smoking or vaping. These nicotine pouches are less noticeable. But just as addictive. Teens are even doing it in class, during sports, in total secret most of the time. So how do we fight back against predator products like this for our kids?My next guest is the author of "Raising Healthy Teenagers: Equipping Your Child to Navigate the Pitfalls and Dangers Online."Tom Kersting, great to see you.TOM KERSTING, AUTHOR, "RAISING HEALTH TEENAGERS": Good seeing you.KILMEADE: So this is something not new to you. Maybe the product is new. I was not fully aware that the algorithms that a teen sees is different than what you will see and I will see.KERSTING: If you go ask people our age, do you know what Zyn is? They are going to be like, what is?KILMEADE: Yes.KERSTING: If you go ask a teenager, you're not going to find a teenager that has not heard of Zyn because so many of them are using it now.KILMEADE: When you go on, you would not know that, but they are addictive patches that go in your mouth. If you leave it in the same place, it could burn a hole in your mouth. We don't know about the negative effects on your health.But parents should be aware that the algorithms and social media are getting better at targeting your kids.KERSTING: And here's how it works, right? So you're not allowed to market and advertise tobacco products, right, to kids under 21, especially online. Now you have social media influencers that have millions of followers, right, like the ones that we just showed.And those things, the algorithms on TikTok and other sites now funnel to these kids and these are people they look up to, they're called influencers.So to me, the big thing, here is the word "influencer." And if our kids are being influenced by somebody on social media, you know, we need to -- parents really need to kind of start parenting up. I just have to be honest about that, and we need to become their influencers, and, you know, and sports heroes and god and stuff like that.So I think we really have to take a step back as parents and you know, and just be in control of what -- know what our kids are doing and say no. Don't be getting them a phone when they're 10 and 11 years old, because it just brings them down a rabbit hole and this is a perfect example.KILMEADE: Can you block things like this? Or is that content not technically an ad?KERSTING: It's not an ad. It's not allowed to be an ad, right? So they have --KILMEADE: But it functions as one.KERSTING: Yes, they have, you know, regulators and stuff on social media that do everything they can to prevent certain content from reaching kids, but the problem with you know, trying to regulate things is they're usually a couple of steps behind. Right?So it's like too late, something new, like we wouldn't expect this all of a sudden emerges. So the solution really isn't we have to get more regulation that would be nice. The solutions we get, like me, I'm out lecturing all over the country to parents and kids, just to try to get my message across about social media screentime and everything.And it has got to come from, you know, the person that looks at us in the mirror every day. And that's us, the parents and we need to be -- know what's going on, in our kids' lives more.KILMEADE: Double parents working, they're not there during the day, they don't see kids at lunchtime in a public school setting. So you have to ask these kids to be responsible. You also put that into the headline "Parenting Up."KERSTING: Yes, you know, it's difficult to get kids to be responsible because by nature, they're not. That's part of adolescence. They challenge things. You know, they take risks and so forth.But it's up to us to delay like, you know, we don't have to conform like we've been. I mean, I go to a lecture, I have 200 parents. I'll say, raise your hand if you think it's smart for an 11-year-old have a smartphone. Never once has anybody raised their hand. Yet the average age of first smartphone issuance is 10 years old.KILMEADE: They all have it.KERSTING: All of them have it, so it's like, you know, we've got to start fighting back from our -- you know, underneath on roofs here.KILMEADE: Right, from reading your book, "Watching Social Dilemma." If you let the kids see how they are being manipulated, a lot of times they'll take the pride in saying you're not going to do that to me.KERSTING: Yes.KILMEADE: Now that you've expose to them what's happening.Tom, you're doing great stuff. Great to see you, always.KERSTING: Much appreciated. Thank you.KILMEADE: And by the way, if you want to send an algorithm your way, Tom Brady, right?KERSTING: That's the guy. That's an influencer for me.KILMEADE: That's your influencer. I have my own. It wouldn't be a New England Patriot.Next, a passenger on an airplane was trapped in the bathroom for the entire flight. The flight crew's hilarious response next only if you stick around for Joe Concha on News Duel. Bring in the music.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, time now for the hottest stories in America, but nobody is talking about. It is News Duel time and joining us to play the role of News Duel dueler is Joe Concha. He is a columnist for "The Hill" and --JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: "The Messenger."KILMEADE: "The Messenger" --CONCHA: Yes.KILMEADE: As well as a Fox News contributor. Are you ready to cue the music and get started?CONCHA: Yes.KILMEADE: All right. Let's begin here and how about this? Oh, you've been on a plane before.CONCHA: Once or twice.KILMEADE: You ever get caught in the bathroom for the entire ride? That's exactly what happened when one man was caught on SpiceJet -- it's a SpiceJet passenger got caught in the bathroom and they could not get the door open. They would later slide this note underneath the door and tell me if you can smile about this. Here it is."Sir, we tried our best to open up the door however, we could not open it up. Do not panic. We're landing in a few minutes. So please close the commode lid and sit on it and secure yourself. As soon as the main door is open. Engineers will come. Do not panic."CONCHA: This is on SpiceJet. I mean, this sounds like somebody married to David Beckham, right? But this could have been a lot worse, Brian. Because this is a 90-minute flight.What if this is New York to Tokyo, 15 hours. You're stuck in the bathroom. Let's say you don't have your phone on you. You're sitting on a toilet, you have nothing to read.KILMEADE: Right.CONCHA: No ambiance. No movies, and look a one Mile Club that only gets you what? Five, six minutes. I mean, there's only so much you can do in there.KILMEADE: Very good points. Way too many points. You over prepared for that one. Joe, take this one.CONCHA: This is true. This is topic two and the study proves once and for all who is better with directions. Men or women? Well, Brian.KILMEADE: Get this up. Illinois Urbana-Champaign University went and did a big study on who is better at directions and it turns out men are better because they play outside more and they are used to navigating -- I don't know chasing the ball down the block.CONCHA: When they were young, it prepared them for that moment where they had to find a certain street in Queens, right? Look, this isn't a relevant study.KILMEADE: What do you mean?CONCHA: Because we all have these, it tells us where to go. We don't need instincts anymore.KILMEADE: In the theory, the Chinese shoot at our satellites, someone's got to go around without a Waze app. I love the fact that the study also compared otters, frogs, horses and humans to all see that men are better at directions.Next, let's talk about Apple going woke. This is such good news for me. We can now add pronouns to our contacts and everything even on Twitter and Facebook. Is that a relief to you, Joe? And what pronoun would you be?CONCHA: You hear that sound by the way?KILMEADE: Right?CONCHA: Steve Jobs rolling over his grave.KILMEADE: This has got to hurt him, right?CONCHA: Are you kidding? It's called an iPhone. Not a he/him phone not a she/her phone an iPhone. Pronoun signatures. Not for me.KILMEADE: I love it. But what about a comedian that has to go shopping with his wife's list?CONCHA: Ah, yes. Well, this is a comedian husband events on Instagram, asking the question, what is a shallot? And he's very stressful about this grocery list from his wife. You get stressed when your wife sends you shopping?KILMEADE: Yes. But not that you know it. Let's see it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sometimes I get sent out with a shopping list. And my wife's like, do you want me to explain that to you? And I'm like, I think I can handle it.And then I get to the grocery store. I'm like, what is a shallot?(END VIDEO CLIP)CONCHA: Do you know what a shallot is?KILMEADE: I don't I found out today that it's something to do makes your meat taste better.CONCHA: Wow. All I know is we can say shitake on the air and no one can do anything to us because that's the food also that he was sent to get.KILMEADE: I think it is shitake.CONCHA: Shitake? Not shitake?KILMEADE: I am pretty sure.CONCHA: The comedian said it the other way.KILMEADE: Yes, I'm pretty sure. But we'll have to see.I will say this. I do get some weird things like evaporated milk or creamed mushroom. And you sit there and look at the soups and you swear they're out of just your soup. But I digress.Let's move on to this. Sometimes you walk through New York City we're kind of used to it. But what about what a tourist walk through New York City, let's say from Australia, and they want to speak the truth on camera. And they know what we're living with, Joe.CONCHA: Yes.KILMEADE: Maybe we're too used to it. Look at this little girl named, Jets (ph).(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JETS, AUSTRALIAN: Mama, I don't like here in New York.MOM: Why?JETS: Because there's a lot of rubbish. You said it's pretty. Look at all the stuff on the floor. So many people here.What's so stinky.(END VIDEO CLIP)CONCHA: Pretty well spoken for a three-year-old, right?She said at one point, Mama, don't lie to me. This is a lot of rubbish.My kids don't use rubbish and they are eight.KILMEADE: And so it stinks -- somebody very close to me is in Australia right now. One of the first things that she said to me is how clean it is.CONCHA: Yes.KILMEADE: They are not used to the garbage that we live in.CONCHA: New York, more people have moved out of than any other city in the country for a reason. It ain't what it used to be, Brian, that's for sure. Even a three-year-old knows that.KILMEADE: But Joe Concha came to visit because we came a-calling. Joe, great job.CONCHA: Outstanding.KILMEADE: Thanks for dueling with us.Up next, we're sharing your e-mails and your videos because you can get prizes. Also, we've got other stuff, but the music is going to come in and we're already zooming out. So I'll tell you later.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, I want to see what you have to say. Time for me to share your comments with the rest of the world.Scott from California writes this: No one hates anyone as much as the Dems professed hate to Trump, unless it's very personal. Why else would Barack, Michelle, Hillary, and Joe put so much energy into derailing Trump? Yes, they have even resorted to using useful idiots like the Letitia James, Fani Willis to do their dirty work.That's a great point to bring up. I don't know why they hate Trump and here's the one thing. The thing that bothers them most, Trump doesn't seem to care how much they hate him. In fact, he seems to get a lot of energy from it. And man will their heads explode if he goes back to the White House because now he's figured all of it out and he knows the games they play.All right, move on Brooke says this. I so love the show. How is it that you can be so relevant and ridiculous at the same time? I'm going to take that as a kind of compliment. I don't know it's fun.And Lindsay writes here. Please make a t shirt that says stay within yourself. That would be so awesome for all your fans. And thanks so much for making me smile so much no matter what's going on.Keep the comments coming. We are going to feature them on the show. Also if you send a video and we use it, then you're going to get some of that free stuff.Okay, for example you wanted to say within yourself, I don't have -- whoa, I don't have a t-shirt but I do have a mug. I have a t-shirt on my own BrianKilmeade.com, a sweatshirt, but here stay within yourself mug that's what you would get, if of course -- there you go -- I'm not a juggler.What about this tumbler? This is also something that you can get at ShopFoxNews.com which is great, and we have a fully adjustable hat for those right there. One NATION, there you go.All right, that is it for us tonight. By the way, just go to the Fox Shop, we have more stuff. Watch "Fox and Friends" Monday morning. We will be live in New Hampshire ahead of the primary.Also doing the radio show there Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Amongst my great guests Brit Hume, Charles Payne, and Shannon Bream. Brit Hume is the tallest."Fox News Saturday Night" starts right now with Jimmy Failla. Don't forget I'm going to be streaming Fox Nation, three o'clock on Sunday. I hope -- Eastern Time -- I hope everyone will watch.Here is Jimmy. I'm going to stay here and watch.