BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Security Committee, they might be on different side of the issue. House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Michael McCaul and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this "SPECIAL REPORT." Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Washington tonight. The flimflam gang. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.All right, the talking point du jour (ph) for globalists, is that conservative skeptical about the McConnell-Schumer border deal? Don't really want to solve the crisis. They're just bowing down to Donald Trump who opposes it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not surprising, I guess, but it's -- I mean, it's deeply cynical. People are dying, people's -- you know, there are a lot of people's lives are hanging in the balance here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's a fundamental problem with Trumpism. Right? Trumpism is about nihilism. It's the burn it down caucus, right. They don't want to legislate because legislation is solving problems, right? They don't want the government to work.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Similar flimsy thinking coming from that conservative stalwart, Mitt Romney and other Trump loathing pro-amnesty Republicans, like Thom Tillis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. THOM TILLIS (R-NC): It is immoral for me to think, you look the other way, because you think this is the linchpin for President Trump to win. I do not want to be a part of history that fails, fails democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, this actually is democracy. What's not respecting democracy is what's happening now, hiding bills, hundreds of pages long until the last possible minute, then forcing a vote before anyone's had the chance to really dissect it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, I find that kind of offensive, given that they're still sitting on the text. We ask, why can't we see it? And they say, well, it's in a lot of different places. It's not all in one document. That's fine. Most of us on this stage are accustomed to looking at a whole bunch of different pieces of documents. We can do that. No, still won't let us have it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. It must be really bad. Now shills for the cheap labor lobby are a dime a dozen on Capitol Hill. We've talked about this for years, and they think you're stupid, and that they could sneak through a massive foreign worker expansion that still allows Biden to waive in close to 2 million migrants in one year. Now, that's a win-win, isn't it for both Biden and McConnell, you get the Ukraine money, you get more migrants, and you get political cover for the Democrats. But it is a gut punch to American workers. No wonder they don't want senators consulting with Trump. Instead, they want senators to listen to that stalwart conservative, Liz Cheney.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LIZ CHENEY (R) FORMER U.S. REPRESENTATIVE: If it's true that McConnell said, you know, basically, we thought we had a deal, but now it looks like Trump's going to be the nominee, and he wants to run on this. I mean, that is so cynical and irresponsible.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, let me be clear, if there was any group of people who have a right to be cynical, it's the Americans who would like to see enforcement of our border laws. Now, a lot of you have been watching me on television, or listen to my radio show or podcast over the years, you know that this has been an issue that I personally have focused on for 17 years. And time after time politicians promised us that they are actually willing to enforce the border, I mean, really enforce the border.But then when you read the deals, it's really amnesty plus a gargantuan foreign worker increase with a promise of some type of enforcement or some limitation, it's always amorphous, never enforceable. And now I promise, we're going to enter a new stage of this dark comedy. And we'll get to more of this in a moment.The same players are going to pretend that all this time they're negotiating a new border deal, a new, new border deal, and they're going to claim that they've tweaked the language, and then the media will pretend that the changes mean that the border problem is solved. Oh, and of course, it's all going to take a few months for these new policies to be fully effective and you're going to have to hire new agents, and you're going to have to make sure everything is properly implemented. And there -- there may be some court cases, but don't worry, the problem is solved.And then when it's 2025, and heaven forbid, if Biden has been reelected, and the immigrants are still pouring in with even greater numbers, the Democrats and their lackeys and the GOP establishment will laugh all the way to the bank. So yes, we have every right to be cynical. Look at what's happened in the country in the last three years.But we actually aren't the true cynics here. The true cynics are those who put the short-term interests of their donors over the long-term interests of the American people. The true cynics are those who go on television and lie about the enforcement plans. It's going to work this time, when they know very well, none of those plans will be implemented by this crowd.We're not cynical. We're actually pragmatic and we're energized. And we are going to do everything we can to prevent you from further damaging America. And you know who you are. And that's the Angle.Joining us now and I'm delighted he's with us, North Dakota Senator Kevin Cramer joins me now. I think the first time on the Angle. Senator, thank you for joining us. Some breaking news that just came in on the border deal, which kind of plays right into what I was saying about how there'll be new tweaks and there'll be -- OK, so this provision just released by an unknown Senate source.If crossings exceed 8500 in a single day, DHS would be required to close the border to migrants illegally crossing the border. Now, under the proposal, any migrant who tries to cross the border twice, while it is closed would be banned from entering the U.S. for one year. First question, senator, don't they already have the power to close the border to migrants illegally crossing the border? Isn't that the whole point of our immigration laws?SEN. KEVIN CRAMER (R-ND): Well, the problem, Laura, and thank you for the opportunity to be on. It's my pleasure. Right now, they have the discretion to do that. But here's I can tell from the language you just showed me, which is the first time I've seen it. They're required, it says that DHS Secretary would be required at 8500. Now, granted, 8500 is way too high a number. But there were several days last month --INGRAHAM: Yes.CRAMER: -- when the border would have been shut down, instead of letting say 10,000, 12,000 people in. So, I guess you could say it's an increment in the right direction and at least it's a mandate as opposed to the discretion, but it is nonetheless in the right direction.INGRAHAM: Senator Cramer, if you did a town hall this week in North Dakota, and they got a 500 people to show up, just on this issue. And you said, OK, a deal that I'm considering supporting would actually still allow President Biden to waive in millions of migrants over the next year. But we're going to maybe get a few other things on foreign workers and more foreign worker visas and thousands and thousands more. What do you think the reaction to the crowd in North Dakota would be, I have a hunch.CRAMER: Well, if I presented it like that, they would probably run out --INGRAHAM: That's the truth.CRAMER: I would --INGRAHAM: Yes, but that's a true way to present it.CRAMER: No, I would do a more thorough job with it. I'd want to know who's -- where are the workers going to work. Farm workers not going to say, great, we need more of them. Energy workers, well, we need more of them. Oh, in the medical field, we'd like some more of those. But that's not what -- but that's not what this bill is largely about. From everything that we've known so far. Not seeing text, remember, none of us have seen text. None of the critics have seen text. What we do know --INGRAHAM: That's convenient --CRAMER: -- negotiate, because the negotiators. Well, sure --INGRAHAM: But senator, senator, senator, I've been here so much longer than you. And I don't mean to call rank because you're a senator. But this is the same old trick, they always pull. They pulled it with Obamacare, they pull it with these omnibus spending bills that horrify most Americans when they see what's in them. And it's like, OK, let's hurry up and negotiate and we've done -- doing it for four months, but now you have 72 hours to read 700 pages, go. That's no way to legislate. It's a complete and utter scam. And that's what's happening.CRAMER: It certainly is not. It certainly is not, except that nobody's called for the vote. Laura, I don't know how much time we're going to have to make the decision after we actually get to see the text. But the things that we have -- that we do know that all the negotiators agreed to, because they say it out loud, are there are some real triggers, there is expedited removal at the border, they are building an infrastructure that requires people to turn around the same day up to a certain amount, raising the standard for asylum, the credible fear standard, raising that higher. Doing away with the broad stroke of --INGRAHAM: So --CRAMER: -- everybody being on parole. So, there are some good things in the right direction --INGRAHAM: Wait, wait, so just I want to be --CRAMER: But we haven't seen the text --INGRAHAM: -- I want to be clear, I want to be clear to the people of North Dakota and people in the country, because you're an important senator in all of this. And you actually endorse President Trump, I know in December and he's completely against this. He said, let's wait until I get in there. You don't need all this stuff to do this, right? And he's right about that. But you're saying tonight that given what's happened over the last three years, you actually have faith that pieces of paper are going to make Alejandro Mayorkas who is about to be impeached by the House or could be impeached by the House actually enforce these new provisions when he's not enforcing the old ones.CRAMER: I know if we do nothing, he's not going to be a better DHS actor. He's not going to do --INGRAHAM: But you're giving Biden cover.CRAMER: -- more enforcement, if we do nothing --INGRAHAM: You're giving Biden political cover in an election year. Why would you do that given what this man has done to our country?CRAMER: Well, listen, I endorsed Donald Trump early this time and I endorsed him really early the last time and I always I endorsed him earlier this time because my governor was running. Having said all of that, there's no question Donald Trump will use these tools to much greater effect than Joe Biden does. But I don't think we should reserve the crisis for October to give Joe Biden cover because anybody that knows anything knows Joe Biden has already lost this argument. He's already allowed 10 million people into the interior of the country illegally. So, it's not like he's going to one day be known as the guy that took care of the border crisis.INGRAHAM: Right. Well, senator, this does not end catch and release as anyone has described it thus far, would you agree with that?CRAMER: Well, I don't entirely agree with it, because if you raise the standard, and you do away with the parole, and you turn people away at the border at a much greater number, I will say this, to your point, that won't happen tomorrow, they may change the law. If it's -- if we get 5000, a surge of 5000, it automatically shuts the border down. The border be shut down right now. But if we have infrastructure to do the asylum reviews at the border for 5000, then you eliminate catch and release. Clearly --INGRAHAM: All right, senator. Thank you --CRAMER: -- it's not all going to happen overnight.INGRAHAM: -- all right. Well, we'll be watching this closely and we really appreciate you coming on tonight. Thank you so much. All right. My next guest is pledging to block any legislation unless they're given adequate time to review. Utah Senator Mike Lee joins me now.Senator, you -- I think heard just now what Senator Cramer, who has endorsed President Trump, he's known as a strong conservative, what he said about this, will you -- does it give you any comfort to hear about this 8500 threshold that would then lead to really shutting the border down?SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): You know, Laura, when I saw the article come out on CNN, just a half an hour or so ago, I asked myself the question immediately, what on earth does that mean? 8000 per day, at that point, they can shut it down, they can shut down illegal immigration along the border. What does that mean? That's the whole point of all of our immigration laws. That's the whole point of the Border Patrol and every law they enforce.Everybody got that power. So, I don't know what this does. But Laura, this showcases the broader problem. We have no idea what's in this. They've told us about a few things that they want the public to know. We're going to find all kinds of easter eggs in there and that's why I'm doing everything I can to make sure we've got time to read it. Because I don't trust them.I don't trust that the administration, it's refused to exercise authority they have at their disposal now to enforce the border. Why are they going to enforce these laws when they don't enforce those? And what bad laws we're going to get in the process, if members don't read the bill?INGRAHAM: Is the Ukraine money definitely going to be part of this, quote, negotiated agreement that no one's seen, because if it were really good, would all see it, they'd be waving it around saying, don't worry, Mike Lee, this is great. But is it definitely going to be together?LEE: Yes, see their thinking is because they couldn't get the votes that they needed, just on Ukraine funding alone, it is sort of like filling out a bingo card. They thought if they could get enough things in there that enough people like then maybe enough people would vote for the bill as a whole, especially perhaps if they hadn't read the whole bill and didn't have time to understand what was in it. Yes, that's the hope. So, all this is a gimmick designed to secure votes in order to get Ukraine aid passed. $106 billion, most of which would go to Ukraine.INGRAHAM: Oh, you're so cynical. That's what Liz Cheney says at least. Senator, thank you on this breaking news night. We appreciate it. And tonight, we have a Friday night news dump. Customs and Border Patrol released the record-breaking official December border encounter numbers, 302,034. So, what would a Trump administration do right now, then a new piece of -- without any new piece of legislation to fix the border without Congress's help? Stephen Miller, former Trump's senior adviser and America First Legal President joins me now. Stephen, lay it out for me, three things you do right away.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER TRUMP SENIOR ADVISOR: Very simply one, reinstate Remain in Mexico.Two, reinstate Safe Third agreements that categorically invalidate all asylum claims recovered aliens and allow for their immediate expulsion.Three, reinstate Title 42 citing all of the diseases coming across the border, which allows you to deport anyone instantaneously including unaccompanied alien children. I want to give just a couple more that are very important.Four, prosecute, prosecute, prosecute, put illegal aliens in jail. If they come back in, it is a felony charge that is a massive deterrent.And five, a very important one. Although most illegal aliens are not from Mexico these days for Mexicans, you reinstate interior deportations, don't fly them back to the North. Fly them back to the south of Mexico, which President Trump did. So, it is thousands and thousands and thousands of miles to come back to the border. You do those things and you'll shut this thing tighter than a submarine hash.INGRAHAM: Well, now you heard this new little gimmick that oh, there's a threshold, is this -- doesn't this remind you of what happened in 2013 and 20 -- 2007. It's the same story all over again, Stephen, you and I were in those battles together. But so now they say if -- OK, if Mayorkas finds that 8500 people, if they hit that 8500-person mark, then he can shut the border down to any new migrants coming in. But the -- what's the calculation on that 8500 people every day for a year, that's more than 3 million people a year and that's worse than what we have now.MILLER: Well, first of all, we know how these bills are written. I can promise you even in that circumstance.INGRAHAM: Right.MILLER: The way the bill is written, there will be except this, except that, except in this case, the secretary may waive, may waive, humanitarian exception. So even then I guarantee you, there'll be 1000 weights to let it another 10,000 illegals, but they are trying to normalize invasion levels migration, it's the simplest way I can put it, Laura.They are trying to make invasion levels of illegal immigration, the standard, the norm. As we all know, the correct amount of illegal immigration is right there in the title, illegal is zero. 0.0 is the correct amount of illegal immigration. And the only policy that this country should have is mandatory detention, mandatory expulsion. There's not 2000 a day, 4000 a day 7, 8, 9, 10. And that is the fundamental disagreement. There is one party that believes in no illegal immigration minus some members that we all know about. And there's one party that believes an unlimited illegal immigration. And that's the issue. That is the issue before American voters in the Trump versus Biden face off.INGRAHAM: That's it. And that's the clear case in their little game they're going to play, what -- oh, we're going to make asylum hearings within like six months, do you believe that for one minute?MILLER: There shouldn't even be discussion of asylum, they should all be deported. They're all fake claims. They're phony claims. They're economic migrants, and many of them are criminals, none of them. None of them are fleeing political persecution. It's all rubbish. Laura.INGRAHAM: Yes. Well, the statute says it's all discretionary on the part of the secretary. You don't have an automatic right to asylum, so turn around, go back, come back legally. Stephen, great to see you. Here we go again. All right, coming up, who's really in-charge at the White House? The question a lot of people ask. Dr. Jill without the stethoscope? Obama?Well, we know of one new scientific advisor who hails from an elite institution. I have a hint, two syllables and two T's. Ned Ryun, Charlie Hurt on that embarrassment, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIALL HORAN, ARTIST: I just want to wish you a very Happy St. Patrick's Day from the White House, from me.JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And me too. I'm here at the White House. I hang out here once in a while.UNKNOWN: Uber, sorry, Ms. Jen. (inaudible). Spirit fingers, mama. We need to get shots in the arms of every single American.UNKNOWN: Hi, Mr. President.BIDEN: How are you?UNKNOWN: It is an honor; trans rights are human rights.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, we thought Joe Biden was using those weird influencers to kind of score points with younger voters, be hit, be cool, but apparently there are some of his top policy advisors. The administration was announcing that it's halting plans to export more liquefied natural gas, which of course would go to our allies in Europe and kind of box out Russia. Before deciding to stall these energy projects. Biden's climate team reportedly huddled with a 25-year-old TikToker who has been organizing a campaign against liquefied natural gas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEX HARAUS, TIKTOKER: People are paying attention. I've been gone doing news interviews and meeting with people in DC if you've been a part of this account for a while, you know that that's usually how these things go. Thank you to the 410,000 people that have already signed the petition and everybody is making videos because we're really doing this thing. Let's stop the biggest fossil fuel build out in history.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Nice knit cap. So much for Biden's promise that the adults are back in-charge. Joining me now are Ned Ryun, American Majority CEO, Charlie Hurt, Washington Times Opinion Editor, Fox News Contributor. Ned, the knit cap wearing you know, tattoo, you know, sporting multiple, right. It's unpredictable. But this is a serious issue. This is a serious national security and economic issue for the United States.NED RYUN, AMERICAN MAJORITY FOUNDER AND CEO: I mean, on a surface it seems completely absurd that you'd have a 25-year-old TikTok boy coming in and really huddling with the Biden White House. It just feels to me Laura being in DC for so long that this is a pretty coordinated disinformation campaign. TikTok boy, influencer, astroturf petition drive on TikTok, the Communist Chinese platform, probably getting paid for every 10,000 to 100,000 signatures by some Leftist climate activist group or someone that has really big interest in the green energy racket.And then you've got the Biden White House that I think was probably in on this at the very beginning. I think they probably wanted to be able to block the LNG export facilities before the 2024 elections. And I knew that if they approved this before then it would hurt them with the young climate activist progressive base, and they probably said, hey, we want to kill this. Why don't you spin up something to give us cover, voice of the people is the voice of God and look what happened, this petition drive took place. We're just listening to these people to make sure that we listen to the voices of our constituents. And then here you have it, an astroturf magic.INGRAHAM: Yes, Charlie, it sounds perfect. I mean, it's just kind of what they do. It's, oh, this is an organic movement. Now this is a -- they're plotting against America's energy independence, are they not?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, they are. Without a doubt. These people are fundamentally ridiculous. And by these people, I don't mean the silly kids on the TikTok stuff. You know, that's great. They're passionate about something. They want to go on TikTok and do their stuff. Whatever, I don't care.The problem here who's fundamentally unserious is the White House's Joe Biden, the fact that they are going to take these people seriously. And as you point out, this is a very highly bankrolled moneyed interests, this environmental movement, and it's aimed at destroying the United States of America, and all -- and all of the good powers in the world. And what is interesting here is this move by Joe Biden is going to be the same thing that we saw when he came into office, and he canceled pipelines, and he did everything to destroy American energy independence.It's going to enrich Vladimir Putin. And the result of this is going to be that the Ukraine war is going to last longer because of this decision, and these Ukrainian citizens that these people claim to care about are going to die because of this decision. And the blood will be on Joe Biden's hands. Not the goofy, idiotic, teenage TikToker kid.INGRAHAM: Remember, when the liberals said that energy independence from Russia was one of our top priorities --HURT: Exactly.INGRAHAM: I remember it. Watch this.RYUN: Exactly.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We're coming together to reduce your dependence on Russian energy. The United States together with our international partners, they're going to -- we're going to work to ensure an additional 15, 15 billion cubic meters of liquefied natural gas, LNG for your --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When President Putin tried to weaponize energy. We redirected natural gas supplies from across the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Ned, did someone get to them or was this their plan all along?RYUN: Yes. Well, I mean, first of all, it's a very power -- as Charlie pointed out, very powerful interests with the green energy. I have to tell you, Laura, I think there's a China angle here as well. China wants to --INGRAHAM: TikTok.RYUN: -- corner the market on the production of solar panels, not only their platform, they're trying to corner the market on the green energy future of production of solar panels and electric --INGRAHAM: EVs.RYUN: -- vehicle batteries. Right, and us producing more and exporting more natural gas undercuts those goals. So, I've got a real question about what China's influence is on this whole supposed this astroturf campaign to block this.INGRAHAM: And why would Biden have any interest in helping China, Charlie? Why would there be any Biden concern? I mean --HURT: Exactly.INGRAHAM: -- Biden connection with China, right? There's no --HURT: Exactly. It's not like his family has collected millions of dollars from these people. And of course, it's not just China. It's Russia, too. When you - and --RYUN: Yes.HURT: -- the only question I want to ask for the rest of this year as we get into the general election is, who is Joe Biden working for? Is Joe Biden working for you? Or is he working for China, Russia, Ukraine, and all these other interests that aren't the American people.RYUN: Correct.INGRAHAM: Oh, that's right. That border -- border deal is going to solve it all. All right, Ned and Charlie, great to see both of you. All right, up next, subtitles, Valentine's treats and an Academy Award. What is it, three wishes on Friday Follies with Raymond, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's Friday and that means it's time for Friday Follies. So, for that we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond. I was thinking the other day, we're in a new year and you've gotten no wishes, zero. So, you get three, I'm in a good mood, your wish is my command.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, well, I hope that's true, Jeannie. You know how when you go to the opera, they put the English subtitles, the translation, above the stage so you know what's being sung? I wish the White House would invest in simultaneous subtitles every time Biden goes to the podium.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: By the way, it used to make beer brewed here. It is used to make the brewed beer here in the final. Oh, Earth Rider, thanks for the Great Lakes. I wonder why this happened. We'll teach Donald Trump a valuable lesson. Don't mess with the men in America unless you want to get the benefit.My professor, well, I won't get into my professor. But look, my predecessor, though, he chose a different course.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I love how he tried to pretend he meant to say professor.ARROYO: Tried to do the save, Laura.INGRAHAM: Nice, nice job.ARROYO: The backtrack.INGRAHAM: Yeah, whoops.ARROYO: But wouldn't subtitles be helpful? I mean, that way, even when he failed to read the prompter, the audience could maintain some level of understanding. I'm trying to help with my wishes, Laura.INGRAHAM: Well, artificial intelligence, artificial president, hologram president, I think anything can be done with the new technology, Raymond.ARROYO: Yeah. Well, you know, the White House may also want to print out clear stage directions, so Biden doesn't wander over and listen at beer barrels to try to hear what's inside. This was a bad look at the end of the talk the other day. Just saying.INGRAHAM: I'm looking at that photo, Raymond. He's sniffing the beer. He thinks it's a young lady, I think. It's a kind of a auburn haired on --(INAUDIBLE)ARROYO: Who's in there?INGRAHAM: I like your hops. All right. OK, Raymond. This is Friday. We've had a long week. What's your second wish?ARROYO: Okay, Laura. I wish candy manufacturers would be more truthful in their advertising. For instance, when Reese says, here are Valentine's Day peanut butter pink hearts, they shouldn't look like parts of the male anatomy when you open the bag, OK? The internet has been having a ball complaining about the low-hanging hearts that look well.Well, they look like they should be on the back of the bumper of a truck in the wilderness, you know. They look a little pornographic. I understand the complaints.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, they also could just be, you know when your kids, they lose their teeth and the tooth fairy has to come and put some money in it. Kind of looks like some of my kids' teeth because they ate a lot of candy. That's like, you know, that old tooth.ARROYO: But Laura, when people go down the candy aisle, they're looking for a family treat, not the family jewels. And there's a woman, her name's Cynthia Kelly, she's suing Reese's because Jack O'Lantern at Halloween didn't look the way they were advertised.INGRAHAM: She's suing?ARROYO: This can only add to her sack of complaints.INGRAHAM: All right. OK, that was so bad. I mean, that was, you know, well, we're having a ball tonight. All right, it's definitely time for your third wish.ARROYO: OK. This one is free of nuts, maybe. I wish Academy Award winners would stop trying to sexualize statuettes. I give you last year's best supporting actress winner, Jamie Lee Curtis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It lives in my house. It lives -- I have de-gendered it. I have a trans daughter, and there is no genitalia. And I put a they-them button to just make sure anybody coming in understood.UNKNOWN: Well, the Oscar is they-them.UNKNOWN: Yeah.UNKNOWN: Yeah. I mean --UNKNOWN: Yeah.UNKNOWN: Yeah.UNKNOWN: That make sense.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: None of them on that stage --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Well, Raymond, none of them on the stage, I'm sorry, really believe what they're saying. I just refuse to believe that they believe what they're saying. I don't think they do. I think this is a total act of virtue signaling.ARROYO: I mean, this idea that Oscar doesn't have a gender. First of all, it was created in 1927, it is a statuette of a knight that was created by MGM's designer, OK? And then it was the director, she was the librarian and later executive director of the Academy Awards, a woman named Margaret Herrick, I looked it up today. She said the statue looked like her bald uncle Oscar. That's where the name came from.So, I'm sorry, go de-gender Barbie, leave Oscar alone. He may not have genitalia, you can see. That's a sword he's holding.INGRAHAM: Well, that's all right. Jamie Lee is perfect. I know you love that, that film. I'm really dating myself. There's a lot of Spandex.ARROYO: Well, they're not only de-gendering statues and things, now some beloved film classics are getting diverse reboots. We learned this week, new versions of Frank Capra's It's a Wonderful Life and The Wizard of Oz will feature all black casts, and it's going to be directed by Kenya Barris, the creator of Blackish.Now, I'm a little confused about all this, Laura, since a black Wizard of Oz, The Wiz, hit Broadway in 1970's, it's back again? And remember, Diana Ross and Michael Jackson already did that movie. I don't know why this is such a big deal or why we need a new diverse version of what we already have a diverse version right now of.INGRAHAM: Well, what we call it is fresh out of ideas. All right, Raymond, great to see you. Have a good weekend. All right, every attack on Trump has flopped. Remember, he's Hitler, he's a traitor, he's mentally unstable, and he's just gotten more popular. But now they're back at it again. He's the anti-Reagan. Well, coming up, a Reagan biographer whacks the wackos. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Liberal media, establishment GOPers, never-Trumpers, they're running out of arguments. Don't you notice this against Trump? So, they're just recycling the old ones.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Donald Trump, claiming he wants to be a dictator on day one.UNKNOWN: Our reinvigorated, revenge-seeking President Trump will stick it to the left and to immigrants, to gay and trans folks, to women seeking bodily autonomy.UNKNOWN: Donald Trump could be fatal to the American experiment and democracy.UNKNOWN: A Donald Trump is likely the GOP nominee, is a clear and present danger to the country, that he's a threat to democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I'm sorry. I'm listening to this going -- I don't even think they believe it, but I guess they have to say it. One of my favorite new old lines, though, is from people in the press who didn't even like Reagan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: He is making a case that the Republican Party has changed. That it's time to throw out, you know, what he calls the rhinos and globalists. Republican voters are sending a clear signal that what they want is what Trump represents and not the old party of Ronald Reagan.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, with Trump as the likely nominee, Republicans are no longer the party of Reagan. Really? In other words, it's an obvious attempt to scare off moderates and independents in the general election by dissing Trump as an anti-Reagan figure, as a radical nationalist.But what's the truth here? Is there any nuance at all? Remember Reagan's massive win in 1980 shocked the Bush-Baker country club detente types. But instead of fighting Reaganism, eventually they moved closer toward it, and they worked with him, obviously.But not with the current GOP establishment. They keep fighting Trump, resisting what the people have wanted on all these issues. And that just enrages the base and hurts the country, because it helps Biden.Craig Shirley, the author of The Search for Reagan, a great new book, and Chris Bedford, senior fellow at the Common Sense Society, join us for this discussion. Now, Craig, who's closer to Reagan conservatism? And I know it's hard to compare this, because it's a different time and all different challenges. But who's closer to the Reagan conservatism today? The Mitch McConnell, Liz Cheney, Romney types? Or people like Trump and J.D. Vance?CRAIG SHIRLEY, RONALD REAGAN BIOGRAPHER: No, you couldn't -- certainly can't be Mitch McConnell. He entered politics bashing Ronald Reagan. Now is leading politics bashing Donald Trump. So, they -- they are all defenders in the establishment. They're all defenders of the status quo. Reagan ran - - challenging the status quo. Challenging the powers that be. And no better case can be made and how he discarded detente. You know detente ruled American foreign policy, vis-a-vis the Soviet Union, since the time of Harry Truman.You know, versus containment that was later involved into detente. And then, Reagan discarded and said we're not going to -- we're not going to get along with Soviet Union, we're going to transcend the Soviet Un Union. We're going to beat them into the ground and make the people of Eastern Europe and Soviet republics free. And that's exactly what he did. And nothing else to upset the Henry Kissinger crowd more than Reagan challenging that status quo.INGRAHAM: So, it's the old status quo, the old Republican Party, and he didn't win in '76, but he came back in 1980, obviously, won substantially.And Bedford, I want to talk to you about peace through strength, because Trump has echoed that theme and did since 2015, when he got into the race, that we need the American economy to be humming manufacturing, made in the country, not just lip service like Joe Biden gives it when he talks about made in America. This was Reagan in 1980 on that same topic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONALD REAGAN, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Establishing a real peace must rest on the firm underpinning of a strong American economy. Tragically, the weakened state of America's economy has significantly affected our ability to have the strongest possible foreign and defense policies.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, this is Trump's point. How are you a superpower when the interest on our debt is bigger than our defense budget now? You can't continue to do superpower things when you're self-loathing at home in our schools, and then you wreck your economy with globalization.CHRIS BEDFORD, COMMON SENSE SOCIETY SENIOR FELLOW: And you never realize it until it's actually happening. Superpowers never realize that they're out of missiles, or they're out of ships, they're out of men until they're already starting to lose, before they're already starting to scramble, before they're already starting to try and buy these arms from abroad to refill our own arsenals, which Joe Biden promised to do.You know, right now the United States is a lagging economy. Inflation's out of control. Our missiles are going abroad to defend other countries' borders, or unable to hold our own. They show all the signs of late-stage republic. It's not a good thing. And someone like Trump needs to come in and say, we need to get our energy going, and to unleash our economy. You can't fight these wars abroad that Mitch McConnell wants to fight everywhere without a booming economy. And that's exactly the right message.INGRAHAM: Yeah, we're going to stay on this throughout the election season because they're going to keep saying the Republican Party is abandon Reagan. We're going to keep debunking it. Chris and Craig, everyone, go out and get Craig's book, Search for Reagan.Our cities are looking more like Gotham every day. Car jackings in broad daylight, freeway shootings, and now swarms of young thugs robbing and looting businesses. How will this end? John Walsh from America's Most Wanted is here, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Swarms of violent, lawless teenagers terrorizing cities and ransacking small businesses. A 13-year-old, yeah, a 13-year-old arrested in California after smashing a stolen car into a bakery. Then a hundred others swarmed the store, causing about $40,000 worth of damage. Then, of course, a CVS in D.C. forced to close its doors after being targeted by a group of 45 teenage thieves, sometimes up to three times every day. And new video shows the shelves empty before the place shut down.Joining me now is the host of America's Most Wanted, John Walsh. John, great to see you. The hit-show back on Fox, which is so exciting. All the new episodes will be available on Fox Nation this Monday, it's awesome news. Now, John, I know you've been covering crime for a long, long time. But have you ever seen what you're seeing now with young people and the utter lawlessness of it?JOHN WALSH, AMERICA'S MOST WANTED HOST: No. One of the reasons I'm back is because of that crime statistics, the worst in the history of this country. And the FBI and the Marshalls asking me, you caught 1,200 of the uncatchable bad guys that nobody could catch, 17 off the FBI's 10 most wanted lists, the most more than any FBI agent. But We recovered 61 stranger abducted missing kids alive. My son was killed within four hours, so the stranger abducted kids are the ones, the hardest to get back. I've never seen anything like this, and that's why I'm coming back.INGRAHAM: People think, oh, it's just shoplifting. And I saw someone online calling it consumer reparations. You don't have a right to sell stuff that we can't afford. I mean, this is the language they're using. What is this doing to local communities when now suddenly you can't find a store in your neighborhood any longer to buy the essentials.WALSH: And what does it do to the workers that are there? They're terrified when 20 guys with hoods on come in with or without guns. What about the people that are in there shopping? They're having a heart attack because these gangs are ravaging through them. And look what happened to Portland and Seattle. Those two downtowns are ghettos. There's no more vibrance there. It's so disgusting.And, you know, this defunding of police, who came up with that? try to get a cop in Chicago right now. I was talking to the Chicago P.D., they were doing recruiting stuff. They can't -- they either show up, they're morbidly obese, or they don't have grammar. In their last recruiting drive, I think they hired five cops, and half the cops later retired or went somewhere else. What's these defunding police.So, the cops can't come to the store robberies because not a high priority. I did some numbers before I got here. You know, four of cities, four cities, St Louis, Baltimore, New Orleans, and Chicago, are in the top ten murder capitals of the world. Six cities are ahead of them. Mexico. Mexico is a narco state, 30,000 murders on the border last year of Mexico. And those six cities, lots of those cartels do it.But listen to Chicago, this is my big beef. I've done a lot of shows in Chicago about what's going on. The last two years, there have been 1,326 murders in Chicago, 27,000 shootings. Carjacking, Chicago and Washington D.C. are the carjacking capitals of the world, 1,320 cars jacked in Chicago last year, and 26,000 cars. People are losing their jobs because their cars have been ripped off twice. They have to take a cab or an Uber to work. They're losing their credit ratings.It's so deep. It's the worst statistics in the history of this country. That's why I'm coming back to do my little part. We've already turned down 400 cases we can't do. We've only been on one week.INGRAHAM: We appreciate you because we have these iconic stores and fast- food places that people love to go to, like In-N-Out Burger, closing down in parts of California. The residents are so upset because they like going to their places. They go, now they're gone. But I want to remind you --WALSH: Let me just say one thing, Laura.INGRAHAM: Yeah, go ahead.WALSH: I was in California yesterday, shooting the show. A suburb of California, last Sunday night, had 50 car break-ins, and in the last three weeks, 70 home invasions or burglaries. One little neighborhood, one nice neighborhood. Where can you go in America that you're safe?WALSH: Well, again, leadership matters. You got to vote for people who are actually going to be law and order. If you vote for bad leadership, you're going to get a lot of crime.All right, I want to remind everyone, new episodes of America's Most Wanted are available on Fox Nation this Monday. John, it's always great to see you. Thanks so much. Come back soon.WALSH: Thanks for having me, Laura.INGRAHAM: What a week it's been. New Hampshire, the border shenanigans. There's going to be a lot more next week. And we've had a lot of fun. I hope you did as well. That is it for us tonight. Don't forget, set your DVR. Always stay connected with THE INGRAHAM ANGLE. Make sure you follow me on social media for all the behind-the-scenes stuff. It's always fun. Thank you for watching. Remember, it is America now and, you bet, forever. Jesse Watters takes it from here. Have a great weekend.