RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: . act this way, and maybe people should consider that as they decide whether or not to send the Bidens to an undisclosed location, just a thought as 2023 ends.JULIE BANDERAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: What a happy way to end the show. I thought diarrhea was much higher -- right?Happy New Year. That does it for us.ARROYO: Happy New Year.BANDERAS: We will see you back here tomorrow.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin, and this is a Special Edition of LIFE, LIBERTY, & LEVIN, and I hope you're all having a wonderful holiday season.As 2023 comes to a close, I want to take a look back at some of the guests who joined us and shared their insights into how fragile the balance between liberty and tyranny actually is.We begin with my friend, Bret Baier who reminds us of our nation's humble beginnings and our founders' incredible accomplishments. Go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: Man, I came across a fantastic book, "To Rescue the Constitution: George Washington and the Fragile American Experiment."Can you think of a better time to read a book like this given what's going on in this country? I cannot.And as someone who is maybe not officially a historian, but a historian of sorts and a constitutionalist and all the rest, this book is unbelievable.It is written by my friend, Bret Baier.Bret Baier, George Washington is a big, big subject, but you say to rescue the Constitution, what you mean by that?BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF POLITICAL ANCHOR: Mark, thanks for having me on.You know, this book is kind of a labor of love, because I really think, I've done a number of these and I've been fortunate to have been on your show and your radio show talking about them, but this book goes back to the beginning, you know, the founding of our country and how crucial Washington was to that happening.A lot of people do not realize that after the revolutionary war and that time before the Constitution was locked in and then ratified, and we had a government where Washington become the first president, in that interim time was the most dangerous time our country would ever see.It's one of these times the country almost wasn't formed. It was breaking apart. It was disparate colonies arguing about a lot of different things. In fact, there were a lot of people at that time who believed may be, we, as a country should go back -- and the different colonies go back to be under the rule of the British.So, it was in that time that Washington's leadership and his steady force really got people to come together. He led the Constitutional Convention and then as I said, became the nation's first president.LEVIN: He almost had to be begged to go to the Constitutional Convection, didn't he? Putting in his time with a revolutionary war that went on over seven years, his property, they were going broke, he couldn't keep up the farm.He loved his property. He loved Mount Vernon. He wanted to stay home, but there are numerous entreaties that needs to go to Philadelphia and sit in that special chair, which I visited many time where the sun is rising or falling depending on how you look at it according to Benjamin Franklin.BAIER: Yes.LEVIN: And so, he was persuaded wasn't he?BAIER: He was, and that's really the biggest lesson of Washington is that his service, numerous times in his life, he chose to serve. I mean, he was a reluctant servant.He went to the war, became the commander of the forces, really fired up in the revolutionary war, a force that was a ragtag bunch with at times ratted clothes, and bloodied feet and at Valley Forge was a crucible they had to get through.They beat the British and he is seen as this big figure in leading that effort. He goes back though to Mount Vernon. That is what he loves. He loves his farm, he loves his wife, Martha, and he wants to stay there. He thinks he has served.But they need him because the Continental Congress and the Articles of Confederation were loosely holding the country together, the colonies together. They were not cutting it. There were a lot of different disputes that did not have any unity overall in all the different colonies.So he is called to be the leader again in the congressional -- the Constitutional Convention and he reluctantly agrees.He kind of got some rheumatoid arthritis. He doesn't really want to get in the carriage all the way up to Philadelphia, but he says for the good of the country, he is going to do it.He gets there and not surprisingly, he is elected the head of the Constitutional Convention and sits in this chair that is very ornate and carved.And you're right, Benjamin Franklin looks at that chair in one of the carvings and says, you know, the sun on the back of the chair, it is either rising or setting and fortunately, when they finish in 1787 at the end of the summer, it is rising.But it is his service that's the biggest part of Washington's life.LEVIN: Now, he sits there and watches the delegates duking it out. It is very intense. It will determine if the United States is the United States. They still have to get it ratified when they are done and if you read Madison's notes, did Washington say much during the Constitutional Convention?BAIER: He didn't. He was pretty silent throughout it and purposely so. He believed as kind of the arbiter sitting in that chair, he should keep his thoughts to himself until the end, but he was over watching presence.He gave the convention a gravitas in just his presence, but he was silent a lot of the time. He did get into the middle of disputes and try to really find common ground. He thought that it was good to have this dissent and this back and forth over big issues like representation for small states and big states, that was a big deal; like what the executive should look like and what it should be called.You know, we forget that this is the formation of this country that has developed in this room and there was no blueprint. They had thrown out the Articles of Confederation. They had said, you know, we are going to start from scratch. That document is the result of compromise and common ground and Washington was at the center of it.LEVIN: It really is a great book. "To Rescue the Constitution: George Washington and the Fragile American Experiment." You're going to love this book.I know my audience, I know you folks, you love history. You love our founders despite all the grief they take and this is the book. You can get it at amazon.com and any major retail store.And those of you who know how to defend Washington because he is the father of the country, now you will really know why to defend Washington virtually every aspect of Washington.My question to you, Bret Baier is this: The character of this man, he has the key roles in the revolution. He has the key roles in the Constitutional Convention. He has the key role as the first president of the United States. What is it about this man that drew the attention of all of these different personalities? Different parts of the country by different attitudes, what was it?BAIER: He was a unifying figure. He was somber, humble. It was never about him, it was always about the greater good for the citizens of the country.He was the living embodiment of the new government to be. You know, there was no blueprint to say how it was going to be. There was no someone before leaving a note in the desk telling him what is going to happen.There was no torch passing. He was the torch and in that, he understood the gravity of the situation. He was not a great order. He wasn't fiery. He wasn't the guy that's slapping everybody on the back like Ben Franklin.He wasn't the young Hamilton who was giving speeches. He was really the embodiment of steady sober coming together of a nation, and he tamped it down some of the chaos that was happening at that time.You know, I think there is a lot to learn from that time and that man to today, and I write about it in the beginning and the end of the book.Obviously, Mark, you talk about it all the time. We could use a George Washington. We could use leaders who get to the next level.But I do think that there is a lot to learn in where we have been, and each one of these books, you know, I am a reporter of history, I am not a historian, but I do in this process find these nuggets that tell a story in a lot different way, in a narrative way that hopefully, especially young people who are not getting enough history in schools, who aren't not getting really how our nation was informed, can read this and say, wow, it fills in a lot of blanks for me about how our country was formed and who this man was.LEVIN: You know, you're a reporter, now reporters can be patriots, too. And that is what you are and that is why you write these books.You also write about Mount Vernon itself. I have been there many, many times. They've really improved it. It's such a fastening place with these various documents and so forth.What would you say to the American people out there about Mount Vernon? How it reflects on Washington's life? And if they are going to visit Washington, they really ought to make sure they go to Mount Vernon.BAIER: One hundred percent. It's a fabulous place. I was just out there and spoke -- it was the 10th Anniversary of the library there I know you have been active as a part of that and some of the documents there. It is fabulous.And they have everything that you could think about. George Washington and Martha Washington at the library there, but Mount Vernon itself is this sprawling, beautiful property overlooking the Potomac River, and you know, it became the center of the political and the nation really, as Washington was there after the war and after his presidency.He welcomed people to Mount Vernon, and honestly, if you are going to see the founding of our country, Mount Vernon is a part of it and it is worth going out there. They do a fantastic job and really lay out Washington's life in visual form. That's the place he wanted to be more than any place in the world.LEVIN: You know, I regret we cannot discuss your book more because there's so much we have not even touched on. I want to encourage people, that's why people write books, you cannot cover it on TV and radio the way you should."To Rescue the Constitution: George Washington and the Fragile American Experiment." It is out Tuesday.BAIER: It is out Tuesday.LEVIN: This is our first interview.BAIER: We've got an hour special on Sunday, Sunday night 10:00 PM that actually puts a visual sense on a lot of this book, but you talking about it and you know, your love of history and how you tie that into today that is really why I wanted to come here first, it is because if anybody gets it, you get it.LEVIN: It is an honor and you also came to the best audience of audiences because they love this, too.Folks, you can get this book and I encourage you to get it right now on amazon.com and on Tuesday, it is released. Grab your copy, and tomorrow night at 10:00 PM, Eastern, not long after my Sunday show, a fantastic, I guess, you would call a little documentary will be presented.BAIER: Yes.LEVIN: I saw pieces of it that you've played on your program. Absolutely fantastic. I wish you all the luck with this book because history, particularly about the founding, particularly about Washington is crucial.God bless you, my friend.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Up next, Stephen Miller and the atrocities occurring on our southern border.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America, to this Special Episode of LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN as we take a look back at some of the great patriots we've had on their show this year.The handling or should I say mishandling of the dire situation on the southern border is one of the biggest blunders of the Biden administration, it only continues to get worse.Stephen Miller has some ideas on how to fix the problem. Go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: This issue of the border.According to the Marxist left, which has heavy representation throughout our media, particularly MSNBC and CNN. Should President Trump win the presidency, you should do nothing about all the people who have come into our country, millions and millions and millions of people.We know terrorists had been stopped, you have to assume some got through. We know the drug cartels are present in every state, in every metropolitan area. We know that tens of thousands of women had been sold into sex trafficking. Little kids have been sold into sex trafficking."The New York Times" even did a piece months ago about 85,000 young teenagers who basically are slave labor throughout our corporate business environment in this country.And this has all been done because Joe Biden has allowed it. My question to you, sir, is this: Under our Constitution, you commit a high crime if you defy federal statutes, if you take steps that do not protect the national security of the country, that is a high crime. That is what the framers meant.I know, I went back and looked, this one's not even in dispute. I'm not even talking about money or anything else. Should not this be one of the major issues when and if the House Republicans take up the issue of impeaching President Biden?STEPHEN MILLER, FOUNDER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL: It is absolutely critical that Articles of Impeachment be sent from the House to the Senate for both Mayorkas and Biden for their conspiracy to commit human trafficking, drug trafficking, smuggling, illegal immigration, and the violation of dozens of federal immigration statutes.Now, people will say, well, they have federal immunity for these crimes. That's the reason why the impeachment process is so essential. You must use the impeachment process to hold them accountable and remove them from power.LEVIN: When you watch Joe Biden relentlessly talk to Israel behind their backs to other countries and apparently to Netanyahu and the government of Israel, claiming concern about citizens in Gaza. How seriously can you take a man who could in 24 hours reverse course on what he is doing on the southern border and protect the citizens of the United States? Why is it that he is so focused on the Jewish state and not focus on his own state?MILLER: Well, there is a disease in the mind of the American left that fundamentally disallows, prohibits any feeling of support for national sovereignty here in America, any affinity for America as a coherent nation state.The idea that America has inherent interest in controlling who can and cannot enter the country and controlling the flow of immigration, all of these thoughts have been banished by the modern left to the point in which the left celebrates it as a virtue to flood this country with millions of unknown masses, to demolish and unravel our institutions, to break down social trust, to break down community bonds.All of the things that happen when you take a city or a place, and then overnight, transform it with countless people who speak a different language, have a different cultural value set, have a fundamentally different way of looking at the world with no process for assimilation, no process for integration, not to mention the fact that their very being here is an act of criminal trespass, compounded by one crime after another, stealing a Social Security number, working illegally, failing to pay taxes -- crimes that are amnestied through the inaction of DOJ, through the deliberate inaction of the Department of Labor and Homeland Security, that if committed by an American citizen, would have them ruined.They would be in jail, their businesses stolen, their livelihoods take it, so American citizens are forced to watch not only as their communities are changed without their consent, with the laws that they must comply with and the taxes that they must hand over are not taken or taxed from the illegal aliens, and those laws do not apply to those illegal aliens.It is a two-track society, citizens live under one set of rules; illegal aliens are exempt from every rule.LEVIN: Well said, and I do find it interesting that Biden and the media and the Democrats never tell us when enough is enough and too many is too many. They never put a number because they don't want a number.And I also find it interesting and not coincidental, purposeful, that the same people who hate our country, whether they be in the media, the Democratic Party or elsewhere, in our colleges and universities, tenured professors who trash our history, who trash our founding, who trash capitalism, are the same people who want the borders wide open to import people from different cultures.And you mentioned assimilation. It's harder and harder to assimilate into a country that's destroying its own culture and many of the same people who insist on these open borders insist that we destroy our own culture so there is nothing to assimilate into.I want to thank you, Stephen Miller, for all the hard work you're doing. And I'm very, very sorry that you have to be a target of such racist, bigoted, antisemitic individuals throughout the media. Take care of yourself.MILLER; Thank you, Mark. And it's a small but unfortunate price to pay to be able to have this platform like I had with you today to fight for what's right and just in America.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: When we return, my buddy, Stephen A. Smith talks sports and politics.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to Fox News Live. I'm Bryan Llenas in New York.Special Counsel Jack Smith is challenging former President Trump's claim he should have absolute immunity from criminal prosecution. In a new court filing, he says Trump's claim: "Threatens to license presidents to commit crimes to remain in office."The filing comes less than two weeks before the immunity issue comes before an Appeals Court. Trump's team is asking for the court to throw the case out.The US Supreme Court has already rejected to fast-track the case.Cities across the world up in the finishing touches on their New Year's Eve preparations. Right here in New York City, more than a million people are expected to ring in the New Year with the iconic ball drop in Times Square.Mayor Eric Adams said the city is beefing up security this year due to the Israel-Hamas War.I am Bryan Llenas. Now, back to LIFE, LIBERTY, & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I hope you are enjoying the holiday season.A few months ago, I caught up with my buddy, Stephen A. Smith who told me all about politics in the world of sports. Here is what he had to say. Go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: We have a good friend of mine, Stephen A. Smith.You know Steven A. Smith, I am glad you're here.People say, why do you talk about him? Why are you friends with him? I don't understand that question. Do I have to be friends only with people who agree with me? Hell, my wife doesn't agree with me all the time. My wife, who you know. It's just ridiculous. But tell people why we're friends, why we get along?STEPHEN A. SMITH, AUTHOR, "STRAIGHT SHOOTER): Well, first of all, I had the pleasure of meeting you years ago at a radio convention. And I've always found you to be somebody who tells it like you see it and you know where Mark Levin is coming from, whether you like it or not and that's something obviously we have in common.We speak our mind, we speak what we believe our truth is, and should be, and we go with it from there. And if we disagree, we can disagree without being disagreeable, which is what this world should be all about. So it doesn't matter to me whether our politics agree or don't agree.I know I respect the hell out of you. I know that's reciprocated and, and that's how friendships are made, as far as I'm concerned.LEVIN: You have a great new podcast, "Steven A. Smith Show," a podcast on YouTube. You've got "First Take," outstanding show on ESPN. You also have a wonderful book "Straight Shooter." That was on "The New York Times" bestseller list for two-and-a-half months for crying out loud. That's a long time.SMITH: Yes.LEVIN: But you want to kind of spread beyond sports. You don't want to eliminate sports, you don't want to leave it behind. That's your bread and butter. That's your wheelhouse. You're the Rain Man in sports as far as I'm concerned. I can ask you any question. You'll say, well, 1974, and I'm going, whoa, whoa, what the hell.But anyway, so -- but the truth is, you want to get involved in the culture, politics to a point in society because you have thoughts about that, too.And if I'm correct, I believe you've told me, you're not a Republican, you're not a Democrat. You're an Independent.SMITH: That's correct.LEVIN: You have voted both ways before. You have an open mind about candidates, so when you're watching -- without getting in the names, when you're thinking about candidates, what do you want any candidate?SMITH: Competence, knowledge, but more importantly, than anything else, particularly when it comes to the presidency, statesmanship. I want somebody that understands that they are overseeing and they're governing all of the people, not just their constituency, and they're putting America first, not just their own specific interests.As a voter, we may tend to do that, obviously, for the most part, whatever your position is immigration, abortion, the economy, the list goes on and on.As a voter, you may have a monolithic view in terms of those things or certainly where your passion lies, but when you are an elected official, your job is to do what you perceive to be in the best interest of the country.And obviously, from time to time that varies. There's not a direct monolithic view to take at all times, as far as I'm concerned. But I think statesmanship goes a long way towards that and putting America First as opposed to our own individual self-interest.There is a lot of decisions as an individual that I may make, that I might believe is in my best interest, but if I were the president of the United States, if I was a senator, if I was a congressional figure, then it would be -- I would take into account my constituency, and most importantly, what's in the best interest of the whole as opposed to small individual parts.That's what I believe governing is all about, and that's what I take into consideration anytime I'm voting for someone.LEVIN: You're not an ideologue. You've told me that. You like to look at issues. You might go with a Republican, you might go with a Democrat.SMITH: Yes.LEVIN: But in that, you're in the minority, aren't you? Because a lot of the hosts in sports tend to be Democrats, tend to be left-wing, not all, but a lot of them. A lot of the athletes particularly depending on what the sport is, same thing.Do you ever discuss politics or anything other than sports when you're not on air with these folks.SMITH: Well, sometimes they try to get a little bit out of hand, and then I check them. That's what I do. Certainly, when they try to debate with me, I'm ready for it. If I'm not knowledgeable about something, I'm open and honest about it. If I believe I am knowledgeable about it, then I'll express that knowledge.But more importantly than anything else, the issue of fairness comes into play, and a lot of times, when you see people like yourself, or Sean Hannity on the right or others on the left, or what I consider to be a left centrist somebody like Chris Cuomo and others, I take into account not just your knowledge, but where you're coming from and why you feel the way that you feel.A lot of times when we see people and they are dogged in their beliefs, it is one thing to express that doggedness with the level of adamance and emphasis that you may place on it, a lot of times what I take into consideration is what is coming from the other side and how you're warding that off.The fact that there are people who are unreasonable, who won't lean on facts and elect to lean on emotion, and elect to lean on preference or ideology, as opposed to what's in the best interest of the whole, these are all the things that I analyze and I take all of those things into consideration depending on who I'm talking to.And the more reasonable somebody is, the more I'm apt to listen to them because number one, they're making sense, and number two, they're expressing and disseminating a strong interest in being fair and fair minded.And when that is the case, I think those are the kinds of people you want on Capitol Hill, because those are the kinds of people that can talk to Mark Levin and they could go on CNN, or vice versa. They don't have to stay on one side because they understand their position is somewhat universal to some degree and it's in the best interest of the whole and when that's the case, it's hard for anybody to look at you and question your intent.And when they don't get to question your intent, then it's hard for them to argue with anything other than facts and that's what I think the vast majority of American citizens need particularly in this day more so than ever.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: Next, writer and professor, Chris Rufo exposes how the radical left have turned our schools into Marxist indoctrination centers.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back.This past summer on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN, I was joined by the very impressive Manhattan Institute senior fellow, Christopher Rufo. He is a brave author and patriot.He has been instrumental exposing the left's takeover of our educational system. Take a listen to what he uncovered about the history of DEI in education and how we can get ourselves out of this mess. Go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: We have the great Christopher Rufo with us, Manhattan Institute, senior fellow, "City Journal" contributing editor. This man has been fighting, I'd say for decades to draw America's attention to CRT and how the radical left are destroying our culture.And now, he has put it in a fabulous book, "America's Culture Revolution: How the Radical Left Conquered Everything."Chris Rufo, really terrific book, let me ask you a question. They control the culture now, don't they?CHRISTOPHER RUFO, SENIOR FELLOW, MANHATTAN INSTITUTE: They do, and this is part of a long standing campaign on the left.You know, in the late 60s and early 70s, the radical left thought they could violently overthrow the US government, that certainly collapsed during the Nixon administration. Then they devised a new plan, the long march to the institutions, taking control of all of our elite cultural production from the inside and that is exactly what we've done.This book traces it from the beginnings, the origins in the late 1960s, all the way to the explosion and really the revelation of these trends during the summer of George Floyd. And so it's not by accident that conservatives feel besieged, they see Marxist ideology in all of these institutions.This is part of a plan, something that I really worked to expose in the book.LEVIN: And this plan was really developed by Italian communists, by German communists that had an enormous influence on our communists in our universities and colleges that you point out here.The plan was to not violently overthrow America or any democracy, although they would be great if you could. But tell me if I'm wrong, they said, look, the proletariat, the people are not going to rise up and overthrow this place. Lenin said, it has to be top down. And Gramsci and these others said, we've got to conquer their cultural institutions, and isn't that exactly what they're doing?RUFO: Yes, that's exactly right.In fact, in the 1970s, the top neo-Marxist philosopher, Herbert Marcuse, wrote explicitly that the working class and the middle class in the United States was not just non-revolutionary, but anti-revolutionary, meaning most middle class Americans and working class Americans were happy with the country, happy with its principles. And so they said, we need to lead an elite revolution that unites the intellectuals on university campuses, and the underclass in the inner cities, to put pressure in two ways on the American public and to launder these revolutionary and radical ideas through the institutions.And so these aren't explicitly anti-American. They're explicitly anti- capitalist. And in some cases, they have a racial dialectic that is explicitly anti-White. They see that as a potent rallying cry for their revolutionary movement, and when you see the evidence from 2020, you kind of look back on that in astonishment, you realize it's just been a cycle that's been repeating for decades.There are really no surprises. You have to pin it down, see where it comes from if you want to hope to defeat it.LEVIN: I'll tell you what I love about your book, which by the way, you can get an amazon.com, "America's Cultural Revolution." My people come up to me all the time and say, how did we lose our classrooms? How did we lose our language here? How did we lose women's sports? And you go through it, you explain it, so how did we lose it all?RUFO: Well, the education system is key. I mean, look, Marxists and radicals all over the world know that in order to control the future of a country, you have to control the transmission of values and the transmission of values in a large public school system, like we have in the United States, comes in the public school classroom.So they were very explicit, they got first a hundred neo-Marxist intellectuals working in the field of education in the universities, and then they spread their ideas through the K through 12 bureaucracy. And what they've done brilliantly is then concretize, and force those ideas through so-called diversity, equity and inclusion programs, to the point where now what I've discovered is that the Marxist revolutionary literature of the late 1960s from radicals like the Black Panther Party and the Weather Underground, is now exactly the same that is softening the language, as many of the K through 12 curricula in states like California, Washington, Oregon, and Illinois.And so we've seen this remarkable traveling from the fringes of the radical literature, all the way into your child's kindergarten classroom. You need to know the history, you need to know where it comes from, and you need to see beyond the manipulative language if you want to get this out of the classroom and if you want to re-instill American principles in America's public education.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: After the break, the great scholar and professor John Ellis. He reveals why higher education is not one of the greatest threats to America today.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America. Just recently, I spoke with John Ellis who has been sounding the alarm on the higher education system in our country and the dangerous progressive agenda that is infiltrating the minds of our students. Go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: We're here with Professor John Ellis, distinguished professor emeritus, University of California Santa Cruz. I'll bet that was fun.He has written a great book: "The Breakdown of Higher Education," which we've discussed with him in the past. He really is a scholar on the subject. Chairman of the California Association of Scholars and he wrote a piece in "The Wall Street Journal" titled "Higher Ed has become a threat to America."You lay it out in the article, but I wanted to dig a little deeper with you, Professor. So tell us how this has come to be and what's taking place on these campuses?JOHN ELLIS, PROFESSOR EMERITUS, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SANTA CRUZ: Well, the main thing that I'd like people to understand much more than they apparently do is that our entire educational system has been captured by a radical left, far-left sect.This is a complete catastrophe for the country. Something has to be done about it. An advanced society cannot let this radical group take over its entire educational system and use it for its own purposes. Something must be done to stop this.In the article, I listed a number of really catastrophic problems that society is facing that everyone can see. For example, when with crime out- of-control, old beautiful cities like San Francisco made unlivable by that; our children's test scores in the schools are just terrible, disgraced for an advanced society really; our borders in a complete chaos by design, not by neglect, not by accident.I explained how every single one of these huge problems the society faces now can be traced back to the corruption of our higher education system by political radicals.On the campuses, the nuclear family and that sort of suburban house with two parents, two children, a dog and a lawn, which everybody else sees as a rather pleasant place and the fulfillment of the American Dream. On campus, that is viewed with horror.Now, the average radical professor sees that as the source of all evil because that's the place where those awful traditional American values are passed on from parents to children. And so radical activists know they've got to break that transmission from parents to children, that's why we're seeing the fight between parents and teachers at the moment all over the country.So I tried to lay out in the article all the ways in which very serious problems, which we've never seen the like off before in this country, the severity of them, the unexpectedness of them, they all originate from these corrupt campuses.LEVIN: You know, Professor, we can also track millions of dollars pouring into these colleges and universities from foreign governments, as they did in the 30s and 40s from the Nazi regime. They're pouring into this country through a Hamas network of funding operations. They're pouring into this country through the Communist Party with Confucius Institutes.We have people coming into this country through student visas, many of them don't leave, that's not being tracked carefully where they're coming from. They're not assimilating into our society. That's become obvious.These college campuses are almost like little Stalinist empires. They demand money from the taxpayers. We spend billions of billions of dollars on them. If you want any kind of oversight or any effort by these same entities that fund them to look at them, whether it's Congress, or whether it's state legislatures, they yell about academic freedom, they yell about free speech, they yell about right wingers trying to ban books and ban professors and on and on and on.When I was writing, "Plunder and Deceit," I came across several articles that explained how faculty often hires faculty. They hire the same faculty that had the same ideology and belief system. They only give grants and bonuses and other forms of merit to people who agree with their point of view.So we have basically this incestuous activity that's going on within the faculty, and then many of the administrators are chosen from that faculty. Is that your experience? Is that what your knowledge tells you as well?ELLIS: Absolutely, yes.Now, the administration used to be the quality control. You know, the administration would the answer to the most distinguished, the most brilliant members of the faculty and they had a license very, in a way granted by those first grade faculty to police the quality of what was going on in the classrooms.Now, that is broken down completely. The radicals are in charge, and the radicals have seized control of the appointment committees for administrators, so now, college administrators whose job was quality control, they are now in fact, quite different. They are now the -- their job now is to protect the radical faculty. They are extensions of the radicals.So that anyone who says to you, well, why don't we help the administrators get a grip of this situation? No, no, no. Those administrators are creatures of the radicals now. They are licensed by the radicals to protect the radicals.And if anyone actually complains about the quality of what's going on, about the fact that there's radical indoctrination, instead of real education, the administrators who will stand in the way, they stop any inquiry.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: When we come back, some final words I would like to share with you.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.As you begin a New Year, I hope we make a resolution to do something that will better our families, our communities, and our country and preserve the ideals upon which our incredible nation was founded.From my family to yours, we wish you a very Happy New Year and I will see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.