SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Unfortunately that's all the time we have left. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity for foxnews.com hannity.com, News anytime, anytime every time. But in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is up next to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes! Happy Tuesday, everybody. It's good to be back, so last night after all the campaigning and spending Ron Nikki and Vivek were on the receiving end of yet another Trump thumping. The three finishing second, third and fourth, just like women at a women's swim meet. Because the dude always wins. They join a long list of Trump thumpies. Remember the big stage back in 2015? What a photo. That's like Justin Timberlake with the rest of NSYNC.In the end, Trump bumped each of them off like it was the last act of Goodfellas. Those weren't debates, they were crime scenes. They were -- there should be yellow crime tape around each of their podiums. Good thing Christie was already gone before Iowa. You know how much chalk it takes to outline that body? You shouldn't laugh at that. He's struggling. So last night it wasn't really a caucus, it was a carcass. I guess Pramila predicted it, right.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): Let's talk about the fact that President Trump incited an erection.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And last night, he did. So what is last night's result mean for November? Well, while everyone has an opinion, we can't be sure. Because let's face it, there are only four people in America who really know what a caucus is. And three of them are Karl Rove. And Kamala thinks a caucus is a plant with pointy stuff on it. But still, it looks like the Trump Train has just blasted out of the station, not even Pete Buttigieg can derail it.But since we -- since we all knew that this would happen despite the other candidates spending a combined $250 million bucks campaigning. Was it really necessary? Think about that, $250 mil for an election, the Republicans knew would turn out this way with Trump way out on top. That's a lot of money to waste when you could invest it in a couple of Hunter Biden paintings. Point is for the sake of chasing an illusion, couldn't that money have been directed elsewhere? Like maybe at the guy the Republicans are trying to beat in November?No, not Michelle Obama. Who put that in there? Here's what pisses me off. OK. We're told this caucus is necessary, even though we knew Trump was going to win big and all the hundreds of millions spent would be wasted. And what happens? They called it in 30 minutes. The reasoning is it's a blowout, so why wait? Wow, that's exactly the same reason for ignoring the caucus, except now they just wasted millions to prove that point.That's a ton of money that could be used to fight Biden but spent on a foregone conclusion. Look, Trump is less than perfect, who isn't? He's got baggage. But remember, most of that baggage is put there by the Dems. And he does make it easy for him -- for them. But they do the same to every Republican nominee no matter who it is. And with every poll showing a margin between Trump and his rivals, that's wider than the gaps in Jesse Watters resume.You got to ask, was this money well spent? It's true. With every metric shows the country is going in the wrong direction and the Dems gearing up to spend the GNP of Brazil to keep Mr. Magoo's finger on the button. And by the button I mean is Life Alert. I'm thinking whatever the challenges are spent that cash on was in the wrong places. Hell, Bud Lights marketing team spent money more wisely.Meanwhile, the Trump train ran over more than the other candidates. It also barreled straight over the collective psyche of the lefty media, who right now appear about as stable as Jerrold Nadler juggling three rotisserie chickens on a unicycle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEX WAGNER, MSNBC HOST: Trump has in some ways become religion for a certain section of the American electorate. And especially for evangelicals.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: This is a state that is over represented -- overrepresented by white Christian.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: We can all sit here and put on sackcloth and ashes and -- and moan about Donald Trump getting 51 percent of the vote. I got to say for people who actually want to win general elections, that's not good news.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: There is an authoritarian movement inside Republican politics that isn't being bamboozled by Trump, they are pushing Trump to get more and more extreme.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It's good to see Tony Dow is still working. And he passed away, I believe. Anyway, still kind of funny, though. But Rachel, I am so sorry this happened to you. But can I suggest something, maybe pace yourself? It's going to be a long election. And we all knew what the outcome would be but you're already melting down like a Hershey bar in Anna Navarro's armpit. But of all the media takes, here's my favorite from Dick Morris. Remember that fella? Watch closely.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DICK MORRIS: Well, I think Trump is going to score a huge victory. I think the media is going to try to downplay it, because as you correctly said, they're basically supporting. They're supporting Nikki Haley.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The greatest. I mean who knew Dick Morris lives at the YMCA. Hard times, hard times, my friend. I can't even continue. Of course DeSantis and Nikki Haley are still in the race and they're receiving donations. The hope is that the clear front runner will somehow crash and burn the hope that lightning strikes. Or if Chris Christie cuts his brake lines. Yeah, like you could fit under a car. And for Biden, it would be when they finally admit the obvious and take him off solid food.Some Dems who live in the real world have labeled, DNR, do not reelect. And well Ron and Nikki hover about Vivek is looking like the smart one. He knew how this would go. So he took a shot raised his profile, and when the right time came, suspended his campaign. If Trump wins, you could bet he's looking at a big spot, maybe Secretary of foreheads. But it's not bad for a guy Joe Biden thinks should be running a 7-Eleven. So now we're left with the clear winner and two others praying that the main guy gets taken out, which is sort of like things around here on this show.Look, I get it. This is our process and whoever set it up, it's what we've got, and no system is perfect. But there's no denying that Iowa was like betting on the University of Michigan versus the St. Jude all-stars, betting millions on it. All for a mirage that never Trumpers and the media at left out would be real. And it's on to New Hampshire, the Live Free or vote Biden state where we'll be told Nikki is within striking distance and Ron DeSantis is the comeback kid, and more millions spent by the hope for disaster candidates and their supporters.But as the saying goes, hope is not a method. And the truth is we're almost certainly headed for a 2020 rematch, and the sooner we accept it the better. And personally, I like Trump's chances against this guy.It's kinda sad. The Dems are hoping Trump won't make it to November while praying Joe makes it past Wednesday.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guest. If I'm the poor man's Dennis Miller then he's the rich man's Greg Gutfeld. Comedian and activist Dennis Miller. She's like a downed power line, full of energy but will kill you if you touch her. Host of The Fox True Crime podcast, Emily Compagno. His baker's dozen refers to his monthly body count. Former CIA operative and host of the President's Daily Brief podcast, Mike Baker. Finally, she attracts more old white men than the Iowa caucus. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat TimpfGUTFELD: Dennis Miller, welcome to the show.DENNIS MILLER, COMEDIAN: Thanks for having me.GUTFELD: My pleasure. I liked that when you looked it over here and you said hey, I didn't know you sat.MILLER: Well, listen, I've known you for years and I have been on your other shows. It's just I -- the last couple of years I've been living as a resident expat. I don't pay as much attention as probably how I used to, I don't know because it's just the frustrating times in an odd way, but I -- I did not -- I have seen your many shows but I didn't know this one.GUTFELD: Oh, that's OK. What -- how did you feel about the outcome of last night? Were you surprised? Anything interesting or catch your eye?MILLER: Well, you know, as I said, I'm not following this closely. But I do know this, if Trump runs through this time, in the exact same manner he did last time, he's missing a huge opportunity. He always prides himself on saying, never apologize. People are looking for some sort of sign from him.If I was him, I'd come out somewhere soon and I would say, listen, I've been under an insane amount of pressure for a lot of years now, when you mix it in with my innate volatility, and the fact that I haven't played politics my whole life, I've made some mistakes. And I've been a little rough with certain people. And I just wanted to come out tonight and say, I think the country is in trouble. And I'm willing to violate one of my cardinal laws and say, I'm sorry, when I've missed the point.I think a lot of people out there would just say, because even the people like Trump, and you know that I think they think first off by the way, he also when he goes to the middle of the country, and stands in front of all these local functionaries, in Iowa, for instance, he should demand that the day before it gets there, they get a spray tan because he's standing out there looking like an old brown wallet, I've lost and they're behind him. It's like saddle shoes or something. He had to like try to meld in a little.But if I was him, I would just expect -- that would blow people's mind.GUTFELD: Just a little humility.MILLER: Not even that. Say the words, I apologize. You know how he always just prided himself. I apologized when I've missed the point. I think there's a lot of people that just hard zealots who would not like that. I think there's many more people in that middle pool think the country is going to hell.GUTFELD: You know what. What you're saying is like he -- all he needs to do is kind of give them a reason to vote for them. And if that could be it. That could be the one.MILLER: Well listen, Biden at this point, let's face facts, he thinks bottled water tastes better if you shake it real hard. So he's -- there's a lot of people don't want to go down that road, but Trump doesn't afford them any breathing space. Even this if you said this to him, he will. It will never fly. He's just, OK I get it. But at some point, like a character in a movie, you want to see an arc, his arc right now would be to say, I've made some mistakes. I'm sorry.MIKE BAKER, FORMER CIA OPERATIVE: There's more chance of -- of a monkey riding a unicorn flying out of my ass?GUTFELD: But that happened last year.BAKER: But I like -- I liked your thought. That did happen last year.GUTFELD: I don't know how you did that. I know. Well, I got it fixed. Why don't you bring an answer? I'm tired of your (BEEP).BAKER: I think what --GUTFELD: Get it together, Mikey. You're on television.BAKER: Yeah, I can get this at home. I think what he should do is I think he should apologize. That's already been -- I'm sorry. I don't have an original thought on this one. Did you watch last night? Mikey, did you watch last night? Did I watch last night? So I am the host of the country's Fastest Growing News podcast, the President's daily brief, I am obligated to watch things.GUTFELD: Anything strike your interests?BAKER: Yes and no. No, I didn't this time around. You know, the one thing that struck me is that the -- the only person probably happier about the result and that massive margin of victory than Trump was the Democratic strategist because they are building their entire plan, their battle plan for the next several months around Trump and around the idea and it's not even just MAGA deplorable's anymore. They are already moving the narrative to say it's every Republican.It's -- it's Trump and anyone who votes for him regardless of where they may actually sit on the political spectrum. And whether they like the policies and they don't like Trump, whatever. They're just throwing everybody in that basket now.GUTFELD: Yeah.BAKER: And so that's -- that's what struck me.GUTFELD: Yeah, it's now a stadium, Emily. Emily, what a lovely color tonight.EMILY COMPAGNO "OUTNUMBERED" CO-HOST: Thanks.GUTFELD: Yeah, I'm talking about my sweater.COMPAGNO: I -- you never say anything nice.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's always a trick.COMPAGNO: Yeah.GUTFELD: You fell for it again, Compagno. What -- what did you gain from last night? Any wisdom?COMPAGNO: I don't know about wisdom. But what I what struck me was the disparity as always, between what Iowans said, and what the mainstream liberal media, how they characterized what they said. So we know that coming out of that historical vote, that people found that immigration was the most important issue. And among the top issues for those that it was paramount, and that was characterized by this Left wing media as being about skin color.They said it was about racism. They said it was about a negative view of America first and the lake. They have been painting the bottom of their screens with all of these people leading the polls or leading you know, the in the exit polls, said that they didn't believe Biden actually won the election and that it wouldn't matter if Donald Trump was convicted. They are shoving these voters into the same boxes that they want them to reside in.But the overwhelming 82 percent of those Iowans that voted for Trump, they voted for him the number one reason because he would fight for people like me. And the difference between how this administration views Americans and how the left wing media views Americans is that the like me, is whatever box they shove them in, when the reality is you can't paint the same brush as every single voter for Trump.It's every American, it's every skin color. It's everyone who is sick and tired of being told what to do, and how to cook and how to drive and what to drive and what their money has to go toward and what to educate their kids on. It's everybody that is sick and tired of being told day in and day out that they can think better for us. So keep it up though, Democrats, because you are going to get trounced in the national election. Just wait.GUTFELD: All right, Kat. See how they applauded when I go to you. You should learn something about -- you should learn from that, Emily. They applauded when I went to Kat. What are your thoughts here, goes out this segment --TIMPF: No, I'm still talking about the underwear guy. OK.GUTFELD: Let's talk -- OK, let's talk --TIMPF: Can we please talk about it?GUTFELD: Let's talk about this --TIMPF: There are so many things -- because he walked in and did more -- he didn't react which means he knows this guy. He knows him very well. And he's so confident when he walks in. He doesn't even stop, right. And like, I get that he has a -- like if I ever get a boob job, I will show him that picture. That guy had a great set on him.GUTFELD: Yes, he did.TIMPF: He was so confident -- as far as you know, my husband on a zoom call. I'm like, oh, I'm so sorry, right. And this guy's on TV just walks through. Nobody reacts. I mean, come on. You got to say I can't help but notice, sir, that a man in underwear with giant boobs just walked by your shop.GUTFELD: OK, all right --TIMPF: I spent almost all day googling for information. I found nothing.GUTFELD: Do you think -- OK, do you think this was a somebody's house adjoining hotel rooms? Some kind of swingers convention?TIMPF: Because he doesn't react and underwear man acts as if he's supposed to be doing that. Like why wouldn't I be doing that? Why would I have a shirt on? Why would I have pants on? Why wouldn't I walk in shorts?GUTFELD: And how many guys -- so many guys to wear white beaters anymore.TIMPF: No.GUTFELD: This is the perfect white --MILLER: Dick was doing a table read for Marty at the Kenley Players, that guy who just came in as the man.GUTFELD: That's true. You know --TIMPF: I couldn't walk into any room as confidently as he did that, I would be so much further in life.BAKER: So many people don't call them wifebeaters anymore either.GUTFELD: What do they call them now?BAKER: Tank tops.GUTFELD: Tank tops.BAKER: Tank tops.GUTFELD: Yeah, no, I know that's true.TIMPF: If anybody knows this man, I want tell me what happened.GUTFELD: I -- we need to get him on this show immediately.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: Up next, the World Economic Forum lacking in decorum.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: All right. Are hoes spanking billionaire behinds at a drug addled meeting of the minds, it's Davos where pampered elites meet to control how we think and eat. The World Economic Forum known as Davos is happening this week in Switzerland aka the Epstein Island of the Alps. It's the annual gathering of wealthy and powerful titans of industry and government. Imagine a meeting of the Illuminati plus fondue.They meet in theory to discuss the world's most pressing issues. You know, like what's the best way to eat sushi up a naked prostitutes butt cheeks. Kidding. This year, it's the intermingled concerns of extreme weather and misinformation or as MSNBC and CNN call it, their bread and butter. But you see they need the new issue of misinformation to protect the other issue, which is extreme weather. If you control both narratives, you protect and enhance your power.But in reality, those global elites are having as much sex and doing as many drugs as possible while the little woman's at home with the rug rats, and by little woman, I mean their illegal nanny, the trophy wife's busy banging the gardener. But there's quote, Caviar, magic mushrooms, gold-leaf desserts, A-list selfies and $2,500-per-night hookers, end quote.But how do the spouses feel when they read of their husbands engage in unbridled orgies, fueled by Dom Perignon, cocaine and Viagra in a luxurious winter getaway where even the most animalistic of moans get muffled by 1000 count linen sheets and goose down pillows? Do the wives simply assume it's a small price to pay to be married to a billionaire?As one anonymous attendee said, you can almost smell the magic of the place when you're there. Well, it's either the magic or the unmistakable blend of an old millionaire's sweaty balls in a hooker Chanel number five. Which reminds me, why am I not there? Oh, that's right. My dog sitter canceled. Mike.BAKER: Yeah?GUTFELD: Why aren't you there secretly assassinating global elites.BAKER: God. You know, I would do that pro bono.GUTFELD: Yes.BAKER: But yeah, I should -- I should -- be there.GUTFELD: What's going on over there?BAKER: I tell you what it is. Davos is -- is where all the swells go for a high end circle jerk. Yeah, and they -- they all -- they all just climb up each other's own ass right and talk about how wonderful they are. They make the same predictions year after year. They never actually -- if you've looked at it, what they talk about you have to you -- the way they talk about it. They've -- it never really changes. But I do like that our old friend and see I did some research.GUTFELD: Oh, good.BAKER: Yeah, I know. I never do research on this show. So our old friend --GUTFELD: And it shows.BAKER: It does. Yeah.GUTFELD: Your old friend --BAKER: Our old friend Anthony Scaramucci.GUTFELD: Yes.BAKER: -- who was there, he actually, he said if you look up name dropping in the dictionary, you'll see a photo of Davos. Now Scaramucci goes every year, right.GUTFELD: Yeah.BAKER: And but here's what he said. But you know what? I've never left the mountain meaning Davos without learning something important or making a new friend, which you could also say about going to a brothel.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Yeah. Scaramucci --TIMPF: -- you don't say that about like Dave and Busters.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's true. And it's more fun in Dave and Busters.BAKER: Than a brothel?GUTFELD: Yes. Kat -- wait, I want to ask Kat. Isn't the real point of Davos -- is Davos is to show off your wealth and status. But you paraded as a virtue, like I'm at Davos to talk climate. But everybody hears you're at Davos.TIMPF: Yes. I also think they want to make these parties sound more fun than they really are.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Because I did research to and by mushrooms, they actually gave out a micro dose of mushrooms last year, and there's no mushrooms this year. And sex party, OK, if that's true, then it's still a sex party with Bill Gates at it.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: No, thank you.GUTFELD: No, it is gross.TIMPF: Like your sex party can have everything in the world but if it has Bill Gates, I'm automatically uninterested.GUTFELD: Yeah. What if he wears a mask like one of those masks sex parties that Emily goes to?TIMPF: There's no way you can go longer than 30 seconds without telling somebody that he is Bill Gates.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true. You can't wear a mask if you're rich and famous because you want to do that. Emily, what do you make of this? Are you -- would you ever go to this?COMPAGNO: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes.COMPAGNO: If invited, yes. Wait, do you want to hear somethings sort of funny about what you just said. So literally, my friend owns a restaurant told me that Bill Gates came in one time, obviously under a pseudonym. No, it's under a pseudonym, like the reservations were made under a fake name. And he said that he was the only patron that ever had a credit card in the fake name too.GUTFELD: Ah.COMPAGNO: That's a side point. About Davos, I wanted to tell you guys that I don't really care that they -- it's a big orgy and they just talk about money, whatever, because they're supposed to be economists. I want my economists to love money. I want them to be the kind of sort of ridiculous flagrant hedonistic people, sure. Because in the long run, you would think it would mean that they would be committed to stimulating the economy. So I like it.What I don't like is when they go there, and then say that the biggest risks to our society are climate change and misinformation. It's like who did you pull, the Yale freshmen? The whole point is, everyone there now is either faking it or talking points. And the President made his comments about the -- he's against the global backdrop and everything he named, all the crises facing the world are because of Biden. He talked about Gaza. That wouldn't have happened under President Trump's watch, or any president that actually had a vertebrae.He talked about Russia invading Ukraine. He talked about the lockdown. He talked about the global supply chain being damaged. All of that (BEEP) is because we have a weak president, a feckless, invertebrate president. So I feel all the stuff that they're around the hook green and the drugs and stuff that they're talking about, is all because of this.GUTFELD: I'm afraid to ask. What is Gale freshmen?COMPAGNO: Yale freshmen.TIMPF: Yale.GUTFELD: Oh, Yale freshmen.BAKER: I heard that, too. I heard Gale freshmen.GUTFELD: I thought why is she talking about Gale freshman.COMPAGNO: Yale freshman.GUTFELD: Dennis.MILLER: Well, good Bill Gates, this. He always honored those orgies in tandem with Hawking. So people would look up and say, wow, Gary Cooper is there. I think this is where the global elite progressive left Democrats missed the point. You know, during FDR, the CCC stood for the Civilian Conservation Corps; it now stands for caviar, coke and champagne. They've lost touch completely, completely, utterly with their regular people.John Kerry will preach to you and listen. There's a part of John Kerry I admire when you're a Boston Brahmin and you end up in some tributary and the Nam on a flat vote and you don't have to be there you know, he could have got out of that. So yes, a dichotomy for that, I admire that part of him.But when you are John Kerry and you fly privately to Davos and sign what you construe to be important initiatives about global warming, and then -- keep this in mind he has to then get on the private jet fly back to America and have his wife cosign it because he does, no power of attorney and then he has to fly back over there. That's a -- that's a big -- that's a Sasquatchian global footprint.GUTFELD: That's another name for Bigfoot, Mike.BAKER: Sasquatch.GUTFELD: Up next, Hollywood hacks get inspired by Harvard's diversity hire.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Hollywood can't resist celebrating a plagiarist. According to "The Daily Mail," a multimillion-dollar bidding war has begun among producers and publishers for the rights to the life story of Claudine Gay, Harvard's disgraced former president. It's about time someone did movie adaptation, though, of "Family Matters."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: As much as $15 million has reportedly been offered to the pathological plagiarist, which is nearly enough to cover a Harvard student's 2024 meal plan. Film producers think a movie could be a blockbuster hit. Yes, nothing spells box office gold like repurposing other people's work, and she is the master. And it's clear Hollywood doesn't care about originality. That's why there's 11 "Fast and Furious" movies. Here is the latest.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: "Fast and Furious Number 2."One anonymous source says Claudine's story as Academy Awards written all over it, has depth and drama, real world controversy. It has everything an Academy Award winning film needs, except an audience willing to see it. In case you forgot, Gay resigned after barely six months as Harvard president when numerous instances of plagiarism were uncovered in her academic work. It turns out old Claudine was about as original as a mullet at a tractor pull.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And that was after she caused national outrage by refusing to say that calling for the genocide of Jews was a violation of Harvard's code of conduct. Some say she has already written a script, the first word being "Rosebud."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And they've already found the perfect actor to tell her story.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, doesn't it bum you out that leftwingers always have a safety net? If we get busted for something, Hollywood is not going to come and tell our story?TIMPF: No.GUTFELD: No.TIMPF: No. I still have a few options, though, probably.GUTFELD: Yes, do you.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: This movie, everything they have to say about it, they are missing the part that makes me want to see movies, which is, is it going to be entertaining? I think no. It doesn't sound very funny.GUTFELD: No, it doesn't. It doesn't. There is no rags to riches story here, Dennis. But Hollywood always twists the legacy of famous people, don't they? They'll make it so it fits their narrative.MILLER: Oppenheimer had nothing to do with the bomb.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And by the way, I want to say, you must be a good boss, because I'm right across from Kat, who I didn't recognize at first because I always thought of her as a blond, but I met her again in the back. And I can tell you're a benevolent or at least an understanding boss. There are so many yes people on these shows who have to laugh harder when they don't find it funny, or at least when they find it funny. And when she finds something funny, she laughs. And I can tell when a joke is not her cup of tea. She gets to sit there and just be demure. And I thought, I bet you Gutfeld is a good boss, because he doesn't insist --GUTFELD: No, I look at the tapes after.(LAUGHTER)MILLER: I like your approach.GUTFELD: And I keep track of everything.Emily, are you excited to hear her side of the story?COMPAGNO: No, I'd rather die. Look, the only --(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: The only reason that everyone is fighting over the rights is so that they can put it on their main page and pat themselves on the back because their self-created box again was checked. None of us are going to see it. None of us care. And the reason that actually she will probably thrive in it is because, clearly, as a plagiarist she does well with acting.GUTFELD: What do you think, Mikie?(LAUGHTER)BAKER: I think she failed upwards. She got to a job that she wasn't really qualified for. I like one producer who said, because I did more research, he said that the Claudine Gay story could be this era's "Roots." What a -- statement that is.(LAUGHTER)BAKER: So I don't even know. That's all I've got to say about that.GUTFELD: Coming up, rioters cause a fuss, but the media is nonplussed.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Why does the media lack the balls to cover protestors climbing walls? I guess you won't hear handcuffs click if you have the right politics. On Saturday night, thousands of anti-Israel protestors descended on the White House, shouting their greatest hits, like "long live intifada," and "F- Joe Biden," one I heartily support.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: They nearly ripped down a reinforced fence and spraypainted "Genocide Joe" on a statue of a revolutionary war general. And Secret Service evacuated non-essential personnel from the area. By non-essential, of course they mean Joe.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But thankfully, police arrested all the protestors so prosecutors could set sky high bail. I'm joking. What do you think this is, a land of equally applied laws? Now, you would think this would get a good amount of coverage, but this story disappeared faster than a Biden grandkid at Christmas.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I know, sad story. On Saturday CNN only briefly reported on it. ABC and NBC basically skipped it, because like tipping and Jesse Watters, it didn't fit the narrative.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: He's cheap. So it's another gorgeous double standard from the media because you know if it was a bunch of dudes in red hats trying to jump the fence it would be wall-to-wall coverage. It would be treated like Taylor Swift was dating Hamas. She's got options. The good news is the White House said President Biden was unharmed as he's been dead since 2022.Emily, they actually protested outside of a pediatric cancer hospital, yelling "shame on you." How low can you go?COMPAGNO: The footage of that here in the city, the cell phone pans up to the hospital, and there is a little boy in the winnow, a little pediatric patient watching those wastes of flesh repeat after the main person with the cone thing. It was so sad to me. It just underscores there's no limits with them. They are not actual ideologues. They're just doing whatever their leader tells them to do, wherever they're getting paid to go. There is no floor whatsoever because they went past it a long time ago.But the only thing that is going to make it change, the only way that we are going to see this end is for someone to stand up and say something that actually in a decision-making capacity. Again, not to hammer it home, sorry, but this administration, they are catering to these people. They are catering to these students, they are catering to this entire consist, and they're repeating it. So I don't see it ending any time soon.MILLER: Do you ever allow yourself, because I have in the last couple of years, to think it is not coming back around, that it has happened. People always say if we continue down this road, and they act like something is going to happen. One of the reasons I dropped out, in essence, is I do believe it happened. I do believe they are outside hospitals and now they're at cancer hospitals, screaming for the heads of the people in there.When people say, if they come back around, I'm not trying to be too cute by a half, but what if it doesn't? How do you come back from that? I'm not trying to be -- if you say this now, you are thought to be a harbinger of doom. And I'm just saying, I've seen enough that I think you have to start living your life inside-out. I think that's the only -- and that sounds like some monk coming down. I don't think you can take in what is happening now and have it not really flatten you. It seems completely upside down. We've fallen through some cosmic bunny hole. I think we have to living our lives inside-out where you take care of your own life, not selfishly. That means taking care of others. But I really, I've watched shows sometimes, and I think, how much worse could it get?GUTFELD: Yes, and it always gets worse. And you're right.TIMPF: I think what he is trying to say is we are --(LAUGHTER)MILLER: Wouldn't that open up a whole other antechamber of solution. I don't know what it is. I can't tell you. I don't have the wisdom. But I do look at it and think, almost everything I think is flipped upside down.GUTFELD: Yes.BAKER: Talk about flipped upside down, I feel like I've landed on the set of a PBS show.(LAUGHTER)BAKER: This is more intellectual --MILLER: I thought twice about saying it.BAKER: This is more intellectual than I have ever witnessed in any moment where I've sat in the same room as Greg.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I would take that as a compliment, because I'm a stupid guy.(LAUGHTER)MILLER: I'm sure it's coming around.BAKER: it will come around, come on. I think that the protests, look, most of these people couldn't find Gaza on a map if you opened up an atlas to the page marked Gaza, you circled it with a Sharpee, and you shoved it up their ass. They wouldn't know. And the history of Palestine, forget about it, right.Some of them, that's not true. Some of them are genuinely have been worried and following the cause. And every civilian casualty is a horrible thing. So you have to be very openminded about this conflict and understand. But Hamas started a war that nobody else except for Iran wanted. They did this, all right. And they continue to say we will keep doing it. And Iran's whole purpose in life is to destroy Israel. And every bit of instability that is happening in the Middle East right now is Iran's fault.So you have to have some perspective. Not that they will. They go out there. Some of these people at the White House, out in front of the White House were shouting slogans in support of the Houthi militants who are now launching missiles at U.S. Navy warships and commercial vessels. So you can't expect a lot from some of the people. Some of them are trust fund protestors and others. But it is what it is.GUTFELD: I've got to move on. Kat, did you want to add anything to saying we're --?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: First of all, you said everything that I was going to say.(LAUGHTER)MILLER: I'm sorry.(LAUGHTER)MILLER: I am just at a loss.TIMPF: And I'm honestly at a loss, I'm at a loss, too, and I don't have a lot of hope, either. And I also think it's pretty clear the reason that, Biden, he still wants those people to like him.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: So he's, of course, not going to do anything.GUTFELD: All right, we're going to something upbeat after this.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: The bubonic plague, is it coming back?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Up next, a federal agency whines about electronic signs.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Goodbye to funny electronic signs. Dennis, the Federal Highway Administration is giving states two years to stop displaying funny, witty messages on electric highway signs because they believe they distract and confuse drivers. Finally, Mayor Pete is doing something.MILLER: This just points it out. We are dropping pallets of cash in the middle of deserts of enemies in the middle of the night. We have no border. And this is -- people sit down, our leaders, that's how crazy we are. What else could they do in your life if they weren't your leader? They could do nothing. You wouldn't hire them to do your lawns because they would get hurt.(APPLAUSE)MILLER: They think that they are going to change the witticisms on electric signs that you see on the highway. And if you said to them, could we just have people not look at their phones while they are driving, can you make that a ticket-able offense, they would look at you and say you are crazy. You are so uptight. This is the new way. And this is what they come down. They are full of -- We have allowed them to take over completely. And we have made a grievous error, a grievous error. I don't know how we solve it. Everybody start thinking. Somebody in the crowd might come up with a great idea. But right now we don't have it. We've lost it. And we've lost it to morons.GUTFELD: There you go.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Mike, I did some research on who writes the jokes for these signs, and it's Jimmy Kimmel.(LAUGHTER)BAKER: When he gets out from Jimmy Fallon. This is the same thing as President Biden touting that he is getting rid of excessive ticket fees. That's what we're worried about. People sit around the kitchen table and go, you know, if I hadn't had to pay that extra $10 for StubHub to get that ticket to go see Chris Stapleton, my life would be a hell of a lot better than it is now.And so it's the same thing. It's solve these little problems. Don't tackle the big issues. That's what we've got right now. And I couldn't agree more with what Dennis also said, although I don't think we are getting any good ideas from this crowd.(BOOS)BAKER: I'm kidding.GUTFELD: Emily, bring the crowd back to you by saying how great they are.COMPAGNO: We love you guys.OK, so what I hate about this is yet again the government is taking away all the fun, taking away the comedy. Half of those funny, witty signs are because they have contests of the constituents, and then winner would get their -- use your blinker. I can't do a Massachusetts accent. But that was what was in Boston. And in Arizona they had keep your hands on the wheel, not your meal, because everyone is whatever. So it's like so funny.GUTFELD: Whatever.COMPAGNO: It reminds of when I entered to name the baby rhinoceros or whatever it was at the zoo in Seattle. The whole point is when you have contests that you can engage and be a part of it, then you want to. And I laugh at those signs. I think they're funny. But now it's going to suck.GUTFELD: All right, last word, Kat.TIMPF: I am insulted by this.GUTFELD: Yes?TIMPF: I don't drive, but if I did, let's just pretend that I do. Are people just laughing so hard at these signs that they are losing control of their vehicle? They're like veering into oncoming traffic, causing mass casualty events? because I have not seen any data on this.GUTFELD: I haven't either.TIMPF: People can handle -- there is so much more distracting stuff going on in all of our minds all the time that the sign with a joke on it isn't going to cause anyone to die.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes. But wouldn't it be a great movie if that was true.COMPAGNO: Better than the Claudine Gay movie.GUTFELD: All right, we've got to move on. Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Dennis Miller, Emily Compagno, Mike Baker, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT is next with dreamy Trace Gallagher. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)