LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: This is all kind of virtue signaling.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Of course. While he takes home his Golden Globes and Oscars. Yes.INGRAHAM: I have not seen "Barbie," and I don't feel like I'm neglecting life.ARROYO: Yes, you've missed nothing.INGRAHAM: Intellectual theatrical understanding.Raymond, thank you.All right, don't forget to set your DVR and remember, Jesse is next.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --[VIDEO CLIP PLAYS]DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I find it in life, you can't let people get away with bull [bleep].WATTERS: Nikki Haley, and the Independent factor. RFK, Jr. is here.[VIDEO CLIP PLAYS]KARI LAKE (R), FORMER ARIZONA GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE: Ten million, twenty million, thirty -- no, no, no. A billion? No. This is not about money. This is about our country.WATTERS: Secret tapes expose who picks our politicians.[VIDEO CLIP PLAYS]KAMALA HARRIS, THEN CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The federal government must step in. That's why we have the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act.WATTERS: The relationship between Biden and Kamala turning frosty.Plus --[VIDEO CLIP PLAYS]UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Keep the door closed. No.WATTERS: The general election started last night, Trump versus Biden, but one woman is standing in the way, Nikki Haley.So the revenge tour will be making a slight detour through South Carolina.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Who the hell was the impostor that went up on the stage before and like claimed a victory. She did very poorly actually. She had to win. The governor said she's going to win. She's going to win. She's going to win. But I don't get too angry, I get even.[LAUGHTER][CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]TRUMP: The only person --(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Is this Nikki Haley movement or a mirage?She landed in third place in a caucus with a few 1000 votes and won just a quarter of Republican votes in a small and moderate New England state where she outspent Trump two to one.PRIMETIME is curious about Nikki's army.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CNN REPORTER: Why did you vote for Nikki Haley?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To vote against Trump. I think it would be better to have her against Biden.CNN REPORTER: Do you consider yourself generally Independent, Republican, or Democrat?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Democrat.CNN REPORTER: If it was Nikki Haley against Joe Biden in a general election, who are you voting for?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden.MSNBC REPORTER: Who did you vote for and why?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, so thank you. I voted for Nikki Haley and it was certainly a strategic vote, but I wouldn't vote for her in a general election. A vote for Nikki Haley helps diminish Trump's influence.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Is Nikki Mirage a little sabotage? Because how much of the Haley vote is a vessel for Democrats and how much of the Haley vote is a vessel for Never Trump Republicans? I'm sure Nikki has a small faction of earnest Republicans, we don't doubt that. But we won't know the truth for a month.In between New Hampshire and South Carolina, Nikki and Trump will be getting their licks in at each other while Biden hides and expands his war chest. So that means it's going to be a messy month for Trump and Republicans.What's the Nikki strategy?Well, the theory is that East Coast kingmakers or queen makers rather with deep pockets will be financing Nikki through Super Tuesday, so she can collect enough delegates to leverage herself onto the ticket. The bank rollers will be using blunt force trauma to the head to create Republican party unity and tee up Nikki for VP and then POTUS in '28. This is a long shot for a lot of reasons, we get it. We don't need to get into all of it, but it's all moot if Trump can blow Nikki out so spectacularly in the Palmetto State that donors get alligator arms.Nikki loses her juice and then she limps into the convention as an insurance policy in case Trump's court cases throw us a curveball.So here's Trump's task, unite the party like he did in 2020 when 94 percent of Republicans turned out. Biden did the same thing, 95 percent of Democrats turned out then, but a quarter of the country are Independents.Now last time, both Biden and Trump came to that election with equal basis, but Biden won Independents by 13 points, and that was the difference.So Trump now has to unite his party with charm, little muscle, and an air of inevitability and then rally the Independents.Well, how does he do that? Policy. Trump dominates Biden on every major policy issue -- economy, immigration, crime, foreign policy. So if Trump stays calm and stays on message, he wins. Because Democrats won't be talking about policy this election. It'll be racism, personality, and dictatorship.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: I think that we're naive to think that he is tricking people into picking him and then surprise, he is going to act like a dictator.What he is offering is strongman leadership, the end of politics, the end of elections, the end -- or the sidelining or domesticating, as Ruth Ben- Ghiat says, of the Judiciary, and the Congress.He will be the man in charge, and he'll get it done, and that is what he is selling, and that's what they're very eager to buy.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So Democrats have to save democracy by slaying the dictator. Well, how are they going to do that? Apparently, by not campaigning for president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VAN JONES, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: If I were Biden, I would -- I would stay hidden, and I'll tell you why. He doesn't inspire confidence and he is not a great messenger for himself.There's something wrong with this campaign where we're somehow expecting Joe Biden frankly hid during the last campaign just come out now and be Flash Gordon and save his own campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So not only do they not want Joe Biden on the campaign trail, they don't want them on the debate stage.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST, "ANDERSON COOPER: 360": Are they going to be hiding in trenches? I mean, are they -- is it going to be -- I mean, are they going to be on the campaign trail? What is the campaign going to look like? Are there going to be debates?KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: It's going to be --DAVID AXELROD, CNN CHIEF POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: I think that's an open question.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden's going to let prosecutors in the press wage the campaign against Trump. Don't you see, saving democracy from dictatorship requires hiding the president from the public, arresting Republicans and canceling debates.It is just an excuse, because we're looking at the weakest president since Carter. Last night, we learned 10 percent of Democrats will not vote for him under any circumstances. 40 percent of Democrats say he's too old for a second term, and a majority of Americans think he is mentally deficient.But we're stuck with the oldest and most unpopular president in American history, because he let Obama pick his DEI vice president, so he can't pass the torch. He has to run again. By running again, I mean, not running again.So will Independent voters choose Trump, the man who won't campaign or debate Trump, or another candidate?Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. is an Independent running for president. He joins me now.RFK, Jr. What did you learn from New Hampshire?ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I guess -- I guess, you know, one of the messages is that Nikki Haley spent $31 million there and $37 million in Iowa did not perform that well.I think, it seems what President Biden said last night that Trump is the presumptive winner of the election, I think that's true, and I think what you said is true that President Biden is not going to -- is probably not going to campaign and the Democrats are relying on the court cases to try to derail the election, to try to keep President Trump off the ballot, and I think that's a very, very bad strategy.I think it's bad for democracy. I think it's bad for the Democratic Party. I think it's bad for everybody.WATTERS: It sure is. I mean, he wouldn't debate you. Now, it might look like he's not going to debate Trump. He's not going to campaign. Where does that leave RFK, Jr. in all this mix here?KENNEDY: Well, you know, I'm already -- my favorability ratings are now better than either President Trump or President Biden. I am beating both President Trump and President Biden in Americans, all Americans under 45 in the six battleground states. I'm beating them across the country, but very, very decisively, with Independent voters that are now -- which are now the biggest part this will be, the first election in American history where Independents are now the biggest self-identified party.I'm gaining points in the election about one point a month, and I've got nine months and I've got -- all I need to do is to get the 34 points to win the election and I'm already at 24.WATTERS: Wow.KENNEDY: Average in the battleground, and so I --WATTERS: Are you on the ballot in these battlegrounds?KENNEDY: No, but I'll be on the ballot in every state and the District of Columbia. We just completed our signatories today for New Hampshire. We got 5,000 signatures in a single day. So it took us one day to qualify for New Hampshire, so I'm very, very confident that we will be in the ballot.And I think Jesse, people are -- I don't think -- we've got the two most unpopular people running in modern history and I think that Americans deserve more than choosing the lesser of two evils. And if you talk to Republicans or Democrats, so many of them say, I'm not voting for President Biden, I'm voting against President Trump and vice versa.And I think it's really important for our democracy that we have somebody who can inspire us and somebody that people actually like and want to vote for, so -- and that can offer some change.WATTERS: And actually like. Imagine that. Imagine a politician someone actually likes. That would be fun.All right. RFK, Jr., he says he's going to be on the ballot everywhere and it is a three-man race, three-person race, we don't want to offend anybody out there. RFK, Jr., thanks as always.KENNEDY: If people wanted -- if people want to know more, they should go to Kennedy24.com, Jesse. Thank you.WATTERS: All right, thank you.Secret tapes, allegations of Senate bribery, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: An alleged bribery scandal is rocking Washington.No, we're not talking about the Chinese diamonds and the Bidens, we're talking about the Americans who pick our politicians.You all know that Kari Lake in Arizona doesn't have a lot of friends in the Republican donor class. She's made some enemies, lost a controversial race for governor for Arizona and now, she is running against Krysten Sinema for the US Senate seat there, but not everybody wants her to run.A recording was made of a conversation between Kari Lake and the chair of the Arizona Republican Party. The chair of the party, Jeff DeWit appears be relaying an offer for Kari Lake to not run for the Senate this cycle in exchange for a cushy corporate no show job.Lake says she can't be bought plain and simple.PRIMETIME has a copy of that tape. Take a listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JEFF DEWIT, ARIZONA GOP CHAIRMAN: This is back east. They --- there are very powerful people that want to keep you out.KARI LAKE (R), FORMER ARIZONA GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE: I know they do.DEWIT: But they're willing to put their money where their mouth is, in a big way. So this conversation never happened.LAKE: This is crazy, though. They should want me. I'm a great candidate. People love me. These people are corrupt.DEWIT: Well, maybe you're right.LAKE: So what do they want? What do they want me to do?DEWIT: They want you to stay out for two years. Well, I'll you want I can offer you. The ask I got today from back east was (inaudible). Is there any companies out there or something that could just put her on the payroll and give her, to keep her out? And is aid, well, what do you want to do? Whatever we need to.LAKE: I'm not willing to accept that. I'm going to be the biggest [bleep] pain in these people's ass and go back and tell them that. I'm running and I'm going to be the biggest pain in their [bleep] ass.DEWIT: And I'm willing to tell them that.LAKE: And they're going to have to [bleep] kill me to stop me.DEWIT: Is there a number of which.LAKE: I can be bought? (Laughs.)DEWIT: Not be bought.LAKE: That's what it's about.DEWIT: We take a pause for a couple of years.LAKE: No.DEWIT: Then go right back to what you're doing.LAKE: No. 10 million, 20 million, 30 -- no. No. No. A billion? No. This is not about money. This about our country.DEWIT: I actually wish you'd just give me a counter offer (inaudible) Give me a counter.LAKE: I can't. I can't be bought.(END AUDIO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, the chair of the Arizona Republican Party who you just heard on that tape resigned today. DeWit says it wasn't a bribe. He was offering a perspective and calls the whole thing a setup, accusing Kari Lake of deceptive tactics and blackmailing him into resigning. If he didn't, she'd release more tapes.Kari denies blackmailing DeWit, for the record. Politics is a filthy game. And we have a lot of questions about the motives of secret recordings.One camp cries betrayal, while the other cries corruption. But we're not here to sort all that out. What PRIMETIME is intrigued by is this: When you pull the curtain back, men with money are pulling the strings in the political arena, and oftentimes, voters don't get a fair shot at casting their votes for the candidate of their choice.Now, we don't even think this is technically a bribe, but it's dark, and it's slimy, and it's unfortunately how DC rolls. You have to go along to get along in this business and that does not always serve the American in people's interests.Donald Trump promised to lock in the Republican nomination by Super Tuesday and the media is already foaming at the mouth. He's popular and his policies are even more popular, and the media won't expose you to a popular politician with popular policies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Former President Trump giving the night to a second person in his victory celebration. Let's bring in Daniel Dale because I heard at least two or three things that need factchecking.MADDOW: The former president has opened his remarks tonight once again by proclaiming falsehoods about previous elections. This is what makes it hard to take him, his pronouncements live.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, first Iowa, now in New Hampshire -- our cable competition, if you can call them that, will not take the former president live.So CNN excavated their factchecker like Encino Man to interrupt the historic acceptance speech, because Donald Trump is boasting that he won New Hampshire three times when he only won it twice. So what? And voters need to be protected from such dangerous language? And the media is also warning us that Trump is not only dangerous, he is mentally deficient. Why? Because he said, Nikki when he really meant Nancy. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SARAH MATTHEWS, FORMER WHITE HOUSE DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY, TRUMP ADMINISTRATION: I think it's fair to question his mental acuity.ARI MELBER, MSNBC HOST: Donald Trump, let's recall ducked debates all primary cycle. He generally avoids most adversarial interviews where he would be tested and factchecked.And this race has only just begun, but he has already now through this testing and campaigning process been caught in a gaffe.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Oh, one gaffe. Biden sees dead people on stage. He thinks he's Jewish. He gets lost. They give them little pictures of reporters to call on because you can't remember what they look like.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We will teach Donald Trump a valuable lesson. Don't mess with (gibberish) America unless you want to get the benefit.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I have no idea what he just said.Host of "The Adam Carolla Show" and "New York Times" bestselling author, Adam Carolla joins us now.So this is going to be a fun campaign. You're not going to hear from either candidate because one hides and the other just gets censored.ADAM CAROLLA, COMEDIAN: Yes, well, the reality is, is they turned Donald Trump into a cartoon character, and if they cover his speeches and his acceptance speeches, then he becomes a human being, because he is pretty endearing and fairly magnanimous in a lot of those speeches and they don't want their audience to discover he as a human being, because they want their audience to think of him as a caricature, a bully and a big orange man.WATTERS: Yes, he was handing the microphone to one of his supporters and thanking them for being so hard working and helping deliver a victory in New Hampshire. You can't see that at CNN. That'll humanize him and you can't humanize the monster.CAROLLA: Yes, and also. They are pretty obsessed with factchecks, but they don't want to hear about any of the cheques that came from Ukraine for Hunter Biden.WATTERS: That's right.CAROLLA: Those cheques, not so interested.And I don't think Hunter is a good name for that kid. I don't think his name should be Hunter. I think they should have called him gatherer.WATTERS: Very good. They didn't get that one right. I mean, you're right. You'd have to cut Biden off every five seconds. My son wasn't in business with the Chinese. Yes, I reduced the debt.I mean, you'd never get through a speech. We'd be bringing out factcheckers like they were in a sidecar next to me.CAROLLA: But also, I find it rich that Rachel Maddow and Jake Tapper are worried about lying when those two toadies for the drug companies lied all through COVID. Every single thing they said was a lie.For three years, oh, ivermectin, horse based. Every single thing they said about COVID was either wrong or an outright lie, and they're worried about misinformation?WATTERS: Yes. Russia, COVID, the gatherer. That's his new nickname. I think we're just going to call him the gatherer. We've got a new one for Nikki Haley, Nikki Mirage and now we have the gatherer. Gatherer Biden.Thank you, as always, we'll add that to the nickname bracket at the end of the year.Everybody go check out Adam's --CAROLLA: I've trademarked it.WATTERS: You got it. Adams podcast. Thanks, as always, Adam.Major development on the southern border -- major.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Texas Governor Greg Abbott is upping the in his Mexican standoff with Joe Biden. He accuses the sitting president of violating his constitutional oath and dereliction of duty, and announced that he will be exercising the full and total power of the state of Texas and it'll be declaring that the state is being invaded by a foreign power and will use all and any means necessary to defend themselves.National correspondent, Bill Melugin joins me from LA -- Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Jesse.Texas Governor Greg Abbott essentially gave the finger to the Feds today. He announced in a statement that Texas has a right to defend itself against invasion and he says the Biden administration has simply refused to enforce federal immigration law.Abbott said in part: "The federal government has broken the compact between the United States and the states. James Madison, Alexander Hamilton and the other visionaries who wrote the US Constitution foresaw that states should not be left to the mercy of a lawless president who does nothing to stop external threats like cartels smuggling millions of illegal immigrants across the border."And as details of a potential Senate agreement on border security begin to leak that would allow up to 5000 illegal crossings per day, Texas Senator Ted Cruz says, those initial details are completely unacceptable.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): This supplemental bill is a kamikaze plane in a box canyon with no exit, headed for a trainwreck.Negotiating with Chuck Schumer on securing the border is like putting Hannibal Lecter in charge of a go vegan ad campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And Jesse, in shocking story here. Border Patrol reports they arrested a La Linea cartel operative who crossed illegally into El Paso and listen to, this has more than 40 illegal entries on his record in just the last two years alone. For those who don't know, La Linea is the brutal enforcement wing of the Juarez Cartel, and it has been behind some of the most high profile massacres in Ciudad Juarez in recent years.The chief of US Border Patrol tweeting in part: "Hopefully the courts impose maximum sentences, the only consequences these criminals understand."And Jesse that story right there just goes to show everything that's wrong with our border right now. This cartel operative has crossed into the US illegally more than 40 times in two years, and up to now has apparently faced little to no consequences even though illegal reentry is a federal felony, punishable by up to two years in prison.We'll send it back to you.WATTERS: All right, Bill, thanks so much.Remember Wanda the stuffer? She was a government worker in Bridgeport, Connecticut who allegedly stuffed so many ballots, they had to redo the election. Well, they redid their election last night and won his boss the mayor of Bridgeport won again. Was it a clean fight? Not exactly.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The battle for Bridgeport's corner office is also fresh with new allegations of fraud.This time it's the Ganim campaign which claims Gomes campaign operative, Denise Serrano, who according to logs, pulled hundreds of absentee ballot applications, violated election law by distributing those applications to campaign workers who weren't authorized.Gomes also provided evidence showing a voter was issued an absentee ballot on the same day she died with a completed ballot being mailed back to the clerk's office eight days later.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Dead people voting, ballot applications being given out like candy, harvesting. It's so bad the Secretary of State said: "Maybe you're just better voting in person."If absentee is insecure, just get rid of the drop boxes. Bridgeport is so crooked even "The New York Times" admitted voter fraud is real. Look at the headline. Election fraud is rare, except maybe in Bridgeport, Connecticut.Everybody knows about it. Voters call Wanda and her crew the absentee ballot queens.Our local Fox reporter, Matt Caron went to go see where they count these absentee ballots. The city didn't really want to talk.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DENISE SERRANO, FOX REPORTER: Can you explain to the people what happens in the AB count room? Why is it that you don't want to talk about how absentee ballots are counted? Don't people deserve to know how that process works?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Last year, we told election officials across the country, they have to get it together by '24 if they want a safe and secure election and so far if you look at Bridgeport, not looking so good.Well, a new book says Biden and Kamala hate each other. That author is on deck.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: When you're on a tiny island in the middle of the Pacific, the last thing you want to see is a massive wave coming your way. But that's exactly what happened to US soldiers at an army base on the Marshall Islands. See if you can find that on a map.Check out this video of just a massive wave crashing through the doors of the dining hall.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Keep the door closed. Keep the door closed. Whoa. Oh my God.Hey Jake, are you okay?Coming in.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Get out of here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get out of here.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The waves flooded almost a third of the island. More than half of the base's residents evacuated. No one was seriously hurt, but officials say, it could take years to repair the damage and we're praying for them.So Kamala has been busy because Biden can't be. She sat down with Katie Couric. Remember her?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATIE COURIC, "NEXT QUESTION": Some people seem fixated on Joe Biden's age, but wanted to ask you --KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It is because they have nothing to run on. Katie, where are they --COURIC: Well, immigration now, they are running on, too.HARRIS: Which they could actually participate in fixing.COURIC: Right.HARRIS: And so no, but really?COURIC: Yes, but --HARRIS: Yes, you're right. They're running on immigration, because they like having the problem, so they can -- they can have an issue.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I thought Katie was going to ask Kamala what newspaper she reads, but let me get this straight. Kamala says Republicans are the ones who want open borders. This is why the White House keeps her on ice.And a new book is revealing that deep tension has been building between Kamala and Joe for three years. "Amateur Hour: Kamala Harris and the White House" by Charlie Spiering digs deep into Kamala his life and reveals that the only reason Joe Biden is running for a second term is because he and his close circle know that Kamala is not up to the job.The party brass have abandoned the idea of Kamala as president. Why? They believe she is disloyal, incompetent and too self-interested. Insiders say the Biden team believes Kamala isn't a team player: "She's too interested in her own political career to think about Biden and always trying to write her own political narrative according to her rules."The author says Kamala is only for Kamala. The book describes after the awful Afghanistan withdrawal how Kamala disappeared for several days, and when she was supposed to show up for a speech with Biden, she hid in a separate room not wanting to be there for his moment of crisis.Plus, Kamala barely suppressed her impatience and disdain for the president. The strained Biden and Kamala relationship goes all the way back to the beginning. The book says Biden didn't even want Kamala as his VP. He wanted Governor Gretchen Whitmer. But Joe got bullied into picking Kamala by Barack Obama.And when Dr. Jill found out, she reportedly told donors that Kamala could go eff herself. Kamala and Dr. Jill still have a rocky relationship, but the same can't be said for the second gentleman, Dougie Fresh. He and Dr. Jill are on great terms and their relationship is only getting better. But we didn't need to read into that, how close they are.Oh, and the White House apparently thinks Kamala is a real crybaby: "Her thin skinned outrage perceive grievances around every corner of staff bullying and endless turnover." She's had 13 staff members leave since '21, because she goes after her staffers with soul-destroying criticism according to the book.Spiering says she curses like a sailor. Now that is a secret tape that I want to hear. And this checks out because Kamala's favorite pastime is turning her stuff into the Wikipedia height police. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COURIC: Why did I think you were much taller? I recently learned you're only five-two. Is that true?HARRIS: That is absolutely incorrect.COURIC: Okay.HARRIS: I am five-four-and-a-quarter.COURIC: Okay.HARRIS: Sometimes, five four-and-a-half.COURIC: Okay, I'm five-three.HARRIS: And with heels which I always wear, I'm five-seven-and-a-half, thank you very much.COURIC: Okay, Wikipedia, you're wrong. And we need to correct that.HARRIS: Totally wrong. I've said this to my team like what -- I don't know where it came from. They just want to just make us smaller in every way.COURIC: I know.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Charlie Spiering is the author of "Amateur Hour." All right, Charlie, tell us in one word, what this relationship between Kamala and Joe really is.CHARLIE SPIERING, AUTHOR, "AMATEUR HOUR": Yes, Jesse. It's actually pretty frosty.Kamala has no interest in in being buddies with Joe because she wants to be treated like the next president. Jill also is not really interested in creating a sisterhood relationship with Kamala Harris, because of everything she did against Joe and the family, so it's really not a very well matched thing right now.WATTERS: So Barack Obama tapped Biden's VP. He didn't get to choose his own VP. He wanted Whitmer. What happened there?SPIERING: Well, he definitely liked Whitmer. He saw her as -- you know, he promised to pick up a woman vice presidential candidate, and Obama really pressed hard for Kamala urging Biden to forget the campaign, all the insults during the campaign and to sort of get the band back together, we need a Black woman on the ticket and Kamala is the one that bring us together.But you know, the Obama people say, it was always Joe's decision, but certainly Obama had a heavy hand in convincing Joe to pick Kamala.WATTERS: So we all kind of recognized after Afghanistan that Kamala just turned into a ghost. You're saying she hid in a room?SPIERING: It's a combination of both things, right. The Biden team doesn't trust her to go out there and defend the president. That's what the vice president is supposed to do whenever he hits a crisis.Kamala is also not interested in propping up Joe Biden in times of crisis. So yes, she went to it, you know, the staff said that -- told reporters that she would be together with the president when he made that famous address after the botched exit from Afghanistan. She was not there. She went to a different space. So she was not wanting to be part of this crisis.WATTERS: She went into a safe space as she likes to call it. Did this thing start off horrible? Or did they start having their silly little lunches every Wednesday, and then it kind of dissipated after a couple of months went by?SPIERING: Yes. Biden really wanted a buddy, a true partner just like he considered his relationship with Obama. He really wanted somebody who could be a buddy, but Kamala has no interest in being a buddy. She wants very much to focus on her future career.I report details of attempts, she tries to dodge tough assignments. And then on top of that, she flubs media interviews, top that with all the word salads. Yes, the Biden team just doesn't see her as a very good asset across the board. So they're just going to let her play in her safe spaces during the campaign.WATTERS: There was we noticed here at PRIMETIME an effort, I think it was maybe six or nine months ago, where there seemed to be this orchestrated effort to just remove her from the ticket. You saw it in the press, you saw people flirting with the idea? What was that process like?SPIERING: Yes, behind the scenes in Washington. Washington can be cruel, and when you're not -- when you're found incompetent, it instantly turns on you and leaves you kind of hanging in the wind.A lot of Democrats do not want Kamala Harris to be the on the ticket, and you saw that effort among some brave souls who tried to step up and say something, but you can't do that in Washington -- I mean, in the Democratic Party, if you do, you're automatically branded as a sexist and a racist.So they're kind of paralyzed at this point just pulling for Joe to make it across the finish line in November.WATTERS: So Joe doesn't think she has what it takes. What does Kamala think about Joe?SPIERING: Kamala is waiting it out when it comes to Joe Biden. She is going to show up and do the bare minimum, and if he wins re-election, then she'll just be sitting there waiting for him to step down. Few people believe he can make it another four years and Kamala is just waiting it out at this point.WATTERS: Waiting it out, until nature takes its course or waiting it out until he gets re-elected?SPIERING: Waiting it out. If he gets re-elected, she'll be there waiting for him -- for him and his family to finally admit, he doesn't have what it takes to make it through another four years. That's what I start the book off is imagining what that case is like when Biden and his team realize that he can no longer go forward and what they are facing with the real possibility of a President Kamala Harris who has never faced voters in her own presidential election, she could very well be the next president of the United States.WATTERS: Yes. Imagine that. Oh, God bless everybody.Charlie, great book. Everybody, go buy it.SPIERING: Jesse, thanks for having me on.WATTERS: Always love seeing you. You're a great author. "Amateur Hour" is the name of the book. I shouldn't be plugging other books. Mine's coming out. You can preorder it. It's called "Get It Together." But while you're on Amazon, go check out "Amateur Hour."Thanks, Charlie.SPIERING: You bet. Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: First, it was oranges. Now women are testing men with ketchup.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time for Watters' Cooler.Let's bring in Fox News host, Julie Banderas.JULIE BANDERAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: I love when you whisper my name. It really is a nice effect.WATTERS: It's my Biden voice.BANDERAS: Oh no.WATTERS: She's back. Not Julie, Hillary. She is doing the Macarena in Spain. Watch.[VIDEO CLIP PLAYS]WATTERS: How do you forget the Macarena when she nailed it at her husband's convention?[VIDEO CLIP PLAYS]WATTERS: Maybe she didn't nail it.BANDERAS: She's not doing the Macarena. She's clapping.WATTERS: Do you remember the Macarena?BANDERAS: I will never do the Macarena. At every wedding, I boycott that.WATTERS: You boycott the Macarena?BANDERAS: The band, actually.WATTERS: What about the electric slide?BANDERAS: I will not do that either. I hate those two. Did you have that at your wedding? Please tell me, you did not.WATTERS: I don't remember.BANDERAS: Like I specifically told my DJ, absolutely not. No Macarena and no electric slide.WATTERS: There was dancing, but there wasn't any electric sliding.BANDERAS: I do. I have to give her credit here though. At least, she is not like her husband. It's not a lap dance. It's the Macarena.WATTERS: That's right.BANDERAS: So her taste dance is actually very pure. She's a terrible dancer, but at least you know there are no minors there.WATTERS: Right.BANDERAS: And nobody is sitting on her lap. So.WATTERS: She is a pure Clinton.BANDERAS: She is.WATTERS: We give her that.BANDERAS: Yes, she's lovely.WATTERS: Well, we told you about the orange peel theory last week, but now women are testing us men in a saucy new way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Okay, I'm going to try the dripping ketchup on the counter and see how my husband cleans it up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Whoa.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you clean it up for me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Okay. Why do you do that?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What are you doing? Now, I clean it up like normal.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So that's the ketchup challenge to test whether guys are willing to help with cleaning and chores. Now it looks like what he did, Julie, is he cleaned up poorly, so he is not asked to clean up again.BANDERAS: I thought he did a great job, actually.WATTERS: He did?BANDERAS: I mean, he scooped it all up with his hand. He's no dainty boy or man. He didn't have to go grab a paper towel. What I think is that this is the stupidest challenge ever. The fact that it has over a million views just goes to show how idiotic TikTok is or whatever platform this is going to circulate on. It's absolute --WATTERS: Why do you guys keep testing us, Julie?BANDERAS: No, I don't know. I'm not testing you.WATTERS: Yes, you are.BANDERAS: I mean, if somebody dumped ketchup in front of me, that ketchup would end up on their face. I wouldn't clean that up. I would be like, you spilled it, you do it.WATTERS: And then you dance the Macarena over them.BANDERAS: I would not dance the Macarena. I'd probably just kick them.WATTERS: Okay.BANDERAS: And throw the ketchup bottle at them.WATTERS: You'd do the running man.BANDERAS: Yes. I would, yes.WATTERS: On their head. Well, it looks like Jason Kelce is in the doghouse after ripping his shirt off at that Chiefs-Bills game.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON KELCE, NFL PLAYER: This is how my mind works after 40 Miller Lights. I don't think she was happy about it to be honest with you.I'm not going to lie to you if Kylie heads out. The moment we got into the suite, I said, I'm taking my shirt off and I'm jumping out of that suite, and she said Jason -- she said, Jason, don't you dare.TRAVIS KELCE, NFL PLAYER: I am thinking, it's like that --JASON KELCE: I am not asking for permission, I'm doing this. She was already telling me to be on my best behavior because we were meeting Taylor.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, so your boyfriend your significant other, Julie, if he goes out, knocks back 40 Miller Lights, rips his shirt off like Kelce --BANDERAS: That would be the end.WATTERS: It's the end?BANDERAS: Jesse, this whole segment has reminded me as to why I enjoy being single because that is disgusting. And he also picked up a little girl to show the little girl Taylor Swift. He actually held her up. It was like a Michael Jackson move, not over a balcony, but nonetheless in his naked top belly hair.WATTERS: He has got good strong hands. He hikes the ball. Come on, he is not going to drop the kid.BANDERAS: Listen, Taylor definitely got the better Kelce out of the deal.WATTERS: You think so?BANDERAS: So if anything, I think that he did his brother a favor.WATTERS: You're not in the beer bellies and chest hair.BANDERAS: No, I'm not. No, I'm not. No, I'm not.WATTERS: What if he cleans up ketchup?BANDERAS: No, no.WATTERS: Nothing?BANDERAS: Nothing.WATTERS: All right --BANDERAS: Nothing can make me see Jason Kelce.WATTERS: I think what we learned from this segment is Julie is single.BANDERAS: Oh, yes.WATTERS: That's what we took. That's the headline.BANDERAS: Happily single. Happily single.WATTERS: Thank you, Julie.BANDERAS: And don't make me clean up after.WATTERS: Oh, that's true. She's got rules.BANDERAS: Yes.WATTERS: When I was researching my new book, which you can preorder, "Get It Together," we spoke to a woman who was what they call a free range parent.She raised her children with no rules, no bedtimes. They sleep in the same bed. There's no baby sitters. There's no diet. They walk around barefoot. It's a very interesting parenting technique. Just one of the more fascinating chapters in "Get It Together." We explore the personal lives of some of the most fringe characters in America whose behavior is making our lives a little less comfortable.Let's do texts.John from Ruckersville, Virginia: Last week, you recommended the book "First Lie Wins." This book has many exciting twists and turns. I just finished it and I loved it.I will never recommend a bad book -- ever.Murphy from Cincinnati, Ohio: If Biden is a no-show, Trump could hold a debate with an empty podium.I think Clint Eastwood tried that, it didn't go over too well.Carl from Poughkeepsie, New York: In this election, it isn't the economy stupid, it's the invasion, stupid.Yes, tomorrow we're going to have a special report on what looks like a real constitutional crisis colliding in Texas.Johnny from Tampa: Maybe that woman's dying wish was to vote in the Bridgeport election. Very insensitive, Jesse.That's right. She's probably signing her will and signing her signature.Wanda from Frankfort, Indiana: Jesse, I'm a good Wanda. I have never stuffed a ballot box. You're giving us a bad name.Wandas and Karens.Sam from Michigan: Sorry, Sam. I'm Watters, and this is my world.