SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us and making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Happy snowy Tuesday. There are two words that should scare the crap out of us and it's not Stelter nudes. Nope, it's President Harris. During an interview with the Wall Street Journal, the Veep says he's ready to step in as Commander in Chief, quote, "I am ready to serve. There's no question about that." Serve what you ask? If it's anything more than a tennis ball, trust me, she'd be over her head. Of course, she means she's ready should something happen to the current president.Now she also claims that everyone who sees her on the job, quote, "walks away fully aware of my capacity to lead." No, they don't walk away, they run. In the first two years, more than 13 high profile aides have left the VP's office and that's through an open window. Now it's worth pointing out that Kamala gave that answer before the Hur report. It's one thing she actually saw coming besides Willie Brown.No, he was always sneaking up on her. People have minds in the gutter. So she was worried about Joe's fitness for Office even before last week's disaster, but she feels like she needs to reassure us, as if the thought of Kamala in charge is reassuring. Her Venn diagram hits that sweet spot between useless, clueless and brainless. With Joe appointed her borders are she got nervous because she never saw a C and Z next to each other like that. But remember, for the longest time, we weren't supposed to criticize her for the same reason Biden picture as VP, she checked more boxes than a grave robber.So call -- so call her out on her incompetence, you're racist and sexist. But now the Dems in the media are jumping ship. So now they're just as racist and sexist as the rest of us. Boohoo. According to the latest Real Clear Politics average, Kamala has a net favorable rating of minus 19.2 percent. And her unfavorable rating is 54.7 percent, placing her somewhere between an IRS audit and Chlamydia.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Jesus.GUTFELD: That's compared to Joe's net favorable rating of minus 15.3, which is also his body temperature. So people like her less than Biden, and yet I can think of a few people who do want her to be president. And they all work on this show. Just imagine how easy and fun it would be to have President Kamala Harris. We can just play tape of her talking and we don't have to do anything and then laugh. We wouldn't even need a studio audience.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: What do you want to know?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I want to give you -- I want to give you the --HARRIS: I thought we were supposed to conserving. I couldn't reconcile it. Now I can. You just fell out of a coconut tree.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Every time I see that, I'm waiting for two guys in white lab coats to throw a giant butterfly net over her and lead her back into the van. But the fact is, I know what's good for the show but it can also be bad for the country. So I got to put the country before my ratings. That's why we stopped booking Taylor Swift. Now you think the White House would do whatever they could to counter this argument.But on Monday, they confirmed Biden won't take a cognitive test as part of his upcoming physical exam, while repeating the same jargon about how he's super on top of things.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Does the White House think that the -- the idea of the President taking cognition test -- a cognitive test as a part of this physical is a legitimate idea.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The President proves every day, how he operates, how he thinks. He is sharp. He is on top of things. He -- when we have meetings with him with his staff, he's constantly pushing us, getting -- trying to get more information.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Well, he is sharp and on top of things but so was a guillotine. So the White House and Biden allies keep telling us he's fit, smart, articulate, and said all we get is things like this ,where the leader of the free world doesn't know where to stand.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Well, it gets better. I missed it.ABDULLAH II, KING OF JORDAN: Mr. President, thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That guy speaking was the King of Jordan. But to Joe it might as well have been this king. Now if your Biden staff, you think they just put some tape on the ground, so he knows where to go. We do that for Steve Doocy every morning. But it's like Biden staff doesn't even care anymore. Otherwise, how do you explain this? A new nine minute video on Biden's YouTube channel where he's eating fried chicken and talking about basketball with a black family.TYRUS: Oh, boy.GUTFELD: Well, at least he didn't bring a watermelon. But at this point, they're just letting him go. Those in control must already have a post Joe plan, or they wouldn't let their guy do stuff like that. You see, Joe eating fried chicken and talking basketball with blacks and you think that looks racist. The Dems see it and think, no, it's his last meal. It's what he wanted.Now Liberal Politico just explained the specifics of the Democrats plan B for Joe Biden. There's all sorts of boring procedural stuff, but the short version is if it does happen, Biden will need to fully cooperate. He needs to be on board. It can't happen without him, you know, unless he gets incapacitated. But how could that ever happen, right. I mean, he might fall or get pushed. He might die in his sleep with the help of a pillow.But think about this, if the Dems hadn't changed the rules in 2020, or ran on a race hoaxing demonizing platform or suppressed that laptop, Trump would have won, then there never would have been a Biden presidency. No, Kamala, no war in Ukraine, perhaps a calmer Middle East. And imagine the better place that the Dems would be in now. They'd have Democratic candidates that aren't frail or idiotic. They'd be able to run on eight years of Trump and could blame everything on him; real or mostly imagined.But instead, they took the low road to victory. They demonized millions. They ran on hoaxes and changed laws. So now they're here, a choice between a brain dead crook and a cackling choco bucket. Like I always say, Karma is a Liz Cheney.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. He's been called a rising comedy star by the popular website, definitely not Joe DeVito's personal blog.org. Writer and comedian, Joe DeVito. She puts the Jew in did you see that hot lady on the show last night. Human rights lawyer, Brooke Goldstein. She's perky lurky and didn't like beef jerky. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf.He's large, in charge and wears a double extra-large. New York Times bestselling author and comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. You know, it wouldn't be fair doing a monologue on Kamala without having her you know, have a chance to respond. So I think we actually have tape of her responding.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ACTING LIKE HARRIS: I am ready to become president. I won't let what is stop me from what can be. Because what can be isn't, not what it should be becoming. It's that simple. (LAUGHS) Joe Biden is running for president. But there was once a little girl waiting for a school bus and that school bus was me. Let's really build back better and make America great again.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Joe, what do you make of this? I think this is the first time the President won't take a cognitive exam since it was first introduced during the Middle Ages.JOE DEVITO, WRITER/COMEDIAN: This is -- this is bad because it's not going to get better. This is not the movie cocoon.GUTFELD: No.DEVITO: Where he's going to recover from this. And I think when they have the tape that they have from the stand, they've got to use that double sided tape so that when he steps on to it, he's trapped there and he doesn't wander off.GUTFELD: Like those glue traps I have for mice.DEVITO: Exactly. It's either that or they leave him in place and they just move everything else around. Like he's -- he's the first president who's going to move less than the Disney Hall of Presidents when it's his turn. But there are things to be excited about a Kamala presidency. Number one, she does not have dementia. And we can -- we can end it right there.GUTFELD: Right.DEVITO: That's better.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: But she doesn't sniff children.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: She does not have oil cancer. And she wouldn't be awake for not just the 3am call, but also the 3pm call.GUTFELD: That's a good point.DEVITO: Joe is napping.GUTFELD: Yes. Brooke, OK, do you think Kamala would be any better than Joe? Or Is America simply screwed if the Democrats win?BROOKE GOLDSTEIN, HUMAN RIGHTS ATTORNEY: Yeah, I think so. I think we're totally screwed. We're screwed as it is right now. I just don't comprehend how if you turn 70, and you want your driver's license to be renewed in Washington, DC, you have to get a letter from your doctor declaring that you are medically capable of driving. So how is it not a legal obligation to take this cognitive test? And even if he did, they'd probably lie about it anyway.GUTFELD: Right.GOLDSTEIN: But you know, in the meantime, I think it's important to know that the Vice President is, is traveling across the country right now on her pro-abortion tour, telling everyone how she's such a women's rights activist since high school when she let her best friend's sleep over because she was being sexually harassed by her stepfather. And on the other hand, she's going around in the same breath, telling everybody how smart she is.And you know, it's one of those things where if you have to declare it over and over again, it's not it, right.GUTFELD: Yeah.GOLDSTEIN: It's not the case. It's people know if you're smart or not. Yeah. I don't really sound so smart today.GUTFELD: No, you do -- you do -- you do. Cat, how you doing?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I'm OK.GUTFELD: That's great. That's great. As a woman, and you are a woman.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: And congratulations. Thanks.DEVITO: They applaud you.TIMPF: Yeah. They applaud.DEVITO: Yeah, yeah.GUTFELD: Will Kamala becoming president, the first female president, will, that bring you tears of joy?TIMPF: No.GUTFELD: No?TIMPF: No, it won't. I think that she is an inspiration in some ways. But it's just because like, not because she's so great, but because she's not. And she's still been able to achieve quite a bit.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I see that's a little bit inspirational. But the bar is so low when we are in fact arguing over a cognitive test.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: From what I understand, those aren't supposed to be hard. It's not like Jeopardy. That's like, are you there in there, right. And I think that they're actually twisting it a little bit in his favor. I don't think Biden refused the cognitive test. I don't think he was offered one.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: I don't think he is actually there enough to know that he should refuse a cognitive test at this point. And again, we're all just acting like it's normal. And it's clearly not, but we don't -- at the end of the day, we don't really need it. We see -- we see --GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: That he wouldn't pass it. We're not like, why won't you take one?GUTFELD: Yeah. It's true. Tyrus, is this just like choosing which way to die?TYRUS: Yeah, you did.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS Watermelon and sugar.GUTFELD: I was projecting his race.TYRUS: Right. Yes, yes. Well played.GUTFELD: Thank you.TYRUS: Listen, I love everyone to have jobs. But we will never ever, ever use a Kamala impersonator again. There is no reason, absolutely no reason to impersonate -- because she gives us gold every time she goes out. To impersonate her is insulting.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: To the fans who want a good laugh. She literally did a speech from the godfather.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: I'm smart. I like things. I could be in charge. That's what we want to see.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And it's all done. You can hear the wine poor in the back, squeezing the three or four drops left in that red wine box.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: To get her through the other thing. And Biden, he doesn't have to take a cognitive test. He just (BEEP) failed one during an investigation where his charge would have been a fine, probably probation, maybe if he would have been cognitive to stand at trial. But the interview with the special counsel said he can't -- he's not cognitive enough to stand trial.So there's no point to take a test. He just took one. They have the transcripts. I'm sure we'll see it soon. But why would you have him take a test? He's failed it miserably once on the oral exam. Now you want to (BEEP) write it down.DEVITO: That was the scariest part to me that when they came out with that, and they said, Oh, he's an elderly man. He's well meaning, but he has memory issues. And when I read that I thought the next line was going to be so he can't be president anymore. But they were like, yeah, it's OK if he's in charge of the nucleus, have someone guide his finger if we need to be --GOLDSTEIN: He just can't be held accountable for anything.TYRUS: Usually when someone says, he's a nice man and his memories gone therefore we're accepting him in the home. That's usually the next move, is the home. Will we have a president in the home?GUTFELD: Yeah, that would be a first. All right, we must move on. Up next; a lawmaker unloads on protesters blocking roads.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. Gutfeld will return in 90 seconds. But first is Fox News update on the special election happening in New York tonight. We are now told reporting that Tom Suozzi the Democrat held off Republican Mazi Pilip in the race to fill the vacancy in the Third Congressional District seat in the Empire State. Of course, pre-election polling showed a close race.This was to replace the expelled former Congressman George Santos in a district that President Biden won by roughly eight points back in 2020. It spans along the North Shore of Long Island from Queens into suburban Nassau County. Now, Suozzi previously served three terms in Congress before leaving the post to make an unsuccessful bid for governor. He likely benefited from thousands more Democrats turning out during nine days of early voting in the close race. The result makes the GOP is hold on control of the House of Representatives just a little more tenuous tonight.Keep in mind that you had Tom Suozzi and the Democrats spending roughly twice what Mazi Pilip spent. $14 million on advertising for the Democrats, about $8 million by Mazi Pilip. We should also note, there was a big snowstorm today in New York, roughly 8 inches, 9 inches, 10 inches of snow. And that's why a lot of people thought the Democrats ground game was bigger and better getting the vote out early, getting the absentee vote in and that might have played a factor in voter turnout and how much the Democrats turned out and how much the Republicans may or may not have.Stay tuned for a full hour of breaking news coverage on Fox News at night 11 o'clock in the East, 8pm in the West. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. Now back to Gutfeld.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Thank you. Thank you. Will a new bill defeat jerks who clog up the street. New York State Dems are proposing a new bill that would classify intentionally blocking traffic as an act of domestic terrorism. This in response to endless anti-Israel protests causing chaos on our roadways. Seriously, it was taking me three to four hours just to cruise for prostitutes.The documents say quote, "while people have the right to protest, they do not have the right to cause fear, panic and put the lives of other people in danger." True, that is what CNN is for. But they failed to point out that blocking traffic is already illegal. So they're making something illegal, more illegal when they don't enforce the current laws now. The bill is part of a broader response to East anti-Israel demonstrations and anti-semitic activity following the October 7 Hamas attacks.As of now, the bill has limited support with only one co-sponsor. Support would be stronger but some New York Democrats fear the bill could actually do the unthinkable; help restore law and order. Now I hate these assholes who blocked the roads. It's not protest, it's persecution. They're harassing you until they get their way. Even libertarians agree once you infringe on the rights of others, your rights don't mean (BEEP). And these assholes need to be punished severely enough that it costs something. Effective punishment means putting you in a hole that's deeper than you would be in if you hadn't done the crime.But at the same time, this is the totalitarian government playbook. Let things get so bad, then people beg for tyranny. 911 and blocked bridges are not in the same category. The street being blocked is a pain in the ass. But it would stop by making arrest and longer jail time than just a few hours. So I'm in a bind. I like the bill. And just like my kidney stone, I hope it passes soon. But I realized that my frustrations may be being exploited for a greater aim. I mean, I would hope it would be used to jail these fascist protesters, but it's probably going to arrest Trump when his motorcade halts at a stop sign.Fact is, every law you like, can and will be used against you. That's why I can't live near a school. Brooke, all right. I mean, OK, the terrorism broadly defined as the use of intentional violence and fear to achieve political or ideological aims. Are they -- is this just too broad to make this terrorism?GOLDSTEIN: Yeah, I agree with you. OK.GUTFELD: Thank you.GOLDSTEIN: First of all, I'm no fan, obviously, of these protests. And I want to stop calling them pro-Palestinian protests. They are pro Hamas protests, they support murder, and they support terrorism. OK. However -- thank you. Thank you. However, I am a little bit concerned with the redefinition of the crime of domestic terrorism, OK. Blowing up a bus, that's terrorism, shooting up a school or shooting up a synagogue, that's terrorism, parents asking questions about curriculum, that their kids are being fed, that's not terrorism, people protesting and blocking traffic, is a crime but it's not terrorism.And the issue is exactly enforcing the current law. And even when they enforce it, and they arrest these people, they just let them out.GUTFELD: Exactly.GOLDSTEIN: I also want to make one point. OK.GUTFELD: Sure.GOLDSTEIN: I think the best remedy to this are civil lawsuits. I think there is a wonderful lawsuit. If any of the airlines wanted to file it against the organizers of this protest, I think there's an incredible lawsuit.If anybody was stopped from boarding their flight or was, you know, hampered from getting any type of medical activity because of this, and I happen to be a lawyer, by the way, so if you want to file a lawsuit -- we just filed a lawsuit against Columbia University as well for amongst other things, failing to stop all of this anti-Jewish and pro terror, harassment and intimidation. So I think that's the solution and forcing the current law and enabling people to file civil lawsuits when they have a good cause of action.GUTFELD: I think that's I think that's a good move, Kat, the, you know, law fair is being used by the left. Maybe it's time to use their weapons against them, Kat.TIMPF: Sure. but --GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: -- Also, again, enforcing the current law, I mean, it already is against the law so enforce that law. I hate the traffic, right. I live here. And it makes it even more hellish than it is otherwise. But I don't know how anybody could look at the past however many years. I mean, actually, really, since all the stuff that happened after 911 and say that the government expanding the definition of terrorism would be a good idea. That is a terrible idea.They have already used it to take away our rights. We shouldn't be giving them even more opportunities to do so. So enforce -- how about that? Enforce the current law? It's already illegal.GUTFELD: Yeah, actually, we should force the protesters to take off their shoes like the TSA does to us.TYRUS: Well, I got clear and pre check. I'm going to do anything.GUTFELD: I know. I know.TYRUS: Yeah. See.GUTFELD: I like taking off my shoes.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: I get this show on my freaky baby toe.TYRUS: This is where we're going? This is where we're going? This is what we're doing?GUTFELD: Yes. You can see it on freaky toe.org.TYRUS: OK. That -- you know what, that should be domestic terrorism.TIMPF: Yeah, that one I'm OK with.TYRUS: You're OK with that one. 100 percent. The word terror -- that we've -- we've already diluted words so much in this country, racism. Everything has been diluted. But this was like Cory Booker, a few years back who came out and said, we have to let everyone know that lynching is wrong. It's against and we need it on the books that it's against the law.GUTFELD: It already --TYRUS: It already was. Every -- no one has ever said, just came back from a wonderful lynching.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Brunch was great.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: You know what I'm saying. The whole thing is you, when people -- there's always an opportunity for economic growth with these situations. And when they just said -- the reason why they protest on freeways, is it because they like the open road is because they don't have the numbers. So the only way they get numbers is by involving regular people who are trying to get little Johnny to Chuckie Cheese on his birthday. And then they get all the big numbers. And then the press comes because they need the civilians who don't want anything to do with it to get attention.So we have to make it fun. Instead of making a law. Let's bring back -- remember Big Foot trucks. Let's start bringing those trucks back. Have one on each freeway, when they get up there like the game Frogger and we just rev up the trucks and let them go. Just let them -- why can't we have some fun?GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: I would go to that. I will go to that protest. I will be there, driving.GUTFELD: But -- but you mean you'd be jumping over them?TYRUS: No, no, no. Just drive through. Up. Up. Oh, geese --GOLDSTEIN: I advise you against any type of violence during protests --TYRUS: I don't know. But here's the thing. I'm going to get arrested and then I'm going to identify is an angry Palestinian woman, I'll be out in a half hour. I'll be back in time for brunch. And to make sure he ain't got no damn watermelon on the table.GUTFELD: But I will be barefoot.TYRUS: Yes.GUTFELD: Joe. People have the right to peacefully assemble.DEVITO: Yes.GUTFELD: Which they never do it your shows.DEVITO: No.GUTFELD: What would be the solution?DEVITO: Well, Tyrus makes a good point about the inconvenience. And I did miss my birthday at Chucky Cheese. That, I hate these people. And I'll tell you why. Because you cannot block traffic in a major American city. This -- people are trying to poop on those streets.GUTFELD: Yes.DEVITO: Do not shut them down like that. But this is -- this is not protest. This is like extortion and bullying. It's the same as the idiots who throw soup at paintings and don't have the decency to throw some saltines or some oyster crackers thereafter. But what this does is it shows how people can -- it's just about power about putting their thumb on -- on somebody by -- by making your life miserable. It's a very low level of terrorism. But I don't like this law. And I'll tell you why. Because we already have laws against these things. And we need to enforce these laws consistently.And Kat makes a good point that calling it terrorism; we've seen what this leads to but the way we've changed what we call hate, or what we call harm. And if you think the government is going to say protesting like this is now evenly applied as terrorism --GUTFELD: It won't be. Yeah.DEVITO: It's not going to happen. So enforce the laws we have. It's the same reason why laws named after people are bad laws because they're based on emotion.GUTFELD: Yeah, you know what it is it; the best parallel is employing the phrase disinformation or misinformation, it's only used from one side toward another. They would do that here. All right, up next, a host gets verbally smacked by a lady who's jacked.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: A fitness buff says times are tough. Today's Video of the Day comes from fitness trainer Jillian Michaels on Bill Maher's Club Random podcast, where she pushed back on claims the U.S. came out of the pandemic better than ever. Too bad she's out of shape. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: Isn't it amazing to you, it was in the paper today about, this country came out of the pandemic way better -- we just -- we won the pandemic economically. I mean, America --JILLIAN MICHAELS: We did. I don't feel that way. Explain it to me. I feel like inflation is insane.MAHER: Inflation is not insane.MICHAELS: Bill, go buy a car.MAHER: There's numbers. I understand.MICHAELS: A house has tripled here.MAHER: Look, I get that people --MICHAELS: Buy some -- eggs.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: There you go, buy some -- eggs. I think the egg commission has a new slogan.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But the lady who could snap me in half is right. Over the last three years, the cost of food, energy, electricity, housing, all way up. And yes, as he says, there's numbers -- $7 for a dozen eggs is more than $2. Those are numbers.And the Dems play a game with context. It's true prices are down, but from where? They're still 17 percent higher than before Joe took office. Taking a snapshot of the last five months is like saying your neighbor is healing from the mugging without saying you were the mugger. But I get it, not everyone has a hit TV show, Bill, that pays a large salary, or in my case, two. Trust me it's getting really hard to keep paying Charles Payne to walk on my back.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: It must be black history month.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: We're in every joke. Thank you.GUTFELD: She's in pretty big -- she's got some arms man, Tyrus.TYRUS: Here's the thing.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I just, I tuned it out. She's right, Bill, buy some -- eggs. But to sit there and say we came out better, I don't think there is a parent in America that is going to agree to that.GUTFELD: He meant economically.TYRUS: But we don't think economically. Americans don't think, oh, well the stock market is good. If I was rich before the pandemic and I got some loans to keep me rich during the pandemic, yes, the pandemic was swell. While the rest of us, boots to the ground, our kids lost a year-and-a-half of school, 17 new genders were born, OK? Trauma became an emotion. So I don't see us -- we're still coming through the fog. The workforce is still -- get customer service lately, anybody?So there's all kinds of -- I don't think we came out -- and we were lied to the entire pandemic, in some cases forced to take unsafe things in our body that we still don't know what the ramification was. So when he says we came out pretty good, I'm not sure who you're referring to, because I have not, across this country, everywhere I've been -- man, life has been so great since the pandemic ended, oh, my lord, I'm so happy.GUTFELD: Yes, we've got 10 more years, I think, of actually getting back to normal. Kat, do you think you could take her in arm wrestling?TIMPF: Here's the thing -- she really does make me want to buy some -- eggs.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I know that's not what she's going for, but I'm just mesmerized by her arms. Look at this. This is not an arm. This is disgusting.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: My arms are very "is she OK"? And hers -- I want arms like that. How would I even go about that? I have no idea. Probably -- is it eggs?TYRUS: That would be part of it.TIMPF: She could convince me, if I were an egg salesman.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Eggs smith?TIMPF: Yes, an egg smith, if you will, I would be -- her phone must be just ringing off the hook with egg salesmen people.GUTFELD: Egg salesmen people.TIMPF: OK, but obviously, he has no idea how much eggs cost. He doesn't go to the store. Almost props to him for trying to say, oh, but I know. He hasn't been in a store in who knows how long. But, I mean, that is remarkable. I do want to buy some eggs.GUTFELD: Do you want to buy eggs, Joe?DEVITO: I'm convinced I'm not eating nearly enough eggs. I'm going to go on an egg binge. It's an interesting take from Bill Maher that -- I don't know. I don't know how isolated you have to be to look at numbers as if they're something on a game board that's getting moved around, where there are people who the price of eggs determines whether or not you're going to eat that day. So to say that we came out good economically, good for him that he's hat well off that he doesn't have to worry about the price of food. But I don't see how anyone is supposed to look at that and say that's a rational explanation of what we went through.Tyrus makes a point here. The loss of learning, businesses that were destroyed, people's lives were destroyed. I wonder, was there ever a moment where Bill Maher looked during the pandemic and said, what am I going to do? And that's the way the rest of us felt. We felt like the world was ending.So to look at it now and say, ah, well, things are coming out, the stock market is good, whatever. No, this shows you how disconnected people can get. And this is why I think Jillian Michaels was the person to tell it, because a personal trainer is very in tune with cause and effect, that if you work out and burn off more calories, you lose weight, if you eat the right things, you get healthier. So that's the way we should treat the way we look at the economy.GUTFELD: Of course, I always felt that way. It is ironic, talking about eggs, maybe it's Maher who lives in a shell. Brooke, last word to you.GOLDSTEIN: Well, I have a conflict of interest here I have to disclose. I can't criticize Bill Maher because I really want to be on his show.(LAUGHTER)GOLDSTEIN: But I think Bill Maher is on TV for the same reason I went to law school. We can't do math. I know that inflation numbers going down does not necessarily mean that prices go down and things are affordable. He was a little bit out of touch, little out of touch.GUTFELD: Yes, it's the rate of inflation, it's still going up. And again, it's where you pick the starting point. And they're just going the last couple of months. Of course, it went so high and it's coming down, but it's still not there. See how I did that with my hands, huh? I'm an economist.Coming up, Dems think it's all the rage to raise the minimum wage.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got another clip for you. It's Video of the Day part two.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Congresswoman Lee thinks it's nifty to raise the minimum wage to 50. The California Senate debate brings us our second video of the day where Democrat Barbara Lee defended her plan to raise minimum wage to $50 an hour. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You're calling for a $50 an hour federal minimum wage. That's seven times the current national minimum wage. Can you explain how that would be economically sustainable for small businesses?REP. BARBARA LEE, (D-CA) U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE: And $127,000 for a family of four is just barely enough to get by. Another survey very recently, $104,000 for a family of one, barely enough to get by. Low income because of the affordability crisis. And so just do the math. Just do the math. Of course, we have national minimum wages that we need to raise to a living wage, talking about $20, $25, fine. But I have got to be focused on what California needs and what the affordability factor is when we calculate this wage.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Thank God for the bell. Calculate all you want lady. You may as well make it $1 million. It makes nothing cheaper except money. What these clowns would realize if they ever worked outside the government sector is that if there is no increase in supply in housing, food, and energy, then the cost will rise to what the market will bear. That's when liberals call for price controls, which kills investment, then causes a collapse in the supply of everything. And then liberals will call for rationing.The upside, it will remind illegals from South America of home.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But luckily one guy on the stage did the math and countered her argument -- the lone Republican former baseball great Steve Garvey.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE GARVEY, (R-CA) U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE: Minimum wage is where it is and should be. If you look at what California has done to fast food franchises right now, increasing the minimum wage to $20, and what's going to happen. That's going to increase costs for hardworking Californians. To go to a franchise and instead of a big mac for $9, it is going to be $15.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Your time's up.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Well, that was rude. Don't they know Garvey is a .294 career hitter with over 2,500 hits? Barbara Lee didn't even play baseball!(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: By the way, also on that stage, the half-man, half-alien Adam Schiff, yes, he's runner for Senate. Bet you didn't know that. We actually caught up with him later for a comment on all this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, nice answer, Steve. I know you like playing softball, but here in Congress we play hardball. You have about as much chance of beating me as Steve Harvey. In fact, let's play "The Feud," shall we? Who will be the next senator for California. I say Steve Garvey. Oh, survey says you lose.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, seven times the current minimum wage and she says do the math.TIMPF: As someone who has worked several minimum wage jobs in the state of California, this doesn't make any sense. I noticed she did not explain how small businesses would afford it. She was like, actually, it would be better if more people -- do people really think that the reason people oppose this because they don't want people to be doing well? It's just making everything more expensive. That's exactly how we got where we are now.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Joe, it's basically, she's -- if we followed her path, we would have disaster pricing and then they would call it price gouging.DEVITO: Of course. I would love to see someone like her playing blackjack. They're at 20. Hit me, hit me, hit me. No, numbers mean a thing and you have to stop. Yes, why not make the minimum wage $1 million? We'll all be millionaires for a couple of minutes. And then it turns into Weimar Germany where you're buying a loaf of bread with a basket full of your savings.So, yes, it's funny how they just make these promises, and then they don't understand that if you raise the minimum wage, well, now if you're a poor person your money becomes worth less, and not only do you not have a job, but you go to McDonald's, you can't afford the meal, and there's no porn behind the counter. R2-D2 is ringing up your order.GUTFELD: Yes, it's true. Brooke, if it's $50 an hour, then a big mac would be $50.GOLDSTEIN: No, let's do the calculation. If we're paying a minimum wage above any level of any employer. It's not just McDonald's, any employer can afford, then our Big Macs are going to be $700 and we're going to be showing up to McDonald's with wheelbarrows full of cash, and next thing you know we're in Venezuela.GUTFELD: And then we can emigrate to Venezuela and form pickpocket gangs.TIMPF: OK.TYRUS: You would be really good at that.GUTFELD: I think so. I could climb right into the pocket and hide. And then when they go home, I'll pop out of the pocket and I'll steal things or rearrange their furniture.You know, Tyrus, Garvey, let's talk about -- why is this a huge deal? That's Steve Garvey. I grew up watching him.TYRUS: I actually talked to him this weekend. I ran into him. We were hanging out at the jacked forearm club guys.GUTFELD: Jacked forearm.TYRUS: It's covered up for the ladies.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: But here's the thing, whenever I've known anyone who says, do the math, that means they didn't do the math. They wanted you to do the math for them. And to answer a question with like, well, the cost of living is over $107,000 -- that's why you work your ass to get up out of McDonald's. Minimum wage jobs were not meant to be forever jobs.Now, as a parent who might have a couple of stepsons that work in fast food, I wish they got $50 an hour because then they could move the hell out of the house. But other than selfish reasons like that, right now, without the raise, fast food is once again more expensive than organic food. That's how bad it is. So people used to go, oh, I'm not going to Fresh Market or I'm not going to Whole Foods because it's so expensive. But then they'll hit the McDonald's now, and it's $35, I think, for two big max or something like that. Now all of a sudden organic food is cheaper. That's how bad it is. So she can do the math.GUTFELD: Yes. All right, up next, show you care with an erotic teddy bear.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Build-A-Bear pervs out. Kat, Build-A-Bear has released an after dark collection of adults-only stuffed animals for Valentine's Day. I think I have a picture of the one I purchased. Do we have it here? There it is.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: How many of these have you already purchased?TIMPF: None.GUTFELD: None?TIMPF: No adult woman wants a stuffed animal.GUTFELD: No? Only if you can stuff it full of drugs and take it on the airport and sell it in Miami.TIMPF: I also don't want that.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Brooke, I have never dated anybody in my life who even kept track --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I believe that.TIMPF: I was thinking the exact same thing. I was like, we know.TYRUS: The exact same thing. I'm proud you finally came out and the charade is over.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I was going to say, I don't know any woman who cares about Valentine's Day. Who does? Is it for second graders.GOLDSTEIN: Well, I do.GUTFELD: Oh, you do?GOLDSTEIN: I like presents and jewelry and chocolate, but I think this is super creepy. And I would be extra creeped out by any guy who would buy this. And I don't know why being against the sexualization of children's toys is controversial at all. I think it's controversial that you have to be 18 to buy this teddy bear but you can be underage to change your own gender.GUTFELD: That is true. Tyrus --(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Are we sure?(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: That was a kind of, I'm going to clap anyway.GUTFELD: Tyrus, are you concerned by this?TYRUS: No, I'm an alpha male, and it doesn't work the our world. We come home with an inappropriate teddy bear, it would be, that's what you did with your day? You went into a children's toy stop and made a sex toy. Pack your --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: This is not a gift from guys. Valentine's Day is the litmus test for men because it's just a test. They don't care about anything. They just want to make sure they have enough gifts to show their girlfriends that you fell in line and did as told. That's it. Because we, -- I've never met a guy going, like, I hope I get something for Valentine's Day this year.GUTFELD: No, it's not reciprocal. It's a one-way street.TYRUS: It's a one-way street. But again, no self-respecting man is going to be like, I'm going to go make a teddy bear that's naughty and give it to my girl because she's going to give me extra loving for giving her a naughty teddy bear. It doesn't happen.GUTFELD: Joe, do you know what Valentine's Day is?DEVITO: Not familiar with the holiday, no.GUTFELD: Do you give a gift to yourself?DEVITO: That's even creepier.(LAUGHTER)DEVITO: I feel bad for anyone who went in thinking that Build-A-Bear, they were going to make a little tiny hairy gay man. They were confused. I agree with Brooke, it's creepy. But I'm glad they're doing this because whoever signs up for it, their name should go on some sort of pervert watchlist. They've outed themselves.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Joe DeVito, Brooke Goldstein, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)