NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Also monitoring these protests, good many of them pro-Palestinian, some of course pro-Israel, but they continue and it's something about a Saturday morning and across the world in real- time where we see a good many of them. We'll explore that with some heavyweights. That's it.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, along with Jessica Tarlov, Charlie Hurt, Kayleigh McEnany and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Dangerous propaganda spreading like a virus on left-wing college campuses and social media. Federal Government is finally investigating more than a half a dozen schools after an explosion of anti-Semitic incidents that have left Jewish students too afraid to go to class.The latest disgusting display happening at the University of Pennsylvania. Disturbing posters have popped up on campus, comparing the Israeli people being held hostage by Hamas to cattle.Sadly, universities aren't the only places where radical ideas are running wild. Millions of TikTok users are endorsing 9/11 mastermind Osama bin Laden's vile letter to America, where the terrorist leader justifies the slaughter of nearly 3,000 Americans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I need you to stop what you're doing and go read a letter to America. It is literally the craziest thing I've read in a while. And while I can't say that I'm that surprised, I am pretty shocked.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They have brainwashed us to think that we was the best country on the planet -- on the planet.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Isn't like an argument for Bin Laden, but he actually had some good points as we're seeing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You all is guilty too, isn't he right? He right.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: TikTok now says they will scrub the bin Laden videos. But the damage has been done. The videos have been shared over 14 million times.It's so bad the White House was forced to put out a statement that denounces, "The repugnant Osama bin Laden TikTok trend". Some Republican lawmakers say that's not enough. It's time to ban it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): Well, these people are of course massive idiots, absolutely disgusting. And further evidence that we need to ban TikTok.REP. MICHAEL MCCAUL (R-TX): The idea that bin Laden was a prophet and a hero who has predicted that Israel is the -- is the little Satan where the great Satan, that's what China wants us them to believe. It's what Russia and that's what Iran wants them to believe in.And finally, guess who's maybe thinking about turning to TikTok to run their campaign? The Biden administration.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Joe Biden also doesn't want to offend these voters. It's the new base of the Democrat Party. He's desperately afraid to offend them.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right. I'll start with you, Jessica. I mean, these kids hate Americans -- hate America so much that they will naively attach themselves to a group of people in an ideology, that at the first chance will kill them as infidels.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, it's pretty astounding. And also that now we're talking about Osama bin Laden TikTok trend, like the hot chip or like the eating the tide pod challenge. I mean, we're really in massively new territory, and really frightening ideological territory.You know, I would never say that it is not all right, to criticize your government, or to talk about things that have been mistakes. Obviously, there's been a lot of reflection on what went on with the invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan for instance. Sure, that's all fair game.But if you're kind of lavishing praise on someone that took thousands of American lives, obviously, something is really wrong.And I wanted to point out that there was the first poll of Palestinians within Gaza and the West Bank that came out because we talk about this a lot. And everyone, I think, has been rightfully concerned. I certainly am about innocent Palestinian lives that are being lost in the midst of this conflict as Israel fights to get our hostages back, their hostages and make sure that a massacre doesn't happen again.But in this poll, it found -- this is the first one taken since the massacre on October 7th, 75 percent support the massacre on October 7th, 76 percent have a positive view of Hamas and 98.2 percent have a negative view of America.Now, that's OK. The negative view of America, that's fine, right? There are people out there and again, it is their right to have that but when I look at those numbers, and then I wonder about the true dynamic of what's going on there actually within Gaza and the West Bank, it raises a lot of questions of people who are defending the other side as pure innocence in all of this and if we got -- if you got 75 percent support for something, you would be the most popular person or you'll be the most popular issue in history. I found that very disturbing.PIRRO: Yes, you know, Greg, is it -- is it coincidence that on TikTok, I think it is on TikTok. There is something like a 2.9 billion people viewed they #StandWithPalestine and yet, 200 million viewed I stand with Israel. Is that an algorithm? Or is that a coincidence?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I have no idea. I think I realized why they call it TikTok because it's a time bomb. You know, we were victims of a misdirection where we thought that the threat of China's TikTok was data collection, but it's mind collection, right? We have handed an entire populate -- an entire generation of Americans over to a country to experiment on, to manipulate and tweak, get them to believe there's no such thing as biology, or that being obese or anorexic is an identity and not a health problem, that bin Laden had some good ideas because the West is evil.I think that it's a mistake to keep -- to just say these are radical ideas. I think the ideas themselves are irrelevant. It's more about power. Power doesn't have an ideology. It's about getting -- it's about getting people to controlling those people, irregardless of the stance that you have. That's why if you got somebody one of these people alone, they would -- they would agree, no, beheading babies is bad, or rape is bad.But when they get into a power stance, all of that stuff goes away. So, it's really not, it's about power and exercising power. And these displays into their worst, worst instincts.Now, while bin Laden is getting a makeover, the demonization transfers to Trump, right? The economist named Trump the biggest threat in the world for 2024, not war, not terror, not even climate change.It's kind of amazing, because in their reasons for it, they never mentioned war. So, what they're basically saying is they would prefer not to -- they would prefer to have -- not have mean tweets, and a safe world, they would rather have war and no Trump.TARLOV: But I think what they're reacting to was he last weekend, I think he was laying out what his plans would look like. And he talked about bringing back the Muslim ban, and detention camps. And those are the kinds of ideas that Donald Trump espoused. From the moment he came down that golden escalator, I should say, he has an escalator in his house. And throughout his presidency, so I don't think it's just the mean tweets.GUTFELD: No, ideas, and now everybody agrees with the ideas. Turns out, he was right.PIRRO: You know, bin Laden, Charlie, calls the creation of Israel a crime and anyone who's supported that needs to be pretty much erased. And we must, as Americans, clearly from the letter, pay the price.So, this sounds like genocide. And yet the people were claiming, you know, we stand from Palestine and ceasefire, are not aware of that that ceasefire allows for genocide.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: When you get into the details of the letter, it's extraordinary. And if these kids are reading the letter, and then, you know, talking about how great the letter is, it's like, did you actually read it? Because it's not like, it doesn't hint that there's some bad people over there. It talks about eliminating Jews, it talks about eliminating, as you point out, erasing Israel from the map, which is a pre -- that's a pretty shocking thing, whether you're talking about Ukraine or Afghanistan or Iraq or any country, and these people -- and but then he goes further than that, and he keeps talking about the Jews. It's not like some subtle thing.He also goes on to say, talk about how these governments, meaning the United States and Israel are preventing them from establishing Islamic Sharia using violence.So, this is all part of their effort to remove the one non-Sharia country in the Middle East and replace it was Sharia law, which is completely discordant with like freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of women, freedom, whatever.PIRRO: But it's not just Israel, it's also those people who contributed to the creation of Israel like the United States and countries.TARLOV: All the allies.PIRRO: Yes, all the allies.HURT: And at the end of the day, they don't -- they do hate Jews, but it's not just Jews in Israel. They hate civilization. They hate free country. They hate Western -- you know, all of us.PIRRO: Yes. Kayleigh, a hundred professors from Harvard, apparently oppose the president of Harvard's -- her latest turn now that she is calling to end anti-Semitism. And you know, she was not so quick. I mean, she talked about the -- these professors talked about the protection of free speech.And yet, when a conservative was involved in free speech on campus and got railroaded off the campus, free speech didn't matter.KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, of course not. It's shameful. And this is coming from someone who graduated from Harvard Law School. What we've seen on that campus has been appalling. What we've seen nationwide has been appalling.Look, you have a First Amendment right in this country to say what you want. But there are certain things as a society, we condemn Holocaust denial, denial of a mass shooting, we condemned those things, but we've moved not just from denial, but it seems acceptance, people accepting the events of 10/7.Babies were found in ovens, people accepting the tearing down of a poster of little kafir babies, a 9-month-old now 10-month-old in captivity, people accepting 9/11 where almost 3,000 Americans died.This must end and it doesn't end until we get consequences because Avi Mayer, the editor-in-chief of the Jerusalem Post said, universities are not magical places where you can say what you want without consequence. You have a First Amendment right to say what you want. You don't have a First Amendment right to a six figure job. You don't have a First Amendment right to go to an Ivy League university, you don't have the First Amendment right to deny that babies were put in ovens and think there are no consequences in a civilized society.PIRRO: OK. Coming up next, Kamala Harris doesn't realize that she's a diversity pick.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HURT: It's really no secret why Joe Biden picked Kamala Harris as his vice president. It certainly wouldn't based on her remarkable intellect or extensive qualifications. No, it was her gender and her skin color. Here's a refresher from Joe Biden himself.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I would pick a woman to be my vice president.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Are you committed to naming a black woman as your vice presidential running mate?BIDEN: I am not committed to naming any but the people I've named. And among them, there are four black women.(END VIDEO CLIP)HURT: Well, that's apparently news to Kamala and the vice president sounding completely confused when she was asked this by the media.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ASTEAD HERNDON, NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER, NEW YORK TIMES: He came to the decision that he needed to choose a black woman, how should it matter? Does it matter that that narrative has existed that Biden needed to choose someone who was a black person? And should it matter?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't think I understand your question.HERNDON: Does it matter that that kind of narrative around Biden needed to choose a black woman as a running mate still exists and has hovered over that selection or --HARRIS: It happened. I don't -- I don't think I understand you. I honestly don't understand your question.He chose a black woman, that woman is me. So, I don't know that anything lingers about what he should choose, he has chosen.(END VIDEO CLIP)HURT: You know, if all we get out of the Biden administration is just one clip, then it will have all been worth it.And I want to get to the New York Times the fact that the New York Times is like twisting the knife here. But first, Greg, the most amazing thing and this is the problem with identity politics is -- and it's so much worse with identity politics, but it's also true with affirmative action.When you set up a system where everything is based on race, even if you succeed, you have to -- I almost sort of feel sorry for her and her confusion here that people are talking about this. Because even if you succeed under affirmative action, you and everybody around you is wondering, what's this all about?GUTFELD: Yes, it's the flaw embedded in -- embedded in the diversity hire. If you are hired based on skin color, people will think you were hired on skin color, especially if there's no other reason, because she hasn't exemplified any type of competence.But when you view that, I mean, I'm sorry. That's an art piece. A performance art piece to be appreciated, as if she is playing the role of an ambivalence soulless bureaucrat. It's beautiful.The sad irony is that this was supposed to be a big step for women of color, but it was a big step backwards. And the reason why she's giggling is because she can't believe she actually got hired, she finds it funny herself. She is the worst spokeswoman for diversity since Liz Warren.HURT: She's a victim.GUTFELD: She's a victim and you're the oppressor, Charlie.HURT: Always. So, Kayleigh, but I have to say, I mean, I'm kind of -- I was sort of shocked, I was impressed by some of the questions. The New York Times. I mean, somebody didn't get a memo or somebody's just getting the memo or what's going on?MCENANY: Yes, I mean, it seems like there's a broader takedown mission on the part of some lucid leftist journalists, the New York Times included, Washington Post who realize, oh, wait, let's look at our own poll, our New York Times Siena poll, which shows Joe Biden and Kamala Harris losing to Donald Trump.I mean, she was picked, the New York Times was told by Harry Reid, "They are our most loyal voters, black women. I think that black women deserved a black vice presidential candidate". So, they were told about this identity politics. And he asked the question, Kamala has failed at her mission, she was supposed to bring in black women. According to Harry Reid.Well, 22 percent of Black Americans are voting for Donald Trump in the New York Times Siena poll over eight percent, which is what he got in 2020. And if he was to achieve those numbers, no Republican candidate in the last half century has gotten more than 12 percent of black voters.So, she failed at the border, failed a passing voting rights legislation, failed at winning black voters.HURT: And as Donald Trump says, he's the least racist person to ever run for office.TARLOV: I've heard you mentioned that before.HURT: And Kamala Harris is 16 points underwater.TARLOV: Sure.HURT: On popularity. What would you say is her number one accomplishment?TARLOV: I need to go through a bunch of things. So, no one thinks, who's being an honest broker about that Donald Trump is going to have 22 percent of the black vote, not because he didn't do better than other Republican candidates. But because that would mean that the entire electoral system in America has been upended in four years. While the man is facing four indictments and 91 felony count.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: I'm just saying, I look forward to talking about it after the November election. Man is not getting 22 percent of the vote. They also had him winning the youth vote, please, I have a bridge to sell you.OK. Politics is --GUTFELD: Or block.TARLOV: What does that mean?MCENANY: That one went over my head too, don't worry.GUTFELD: Block bridges.TARLOV: Well, at least we share that. Oh, I get it now. OK. All politics is identity politics. I don't think anyone is going to tell me genuinely that Sarah Palin was the most qualified pick for vice president and no, wait. John McCain needed a lady and he picked a lady.Mike Pence and Donald Trump had zero in common except that they wanted to win the presidency. And what did Donald Trump get from Mike Pence? He got a nice conservative evangelical man that would make a philanderer seem palatable to the Republican base and then he was able to win.Representation -- giving groups representation does not mean that it is a higher without merit. I went back through Kamala Harris's record today because I knew we're going to talk about it. She was D.A., she was attorney general in California, then she was a senator. Things like the Back on Track program, the Homeowner Bill of Rights, what she did to get Proposition Eight overturned in California, after it went to the Supreme Court. And then she married the first gay couple once the marriages resumed.And if you listened to her questioning of Trump's nominees when she was a senator, she destroyed Bill Barr there up there.So, saying that this woman was not qualified or that her candidacy was not without merit, I think is completely unfair and denigrating the woman. And I think she should have used this as an opportunity to talk about how important it is that underserved groups are represented, but it doesn't make her not worthy of the job.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Look, what she should have done. And she doesn't even have the political savvy to turn it around. That shows how inept she is. OK, when she's supposed to be so political, you turn it around, and you embrace it. And you say, yes, I am proud to be the first woman vice president, proud to be the first black female vice president. And yes, I have the -- I have the credentials, D.A., Attorney General, United States Senator, yes, I'm proud to be the tip of the spear in this changing of history in America, that.And you know what, she's just too stupid to even do that. But here's the thing -- here's the thing that that I think is so sad about it. She truly didn't understand the question.MCCARTHY: Right.PIRRO: She didn't understand it. And she didn't have -- forget the political savvy. She didn't have the intelligence to comprehend what was being asked of her.And by the way, I don't think she was so great at asking questions. Your staff gives you questions to ask when she was a senator.And you know what, but let me explain something. She did a lot of things that got her up and beyond the regular guy in politics, OK. She used her sex in ways that got her to the next level. Let's not kid each other.HURT: And I would like to clarify one thing. All politics is not identity politics. It's the lowest form of politics. And if you want to know what the extension -- the furthest extension of identity politics is, look out in the streets and see this rioting over Palestine and Israel. That's identity politics in its worst form.And 2016 is a perfect example where identity politics was trumped by issues, and that's what we should think.TARLOV: I think it's very easy. No offense to you, but it's obvious for a white man to sit here and say that identity politics is the lowest form of politics. You have not answered me why Donald Trump -- why did Trump --PIRRO: As a woman, I agree with that.TARLOV: Did you ever get anything because you're a woman?PIRRO: No, I worked my ass off.TARLOV: No, of course you did. But it didn't matter to your candidacy that you are a woman?HURT: We have to go but --TARLOV: Am I one?HURT: We have to go. Martin Luther King.TARLOV: Bye.HURT: Martin Luther King also believed that identity politics was the lowest form of politics. Up next is Joe Biden ruining Oreos. Shrinkflation is taking a big bite out of the iconic cookie.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Well, thank you, Mr. President, shrinkflation now apparently coming for our Oreos. Fans of the iconic cookie are fuming at the company. And a new Wall Street Journal headline is explaining why. "The biggest shrinkflation scandal yet. Oreo fans think cookies have less filling. Say it isn't so."The maker of Oreos denies tinkering with the amount of cream filling. But some say double-stuff Oreos are not what they used to be.Greg, I'm not even sure I can see this thin layer of cream in my Oreo.GUTFELD: Yes, the white stuff is missing. Has anybody checked with Hunter?MCENANY: Oh my gosh.GUTFELD: But you know, the Oreo fans grew suspicious when they suddenly felt healthier. Why is it a candidate for president running with this issue? Chris Christie should get in front of this. You know, here's the deal -- here's the deal. They are cutting costs. Why skimp on the white stuff? It's the best part of the cookie, that's why the double stuff sells so well.But under Joe Biden's America, they hate everything white. I guess that's why the white filling is now seen as domestic terror.TARLOV: Literally in my head, it's like are you going to go (INAUDIBLE)HURT: More of your identity politics.GUTFELD: This is more identity politics, Jessica. They're going after the white filling.TARLOV: This is how Trump wins, 22 percent of the black votes. If these are this bad?PIRRO: Yes, he's going to get it.MCENANY: Judge, look at that. There is barely any white filling, barely.PIRRO: Let me tell you. I am an Oreo cookie connoisseur, all right. I do three packages a day, all right. I do. It's sick. There's something wrong with me. Although peppermint patties are my favorite. But anyway, the -- all you taste now is just the outside cracker. It's like you don't even taste the sugar and the cream on the inside anymore. So, I can testify as an expert that they have reduced the amount of the sweetest part of the Oreo.TARLOV: I was surprised this was about the double stuff Oreo. So, I fully transitioned -- is my announcement -- to double stuff Oreos and the golden ones. So, I've gone extra white, actually, in all of this.GUTFELD: Are you changing your pronoun?TARLOV: To chunky and chunkier? No, I don't know if I believe -- I feel like they're the same -- or at least the ones that I'm having the same.PIRRO: How many of these do you eat?TARLOV: Well, I get -- when you get the double stuffed golden pack, it's like the four with huge rows.PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: So I mean, my husband and I can crush it in an evening if it's a good night.MCENANY: I mean, I'm not -- Charlie, I'm not a big Oreo fan, I will say. But I mean the broader point here is you open a bag of chips and it's like half full.HURT: Oh yes, yes. Absolutely.MCENANY: I go to the grocery store, I swear, $24.00 for a pack of chickens. And they say inflation has calmed down, but people are not feeling it. And if people don't feel it, it's bad.HURT: Well, it's funny, I actually noticed it myself, but I just thought it was some sort of new kind of cookie. Like, it was like a thinner Oreo.GUTFELD: They have a thinner one.TARLOV: I have thins.HURT: They were -- they were fine, but whatever. But you -- but you can't lie about it. And like, when Joe Biden talks about the economy and he talks about how there's this disconnect between the great economy that I'm giving America and the terrible economy everybody feels, it's like, dude, that's not a disconnect.MCENANY: Yes.HURT: That's a lie and you're telling it. And you can't -- when a --- Oreos can't tell the lie any better than Joe Biden.MCENANY: Well, President Biden --PIRRO: But you know, the good news is he actually admitted. He said finally, I understand people don't feel the numbers.MCENANY: We have that.PIRRO: Oh, you have that.MCENANY: We have that. Let's play it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I acknowledge there's a disconnect between the numbers and how people feel about their place in the world right now. We can deal with the second part as well. We still have work to do, but our model for growing is delivering real results for all Americans.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: You never know if it's over or he's just pause, you know.MCENANY: Right.PIRRO: But no, the truth is that he's got to understand. What is it, 69 percent, 70 percent are not happy with the economy? It may even be higher, 80 percent. And so, they finally said to Joe, you got to go out there and tell the people you feel what they feel.MCENANY: Yes.PIRRO: It took months but he finally kind of admitted it.HURT: But it's still insulting because he's sitting here saying that there's a disconnect, as if his story is not a lie. His story is a lie.PIRRO: Well, that's a --(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Can we get back to the topic of Oreos, for God's sake?PIRRO: Well, that's part of it.GUTFELD: Here's my solution. Here's my solution. You should have "make your own Oreos" where you come with a little stack of the wafers and you get a little tub of the white -- the white --TARLOV: Oh, and then spread it yourself.GUTFELD: And then you could spread it yourself.PIRRO: You can get icing. You buy icing in a can.GUTFELD: Yes, you can do that way, right?TARLOV: Like (INAUDIBLE).HURT: My wife will --MCENANY: You know, I will say, Jessica, to the point of the economy just quickly, you know, that people aren't feeling it. I remember being at CNN on a panel and a Democrat holding up the newspaper right before Donald Trump was elected, saying the economy is great if only these numbers got out there. The bottom line is that people don't feel it, as the President acknowledges. I mean, about 30 days later, Donald Trump was elected after that moment.TARLOV: 100 percent. I've said that he should be talking about this from the jump. You want to talk about your policies, but you also want to be the empathizer in chief. But there has been a bit of a turn. We've seen what's happened, prices of eggs, milk, gas across the country. And now in the new YouGov poll, his approval or Bidenomics or handling the economy went up to 46 percent.Now, do you want that over 50 percent? 100 percent. That's a lot of percentages. But it used to be below 40 percent. So, usually when things are turning around, it takes about six months to a year for people to fully be emphasizing it in terms of polling. But it does seem like things are getting better.PIRRO: How long as he been?MCENANY: Yes. Long time.PIRRO: It's a long time too.MCENANY: And word of warning to the Republicans.PIRRO: He went three.MCENANY: The economy didn't really translate too well in the Midterms, so that's --GUTFELD: Do you think this is an impeachable offense --MCENANY: Yes.GUTFELD: -- the Oreo cookie?MCENANY: No doubt.GUTFELD: I think we need to do that.MCENANY: We need a select committee to open tomorrow.GUTFELD: A special on Fox Nation.MCENANY: All right, well, up next, rap legend Snoop Dogg shocking the after announcing he is giving up smoking pot.GUTFELD: Yes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: It's like peanut butter without the jelly or a sailboat without the wind. Snoop Dogg has quit smoking pot. The rapper taking to social media and saying, "after much consideration and conversation with my family, I've decided to give up smoke. Please respect my privacy at this time."Snoop has not elaborated more on why he's giving up marijuana. Some speculate that he could just be taking edibles now. But maybe it's because weed is stronger than ever. A recent review of studies has found higher concentrations of THC are causing more people to become addicted worldwide.So, Greg, I think the likelihood that Snoop Dogg wasn't addicted already is basically zero.GUTFELD: I have a question for the producers. Shouldn't we have done the Oreo segment after this segment? You know, you don't eat the cookies before you get high. I love that he's always been out in the open about his smoking, and then when he stops, he demands privacy. It's like, no, it should be the reverse. I want to -- I want to know what it's like for him to give it up. He should be an inspiration to all other people that want to stop.I think, you know, as somebody that is pro-decriminalization and I reject the single variable thinking and -- but you see this rise in mental illness on the street, and there are many variables, breakdown a society, isolation, diet, alcohol. But there's a correlation there that a lot of this stuff is pretty, pretty powerful. It went from like one percent THC to in some cases 90 percent.And as -- you know, I'm not an expert and I'm not a doctor, although I tell people I am just like Doctor Jill, it's pretty powerful stuff. And I begin -- you know, you have to admit that there might be something going on even if you're pro-legalization. And I believe people can make their own choices. But when those choices infringe on the freedoms of other people, you got to take a look.PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: Judge, what do you think?PIRRO: Leaving the prosecutor out on this, I think it's very interesting that he says please respect my privacy and it has this incredible post where he's like this and it's almost like he's praying. Please respect my privacy. There it is up there. But my producer, Roman, had a great idea. He said to me, not only is he probably doing edibles, but I bet he's going to come out with a line of edibles, which is why he's not -- you know, he's saying I need my privacy. Don't ask me how I feel.But there's also -- so, kudos to Roman. But you know, now that he's not smoking anymore, Greg, you know, he was paying a guy $60,000 a year to roll his blunts. And I'm sure if he wants to write a recommendation and have this guy come to you, that recommendation would be valuable to you. No?GUTFELD: It's another job lost under the Joe Biden Administration.TARLOV: I can't wait till Trump brings back all the blunt rollers.GUTFELD: They'll be -- they'll be rolled in America, Jessica.TARLOV: No, all his stuff is made in China. OK, go ahead.MCENANY: That was hilarious. So, Snoop Doggs -- does anyone know his real name by the way?GUTFELD: Broadus Clay or --MCENANY: Yes, Calvin Broadus Jr. I love this, Snoop Dogg. This is fantastic. He earlier in the year said he wanted to cut back on marijuana due to health concerns. And he said, "He wants to see his grandkids grow old." So, what a great example to kids everywhere. We know THC is off the roof, psychosis, all these things that come with the new marijuana. He could really be a leader on this. And good for him to put the grandkids first.HURT: So, he smokes a half pound of pot a day, which is equal to 75 to 150 joints. He estimates he's smoked over a million joints and blunts in his lifetime.MCENANY: It's a lot.HURT: I get the idea that -- of decriminalization. I get that. But it's amazing how the most -- the fastest, most successful political movement in the country today is decriminalizing pot. And everybody is smoking pot now. You can't walk anywhere without smoking pot. And you have to ask yourself, why is that? Well, of course, the reason is because states have realized that they can get tax dollars from it, which is the reason there's so much money behind it.But is it really helping us? I don't -- I mean, you walk around up in the streets and like you -- we have an epidemic of uselessness in this country, you have an epidemic of obesity in this country. Have all these epidemics of people not working. Does this help any of it? And I don't think it. I think it makes it worse.GUTFELD: Do you know what -- do you know what you're seeing though? Fewer drunks. Isn't that -- remember when we were growing up, it was drunk guys wandering around the streets --TARLOV: And the brown bag -- the brown paper bag.GUTFELD: Brown bag. And now that's been replaced by this.PIRRO: Yes, well, now they're considered driving drunk -- they're driving while their ability to drive is impaired by drugs. Same thing.GUTFELD: But alcohol kills people.PIRRO: Oh, and drugs though. No, I'm just saying marijuana. It's really hard to find an overdose from pot.PIRRO: It depends. It depends on what it's laced with.MCENANY: I feel like that smell is going to kill me.GUTFELD: Well, I'm not talking about laced. I'm talking marijuana.PIRRO: Yes, I know. I know. But it can be. And you that's a problem.GUTFELD: Every -- well, everything could be laced, Judge.PIRRO: Right. That's right.GUTFELD: Your tea could be laced. I would check in the break because I saw Jessica drop something in there.TARLOV: Jessica did nothing. People who are benefiting from it are folks who are being put away for low-level drug offenses with legalization. "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: It seems dangerous, raining men. People could get hurt. All right, the first "FAN MAIL" question from Cindy W. I like this question. If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would it be? Charlie.HURT: I don't know, but it wouldn't be Sharia law.GUTFELD: Come on, don't -- just play along, you little freak.HURT: Well, like what? Like a in a game? I don't know.GUTFELD: No. Like, just -- let's say I want -- I don't want anybody to take their shoes off on the plane rule.HURT: Oh, I would -- I would definitely go with that one. I would also go with don't put your seat back.GUTFELD: Don't put your -- oh, you're one of those people.HURT: No, I don't care. I just -- it's like -- it's like really annoying.TARLOV: I did, but someone did it to me.GUTFELD: I don't care, but some things in life aren't -- but again, you're right. If you want a rule, that's your rule.HURT: I said the Sharia law thing, right? I thought that was a good one.TARLOV: But it was rejected.GUTFELD: Yes, it was rejected. He's for -- he's for Sharia, Kayleigh.MCENANY: I never saw that.GUTFELD: What rule everyone had to follow? You can make it up. It could be whatever you want.MCENANY: I would like to eliminate the self-affirming right. What I mean by that is when people are talking and they're like look, this was a terrible thing that happened, right? And then they kept talking. Like it's the self- affirming right. I know that's weird, but it really bothers me.GUTFELD: That's an interesting thing. I've never heard that before.HURT: It's like a grammar thing.GUTFELD: Judge.PIRRO: I hate it when people eat with their mouth open. It drives me crazy.GUTFELD: That'd be a great rule to like, arrest them immediately.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: No, it's true. Because you can hear and you can see everything nobody needs to see. That's like leaving your garage door open while you're, you know, doing nude Pilates.PIRRO: Yes, exactly. Yes.MCENANY: Nude Pilates.GUTFELD: Jessica.TARLOV: I don't want people to be able to cut in line. When I lived in London, I love that everyone just queued up for dates, if that's what it took. But everyone is such a cheater. And they're like --PIRRO: Where? Are you saying in America versus London?TARLOV: It's not -- I don't hate America. I don't think Osama bin Laden was a good guy. I'm just saying I hate the cutting in line.GUTFELD: So, you're a fan of queue?PIRRO: Oh.MCENANY: QAnon.PIRRO: There you have it. There you have it.TARLOV: Every block my Trumpism is unfolding more.MCENANY: Yes.GUTFELD: I am tired of people saying when they ask you how you are --PIRRO: They tell you how they are.GUTFELD: No, no, you ask them how -- OK, how are you, and they go living the dream. I'm also getting really tired 100 percent.MCENANY: Oh, yes.TARLOV: Yes.GUTFELD: 100 percent. Everywhere, everywhere, OK. Oh, number two from Frenchi. It's been a long time.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: What bad habit are you proudest of breaking, Jessica?TARLOV: Nail-biting.GUTFELD: Yes. Yes.TARLOV: Or like picking, you know. Like, where you just have, like, bloody cuticles all the time.PIRRO: Well, you can't with these nails now.TARLOV: I know. I got very serious manicures, which a number of people who watch at home think is unserious and reflects poorly upon me. But I love my nail art. And I won't touch them.GUTFELD: Judge proudest of breaking?PIRRO: Smoking.GUTFELD: I'm thinking about smoking again.PIRRO: I was a smoker. I used to smoke menthols.GUTFELD: Oh, yes.PIRRO: I used to love them. You could get -- you could ask any guy on the street. They always had a menthol.GUTFELD: That's true.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Especially if they were working. If they were working --PIRRO: If they were working, yes.GUTFELD: Yes, barbacks, they always have menthols.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes, I was always the guy that was bumming them.PIRRO: By the way, 15 years. And I could light up tonight.TARLOV: Congratulations.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes, it never goes away, doesn't it, Charlie? What bad habit?HURT: Yes, I'd have to go with tobacco.GUTFELD: Yes.HURT: That was -- that was my curse.GUTFELD: I'm trying those little pot -- the little pouches.HURT: It's not as good.GUTFELD: Yes. Nothing is as good as the real thing. What about you, Kayleigh? Do you have bad habits?MCENANY: Well, I used to pound some Diet Coke in undergrad, and I eliminated that out of my life. So, ascertain, bye-bye.GUTFELD: I quit -- I quit vaping like three years ago, and now I'm vaping like a chimney.PIRRO: Yes, I was just going to say, really?GUTFELD: But it's so good and it's just nicotine. And there's good science that nicotine is really good for your brain.PIRRO: Oh, good to know.GUTFELD: No, there is. There is. There is.PIRRO: What about your throat?GUTFELD: It's great. Look at that, Adam's apple and everything.MCENANY: I learned a lot.GUTFELD: You did.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg?GUTFELD: Oh, what a show we have tonight. Emily Compagno, comedian and judge Vince August, Kat Timpf, Joe Machi. It's an all-star night. Hey, let's do this. Gus's T.V. Picks. Now, this is interesting. When you watch this video, you're going to wonder how the hell is he doing it? I was the same thing. There's -- he's not holding on to anything. He's not leaning on anything. He's just standing. Roll it.Look at that.HURT: He looks like a kangaroo.GUTFELD: I know. And -- but look at -- he's watching Lupin, by the way, which is one of the characters has a dog.PIRRO: It looks like he has a pair of pants on.TARLOV: It was a dog. And he squats a little.GUTFELD: It's just insane. It's just -- he's watching --PIRRO: Yes, he squats. Yes.GUTFELD: I've never seen a dog stand up naturally. I think I'm going to teach him how to walk down the street.PIRRO: Yes, I've seen dogs do that. They walk -- you know, with a collar and they walk on two legs.GUTFELD: Oh, that's amazing.PIRRO: That's amazing. All right, check out this DAM cute video. I didn't say damn.TARLOV: You said (INAUDIBLE).PIRRO: A beaver caused traffic to come to a halt in New Hampshire as he took his time dragging a huge branch across the road. The beaver must live in a pretty big house or has expensive taste with a branch like that. And traffic was held up for a long time. You see him there? He's just dragging that branch along.GUTFELD: That's one hell of a beaver, Judge.GUTFELD: Yes, that is a beaver.MCENANY: Yes.PIRRO: Yes, a damn beaver.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: All right, Jessica.TARLOV: OK, so Miss Universe 2023 is underway in El Salvador, if you didn't know. And the national costume contest was yesterday. Each participant wore an elaborate costume inspired by the unique features of the country they represent. More than 80 countries are participating.PIRRO: Wow.TARLOV: Isn't that -- aren't they incredible looking?PIRRO: Cool.TARLOV: Anyway, that's -- OK.GUTFELD: Which one are women?PIRRO: Real women?TARLOV: This why I wasn't a you-go-girl. Anyway, you go, girls. I love these costumes.GUTFELD: Didn't Miss Universe go right go bankrupt?TARLOV: Did it?MCENANY: Yes, something's happening to it.PIRRO: Yes. All right, Kayleigh, hit it.MCENANY: Yes. So, I wanted to talk to you guys about a fantastic basketball player named Jonathan Isaac for the Orlando Magic. So, he had a series of injuries, lost his sponsorship. And his pastor said, hey, why don't you create your own shoes, which is exactly what he did. This is the Judah 1? The first NBA-level basketball shoe with a visible Bible verse on it. He now has five of them, one with Philippians 4:13, which was the verse I tweeted out before my first press briefing. And his brand is called Unitus, uniting us behind God and country, and I love this. So, positive, fantastic, and I am cheering for you, Jonathan Isaac.PIRRO: All right, Judah. All right, Charlie.HURT: So, check out this video. This jogger was jogging in California, encounters a mama brown bear. Her name is Laura Gold. She's on a narrow trail in California when she locked eyes with the mama bear as it continues to keep coming towards her. If you listen to her, she is like blowing the whistle, trying to get it to go the other direction. But what I really love about this is she remains totally calm. And at one point --PIRRO: Who, her or the bear?MCENANY: Wow.HURT: Well, the -- I think both of them remain calm because she remained calm. That's what you're supposed to do, Judge.PIRRO: Where is she?GUTFELD: She should have -- she should have better film though. She should have gotten closer.HURT: And if you listen to the tape, at one point, she says, oh, this is awkward. Which I thought would be like a really great final last words. And she's of course videotaping the incident.PIRRO: Yes. OK. Now, wait a minute. And this is just on a trail. And the bear is walking down the trail.HURT: Well, yes. And it's got -- she has her cub right behind her. So, she's not backing down. The bear is not -- that's mama bear. She's not backing down.MCENANY: Yikes.TARLOV: My sister-in-law had a bear in her backyard in New Jersey.HURT: She met on her way home.TARLOV: There we go.PIRRO: All right, that's it for us tonight. Have a great weekend, everybody.