BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: -- there tomorrow. Please watch Shannon Bream live from New Hampshire on Fox News Sunday. Her guests are Ohio Senator J.D. Vance, along with Congressman Ralph Norman and Thomas Massie. I'll be on the panel as well. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this "SPECIAL REPORT." Fair, balanced and still on afraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Laura Ingraham, and this is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE. Thank you so much for joining us.Fox News is learning that former Republican presidential candidate and Senator Tim Scott will endorse President Trump tonight. He is appearing with the former President in New Hampshire, and it's happening this hour. We're going to bring it to you when Tim Scott and the President come out. But first, it's good news Friday, and that's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, there are many reasons to be in a great mood going into this weekend because the good news keeps coming. Now, first and most obvious, Donald Trump blew everyone out of the water in Iowa, which means that the party is uniting. Now, it's only a matter of time before Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis, who both gave it a good go, will drop out. And if they're smart, they'll endorse him. Now, taking on Biden and the billionaires supporting Biden is going to require all hands on deck and a laser beam focus on turnout, mail-in ballots and ballot harvesting.The second piece of good news, Trump provided some clarity about his VP pick, and Haley is not on the list. Well, truth be told, you're just not a good fit. And he doesn't need a Liz Cheney-type as his backup.And a third bit of good news, the unit party has its back up against the wall on the immigration issue. The Senate negotiations are a bait and switch, as I've been telling you for the last week, President Trump has smartly and strongly come out against it. Now, the final product will give Democrats everything they want, their Ukraine money and the flexibility for Biden to keep releasing migrants into the United States. But, what do we get in return? Essentially nothing.Now, Republicans say, Laura, just wait until we see what's in the bill, the text of the bill. But, what I'm telling you tonight is that's naA_ve, because the details are irrelevant. We know that Mayorkas and Biden are never going to enforce the border despite all the phony hype by Schumer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Speaking in the Senate, we are making really good progress. I am more optimistic now that we can come to an agreement on border and Ukraine in one package. I am more optimistic than ever before that we come to an agreement.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: If the cries for help from liberal mayors didn't compel them to stop the invasion, words in the Congressional Register sure aren't going to compel Biden and Mayorkas to do the right thing. So, give me a break. Now, the good news is that the GOP grassroots has never been more united on this issue. And Democrats, as a result, they are panicking. Now, they're even trying to pressure Speaker Johnson to let the Senate deal go forward, and in return, they'll give him votes to help him survive any leadership challenge.Now, these implicit threats will not go over well. Even POLITICO knows how pathetic that this makes Democrats seem. Now, the fact that some of these liberals are even talking about the idea shows how desperate they are to find a solution. The party knows that time is running out to help Ukraine and they're getting pummeled on the border issue politically and need to do something to alleviate the situation. Now, precisely, they're getting pummeled on the border issue. And yet there are Republicans, Republicans who want to throw Biden and company a lifeline?Now, again, neither party has clean hands here, because if they really believe that Russia was an existential threat and that money is needed for Europe to save Europe, well, that Europe is going to be somehow buried by Putin, I should say. Well, if that was the case, Senate Republicans would demand that Biden sign a bill that includes the provisions which are tough, sensible provisions in H.R. 2, and then that would be followed by a period of several months of enforcement to show that Biden and company will actually do enforcement. In other words, show good faith on the deal.But, McConnell and Lankford and Thune, they're never going to demand this and they aren't doing it. And by the same token, if Democrats truly, truly believe that Trump was an existential threat to democracy, that he was Hitler, well, they would close the border immediately just to take the issue away from him. But, neither party is going to do the right thing here because their top priority is to keep the border open and the flow of millions of migrants coming here. Establishment Republicans want the cheap labor for their donors and Democrats want to change America demographically to win elections in the future. This, my friends, is a classic unholy alliance.But, the good news, so far, Speaker Johnson has played this really cleverly. He has forced the Senate's hand, and now voters are going to see what really matters to everyone. Notice that the man Republicans decided to keep as Minority Leader, Mitch McConnell, he is not going on any of the shows. He is certainly not coming on this show to explain why any of this makes any sense. And I'll tell you why he doesn't, because he can't. Again, this is nothing personal. I have great respect for the Senate leadership. But, this immigration showdown simply confirms that it was a huge mistake not to replace McConnell as leader.And even when the news isn't good, at least the truth is becoming clearer, and that is good, like the truth about EVs. Now, remember when Biden made his visit to Detroit to tour and look at and inspect all the great new EVs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Look, folks, you know, the Great American Road Trip is going to be fully electrified. Whether you're driving coast to coast along I-10 or are on I-75 here in Michigan, charging stations will be up and easy to find as gas stations are now.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, those charging stations are really working well. Well, that was that, and this is now because Americans just aren't buying it, and they're not buying them as in the EVs, and many who have actually bought the electric vehicles aren't loving them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And this is crazy. It's a disaster, seriously.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have they been charging?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. Not at all.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It just isn't working.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's just frozen. And so, I'm now going to tow to the Tesla service center because that's my only option at this point.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I've had to charge like multiple times every day the last couple of days.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Their ranges are too variable, and the EVs are not reliable in cold weather. So, Ford just announced its scaling back production of its electric F-150s, which is a massive blow to the automaker that boasted about their innovation when the truck was first introduced. Now, Republican candidates have to warn voters that if they want to preserve gas-powered cars and all the freedom that goes along with them and also gas appliances, etc., they will need to defeat Democrats across the board.And finally, there is good news out of Georgia. We're just learning how much Fani packs, as in Fani Willis packing to go on vacations, sorry, work trips, with her very married and her very special prosecutor Nathan Wade. Documents released by a source in Wade's divorce trial, where Ms. Willis is fighting a subpoena, give us more details about how busy the duo has been.Who knew that putting together an election interference case against President Trump would require so much Caribbean travel, such as multiple purchases in October of 2022 from the Royal Caribbean Cruise Line, an American Airlines ticket to Miami in November 2022, purchases included a Hyatt resort in Aruba, and the Norwegian Cruise Line. 2023 purchases included the Rum Runners free port, the island jeep, and car rental free port and some Delta airline tickets, and some nights at the DoubleTree in, well, Napa Valley. A lot of work can be done there.So, what's the good news here? Well, it's that Georgians are now seeing the corrupt system in Fulton County, where hiring lovers and vacationing on the taxpayers' dime seems to be the norm. And these are the people, by the way, with their values, who have the power potentially to change the future of America with this prosecution of President Trump. This is obscene, and it's absurd. And the good news is, next November, the voters will know it. So, it's time to send Fani packing. That would be very good news. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Missouri Senator Eric Schmitt. Senator, good news Friday. And on this immigration deal, do you sense that this is actually going to make it with this compromise and negotiation supposedly in the works?REP. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): Well, I don't know. I think that that we heard yesterday that Chuck Schumer may put this on the floor next week. Now, no one has seen any language. And I think, again, that speaks to the design here, which is to keep people in the dark and then disparate on people so they don't have time to look at this stuff.But, here is what we do know right now, Laura. You touched on it with your intro. First of all, Joe Biden has every authority right now to close the border if he wanted to. He could reinstate Remain in Mexico, which was working under President Trump. He won't do that. He could stop abusing and misusing parole, which was supposed to be individual adjudications, not entire classifications. That's accounted for millions of people coming across illegally, dispersed into the interior United States. We have no idea where they are, who they are. Maybe they have a court date seven, eight years from now. He could do that. But, he won't, because Joe Biden and the Democrats are full-blown open borders now. This is what they believe. It's in their DNA. They're not going to change that because of some language change and some sort of compromise bill.Secondly, we've been left in the dark, like I mentioned. The language is supposed to be so complex, we have to wait till we actually see it, which I appreciate that.(CROSSTRALK)SCHMITT: But, don't soil this on last minute.INGRAHAM: No, no. No.SCHMITT: Right.INGRAHAM: No. Mr. Senator --SCHMITT: And Laura, I think, to your point earlier --INGRAHAM: -- this is what they always do.SCHMITT: Yeah. And I think that here, I'm just going to say the truth of this is, for many right now in the Senate and in Congress, this is just an attempt to unlock the Ukraine money, right, to have something that people can say there is enough here to unlock Ukraine money, which is wildly unpopular among Republicans. It's losing support even in the Republican Conference in the United States Senate. And so, let's just call it for what it is, a way to get to unlock the Ukraine money. I think a lot of people are now calling BS on this. But, look, Joe Biden could close the border now. That's the truth. He won't do it. So, whatever this language changes, he has proven he is not interested and it's not going to change the reality on the ground.INGRAHAM: Senator, it's irrelevant. Like, I'm sorry, but the details of this so-called negotiated bill, which I submit was written months ago, the details, sadly, do not matter, because there is zero good faith on the part of Democrats on the border. If they wanted to enforce the border, if Trump was an existential threat and they wanted to take an issue away from him, they would enforce the border. They don't give a rip because open borders is their policy. Period. End of story. And any Republican trying to tell the American people anything different should be defeated and primaried. And I'm going to personally make sure that I work toward that.SCHMITT: So, I was -- yeah. And here is -- Yeah. And the truth is, look, under existing law, we had a secure border under President Trump. That's what you need to know. And if we don't pass anything here, guess what we're going to have under President Trump? A secure border. So, this is all, again, to your point, a very elaborate ruse to talk about these language changes to ultimately unlock the 60 plus billion dollars for Ukraine. They're already talking about another $100 billion after that for an endless war and a blank check.INGRAHAM: Yeah.SCHMITT: I think people have had enough of this.INGRAHAM: That the American people do not approve of. Look at all the polling. They don't want this. They wish Ukraine good luck. But, this is not what the American people are clamoring for, our border first and then we'll look at helping other countries' border. Senator, you've been terrific on this. Hold firm. Thank you.All right. And even more good news, I can't believe it, snow, sleet, freezing temperatures. Look, they never stopped the March for Life before, and today's march was no exception. Thousands and thousands gathered to speak for the voiceless and the most vulnerable, the unborn.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): I am myself a product of an unplanned pregnancy. In January of 1972, exactly one year before Roe v. Wade, my parents, who were just teenagers at the time, chose life. And I am very profoundly grateful that they did. We have to build a culture that encourages and assists more and more people to make that same decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That was a really powerful and personal testimony by Speaker Johnson. Kudos to him for showing up in what was essentially a blizzard at the time. I loved it. But, the butchers at Planned Parenthood and their allies in politics, in the entertainment industry, they're not moved at all by these stories of life because their singular focus, the hill that they will die on, is to see as many babies aborted as possible at any stage of pregnancy for any reason. They're the radicals. They say they are the champions of democracy? But, they hate the fact that voters in some states do choose to limit some abortions. That's horrible for them. And they claim to love and protect the children, but they support abortion up until birth, and in some cases, even after birth.A recent study showed that overturning Roe v. Wade led to 32,000 additional births, 32,000. I would call that the most important political and moral victory of a generation. Look at today's turnout. Conservative candidates should not run from this issue. They should embrace it. Embrace life.And coming up, red states save America again. Plus, a concealed carry instructor is here to teach you how to protect yourself when liberal governments let you down.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, PRESS SECRETARY, WHITE HOUSE (VIA TELEPHONE): What he's doing at the border, his policies, how he's getting involved. It's extreme right. Blocking Border Patrol from accessing the border. He's taking away the duties of what the Border Patrol is supposed to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, it is red states to the rescue again, sorry KJP, because Texas is doing exactly what their Border Patrol is supposed to be doing, arresting illegal migrants, not welcoming them into the United States. Fox News' Matt Finn obtaining exclusive video today, showing a huge change in procedure at Eagle Pass. Now, for years, migrants could walk right in, processed quickly by Border Patrol and then released. Well, with that, more disturbing proof that unfettered migration creates more crime.Check this story out. A four-time deported Colorado man charged in a crash that killed two, and he was sentenced to work for a DUI just two days before. And a wild melee in New York City's Randall's Island migrant shelter left an asylum seeker stabbed in the neck, and 18 people in custody. Haitian illegal immigrant rapists released back into the streets in Boston despite ICE appeals? Why? Well, that happened as well, because Boston is a sanctuary city.Of course, the crime surge in general has more Americans worried. They're worried about their personal safety, and some are deciding to fight back. Now, weeks ago, a customer in Houston shot and killed an armed robber. And then there was a case of an off-duty federal officer in D.C. back in October shot someone attempting a carjack cam. Tragically, the suspects were a 12 and a 13-year-old. And then in North Carolina, police arrested these home invasion suspects. It turns out the resident there used a machete to ward them off, even struck one of those thugs. Well, that'll do the trick. In August, a Chicago unpacking heat fought back during an attempted carjacking, shooting both the suspect and his accomplice, and one of those charged is 20-year-old Darick Benson.Then there was a female concealed carry holder who kept her car and shot a teen who was attempting to carjack her back in November of 2022. Talk about leveling the playing field. I could go on and on. But, this is perhaps my favorite. It was this week in Connecticut, not far from where I grew up, where a Domino's driver used the only weapon he had to try to slow down the thugs who robbed him. As the suspects tried to flee the area, the vehicle got stuck on an icy road, at which point the delivery driver threw a pizza at the suspects, police said. The suspects then abandoned the vehicle and got into another vehicle that was waiting nearby.So, men and women of all races, all ethnicities, are refusing to be victims. These communities need new leadership that is pro-law enforcement and anti-criminal. But, until then, be careful out there.Joining us now is Leon Spears, a Concealed Carry Instructor in D.C. Leon, it's good to see you tonight. Are there more people than ever in the district, Maryland, Virginia, area who are applying for their concealed carry permits and doing training, and what's the reason if so that they cite?LEON SPEARS, CONCEALED CARRY INSTRUCTOR, & OWNER OF DCCONCEALEDCARRY.COM: It's always nice to see you, Laura. Yes. There are hundreds of people signing up to concealed carry their firearms and being able to exercise their Second Amendment right to defend themselves and their family. And it's just amazing that we have to remember, the benchmark for any civilized society is the quality of its justice. And if in D.C., there is no bail law, a lot of these juveniles are reoffending. There was a stat out about two months ago that in New York City, 500 crimes, it was committed by 10 people, 10 people committing 500 crimes. And so, if law enforcement is bound by ridiculous policies, then this is just going to get worse.INGRAHAM: And Leon, are you seeing more women looking to get their concealed carry permits in D.C. for years? You couldn't get one in D.C. And now, after obviously Supreme Court decisions, you can take some work, but you can. But, are women part of this growing group?SPEARS: Yes. In fact, that's the largest segment that come to my office to get concealed, women. Sexual assaults are up in D.C. Single mothers are being assaulted. Some professional women have these large homes and they're living by themselves. And then, again, they're being assaulted and abused. So, a lot of women are coming to my office and signing up and feeling empowered that they can actually defend themselves, if need be. And sadly, for the 10 years, I've been certifying people to the point where people still are just hesitant. They're like, does D.C. even allow me to carry a gun? I'm like, man, it's been 10 years. And these just people are so jaded because it's just government policies that have just stymied the -- even the effort on getting a gun.INGRAHAM: Leon, you have a lot of friends. Sorry to interrupt. You have a lot of friends in law enforcement. What is their biggest frustration right now in D.C., where carjackings are skyrocketing, which is really hurting the restaurant business and other small businesses? What's their big concern?SPEARS: Well, law enforcement are championed by the fact that they are tired. A lot of officers that I spoke -- that I speak with, they're tired of showing up in the scene and just speaking with victims and just saying, if they had a firearm, they might have been able to defend themselves. And law enforcement officers are pro-gun for, i.e., not just pro-gun, it's self-defense. They want to defend themselves. But, it's rampant in D.C. in broad daylight, city center. There is Georgetown. We already know what happens in Georgetown. We know that in Chinatown, they're just rampantly going through --INGRAHAM: That's horrible.SPEARS: -- and just robbing people. And so --INGRAHAM: Clearing out stores, clearing out stores.SPEARS: -- it just -- clearing out stores, CVS.INGRAHAM: Yeah. We're supposed to just say --SPEARS: Yeah.INGRAHAM: -- have fun. Yeah.SPEARS: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Leon, we're going to roll. But, thank you for what you -- thank you for your words here. And you stay safe out there. Thank you for doing what you do for the people who want to be trained --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. BARBARA LEE (D-CA): -- walking from the House building on Capitol Hill to the Capitol, and a man, a white guy, stopped me and told me I could not get into the member's elevator. And you know, we have pens, and I was going to vote. And he blocked me from getting into the elevator, and told me I was not a member of Congress, and it was from members only. I said, sir, I'm a member of Congress. And he -- I showed him my pen, and he said, whose pen did you steal?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, my poor. Dear Congresswoman Lee, this is an obvious verbal insurrection. I mean, this is outrageous. Here at The Angle, we take these accusations, certainly like this, very seriously, and we are on the case. So, we contacted the Congresswoman's office for the exact time and location of this just outrageous act, but we have not heard back yet. Now, to be sure, we still did contact the Capitol Police to see if they had any idea. I mean, there was a police report or a witness. Anything? We need to nail this guy.We know a lot of Democrats keep a tight grip on Capitol security footage, video footage. So, we may be out of luck here. But, the tapes should be released, all of them. Congresswoman Lee, we're on your side, and The Angle will not rest until this mystery verbal insurrectionist is brought to justice.And is Maine becoming the next Oregon, and what does that mean? Several disturbing reports are next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now is the state of Maine becoming the next Oregon? Meaning, so crazy left that it's left America? Fox's Molly Line is here with a disturbing report. Molly.MOLLY LINE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Laura, there's some pretty passionate opposition about this new bill that's being pushed forward in Maine. It's still in committee right now, but these legislators are raising concerns that the legislation would allow teenagers from across the country to travel to Maine without parental consent and receive, essentially, sex- changing medical care, as I mentioned, in committee, bad weather and political pushback happening on this bill.The new working session before the state's Judiciary Committee has not yet rescheduled the work, but this controversial bill titled, An Act to Safeguard Gender-Affirming Health Care, critics view it as a trafficking measure that would turn Maine into a sanctuary state for minors seeking transgender care, from hormone therapy to surgery, even without parental consent.The bill's sponsor, Democratic State Rep. Laura Osher says amendments are in the works, but Republican State Representative Katrina Palermo has this warning about the bill as it stands.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: If that child runs away from their home, they come to Maine, that -- 1735 says that law enforcement cannot send that child back to their parents, that they cannot work with law enforcement in other states to put that child back with their parents who are the primary caregiver.(END VIDEO CLIP)LINE: That is Katrina Smith of Palermo. A portion of the bill notes that a state court can take temporary jurisdiction regarding a child, if that child has been, quote, "unable to obtain gender-affirming health care or gender-affirming mental health care." Now, as some states pass laws restricting transgender medical care for minors, more than a dozen states have passed laws or have executive orders that seek to protect access to gender-affirming care for transgender youth, generally shielding practitioners who treat young patients.The trans-sanctuary law that's been proposed in Maine is very similar to abortion sanctuary laws that have been passed in some states, essentially restricting law enforcement and their ability to take action or work with law enforcement from another state where a certain procedure might be prohibited. Laura?INGRAHAM: Molly, that's wild. I love the state of Maine, but that just, that can't stand. Thank you so much. And if you think that's it, that's all? No, no, no. The Democrat-controlled state legislature is now pushing in Maine for statewide drug decriminalization. They're also proposing an amendment to codify the limitless abortion into law, not to mention their attack on the democratic process.Joining me now is Steve Robinson, editor-in-chief of The Maine Wire. Steve, this is wild. I said, is Maine becoming like Oregon? Because of Oregon it went so far left, especially on the drug and the trans issues, but at least on the drug issue they're beginning to think, oops, we might have made a mistake given what Portland looks like.But what is happening in the state of Maine?STEVE ROBINSON, THE MAINE WIRE EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: Well, since about 2019 there's been a tremendous amount of migration into the state of Maine into York County and Cumberland County, about forty thousand new Democratic voters left places like New York City and Boston and came to Maine. And that has further entrenched far left left-wing politics. And are legislators, -- in particular, the sponsor of the transgender trafficking bill, they look at what California, or Oregon, or Washington State does and they say that, well, that's a good idea. We should be doing that here.So, if it seems like Maine is becoming more like Oregon, or more like California, it's because there's a very intentional effort to bring those policies here whether it's mandates for electric vehicles, the decriminalization of all drugs, or the transgender policies, which the trafficking bill is just one of many measures that have been taken by the current legislature and this governor to open up the door to sex change drugs and surgeries for kids.Right now, a sixteen and seventeen-year-old can go get sex change drugs or surgeries paid for by Medicaid by the taxpayers, even if their parents object to those procedures.INGRAHAM: OK. That is -- it takes your breath away. You almost don't believe this is the United States of America. But I want to remind everybody that the loosening of drug laws, OK, has been a disaster where it's been used. Now, two years after Maine passed decriminalization -- excuse me, Oregon passed decriminalization, violent crime shot up 17 percent, well above the national rate. Overdose rate for deaths rose 70 percent. Opioid overdoses increased by 101 percent between 2020 and 2022.But, of course, the left points to the 63-decrease in drug arrests as progress. So, is Maine prepared for this, Steve, given the fact that a lot of jobs are leaving Maine? A lot of manufacturing has already left Maine. And what are people going to do but sit up and I guess shoot up all day long? That's supposed to be progress?ROBINSON: Yeah, they're part of the same problem really. You know, I think there's a lot of economic despair and that's one of the reasons why you're seeing increased levels of drug use. But we already effectively have drug- free zones in Maine, and they're the homeless camps where, you know, regular -- just recreational drug users are not going to be arrested. Really, they're only arresting people who are guilty of trafficking large quantities of fentanyl in the state.But if the legalization of marijuana is any indication of where a legalized heroin or cocaine market would go, we've already seen that organized crime -- for an organized crime, particularly from China, have come in and growing vast amounts of marijuana illegally using the legalization of as cover. Now, if you don't think that they would come to Maine and grow fields of poppies and make heroin or fentanyl if the drugs are legalized, you're kidding yourself.But all of the evidence where this decriminalization has just been -- has been tried, the results have not turned out as the advocates suggest they will.INGRAHAM: Yeah. I guess Maine want more psychosis, schizophrenia, and manic and bipolar disorder among young people. They want that. That's why the drug legalization, especially the high THC marijuana is a good idea. Steve, you are fantastic at covering these stories. We want to save Maine. We want to remember Maine. Remember the Maine? But we want to save Maine, and we got to save her from this leadership. The people have to wake up. Thank you.And up next, the dead are talking from politicians to comedians. A shocking Friday Follies with Raymond Arroyo. Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's Friday and that means it's time for Friday Follies. It's always fun. For that we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, you have a rather odd theme tonight.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, good. Yes, I do indeed. I'm calling it Dead Men Talking. Now bear with me, and we're not going to talk about that Alec Baldwin shooting indictment, I promise. Let's start with the president, who if you believe the polls, Laura, he's on political life support, though his public events are already in rigor mortis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: False monument to congressman that never -- where's Debra? This year I just had to -- picture taken with her. That's probably why she left. All kid aside, anyway, you can't tell she couldn't be here, actually. That's not true. I got mixed up.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Poor man. He got mixed up after gobbling down some milkshakes, Laura, he addressed the U.S. governors just this afternoon. Newsflash, the president was still mixed up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Americans have filled 16 -- filled 16 new -- 16 million new business applications since I became president. And I love people said, the blood of liberty -- excuse me, the tree of liberty is water with blood of patriots. Well, guess what, man? I didn't see a whole lot of patriots out there walking around making sure that we have these weapons. If Jill were here, she'd say, Joe, hush up, boy.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Hush up, boy. Laura, these polls are so wobbly. I mean, it's amazing to me, there's a new poll in New Hampshire that shows him up three points on Trump. This thing's so fluid, I can't imagine that performances like this will allow him to hold any advantage.INGRAHAM: No, live free and think. I mean, if he's three points up on Trump, what the heck is New Hampshire thinking? I don't believe that poll.ARROYO: Laura, it's the liberty of the blood.INGRAHAM: I spent four years in New Hampshire.ARROYO: The liberty of the blood.INGRAHAM: Yeah, liberty of the blood.ARROYO: Laura.INGRAHAM: All right, man. Come on, man.ARROYO: Politics aside, there's an infrastructure in place to protect the decline of the president. Kamala Harris said this week that this election is a choice between chaos and competency. So, they send Jill Biden to a high school today. Jill. And well, there are times where satire is unnecessary, Laura. Jill appeared at Hunter High, complete with banners.Now what competent White House staff allows the First Lady to appear at Hunter High when Hunter's entire future hinges on whether or not he's high? I mean, this is craziness.INGRAHAM: Free cocaine on the sidelines. I mean, what is that? I mean, that, well, that's not a good one. All right, what, finally?ARROYO: Sometimes you win some, you lose some. Well, the ultimate dead man talking is comedian George Carlin who just released a brand-new comedy special even though he's been dead since 2008. It was allegedly created by AI and his parody and it's drawn the ire of Carlin's daughter who says no machine will ever replace his genius.Now, I caught up with comedic legend, Larry the Cable Guy, who reacted to the fake Carlin special this way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The AI thing is nuts. I mean, that's not fair.ARROYO: They have come out against it. But apparently, they can't stop it because it's under parity.UNKNOWN: Well, that's ridiculous. I mean, it's -- no, that's not right.ARROYO: That's your name and likeness.UNKNOWN: They got to come up with something. They're going to have a hard time doing my voice.ARROYO: Well, you'd be surprised.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I thought that was AI and not really you or something. I thought there was a gag there. I knew George Carlin a little bit from our old days appearing on IMAS. I had the most hilarious dinner with him once. It was one of the most fun things ever. And his daughter's right, there is no replacing him with AI.ARROYO: Well, he was brilliant.INGRAHAM: All right, Raymond, to pick up on your dead man walking theme, though.ARROYO: Yeah, we don't want to do this. I want to change gears. We have Fani Willis video that has emerged, Laura, from April of 2020. I'm sorry to break in with this, but talk about a dead man walking. Here's Fani Willis, who has caught up in her own scandal. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's certainly inappropriate for the number one law enforcement officer in the state on -- it really, really saddened me, and it will be very unfortunate if the taxpayers of this community have to pay for any of those lawsuits.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: she's talking about sleeping with your underlings, Laura. This is right hypocrisy.INGRAHAM: Well -- by the way, I think I had that same dress. OK. I think I've just noticed. I'm focusing on what's most important. All right, Raymond. Never AI can replace Friday Follies, never. All right, coming up, you're never going to believe what NBC Sports did to a viral clip from one of the most inspiring players in the NFL today. Dan Dakich will explain it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: CJ, your first playoff game in your first NFL season and a record-setting performance for you. What does this moment mean?UNKNOWN: First and foremost, I want to give all glory and praise to my Lord and savior, Jesus Christ. I mean, it's been amazing being in this city for as short as I've been, but the love that I've got. I've really just been doing it for Houston, man.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, NBC Sports reposted its post-game interview with the Texans quarterback, CJ Stroud, but that one line Stroud said from the first go-around was oddly missing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: CJ, your first playoff game, in your first NFL season, and a record-setting performance for you. What does this moment mean?UNKNOWN: I mean, it's been amazing being in this city for as short as I've been, but the love that I've got. I've really just been doing it for Houston, man.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Corporate media now trying to what? Erase devout Christians from sports? Good luck with that. Joining us now, Dan Dakich, host of Outkicks, Don't @ Me. Dan, I have a question to you. Isn't it the case at this point that the sports media are more woke and more left-wing than the political media?DAN DAKICH, HOST OF DON'T @ ME ON OUTKICK: Laura, thanks for having me. The sports media is completely out of their mind. You know, the white sports media is so afraid of being called racist or sexist, and the African-American sports media, well, I mean, that's who they say they've always been. They've always been liberal. They've always been this way.And look, when I saw that, this is what really shocked me. OK, people want to delve into politics. We've never really had that in the sports media, Laura. But we've always had, I want to thank Jesus Christ, my Lord and savior. Then this goes back to the 70's when guys would be interviewed after boxing matches or baseball games or basketball games.And all of a sudden now, out of nowhere, because I've not seen this, Laura, I've not seen this being edited like this anywhere else other than that. So, now we're going to eliminate Christianity? I'm stunned by this. I saw Joy Reid was complaining about the white conservatives in Iowa. Like that's something new. We're surprised there's white conservatives in Iowa?You know, there's black conservatives -- I'm sorry, white Christians in Iowa. Excuse me, white Christians.INGRAHAM: Yeah, they don't like people of faith. They don't like people of faith. They don't like the nuclear family. That's all the big threat to their agenda. And CJ Stroud, I have a feeling like, he's not really concerned about their views on Christianity, because every chance he gets at big press conferences, he makes a point to say what's most important to him. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Like I always do, man, and more than ever, just thank God. Thank my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, man. It's been a blessing. It's been a heck of a year. And I thank God, I can just go another week with my teammates. God is at the forefront of our minds, and we play for audience of one.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I mean, Dan, if Megan Rapinoe wanted to thank, you know, her community for all their support, and that was edited out, what do you think the reaction to that would be? But you edit out Jesus, and they're like, yay. Jesus has been through worse.DAKICH My wife and I were watching the game, and when CJ Stroud came out, I said, I'll bet you, I always do this with my wife, I'll bet you a million dollars that he talks about Jesus Christ first, I'll bet you. She's like, what are you talking about? And then he did, and she's like, how'd you know that? I go, because he always does that.And then the other side of it is, well, so we're good with Black Lives Matter, I mean, we're OK with that. What are we good with? We're good with Hamas? What all are we good with? We're good with transgender, we're OK with that, but we're going to fight on Christianity? We're going to draw a line on Christianity, are you kidding me?And the startling thing is, again, we're seeing this everywhere. This isn't just sports, this is everywhere.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, Jesus has been around for 2,000 years, his story. I think they'll survive ESPN. All right, great to see you, Dan. Thanks so much.DAKICH Thanks, Laura.INGRAHAM: I hope you had fun with the show. I certainly did. It was a great week. Don't forget, set your DVR so you always stay connected with us. Check me out on Instagram, X, and all the rest. Remember, it's America now and forever. We have to make sure, now and forever. Jesse Watters takes it from here.