SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity. For news anytime, every time, all the time, foxnews.com, hannity.com.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld standing by. He'll put a smile on your face. That's next. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Happy Wednesday. So last night, New Hampshire clarified a few things for us. First, that Donald Trump will probably be the Republican nominee for 2024. True. That's as much a lock as President Biden making up a new word.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We'll teach Donald Trump an a valuable lesson. Don't mess with woman of American unless you want to get the benefit.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wait. What was that lesson exactly? Don't give a microphone to someone with dementia. The second lesson, that Dana Perino will never be welcome in New Hampshire again. Dana, that was a water fountain, not a bidet.Now somehow Nikki Haley came out and gave a victory speech, which is kind of like the Hindenburg declaring victory over fire. But, wow, she's doing like a speech like she won.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, U.S. REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: They said, wow, she's doing, like, a speech like she won. She didn't win. She lost. This is not your typical victory speech, but let's not to have somebody take a victory when she had a very bad night. She had a very bad night.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: A very bad night. And yet I can go up and I could say to everybody, oh, thank you for the victory.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I said, I can go up and I can say to everybody, Oh, thank you for the victory. It's wonderful. Or I can go up and say, who the hell was the imposter that went up on the stage before and, like, claimed a victory. She did very poorly, actually.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It is true. But do you find in life you can't let people get away with (BEEP).(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I find in life, you can't let people get away with (BEEP) OK? You can't. You just can't do that. And when I watched her in the fancy dress, it probably wasn't so fancy. Come up. I said, what's she doing? We won.(END VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The dress not so fancy. Trump carried New Hampshire by double digits in a state where more Democrats voted in the Republican primary than Republicans did. That usually only happens in Chicago, and those voters are dead.It's not easy to lose badly in a situation like that and then claim victory. She must be getting advice from Liz Cheney. Oh. So what gives? Why would Nikki treat a New Hampshire hammering like a win? Just because she lost by less than expected? Hell, if Michael Jordan had that attitude, he wouldn't be in Cooperstown.TIMPF: I get it, actually.GUTFELD: Thank you. But it comes down to money and power. If she acts like she lost, there goes the gravy train, and maybe she thinks if she sticks around, Trump might put her on the ticket. After all, when it comes to people, Trump will trash them, then appoint them, then trash them again. It's his thing. One day you're in, the next day you're out. I'm the same way with my proctologist.Now by some predictions, Nikki did better than expected. Although, after Iowa, she could have showed up and lit a chinchilla on fire, and the media would have said she did better than expected. The media says the same thing when Biden doesn't poop his pants.But Trump's victory means the deal's pretty much sealed. And if we know that, Nikki knows that, which is why as primary day approached, a new Nikki emerged, Woke Nikki. Suddenly, we're hearing pandering anecdotes about Nikki facing discrimination for being brown when she was growing up. Nikki also claimed that she was disqualified from a beauty pageant when she was 5 because she was neither black nor white.But, hey, that's happened to me too. I also blamed race when I didn't get the role for Webster. But it's part of the game. You pick a lane, and hers was identity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, U.S. REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We were the only Indian family in our small southern town. I was teased every day for being brown.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I get it. I also was teased for being brown, but what do you expect when you get 28 veggies a day? Well, look, I'm not questioning her origin story or how it impacted her life, all that sucks. But when you're pandering the dams as a Republican, it's kind of embarrassing. So last night, her constituency wasn't really Republicans it was Democrats, in a way she's running against her own party, not just Trump.And now the Democratic primary in New Hampshire constituency was also last night, and 2 little known challengers got roughly a quarter of the votes between them. There's Dean Phillips, who is so unknown, even his wife and kids asked to see his ID.Marianne Williamson, who has completely transformed into a scented candle. Yet they peeled 25 percent of the vote away from this sitting president. And hell, even Madonna after plastic surgery is more recognizable both in both of them. Maybe it's because Biden didn't even go to New Hampshire. He was in Virginia. Maybe he thought it was New Hampshire. And it was there that he said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Hello, Virginia. And the real governor, Terry McAuliffe.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yeah. How's that for election denial? Maybe someone should file articles of impeachment right now. I say you should go to prison with the rest of the Jan sixers, but they've suffered enough already.So while the media contorts itself to somehow make this a loss for Trump and Nikki spends tens of millions, getting pummeled, Biden appears weaker, frailer, and frankly, deader. So when the media tells you this thing is far from over, they're right. The problem is they're talking about the wrong guy.(ANNOUNCER: Period! Let's welcome tonight's guests)GUTFELD: When he trips and falls, he always lands on his hair. Fox News Contributor, Charlie Hurt.Even Governor Hochul is sorry he didn't beat her. Former Congressman Lee Zeldin.This cat has 9 lives. Thanks to being an expert at identity theft. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News Contributor, Kat Timpf.And he's an expert in MMA, making men afraid, New York Times bestselling author, comedian, and former NWA world champion, Tyrus.Charlie, I'm already sick of this topic, but we have to talk about it because it's supposed to be important. Do you think Nikki Haley is sticking around because she's angling for VP, or is that ship sailed?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I don't know. I mean, his -- Trump's comments about her, week or so ago, they were pretty Shermanesque.GUTFELD: Yeah.HURT: To the point where he -- what he said about -- he said, she wasn't presidential timber. And then he followed it up by saying, the fact that I said this means that you can hold me to it, and I can't undo it. And if you think about it, you know, whenever that you have these discussions, my question always is, OK, what's the ad that Democrats can run against them when he picks her?Well, it's going to be a pretty devastating ad, and we're not just talking about the comments about the dress. But I think it's funny -- I thought his speech last night, you know, everybody's been talking about how well- behaved Trump has been the last couple of weeks. And then last night, he was like -- he took the he took the chain off and, went after her. I think because she really -- I think she really ticked him off.GUTFELD: Yeah.HURT: And he was not going to -- and, of course, you can't blame him. I mean, you can't. The one thing everybody can agree upon about Trump, other than the fact that he's highly entertaining and hilarious is that, if you poke him, he's coming after you.GUTFELD: Yes. Exactly. He will come back with a 100 pokes.HURT: You can't claim that you're a victim if you poke him first.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know, Lee, Kamala Harris got the VP nod after basically -- well, literally calling Joe Biden a racist. Remember that? In the debate saying, I was that girl on the bus, Joe, and then all of a sudden, he's -- so, I mean, it could happen here. Right?LEE ZELDIN (R) FORMER NEW YORK CONGRESSMAN: This isn't the Democratic party of 2020, which has only begotten more woke since then. Yes, Kamala Harris was able to elevate to the number 2 position in the country following this particular model of being the first this, the first that.I don't think that Donald Trump in choosing a vice president is looking for that above merit, above -- where that person stands on issues, whether there's chemistry, the person's a hard worker, the right fit. He's not looking to trade all of those traits in.By the way, yesterday, It was a blowout amongst registered Republicans. I mean, he crushed, Nikki Haley. And I mean, she should be getting the hint here that it's time to step aside, allow us to unite.If she really cares about what's most important, which is saving this country, about making sure that Joe Biden doesn't get 4 more years, I mean, she could do her part in a really big way by calling up President Trump and saying, you're going to be the nominee. I cannot win any of the 50 states. What can I do to help? That phone call needs to happen yesterday. If it's not going to happen yesterday, it should happen tonight.GUTFELD: Lee Zeldin. Lee Zeldin, clearly, angling for VP. Kat, you're an astute watcher of primary politics. You were up all night watching this tabulating. You actually personally went to New Hampshire to count them.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No. I actually watch -- I did watch it. Yes. I texted Dana. I was like, how are you alive? You've gone all day. Oh, no. This is going to be the year for the libertarians. Just kidding, guys. I know it never it never is our year.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: But I -- that's -- you know, that that's what I believe.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Nikki Haley, I think it's interesting how she's trying to make appeals to people. You know, growing up, I was bullied. Like, I was bullied also growing up, you know, and I didn't grow up to love war.GUTFELD: Yeah. Excellent point from the libertarian. Yes. What were you bullied over?TIMPF: Oh, my -- being myself.GUTFELD: Were you ever --TIMPF: Was kind on me. Yeah.GUTFELD: Were you ever disqualified from a beauty pageant till the age of 5?(CROSSTALK)TIMPF: I would never go near a beauty pageant. You know what? I was a very androgynous looking child.GUTFELD: Mm-hmm.TIMPF: Yeah.HURT: But the more important question, did your parents ever enroll you in a segregated beauty pageant?TIMPF: We're the -- yeah, I didn't really understand what was this pageant? Was it like a -- was it at a Marriott? Like, where was it?HURT: Apparently, it was in, like, the 40s.GUTFELD: Yeah. No. If she was 5 -- she's 50 something, so it had to be the late 70s, Tyrus.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, to be fair --GUTFELD: OK.MURDOCH: -- in the 70s, it was still illegal in some states. My home state of Boston, Massachusetts for the for the blacks to marry the whites.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: So I guess when she went to the world's racist beauty pageant, she was a little too confused, and she insulted the racist judges, which is hard to do.GUTFELD: Yeah. Especially at 5.MURDOCH: Yeah. So here's the issue I have. I don't -- let's just say for argument's sakes that all those things that she said happened.Mm-hmm.MURDOCH: All that only further makes your journey to be able to run for president in the United States greater, because you overcame obstacles.Mm-hmm.MURDOCH: But that's not the speech she's making. Because I would support that. I'd be like, yep, they called me Brown every day. But guess what? Now they might call me madam president. That's a great story. And that's people who have used something, because everyone in this audience has got a story. You -- we all have a story, it doesn't matter what color, what -- somebody didn't like you for some reason. But she's not doing that. She's placating to who's writing the script now.GUTFELD: Do you know what she's doing? She was differentiating herself from other Republicans, saying, I'm not racist like they are.MURDOCH: Yeah. Which is crazy seeing how the most straight up, let the best man, woman win regardless of color, is being shown at the highest level at the Republican party. We had 2 brown people. Good thing Vivek didn't show up at that beauty pageant. Imagine the look on the racist black guys and white guys? Like, someone explain me how 2 brownies got in here.GUTFELD: And so I wonder if she ever brought that up while Vivek was around.MURDOCH: No. Because whenever -- you know, it's funny because the brown on brown hate was pretty solid between Vivek and Nikki.GUTFELD: That's true.MURDOCH: Like, she -- just the look of him disgusted her.GUTFELD: She called him scum.MURDOCH: She literally was behaving like the racist black and white organization, didn't let her compete. You have to be careful You don't become what you hate, because whenever Vivek came in the room, she's like, I hate that brown (BEEP). So we just have to be careful.GUTFELD: It's so funny though. She did call him scum, scum.MURDOCH: It was like Asian on Asian hate crime.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: It was like, he's Korean, he's not Chinese. You know? So it's like --GUTFELD: Wow. So true. All right. We must move on. We got a great show.Up next, Whitmer lands with a thud by talking to a spud.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(ANNOUNCER: It's the video of the day)(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Yeah. Thank you. I like these people. An airhead gov shows a tater love. True retchin' Gretchen went from a kidnapping hoax to making horrible potato jokes. Our video of the day comes to us from Michigan's Gretchen Whitmer who announced news about higher education with the help of a talking potato. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROFESSOR POTATO: Hey, Governor Whitmer. How's it going?GOV. GRETCHEN WHITMER (D-MI):Hi, professor Potato. I wanted to share some Yukon-gold news with you, my best spud.PROFESSOR POTATO: What is it?WHITMER: We both agree that every Michigander deserves an opportunity to go to college without frying their bank account.PROFESSOR POTATO: Absolutely. A higher education helps you learn more skills, pursue your passions, and even plant your roots right here in Michigan.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I think we found out where Brian Stelter's been. Yeah. We got a Timpf [ph]. He won't be any beauty pageants.All right. Now you might be thinking, am I high on mushrooms? But, no, this is a real video released by a sitting governor. So what's going on? Whitmer is acting more baked than that potato. But, I guess, if you want to tell taxpayers that they're footing the bill for even more useless crap, you might as well use (BEEP) potato.Seriously, if a potato inspires you to go to college, maybe you should just start practicing the question, do you want fries with that? More, please.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WHITMER: But for too many, college is financially out of reach, that's why I'm so excited to announce an appealing plan.PROFESSOR POTATO: Oh, I know what you're planning. This year, we will work together to make the first two years of community college tuition free for every high school graduate.WHITMER: That's right, professor. Michiganders will save an average of $4,000 as they earn their associate's degree.PROFESSOR POTATO: Hey. That isn't small potatoes. That's a big deal.WHITMER: To learn more make sure you tune in for my State of the State address.PROFESSOR POTATO: I'll be there for sure. Later, tater.WHITMER: Later, tater.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I am -- I still think I'm high. And I thought Whitmer was only bad at politics. Nice job, Michigan, you elected a woman who talks to side dishes. You don't see Tudor Dixon chatting with a dish of coleslaw or coleslaw. But that's Democrats for you, a governor who talks to starches and a president who's a vegetable.MURDOCH: Nice.GUTFELD: Kat, as a native Michigander, is that how you say it, Michigander?TIMPF: Michigander. Yeah.GUTFELD: Michigander. How do you explain this?TIMPF: OK. Well, We do sketches on this show sometimes.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: If somebody came to me with a script and I looked down and it said, I've got some Yukon gold news for you. You're my best spud. Like, I wouldn't do it.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: Right? I would also say, who on the staff has a problem with me?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I'd prefer you just tell me directly.TIMPF: Yes.GUTFELD: Right?TIMPF: Girl, your staff hates you. There's no way anybody could have watched it, like, wrote this and be like, this is going to look good.GUTFELD: Yeah. Everybody that works for her hates her, because this would have not gone through any other way. This is humiliating. And you could have told -- you could have known to be humiliating. So you -- people hate you. Sorry. It's tough to hear, but I'll be the one to tell you since nobody is well.GUTFELD: Yeah. She needs a best friend. So don't do the potato thing.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: Don't do the potato thing. Tyrus, and that wasn't even an appetizing potato. Usually, I love potatoes.MURDOCH: I'm just curious. Was Idaho aware of this cultural robbery? Is anyone from Ireland?(CROSSTALK)TIMPF: Potato. Nothing -- like a potato.MURDOCH: Yeah. I was woah. Listen, this is what happens when, you don't check what your staff is up to.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: She didn't see the graphics. They said, hey, we got this really cool thing. It's going to be -- this it's going to be like Sesame Street. And you're going to talk to a potato. She's like, like a potato puppet? Like, yeah, kind of.And, it's like the dude with the upside head. It doesn't even look like a potato. It looks like some sick furry thing. A caterpillar, maybe? But whatever it is, it's terrible. And she didn't see it because she was lazy. She wouldn't go to the studio. She did it on her phone.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: So she has no idea what she's talking about or whom she's talking to or what technology is involved. She just saw it when it was done. Yeah, yeah. It's fine. It's fine. Then when they hit the thing, one of her staffers was like, did you see the thing you just did? And she was like, Yeah, it can't be that. Oh, my god. How do we get out of this?Like, this is what happens. You've got to double check that. That's why you check everything before it comes on air.GUTFELD: Of course.MURDOCH: Most of the time.TIMPF: Who is the potato? I really am dying to hear.GUTFELD: Yeah. I want to look at that potato, you know --TIMPF: Has a mustache. Looks like it's a guy with a mustache.GUTFELD: You know what it reminds me of? Hunter's Penis. Been through a lot, people. By the way, she did miss a pun there. He could have said, hey, what do you do for a living? And she can go, Idaho.MURDOCH: Yeah.GUTFELD: It's a pun --MURDOCH: Penis.GUTFELD: I don't really mean that.MURDOCH: The only way this works is if the potato tries to kidnap her.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: That's the only way this works.GUTFELD: Do you get --MURDOCH: A bunch of fries come up behind her. You know, it's like, let's go --GUTFELD: Potato could be an undercover fed.MURDOCH: Yes.MURDOCH: Fed. Fed.HURT: Fed. Fed. Fed. Fed.GUTFELD: All right, Lee. You could do potato puns if you want, or you can address what is wrong with our governors?ZELDIN: So when I was running for governor, I was trying to work it hard to connect with Gen Z and Millennial voters, and I had no idea that this is what they're looking for. A governor who spends their day talking to a potato? I never realized that.And first off, it's a creepy ass potato. It's a Tyrus' point.MURDOCH: Yeah.ZELDIN: You have to you have to address that. But like, seriously, who does this relate to?GUTFELD: Yeah.ZELDIN: I mean, other than Brian Stelter?GUTFELD: Yeah.ZELDIN: The target audience of this particular video, I can't name anyone who is watching this and saying yes --GUTFELD: Yeah, it's like --ZELDIN: It resonates.GUTFELD: It's like for babies or something. It's like a Barney video. This is not for people going to college. It's too warped. It's strange. I am -- I'm worried about her.ZELDIN: This is impeachable.HURT: She's tried and she it's a tease to watch her State of the State address. Who -- what Sesame Street viewer is going to watch this and then tune into her address? But I was impressed that you went with the, Brian Stelter thing. That was a low hanging tuber.GUTFELD: Yes. It was.HURT: But, no. But this is what -- the funniest thing about all this. That she's supposed to be the smart one.GUTFELD: Yeah.HURT: This comes out as the that book came out --GUTFELD: Right.HURT: That that The Biden didn't want to pick Kamala Harris at all in the first place. He wanted to pick her.GUTFELD: Yes.HURT: And it's like -- so she's the smart one?GUTFELD: Mm-hmm.HURT: There's -- it's like, Where do we go from here?GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Well, don't worry about that she's going to get sued. Because people who identify as potatoes are going to be furious. But they had a keyboard and a laptop there knowing that potatoes don't have hands. So you're just rubbing it in his face. There's a vegetable without opposable thumbs, so she's got enough problems to deal with right there. Because the potatoites [ph], the potatoiters [ph], they're going to be furious when they --GUTFELD: They will. Well, all eyes will be on you, governor.HURT: Very appealing.GUTFELD: Potatoes have eyes. Did you know that?MURDOCH: Which is weird because you live underground.GUTFELD: I know. It makes no sense to me at all.HURT: That's why he knows.MURDOCH: Yeah.GUTFELD: Oh, well. Up next is The Daily Show toast with a recycled host.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(ANNOUNCER: Who the (BEEP) is this Guy?)GUTFELD: Jon Stewart returns as The Daily Show crashes and burns. Jon Stewart is returning as the host of The Daily Show 9 years after he left it. Because he's just what late night comedy needs, new blood.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, he's following the old showbiz tradition of going out on top and then crawling back a decade later. But here we go again, another old white male running the show. What happened to diversity, equity, and inclusion? At least give it to a woman, that way you could pay her less.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A sexist would say.GUTFELD: But maybe by hiring a white guy that makes it easier to blame a white guy when it fails. So he will return as host every Monday starting on February 12th. But you know it's a bad sign when something called "The Daily Show" only wants you once a week. This after Comedy Central through hordes of guest hosts against the wall and none of them stuck. Most of them stunk. The rest of the nights will feature rotating comedians, although they get better ratings rotating rotisserie chickens.Tyrus, you know, is he going to be the same Jon Stewart? I think everybody is going to expect he is coming out to bash Trump, but what if he doesn't?TYRUS: Then he will lose his Mondays. He had the streaming show. How did that work out?GUTFELD: Not well.TYRUS: Not well. But it's Trump season officially after New Hampshire. His guests are going to be like Jim Acosta. All the guys who made money off the Trump previously are now coming back in droves. It's going to start out as Monday. But he's going to end up there all five days a week. But they don't know how to be honest with the other comedians they have filling in. So he is just doing Monday's. Yes, that's the peak day. That's the day you want to get everyone off and running is a Monday.But Jon Stewart is going to go on the Trump tour. He's going to be, every day have a different heart attack from Trump. They brought me back in to save, it's a good story. That's how they're going to play it. And they will do great with the 300,000 people that watch it.GUTFELD: Lee, obviously, they are doing that because this show is destroying the competition. So they had to bring back --(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: You're welcome. You're welcome. Lee, is this a good move?ZELDIN: The audience that moved over to "Gutfeld!", they are not running back to Jon Stewart. They are happy where they are.And as far as Jon Stewart, to Tyrus's point, he is part of that angry, unfunny delivery of comedy eroded by somebody who forgot what being a comedian even is. He is willing to cash in whatever chips have been earned, whatever capital has been earned on funny jokes in the past to be able to speak to an audience one night a week. And I would say, my prediction is exactly what Tyrus is. You're going to get anti-Trump anger between now and November. Who knows what he is going to want to do next. But he is surrounded by poison with some of the people he speaks to who hate Trump so much. And I think it has impacted him. And this is a guy who was talented and able to deliver a funny joke, and his career was on the right path. But I think Trump derangement syndrome has blown it up. We're going to see anger and unfunny material coming out on Mondays on Comedy Central.GUTFELD: That's my turf.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Charlie, I'm going to be more diplomatic. Do think he's -- Colbert and Kimmel, and that other guy at night, Seth Franklin?TYRUS: MacFarlane?GUTFELD: Seth -- Meyers.TYRUS: There you go.GUTFELD: Yes. Do you think he is going to fall into that group or what?CHARLES HURT, OPINION EDITOR, "THE WASHINGTON TIMES": If he has an ounce of integrity, he won't. And I have to be honest. I never watched him when he was big and he was doing it every night, not just Mondays. But at least you'd hear about it sometimes. And like you said, I do think there's some talent. He's not as dumb as the rest of them. He actually has some independent thoughts. And if he has any integrity at all or any business sense, for that matter, he would realize there is this wide open territory.GUTFELD: What Bill Maher is doing.HURT: You can just go out there and just eat it up and give you a little competition, make you work for it a little bit.GUTFELD: I don't want to work.HURT: Well, I think it will make you better.GUTFELD: Oh, no it won't.HURT: Iron sharpens iron.GUTFELD: Look at me. Look at me. This is the best you're ever going to get, from me anyway. Charlie, jerk.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat --TYRUS: You've got three loyal fans. They're like, woo.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes. Thank you. I feel so much better being forced to applaud me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, are you as upset as I am that you know he's going to get paid more for that one show than everybody in this studio combined? He is going to get the Maddow deal, right, $100 million for one day a week.TIMPF: Maybe. Probably. I like Jon Stewart. I think that he did a good job. I liked watching him. Thank you, one other person.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: He had a lot of independent thoughts. I think he's funny. I can't imagine how those other people feel that thought they were in the running for it, though. Comedy Central did like the TV equivalent of dating a bunch of people and then going back to the wife they said they were separated from.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Nobody had to worry about it. You said you two were over. I would be a little upset. But I'm going to watch.GUTFELD: Yes. The media is going to adore him because he's back. But I think he might surprise them, because I think he's going to notice that the lane is already clogged.TYRUS: He's already on to them with the pandemic stuff.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: And I'm sure there's going to be a huge deal with him not openly supporting Hamas. You're going to have those couple hurdles even before he even gets to Trump-ville (ph).GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.HURT: And he's got an opening there where there are a lot of people who are sort of emerging from Trump derangement syndrome, and a lot of young people who are like, wait a minute, why did I believe all of those things? And questioning, and of course, destroying the credibility of the media in all of these.ZELDIN: It's going to be like one of those nine to one ratio. OK, I said one thing that's critical of the left, now I get nine anti-Trump jokes. There will be some viral moment where maybe Stewart says something that is hilarious and everyone is watching, like, oh, maybe he has come around. But yes, the ratio is there's nine more jokes to come going after the right. Maybe he will get one in.GUTFELD: Coming up, her brain is devoid, yet she acts like Freud.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got another clip for you. It's Video of the Day Part Two.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Wow! That was groovy. I like that, Gene (ph). Come over later and we'll have drinks. Where that thing I like you to wear.AOC gives a glimpse of why she prefers wimps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez brings us our second video of the day. Here she is psychoanalyzing Trump supporters and even uses words with multiple syllables.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ, (D-NY): Donald Trump is what you actually get when you want a politician to embody all of your hopes and dreams and like caricatures of yourselves. Donald Trump affirms insecure men's idea of masculinity. They affirm insecure people's idea of wealth. He confirms --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Internalized misogyny.OCASIO-CORTEZ: Yes, insecure white folks' idea of race.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: She makes me want to get a gas stove so I can stick my head in it.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So now AOC is some sort of psychologist? Makes sense. Whenever America hears her talk, we all feel the need for Prozac. But really, if she's going to attack an entire group of people with dime store theories about manliness, it's only fair to return the favor. Maybe she has got her own insecurities about her boyfriend's masculinity and she's doing her own projecting. It has to suck to be dating a guy with smaller balls than you.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Or maybe she's insecure about her own femininity. Meaning it must suck to have bigger balls than your boyfriend.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Lee, I go to you first.HURT: Good luck.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Because you are a New York dude. You ran for governor. I always find it interesting that she can happily psychoanalyze and sexualize groups of people, but if you do it to her, she becomes a victim. Oh my God, you can't say that. I just reversed mapped exactly what she said.ZELDIN: Yes, and 100 percent of the time if you go after her, it is because of whatever biographical, demographical information she wants to throw out. We were both on the House Financial Services Committee. We had some CEO of some bank there in front of us, and she is grilling that bank, trying to get the CEO to admit that -- because they were one of 19 banks to help on the Keystone XL pipeline. Wants them to admit that they should be liable for any environmental damage caused by the Keystone XL pipeline.And you could hit a mic button, make your mic go hot. And I wanted to ask will the gentleman yield. Should the company that manufactured the microphone she is speaking into be liable for the crap that is coming out of her mouth right now? I was this close to going live.(APPLAUSE)ZELDIN: And she probably would have been like, I'm a victim. You go after me because, dot-dot-dot, whatever demographic, biographical information she wants to throw out. No. It's because the argument that you are making every day, all the time, is just too often retarded.GUTFELD: Yes. You can say that now. It's OK. You can say that now.TYRUS: Wait, what?GUTFELD: You can say that word.TYRUS: Don't play with me. That's one of my favorite words.GUTFELD: It is now acceptable. It is now acceptable. I met with the associations, and they said yes.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Charlie, the thing that bugs me about this is that instead of just like, OK, there are 70 million, 80 million people who think differently than you do. Why not just think about why instead of just calling them deplorable or racist or insecure? It's like at least we go after specific people. We don't go blanket groups, unless they are blocking traffic. But it's like, instead of -- that was such a cliche. And she might want to go home and go why is this person so appealing? What am I missing?HURT: Because she is unburdened by caring about any of this or actually solving anything or actually understanding anything. All they care about is winning. And they have discovered that if you are totally racist and you divide everybody into groups, racial groups or gender groups or whatever it is their identities are, then you can just talk to them like that and gin up controversy to pit them against one another and win elections. It's powerful, and it's very effective. Can you imagine if somebody, a Republican or any politician were talking this way about blacks? Or these women -- the media would melt down.But the other thing that I thought was really funny, and I deserve Jon Stewart's salary for actually watching that entire video that you sent to me, was the part when they began she started complaining because she was intimidated by the fact about how men talk in sports references in the workplace, and how upsetting she finds this. How bizarre.GUTFELD: Yes. Man, you should hear the stuff I have to listen to.TIMPF: No sports references here.GUTFELD: Exactly. It will never happen.It is interesting, though. Kat, it's like who is that dude? Dean Phillips. He went actually to a Trump rally, and he hung around people and he talked to them. That is harder than just saying you like Trump because you are insecure about your masculinity.TIMPF: I need to say this because I am the only woman on the panel, once again.GUTFELD: So you think.TIMPF: No, but listen.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: OK.TYRUS: An announcement later.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes. I have an announcement --TIMPF: I support you no matter what. You know that.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: But women kind of do just like hang out and psychoanalyze people like all the time.GUTFELD: You do what?TIMPF: Yes, women psychoanalyze people when we hang out. That guy is a narcissist. Of course, that's what we do recreationally. Don't act like you're different. I see you.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Right? OK. But I think it's clear that they have never met somebody probably, because the people who vote for Trump, there's a lot of different people who vote for Trump people. Some love him. Some people are like, he's better than the other guy. So you can't paint with a brush, millions and millions and millions of people.GUTFELD: You know what's an interesting point, that famous moment when Megyn Kelly asked Trump about sexist, said things. And he said, to be fair Rosie O'Donnell. And it was a legendary moment. There is a difference between going after a group and an individual. And I think that's the thing that people, the media doesn't understand is that Trump only went after one -- he would never say anything about voters. He would say Rosie O'Donnell, or he would go after Megyn Kelly. But he never would go like an entire swath.TYRUS: That requires high-level intelligence to go after the person you have an issue with. What district is she running?GUTFELD: Isn't she Harlem? I can't remember.ZELDIN: It's New York 13 or something --TYRUS: If you ever break down in New York 13, understand this is the leadership. Just walk.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Chalk it up. Who voted? Why aren't you doing your job? If you are ever on a show where their rebuttal to everything you is aha, you are on a really bad "SNL" skit form the 1980s. She said the same thing three times. The only thing she change was man and person. And the other person was, well, it's internalized masculinity. So if it's internalized, that means I am keeping a secret. How would you know?GUTFELD: Exactly.TYRUS: Stupid -- I believe the term is "retarded."(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: They just say things.GUTFELD: I never should have told you.TYRUS: No, because what I'm going to tell the FOX lawyers is Greg told me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, we've got to move on. Up next, a change where you are going if you are flying in a Boeing.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE) GUTFELD: Now it's a falling wheel. All right, Charlie, a Delta flight from Atlanta to Columbia lost its front tire right before taking off on Saturday. So first we had a door plug. Now we've got a wheel. And apparently another plane noticed the tire fall off and alerted the pilot. And he said thanks for that. We've got a problem. Is there a common origin to this? What do you think?HURT: What a time to be alive. It's been like 60 years since we supposedly put a man on the moon. And it's like everything is going to -- I think Trump would have a good description for where everything is going these days.GUTFELD: Yes, going to hell.HURT: No, I don't think --GUTFELD: He wouldn't say that. He wouldn't say that. He'd say something else.Tyrus, can we blame this on Mayor Pete? I would like to.TYRUS: I just -- you know what, so I flew out last Friday. My flight was scheduled for 8:00, but we had a flat tire. And we had to change the tire. It only took four hours. And I watched it. And they have the same problems that we have trying to change a tire. Like no one could -- who has the jack?(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Everyone was calling around, that was literally what they were looking for. And then when I saw the size of the jack, I'm like, you lost that? So I got to sit outside, I'm sitting at the gate window watching this group of men circling around going you do this, you do this. And I was like, we are never getting this tire changed. No, no. It's no problem. We do it all the time. They made it sound like it was the Indy 500. They were just going to pop in and bring the tire up. No. They had five teams of experts to say yes, it's flat. That was just to get it started.Then they get it finally done and we are on the plane. And then I hear, somebody misplaced the paperwork. We've got to wait. And I was like, did they kick the tire? Can we go? Things are falling apart because this is the result of these equity hires management. This is what we are seeing. That's what it is.(APPLAUSE)HURT: Why are you trying to blame Pete Buttigieg? It was Nikki Haley who was on the board of Boeing.GUTFELD: Well played, man with the nice hair.TYRUS: And she left because they said she was brown.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Lee, why didn't they just call AAA?ZELDIN: They should call the TSA the way that TSA inspects us going through. Those agents should do that with the plane before we take off. It's always hard to take care of your kids on these planes, but in a way it's starting to get easier now. The way we used to do it on the bus, the wheels on the bus go round and round. But now it's like the tires on the plane are falling off. The walls of the plane are falling off. So I guess in a way it helps you to entertain your kids a little bit better.GUTFELD: Kat, last word to you. Are you alarmed or do you think this is just coincidence?TIMPF: All this Boeing stuff would make me nervous to fly if I knew ever what kind of -- plane I was getting on.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's best not to know, best not to know. It's a plane.TIMPF: Yes, that's all I need to know.GUTFELD: Don't look.HURT: You don't ever look at the safety placard to see what plane it is?TIMPF: No.HURT: OK.TYRUS: They don't even say it anymore. They're like thank you for flying. That is all.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I'm not listening to anybody.GUTFELD: Exactly, put on your headphones, take a pill, and pray.TYRUS: When emergency exit seats are free, be concerned.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Charlie Hurt, Lee Zeldin, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)