SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity" this Monday night.And tonight, Oregon officials, they have declared a state of emergency in the city of Portland tonight over the growing fentanyl crisis. By the way, only a few years after the state largely decriminalized these hard drugs. Our very own Sara Carter live on the ground in Portland with a full report.Also, finally, by the way, I mean, finally, a good moment at the Grammys, imagine that. Will this moment possibly lessen the political divide as many on social media seem to think? Well, we'll let you decide yourself.All right. But first, tonight, the U.S. Senate, they have released their long awaited border legislation and by the way, it's not just about borders. It's about Ukraine. It's funding $60 billion more and about Israel funding only $14 billion.Now, this bill does absolutely nothing to secure the border. It would be an unmitigated disaster and, by the way, every public Republican should strongly be opposed to this. It would mandate legal representation for all illegal immigrants. It adds 50,000 extra employment and family reunification visas. It gives Biden the power to funnel asylum claims to ports of entry if more than 5,000 illegal immigrants cross each day for seven days after which the ports must process a minimum of 1,400 claims a day.And what's worse is the power can only be used for a limited number of days and sunsets after three years. That's just the headlines.In his celebration of the deal, far left Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy said the quiet part out loud on Twitter, writing: The border never closes. Now, but get this, the one provision in the bill actually allows Biden and gives him the power to not abide by the emergency shutdown authority if he doesn't want to. So, you know, saying it, quote, authorizes the president to suspend the border emergency on an emergency basis for up to 45 days if it's in the national interest. Well, it could as it be written up as the basically codifying into law all of Biden's aiding and abetting of illegal immigration into this country.Former President Trump, whose policies led to the most secure border in history, the one that Joe Biden inherited -- well, called it a horrendous bill and a gift to Democrats. Personally, I'm really having a hard time understanding even why. For the Senate Republicans out there, why would you ever negotiate this deal?Biden doesn't need legislation to fix the border, we've been saying this over and over again. Biden's claim otherwise is a flat-out lie, and nothing more than a blatant attempt to shift the blame for the crisis onto Republicans, if they're stupid enough to allow that to happen.Now, Biden was handed the most secure border in our nation's history. With the stroke of a pen in his first 100 days, Biden revoked all of Donald Trump's efforts to exclude illegal immigrants from the census. He strengthened DACA. He ended Trump's interior enforcement. He halted border wall construction. He ended the remain in Mexico policy, which is extremely successful. He also let title expire.Joe does not need Congress to fix that. He can reinstate those policies on his own, just as he undid them with the stroke of a pen. He doesn't need congressional legislation to do that, but obviously, Biden is not serious about fixing this man-made crisis of his.On top of that, the House already passed a very strong board of security bill, that's called HR-2. Why didn't the Senate simply take up HR-2 and make it part of their big package although I don't like the idea. I think every bill should stand on its own merits. I don't think foreign policy funding should be connected to the border in any way. I don't think Ukraine should be impacted by a border bill.This bill would enact the necessary steps to secure our border again. That's HR-2. Meanwhile, a CBP source tells FOX's Bill Melugin tonight that the day the legislation was released, there were over 6,000 illegal immigrant encounters at the southern border, including 160 Chinese nationals that were apprehended -- apprehended in the San Diego sector.Now, a regular occurrence of recent weeks, we've talked about over 26,000 Chinese nationals in this country, over 12,000 from Russia. And what about the ones from Iran and Syria and Egypt and Afghanistan? Why are Chinese nationals pouring over the border in southern California?The problem now has become so bad that even the liberal media can no longer ignore it. Take a look at this "60 Minute" segment from last night. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: The number of migrants arriving at the southern border is unprecedented. Last year, U.S. Customs and border protection recorded two and half a million instances of detaining or turning away people attempting to cross into the United States from Mexico. So what's the fastest growing group among them? Chinese migrants. Yes, you heard that right, Chinese. We saw large groups, including many from the middle class come through a gap at the end of a border fence 60 miles east of San Diego.The legal entryway is a new route for those hoping to live in America.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Look at New York City where the Governor Kathy Hochul with the mayor Eric Adams of New York City welcomed illegal immigrants with open arms. We are open. We're a sanctuary state.Well, it's wreaking havoc in New York. This morning, New York City police officers, they conducted a raid on a Venezuelan gang tied to dozens of robberies and, of course, the brutal assault on NYPD officers last week and showing just how truly out of touch he is, New York City Mayor Adams attended the raid and the press conference thereafter, appearing to wear a Fendi scarf. Reportedly, that scarf cost nearly $700. I'm glad he's making a lot of money doing a lousy job.Here with reaction, former senior adviser to President Trump, Stephen Miller and the host of "Tomi Lahren is Fearless" on Outkick, Tomi Lahren is with us.You know what? We're going to break protocol. We're going to start with Stephen Miller tonight.And there's a reason, Stephen, is American First Legal, your legal group, put out a list of every single thing wrong with this border bill. What have you found?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, this is an astonishingly, stupendously, astoundingly catastrophic bill. It is beyond anything any of us could have imagined or feared. For example, Sean, this bill gives Secretary Mayorkas unfettered, unrestrained power to mint new citizens out of illegal aliens.But I'm saying is literally true. It is not hyperbole or exaggeration. Here's how it works. Under federal law, all an asylum officer at DHS can do right now is grant something called credible fear, and that's just a initial step on the long road to asylum. The asylum court, USCIS and DHS are the radical left of the radical left. That is the deep state of DHS.This gives them the power to rapidly grant newly arriving illegal aliens full asylum benefits. So in other words, Mayorkas is the unilateral decider of who gets asylum. What does that mean? If you get asylum, you get instantaneous access to federal welfare, such as food stamps, public housing, free health care. A year later, you have a green card and four years after that, you can be a full voting American citizen, with access to chain migration and everything else American citizens get, and you certainly are not ever going to be deported.This bill also cements and codifies catch and release by saying that if an alien demands or insists upon asylum, they can be released from federal custody, never to be seen or heard from again. As you have covered, the shutdown authority that purportedly exists in this bill doesn't exist at all. President Biden can wave it or decline to enforce it at any point in time, but it's even worse than that, because the excess has to be shunted to ports of entry to still be admitted anyways. That means that if a future president wants to keep the aliens out, he has to let them in through the ports, whereas under current law right now, a president can shut down the ports completely and not let in a single illegal alien.This legislation also on top of all of that, it completely exempts unaccompanied minors from immigration enforcement. So anyone 17 or under gets a free pass to come into America. That drives the MS-13 problem. It drives the gang problem. It also drives the child trafficking problem, of course, monstrously.At every single level, this bill enshrines the worst policies of Joe Biden. It makes it easier to turn illegal aliens into citizens, and it hamstrings future enforcement. It guts title 42, makes it an unusable, unworkable tool into the future and it's so filled with complicated pages long, exemptions, exceptions and waivers and discretionary authorities that it is impossible to effectively manage the system. It will be the best gift immigration attorneys for illegal aliens and NGOs have ever received.HANNITY: You know, it's amazing but, Tomi, I go back to the simple point, is in the first 100 days when Biden's been president, he undid all of the Trump policies, I only gave you the short list, the ones that mattered. Stay in Mexico, building the wall, title 42, et cetera. The law is very clear on top of it and we cited that on this program many times and that is it is against the law to be doing the things that he's doing, including aiding and abetting in what is by any definition human trafficking.And on top of it, we learned last week he's giving a billion taxpayer dollars in debit cards and other benefits to illegal immigrants. That's our money. We -- nobody approved that or came to the American people and said, are you okay with your money going to illegal immigrants, a billion dollars worth? I don't think most people would be okay with that.TOMI LAHREN, HOST OF OUTKICK'S "TOMI LAHREN IS FEARLESS": No, most people are not and what this is, this is a giant trap. Once again, the left -- they are manipulative, they are smart, they are cunning. They have found a way to once again move the goalpost and then our so-called Republican leaders, representatives senators, they're rushing to this tinkled, tickled pink calling this an accomplishment, codifying and legitimizing illegal immigration is somehow an accomplishment?Once again, the Democrats have set the rules. They bend the rules. For every enforcement mechanism that's in this bill, as Steven mentioned, there's a loophole right next to it, then maybe the average American reading it doesn't immediately realize. But this to me amounts to treason. This to me amounts to legitimizing illegal immigration for the foreseeable future.We want to get Donald Trump back in office because as you mentioned, Sean, he was able to -- in four years, he was able to give us the most secure border certainly in my lifetime.Joe Biden could do that tonight. He could do it right now. Of course, we know he's sleeping but he chooses not to. The Democrats are throwing him a lifeline on immigration and Republicans are sitting back like they need to take this because somehow it's going to look good for them in the press.No, Republicans need to hold the line. The left is going to cover this whatever way they want to anyway, do not give them this out. Do not fall for the trap, stand up for the American people and hold the line.And any Republican that doesn't do that, they should have their name on a list and they should never be elected to political office ever again under the R label.HANNITY: The only way to stop it, Steve Miller, is if Republicans are completely united in the House and that means everyone -- that means the Ken Bucks of the House conference. They have to all be on the same page. Otherwise, they'll go to conference, they'll send the bill, it'll be brought up for a vote, whether Republicans want it or not, and this has a chance of passing, it really does because of the slim majority the House Republicans.MILLER: Yeah, we're operating on extraordinarily thin margins. Obviously, we don't have control of the Senate. We need everyone in the House where there is the two-vote margin right now to support Speaker Johnson in his statement that this thing is DOA, not in this form, not in any similar form. It is completely and totally dead in the House. We need every House Republican to stand by Speaker Johnson in that proclamation.This is very simple, Sean, and Republicans need to get this and drill us into their skulls. The correct position as a matter of policy, politics, and morality is a legal aliens go home. You don't get 1,000. You don't get 2,000. You don't get 5,000.Illegal aliens don't come in through buses, airplanes, ports, land entry, anywhere. They don't come into the country. If you break our laws and violate our sovereignty, you go home. You don't pass go, you don't get $200, and you certainly don't become a citizen.And make Jon Tester, make Sherrod Brown, make Senator Rosen of Nevada defend the Joe Biden policy of permanent invasion levels of illegal immigration. If you make that the referendum, you will keep the House, you will win the Senate and you will prevail at every level up and down the ballot. Do not become an accomplice or a party to the destruction and eradication of our national sovereignty. It's that basic. That simple, that binary, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Stephen Miller, Tomi Lahren, thank you both for being with us.On Friday, Dr. Phil McGraw, he visited the southern border in Texas, meeting with Border Patrol officials to witness the ongoing crisis firsthand. He rightly criticized the administration for their failures, calling it, quote, a humanitarian crisis unlike anything we have ever seen before.Here with more, on his experience visiting the border in Texas, author of the book "We've Got Issues", a good friend, the host of "The Dr. Phil Primetime Show," Dr. Phil McGraw.You know, I've always loved your style, which is just hard-hitting, penetrating, straight truth, take it or leave it, I'm not worried about your feelings. I'm not sure in this woke world, if that's quite as acceptable.I give you credit though. You went down -- you went down and you looked at the border yourself. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris can't really say that they did what you did.DR. PHIL MCGRAW, TV HOST: Well, Sean, thank you. I did go down because, first off, I'm pro-immigration. You need to understand, I think we need immigration in America. We need it for a lot of different reasons, but not the way it's being practiced right now.HANNITY: You're pro-legal immigration. You're pro-legal immigration. I'm pro-legal immigration.MCGRAW: Well, and we both are and I and know that. And I went down and talked to these gentlemen because I wanted to know from a -- you know, one of the most psychological principles, one of the most fundamental psychological principles is you don't reward bad behavior. And I wanted to go talk to the guys that are -- that are heading this up.And I have to tell you, you talk about some impressive troops down there. These guys are fighting a morale battle because they can't get what they need, and I wanted to know what's happening down here, what's really going on. You know, we hear this number, 6 million people have come across under the current administration, I talk to experts down there that say that number is a myth, that it's closer to 13 to 14 million that have come across.And I asked them straight up what is it you need here? And they I was shocked to hear them say, we don't need more money. We don't need more resources. We don't need more officers. We don't need more legislation.We just need the laws that are on the books to be followed. We need to be allowed to do our job and we can get this under control right now. We don't need a bunch more money, officers and legislation. Just let us do our job. That's all we need, and if you'll do that, we can get this under control overnight.HANNITY: You know, Dr. Phil, I've been down there myself over the years, probably 12, 15 times, horse back, all terrain vehicles, on foot. You know, I've been out. I've been in the drug warehouses, you know, floor to ceiling, you know, drugs that will kill our kids.You know, whatever the number is, 8 million, 10 million, when you count -- when you count gotaways illegal immigrants, here's the thing nobody else wants to talk about. With supporting legal immigration, that to me means -- well, every person coming to this country needs to be vetted. They can't have radical ties or associations.We need to know that that before they come here. We need to know -- give them a health check in the middle of a post -- in a post-pandemic world. We need to make sure they won't be a financial burden on the American people. I think very simple stuff.We have people coming from Iran, Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan, China and Russia in large -- tens of thousands combined from those countries, why do you think they're coming on southern border? And what are the odds that there are terror cells among that that large group of people?MCGRAW: We would be incredibly narcissistic to assume that these people are coming in here just because they're in the neighborhood. They're coming in here with an agenda, Sean. Between 2010 and 2020, it's estimated that 1,100 Chinese came across the southern border. In the first months of '23, it's estimated that 33,000 came across, and many of them military age men.Now, where did they go once they came across the border? We have no idea. They're not being monitored. They're not being followed.And look, in China, you don't just decide, you know what? I think I'll take a trip. They have to go through certain steps to get out of China. It costs a lot of money to get here and when they get here, what are they doing? If they're working in farming, if they're working in industry, I'll promise you they are expected to do certain things.Are they spying? Are they sending seeds back from farming to China or are they getting plans from industries they're working on in? Who knows what they're doing? We don't know, and we need to know.And the guards tell me and I talked to so many of them down there they said, we're not trying to close the border. What we want to know is who, why and what? Who's coming in here? Why are they coming? And what is their business?And we have the right to know that, to control who's coming into this country? And as I said, you don't reward bad behavior. You don't subsidize things that you don't want to see more of, but that's what's happening.And there's an interesting thing that really shocked me, Sean. If they run into someone in a brown uniform, that's a Texas Department of Public Safety border guard, they get arrested. They get put in jail and they get returned. If they run into a green uniform, that is a federal -- they get money and a court date that's seven to 10 years down the road and they get released into the country.So you see these groups coming across and if they see a brown uniform, they hide. They see a green uniform, they run towards it. And that to me is just insane that we have that kind of difference going on down there with guys working side by side.HANNITY: I really give you a lot of credit. I mean you've spent the time. You went down there. You talked to the people on the front lines.Mark my words, Dr. Phil, and I pray to God that I'm wrong, that I can one day say I was wrong, among the 10 million or so illegal, unvetted Joe Biden immigrants, I guarantee you terrorist cells have mixed among that group and they're not coming here because they want a better life for themselves or their family. And he will then have blood on his hands, that's a national security disaster, a clear and present danger.Dr. Phil, thank you. Great to have you back.All right. When we come back, Oregon declaring a state of emergency in Portland. It shouldn't surprise anybody. Why? The fentanyl crisis just a few years after they largely decriminalized the use of hard drugs. Sara Carter has an exclusive report.Also, President Trump said Governor Kristi Noem is on his VP short list. We'll ask her about that, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So, back in 2020, voters in Oregon, they decided by a 16-point margin that Joe Biden should be the president and police there should stop arresting people for using drugs. They also never punish the people who by the way spent the entire summer of 2020 doing a lot of rioting there. Four years later, much of downtown Portland is now an open a drug den, with public fentanyl use a constant part of city life. It's gotten so bad, that the state, the city, the county, they've now joined together to declare a 90-day state of emergency to try and pull this the city back from the brink. It sounds a little too little too late.Our very own Sara Carter in Portland today asking locals just that question. Here's what they told her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Do you think the fact that they made it so accessible has led to this massive increase in narcotics use and deaths?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's no doubt in my mind. There's no consequence. I mean, the people who are addicted are addicted and that's -- that's just easier to obtain and use and not have any consequences.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We complain about too much government, and then when there's not enough government, then we have issues like what we're experiencing now and a crisis to where a lot of people can be affected and die.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that in Portland, we just don't have a lot of resources about it. There are a lot of like, really, well-intentioned folks in charge in like making decisions. But we haven't really seen like what they're doing with the money that they've been given, like after measure on 10 pass.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know, Portland used to be pretty nice, calm city. And nowadays, you know, I think they've cleaned it up a little bit but, you know, drug use, all the things that comes with drug use -- is just gone horrible here.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Sara Carter live in Portland tonight with much more.You know, to me this is as predictable as the day -- you know, as the sun rising in the east and setting in the west. That's -- it's that simple to figure out. But this is what leftwing policies give you. Now, all of a sudden, a state of emergency, how's that going to work out for the city of Portland?CARTER: Well, yeah, Sean, I mean, just to put this into perspective for you, in Multnomah County, this is where Portland is located, fentanyl deaths have increased 533 percent since 2018, and that's going up to 2022. They say when the 2023 numbers come in, it's going to far exceed the 533 percent increase.I mean, it's shocking when you're walking down the street and you see young people in their early 20s, mid 20s, late 30s, and they're slumped over. They are no longer aware of the world around them and you know that it's growing exponentially. Others are walking around the city, they're carrying Narcan on them.I spoke to one mother, she didn't make it in in our segment right there, but I spoke to one mother who said she's terrified of what's going to happen to her child. She saw addicts in her own family and never tried, you know, any drugs because of that, but then said what's going to happen to her kid when she lives in a community that's overrun by narcotics and lawlessness?And everyone, everyone, whether they were young or whether they were old, Sean, that I spoke to, said there just aren't any consequences. And just to make matters worse and you were talking earlier about what was happening at the U.S.-Mexico border, we know that all these precursor chemicals are coming from China, they're coming into Mexico and Latin America, it is there that these fentanyl tablets and pills are being produced and then they're shipped into the United States.And many of the deaths that are occurring now are not just due to overdose. They're actual killings, people taking a Percocet or taking a pill and thinking it is that pill and it isn't. It is pure fentanyl and it is killing them.So we're in an extraordinary crisis here in the United States. I can say this that many people wonder how far this is going to go. Portland is just a microcosm of what is happening in so many other cities across our country, Sean, and it's really frightening and shocking.HANNITY: All right. Great job, Sara Carter in Oregon tonight, we appreciate it.Now, as Joe Biden continues his border standoff with the state of Texas, a group of Republican governors, while they headed to the Lone Star state this past weekend to show their support, frankly, I think there would have been a showdown if that didn't happen. All the Republican governors supporting Greg Abbott.South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem was one of the first. She made her own visit to the border last week. She pledged to send troops and razor wire to help Texas. Governor Noem has aligned herself with President Trump on the border issue.By the way, this past weekend during an interview with Maria Bartiromo on "Sunday Morning Futures", guess what Trump said? Yep, confirmed what I had asked her a number of times and, in fact, Kristi Noem is on the short list to be his running mate. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: But that has nothing to do -- I don't want anybody to take even any inference, but it's incredible. Kristi Noem has been incredible fighting for me. She said, I'd never run against him because I can't beat him. That was a very nice thing to say.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with more, author of the new book "No Going Back," South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem is with us.Governor, first, before we get to the question, you know I have to ask and want to ask about Trump and then maybe being chosen as VP, his running mate, I don't think -- I don't think Governor Abbott would have been able to withstand whatever that deadline meant to Joe Biden had it not been for you and Ron DeSantis and Youngkin, all the Republican governors, they all deserve credit, that stood by Governor Abbott's side.If you didn't stand with him in solidarity, I'm not sure -- I'm not sure Biden wouldn't have precipitated a real -- real crisis down there.GOV. KRISTI NOEM (R-SD): Yeah, Sean, I went the actual day that that showdown was supposed to happen. People asked me why when I heard the news, I immediately the next day was at the border and it was because of what I heard Democrats encouraging the president to do. They were encourage -- encouraging President Biden to activate our national guard soldiers, so that they would stand down.He actually was going to take control of our South Dakota National Guard and actually activate them so that they would not protect America. So recognizing the real threat that was to states rights and how that would be the first time in history a president would pay a soldier to not fight, to not protect our country, made me show up in Texas the next day to let Governor Abbott know I'm here, South Dakota is with you, we will defend our constitution, we will defend our rights because the last several years, we've seen Democrats take away our freedom of religion, our freedom of assembly, our freedom of speech.We can't let them take away our state's rights, too, especially our rights protect ourselves.HANNITY: All right. Let me ask you about the interview that President Trump had with Maria Bartiromo, and he made those comments about you and the vice presidency. Hypothetically, I've asked you that question a number of times. Well, I said you'd be on everybody's short list. I believe that to be true now.But he specifically mentioned you and Tim Scott. What's your reaction?NOEM: Well, I mean, that's kind of him. You know, I support President Trump's policies.(LAUGHTER)HANNITY: It's kind of him. Not a big deal, average day.(CROSSTALK)NOEM: Well, he and I talk quite often and he's a man who has strong policies and always puts America first, and that's my priority too. At the end of the day, no matter what policy you're talking about, it has to be fighting for America first, or else there's no other place in this world we can go and live a better life and have more opportunities.So, you know, I was -- very kind of him to say that and he always is fun to listen to. I don't know how long his short list is. He may have 50 people on his short list, who knows? But I think he should pick somebody that will tell him the truth, be a good partner and that will help him win, because he absolutely needs to win for the sake of our future.HANNITY: Well, I say this, if the question was ever brought to me and my name were brought up, I'd be like Maximus to Marcus Aurelius, do you not accept this great honor with all my heart, no, I don't need that headache, but the national media is brutal to whoever that person will be. We see how they treat President Trump. We see how every Republican pretty much is treated.But we've got -- well, just what 273 days until election day.Governor, great to have you. I appreciate all that you -- yeah, I appreciate all that you and uh the other governors have done to support Governor Abbott.All right. When we come back, you're not going to believe what Biden calls both President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu behind closed doors, pretty revealing.We'll get Newt Gingrich's reaction and actually we have a good news story. What a shock, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: In spite of the media trying to will it, Joe Biden's poll numbers are not getting any better. A new NBC News poll showing Biden trailing former President Donald Trump by five points overall. And get this, Trump beats Biden by 23 points when it comes to who is more physically and mentally fit to -- for the job.By the way, Trump trailed Biden in 2020 in that department by nine points. No wonder then that Biden is lashing out at Trump in private, reportedly calling him a sick F-word and an f-ing A-word.And Trump isn't the only one that's the target of Biden's ire. Apparently, he has now turned on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who Biden is now reportedly calling, quote, a bad f-ing guy. The White House is denying that report. Regardless, it looks like Biden has given up on the charade of being that kind, likable, you know, gentle old man, like a grandfather figure.He's now fully revealing himself to be the arrogant lifelong politician he's always been. And this, of course, as Biden has all but refused to hold Iran accountable for their attacks throughout the Middle East, striking a few empty warehouses here and there, and letting everyone know his plans ahead of time. Why? Got to make sure the terrorists and the people responsible can escape.And, of course, locking us in an endless, you know, cat and mouse game with the Houthi rebels. That could be because his administration is more focused on fighting, you know, global warming than actually take it on our enemies. Take a look at what Vice President Kamala Harris had to say the other day. She seems --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: For years, the former president has stoked the fires of hate and bigotry and racism and xenophobia for his own power and political gain.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Maybe she wants to remember what she said about her own boss, just in case she forgot, we didn't. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRIS: When Vice President Biden was in the United States Senate working with segregationists to oppose busing had I been in the United States Senate at that time, I would have been completely on the other side of the aisle.And it was not only that but you also worked with them to oppose busing, and you know there was a little girl in California who was part of the second class to integrate her public schools and she was bused to school every day, and that little girl was me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich.Yeah, that was Joe partnering with the former Klansman Robert Byrd to stop the integration of public schools. He didn't want them in his words to be racial jungles. But the media, of course, has given him a pass on that and Kamala then became his vice president. Pretty amazing history there.NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look, I think on the left, whatever they have to say, whatever they have to do to keep power, they're going to do. That's a reality. But I have to say, Sean, tonight really for the first time, I'm beginning to think maybe Biden will not be the nominee.And I say that because the rate of his cognitive decline, the number of recent examples where he couldn't remember what he was saying, or he couldn't remember who he was talking to, you could imagine with the weakness at the border, the weakness that we just hear a report about from Portland with drugs, the weakness in Iran, the weakness in Ukraine, at some point, there may be a genuine rebellion in the Democratic Party that says we can't put this guy up this fall, because it'll be hopeless.The NBC News report, the poll they did, was devastating. Almost a day later, CNN had a similar poll.It's very clear that Biden right now is drifting into Jimmy Carter territory where people just think, he's not competent. It ain't working and in their personal lives, they think that he is causing them enormous problems.HANNITY: Okay. Well, when you lose as a Democratic presidential incumbent, the likes of David Axelrod, Van Jones. James Carville, and Maureen Dowd, they're pretty prominent voices in Democratic circles. When you lose all four of them, that probably is the canary in the coal mine that you are going to be right.If you are right, who replaces him and when? Do they do it at the convention? A lot of people are speculating Michelle Obama, I personally don't see it but it's obviously a possibility. Who replaces him?GINGRICH: Well, look I mean I think the biggest argument in favor of his survival is your question. You know, Kamala Harris could make the argument that she should be the replacement and in the left wing of the Democratic party that would be fine. The rest of the country would recoil in horror and she would lose in a landslide. You know, you could have the governor of California who you've had on with a debate with Ron DeSantis. You could have the governor of Michigan or Pennsylvania.You could have -- I think it's very hard to imagine Michelle Obama, but I have some close friends who are very smart who are absolutely convinced that she's going to be the replacement because she Trumps Kamala Harris and being a Black woman on a national ticket.So, my I think part one is, how did do you talk Dr. Jill and President Biden into agreeing to go back to Delaware to bicycle the rest of their lives when they've got all this stuff? Part two is, does it get bad enough that the average delegate says you know we just can't do this to the country? I mean, not just about winning an election, you want four more years of this rate of decay, of this rate of not knowing what you're doing.And then as you point out, the other real problem which is historic is the Middle East is a mess and it's getting worse. Ukraine is a mess and it's getting worse, and there's no indication at all that Joe Biden has the capacity to help the United States get through this difficult period.So I would not have said until tonight. It just hit me as it it's all coming in and it made me realize that we really have to think about the possibility that it may just collapse -- but the plausibility and I think that's where the NBC poll and the follow on CNN poll are a real warning to the Democrats. Remember also in the NBC poll, the Republicans are now ahead by a significant margin in which party, do you want to have run the Congress?So if you're a Democratic operative, you're looking at a catastrophe at least comparable to 1980 with Ronald Reagan, and you're to think, you know, what do we do to avoid this? And the answer can't involve Joe Biden.HANNITY: I think you may be proven right. I saw a image this weekend of him going up like three or four stairs and it was like you had to hold them with all your strength. It's -- it was not a pretty sight.Speaker Gingrich, good to see you. Thank you.When we come back, shocking polls for Biden trailing Trump among key demographics. Laura Trump, she'll weigh in. Apparently, she's in charge of the whole South Carolina primary. That's what I've been told, just a rumor, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Joe Biden's re-election campaign continues to be an utter disaster. Now, key Democratic demographics from 2020, they are now souring on the president. "USA Today" poll finding that Biden support among African-Americans now down 24 percent, just since 2020, instead of blaming the president and his bad policies, Democrats they're just blaming disinformation.But it's not just African-American voters that are turning on Biden. Biden is now down 39 points, percentage points among Hispanic Americans since 2020. Trump now taking the lead among that demographic. Trump is up 4 percent among voters under 25, another group that Biden won by a big margin in 2020.Joining us now the host of "The Right View" podcast, Lara Trump is with us.Look, if these numbers -- if half of them hold, if a quarter of them hold, he wins reelection hands down. What has happened? Why are -- why is he losing the base of his party, Biden?LARA TRUMP, PODCAST HOST: Well, I mean, Sean, take a look around. Every single person in this country has felt the negative impact of Joe Biden's presidency and, look, especially, you know, you referenced initially Black Americans. That is a key voting block that the Democrats rely on to win re- election for Joe Biden. Without that voting bloc, they really have a big problem.And think back to Joe Biden in 2020. He told Black Americans if they didn't vote for him, then they weren't Black, typical identity politics, typical racist behavior of the Democrat Party.And then what did Joe Biden do? He made life harder for everyone, including and especially a lot of these low income communities around America. You contrast that with Donald Trump. Think back to what Donald Trump did. He went in those places and he created opportunity zones, Sean, so that these people could get a leg up so that communities that had been left behind could actually have hope of a brighter future.You saw the lowest Black unemployment under Donald Trump, ever in the United States history. And then, of course, you had the 1994 Clinton crime bill. Joe Biden, by the way, sponsored that. That disproportionately locked up young Black men for decades in America.Who was it? Donald Trump who reversed that with the First Step Act. So people remember especially in this community I think right now, the differences between Donald Trump being in office and Joe Biden, but it doesn't matter the color of your skin right now, Sean. Everyone is suffering under a Biden presidency, and I guess the Democrats are hoping and banking on the idea that more people hate Donald Trump than hate their current quality of life.People are smart. They're waking up. They're seeing the truth. They know that life was better under Donald Trump.HANNITY: You know, by the way, there is a rumor circulating that you alone are in charge of the entire South Carolina campaign. I don't know if there's any truth to that, but, you know, a little birdie told me that you were going to be in charge.We had on Kristi Noem earlier. Her name got mentioned. Tim Scott's name got mentioned for possible VP choices. If your father-in-law comes to you and says, Lara, what do you think? Who do you who do you recommend?L. TRUMP: Well, I want someone who was an America First patriot. I think we need to make sure we have someone with the same kind of love for this country that my father-in-law has, because let's face it we're going to get four more years of Donald Trump, ladies and gentlemen. I will make sure of that, certainly in South Carolina, certainly in my home state of North Carolina but then we need someone to carry the mantle on for the next eight years in this country.So whoever, it is, I can tell you, Sean, he is going to make the best pick. He knows who that person is and I trust him to make that decision.HANNITY: What do you make of that one NBC poll says, okay, if you're -- if the former president is convicted, then he goes from a five-point lead to a two-point deficit? I'm not sure any of these cases ultimately are going to be tried this year, with all the pre-trial motions being filed here there and everywhere. You know, the D.C. cases, a case in point, what's happening in Georgia with Fani Willis, another case.At what point does it become election interference if they're trying a top candidate of a top political party?L. TRUMP: Oh, it's been election interference since the very beginning, Sean. That's what this is all about. Look, these people are using the least democratic means possible to try and rig an election. And whether you're looking at it from all of the indictments that you're referencing or you look at the fact they're trying to take him off the ballot in certain states, let the people of this country decide. They will make that decision. It should not be decided via the judicial system or any other means.It is we the people who decide and if you let us vote, Donald Trump will be the 47th president of the United States.HANNITY: I love the main talking point of Democrats. This is democracy in peril as they try to get somebody's name off a ballot to prevent the American people for even voting having the chance to vote for somebody.All right. Lara Trump, great to see you.L. TRUMP: Yeah.HANNITY: Congrats on your podcast success.When we come back an incredible performance, I can't believe I'm saying these words at the Grammys last night. It got praise from both sides of the aisle and some people think it'll think it'll bring about world peace, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Al right. Time for our video of the day.Lot of people seem to think this would bring about world peace. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(TRACY CHAPMAN AND LUKE COMBS SINGING "FAST CAR")(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Luke Combs and Tracy Chapman, great song, great job. I'm shocked.That's all the time we have left. Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face.