(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): Is there any one of you willing to say now that you support this bill?Mr. Chairman, let the record reflect a yawning silence from the leaders of the social media platforms.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): You have blood on your hands. You have a product...(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)GRAHAM: You have a product that's killing people.SEN. SHELDON WHITEHOUSE (D-RI): Your platforms really suck at policing themselves.SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R- LA): Does your user agreement still suck?MARK ZUCKERBERG, CEO, META: I'm not sure how to answer that, Senator.(CROSSTALK)JASON CITRON, CEO, DISCORD: If they're in a situation talking with someone that may be inappropriate, so they can report that to us, that user, so we...SEN. RICHARD DURBIN (D-IL): Mr. Citron, if that were working, we wouldn't be here.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Would you like now to apologize to the victims who have been harmed by your product?Show them the pictures.(APPLAUSE)ZUCKERBERG: I'm sorry for everything you have all been through. No one should have to go through the things that your families have suffered.(END VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: High-tech CEOs under fire, and that is an understatement, as billionaire Jeff (sic) Zuckerberg makes an unprecedented apology to the parents whose children have been armed or exploited online. Is it enough?Senate Judiciary Committee member John Kennedy is coming up in a moment.First, this. Now we know not when and where we respond to last week's deadly attack on U.S. soldiers, but who we're responding to. It's a group the White House identifies as the Islamic Resistance in Iraq. It's an umbrella organization known to have ties to Iran, which might explain Iran now threatening us if it's attacked at all.Retired Navy SEAL and House intelligence member Dan Crenshaw says that Iran is hardly in a position to be threatening anyone. He's here.And "Your World" is now.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto.And first to Rich Edson at the Pentagon what we know and so far what we do not know -- Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Neil.Well, officials are specifically saying it is that umbrella group, the Islamic Resistance in Iraq, that is responsible for launching that drone attack over the weekend that killed three U.S. soldiers. But as you mentioned, it is an umbrella group. It's made up of a number of different Iran-backed militias, and it's still unclear specifically which one fired the drone and from where.There have been at least four militia attacks on U.S. assets in Iraq and Syria since this weekend's deadly attack. That's on top of continued attacks in the region from the Iran-backed Houthis in Yemen. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin is meeting here at the Pentagon with his British counterpart, Defense Minister Grant Shapps, who says both countries are working to counter the Houthis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GRANT SHAPPS, BRITISH DEFENSE MINISTER: Iranian-backed Houthis causing such discomfort to international shipping and illegally acting like pirates and thugs.(END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON: The Houthis claimed they hit an American commercial ship in the Red Sea. A U.S. defense official denied that.Separately, officials say the USS Carney guided missile destroyer successfully shot down several projectiles that the Houthis launched into the Gulf of Aden. U.S. Central Command says this afternoon it destroyed a Houthi surface-to-air missile in Yemen that officials say was prepared to launch and presented an imminent threat to U.S. aircraft operating in the region.And as for any U.S. retaliation for the death of three soldiers, Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps says if the U.S. threatens Iran, it will respond.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAJ. GEN. HOSSEIN SALAMI, IRANIAN REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS (through translator): You know that we do not leave any threats unanswered. While we are not looking for war, we are not afraid of war, and we do not run away from it.(END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON: But the timing, the target, and the scope of any U.S. response are all still unclear, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Rich, thank you very, very much.A quick reference to something I mistakenly said at the start of our cold open here. That was, of course, Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook-Meta fame, not Jeff Zuckerberg. My apologies.Now back to this story and the defense dealing and the threats, and the White House continuing to try to avoid a wider conflict. That might prove easier said than done.Jacqui Heinrich has more from the White House -- Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Neil, just because the U.S. response has not happened yet does not mean it isn't coming soon.But even President Biden has questioned if whatever he has in store will be strong enough to deter future threats. And Iran's military chief, as Rich Edson just mentioned, is saying pretty much, bring it on.Here's that quote: "You know we do not leave any threats unanswered. While we are not looking for war, we are not afraid of war, and we do not run away from it."Now, we don't know anything about the timing of this U.S. response, but the Biden administration has been reticent to do anything that could be considered escalatory. In all of their messaging, they have appeared to rule out strikes inside Iran, but they say whatever is coming will likely come in phases.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, NSC COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: We will respond on our own time, on our own schedule, and we will do that. And I would also caution you not to not to think that the first thing you see -- you talked about publicly seeing -- not the first thing you see won't be the last.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: Now, Republicans have broadly pushed for Biden to strike high- value Iranian targets, whether they're inside Iran or not.There is, though, a growing push to ramp up economic sanctions. House Republicans passed a bill that would put secondary sanctions on Chinese buyers of Iranian oil, on oil refineries, and on shipping companies to try to dry up revenue that ends up funding terrorist activity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): They absolutely are, going from $4 billion and foreign currency reserves under President Trump to now $70 billion, selling $30 billion a year in oil, mainly to China, that's where we need to see the administration reverse course.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: No word from the White House, though, on whether that is under consideration. They had nothing to read out the last time that question was asked, Neil.CAVUTO: They are still sticking to this idea, whatever the response eventually is, it's in phases, by that, over a period of time, I would imagine.HEINRICH: That's what we have heard.CAVUTO: Yes.HEINRICH: Now, we don't know what a period of time means. It could mean over hours, days, weeks. They have been very careful not to telegraph any punches, but the sort of message that they want to get out there and sunk into all of our minds, at least, is that whatever you see happen will not be the end of it.And so before you pass any judgment on whether it was strong enough, I guess, wait and watch -- Neil.CAVUTO: I got it.All right, Jacqui, thank you for that.With us now, Congressman Dan Crenshaw of Texas, former Navy SEAL, decorated veteran, made a lot of sacrifices for this country.Congressman, very good to see you.This back-and-forth on what our challenge will be to Iran, we have identified the group with clear ties to Iran. First of all, do you agree with that tie? Do you agree that this is likely the group? Yes,REP. DAN CRENSHAW (R-TX): Yes, look, Iran funds and equips, trains all of these groups.The IRGC, the Quds Force, their specialty is surrogate warfare. They have been very good at this for decades. It's worth noting, like, that drone was not made by militias. There's no drone factory that militias run. It's an Iranian-made drone. And then the militias didn't steal it from Iran either. Iran gave it to them for the purpose of using against their enemies, which is us.So, of course, Iran is directly responsible. Now look, there's a list of options. And I don't have that list of options, right? That's a list that the DOD gives the president. And that list comes with it certain risks, depending on which one you choose, right, certain escalatory risks.And that's up to the president to choose which ones are acceptable. If you're asking me what my opinion is without actually having the list, and even if I did have the list, I couldn't say it out loud, my goal would be to hit them at a point that makes you just slightly uncomfortable, because that makes them very, very uncomfortable.And you have to send a message of deterrence. People need to remember deterrence equals peace. That's what deterrence actually means. You can say peace through strength. It's a popular slogan to say. But then people get really squeamish when it comes to the actual strength part. See, that's the hard part.And you have to speak with strength and you have to act with strength. And so that's what I expect to see from the Biden administration if they're going to prevent any more U.S. casualties.CAVUTO: So, Congressman, if by deterrence, our goal is to make Iran think twice about any actions, even through its proxies against the United States, wouldn't that be most effective hitting Iran in Iran?Or are there other ways to do that?CRENSHAW: It could be. Again, there's literally 1,000 options that could be listed.CAVUTO: Right.CRENSHAW: It is not out of the question to hit inside of Iran. Like, you hear some people clutch their pearls and say, well, you're going to start World War III.That's not necessarily true. The World War III doomsdayers have always been wrong. They were wrong about Russia. They have been wrong about the Cold War. They have been wrong about this too. They were wrong about Soleimani when that strike happened. They thought that would start a war.Look, we are the more powerful entity in this equation. Iran is a half-rate power. They can talk tough. They put out tough statements. They always have done this. There's nothing new under the sun here. They still know behind closed doors what our capabilities are. And what they need to know, and needs to be more obvious to them, is that we're willing to use those capabilities if they continue to take these kind of actions.They have had 165 attacks on us since October. But now we have three dead U.S. service members. The game has changed. And so our retaliation needs to change. And that escalation dominance needs to be reestablished against Iran.CAVUTO: You know, Congressman, besides this Islamic Resistance in Iraq, this group, the latest that we fingered, they're obviously continuing Houthi rebel attacks. There was another one just in the last 24 hours.So there are a lot of groups all with ties, financial and otherwise, to Iran. How do we start separating what could be like a hornet's nest of these groups?CRENSHAW: I'm not sure what you mean by separate them, but, I mean, we can...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: I mean, do you attack them all at once, in other words, do you go after all of them. What do you do?CRENSHAW: Not necessarily.We have a lot of tools in our toolkit. We have a lot of ways to collect intelligence on these groups. We have our forward-deployed forces. That's who was attacked in Jordan, for instance. But the reason we have forward- deployed forces in Iraq and Syria and Jordan, our allied countries, is so we have eyes and ears on the ground.We have a variety of tools with which to hit them. And it's -- I'm not at the tactical level here. But if I were, I'd be assessing, OK, who is the right person to attack or what is the right location to attack? Maybe it's the place that they're storing some of these drones that Iran gave them. Maybe it's an actual production facility in Iran. Would that spark a war? I'm not so sure it would.But I want Iran to think that we're capable of doing that, because I need them to think twice about retaliating. And there's already some indication that they do think twice, right? The Kataib Hezbollah came out and said that Iran had nothing to do with this, it was all...(CROSSTALK)CRENSHAW: ... and we're not going to do any more attacks.CAVUTO: Right. Right.CRENSHAW: That was really interesting. To me, that's -- this is my opinion. It signaled that the ayatollah gave them a call and said, hey, this has gone too far. You might cause us some real problems here because the Americans are serious now.CAVUTO: Congressman, while I still have you here, there's a separate move afoot on the part of many in your party to try to impeach Homeland Security Secretary Mayorkas. It might be a Republican-only vote if even the votes are in that House committee, let alone the House itself.What do you think of all of this?CRENSHAW: Look, I think we're desperate for some action, right? I think that's what this is about.I think what really needs to happen is we need to win elections and we need to get border policy changes done. That gets to another question about the ongoing negotiations in the Senate that we have yet to see. But, look, I will vote for impeachment because this administration, whether you want to blame it on Mayorkas or whether you want to blame the White House, this administration has deliberately violated its oath of office by refusing to execute the laws of the land.And I would point specifically to the paroling authorities that they have. I think they have abused those wildly. And so just for that, you might have grounds for impeachment.CAVUTO: All right, we will watch very closely.Congressman, thank you again and for your service to this country.Dan Crenshaw of Texas.In the meantime here, you might notice a lot of minus signs today when you look at the market averages, all three down, again, on disappointment over the Federal Reserve, not so much its expected move not to move on interest rates. It kept the overnight bank lending rate right where it's been for the better part of a third of the year right now.But it's not telegraphing any imminent cut in interest rates, which had a lot of people thinking, who knows, maybe those cuts are way off in the year and not as soon as March. That had been an early betting or something that they thought could happen sooner than later. The Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, making it clear cuts might be coming, but if you're expecting them in March, forget about it.Now, seeing as he's not of Italian descent, he did not say, forget about it. But he sent a clear signal that it's not going to happen any time soon. And the markets responded, huffing and puffing and selling en masse. And we saw the Nasdaq, very sensitive to interest rate moves, sliding about 3 percent on the day, big percentage losses in the Dow and the S&P 500.All are still up appreciably, certainly from where they were last year, even money and slightly better early this year, but on the final trading day of the month, not a good end with that in sight.In the meantime here, the big fuss, with Mark Zuckerberg making an apology to the parents of those who fell in harm's way because of social media.And our very own Aishah Hasnie was in the middle of that to get answers for herself -- Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil, that's right.Mark Zuckerberg making a stunning display of emotion in the middle of this jam-packed hearing, apologizing to those parents in that hearing room. But was it enough to convince those parents and those senators to leave him and other social media execs alone?I will tell you straight ahead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Mark, do you take any blame for these kids who are dead? Mark, do you take any blame? Do you apologize to these families for these kids that are dead?(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, at the biggest names on the Internet and social media on Capitol Hill today, in the hot seat, really, when it came to children's online safety and particularly addressing the parents of those who lost kids, because that was compromised.Aishah Hasnie is more from Capitol Hill -- Aishah.HASNIE: Hey, Neil.Well, that was a very interesting dynamic I haven't seen to that extent, where we had dozens upon dozens of parents, grieving parents, holding pictures of their loved ones sitting in the hearing room and sort of audibly reacting to everything that these CEOs were saying.And it really didn't go well for these executives. They were ready to get out of there at the end. And as Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of Meta, was racing out of the building, I got to ask him, does he feel like he takes any blame for the deaths of so many of these children? Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Mark, do you take any blame for these kids who are dead? Mark, do you take any blame?(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, Neil, I asked him that question because he actually stood up today and apologized to these parents at the behest of Senator Josh Hawley.It was the most dramatic moment of the day, but he really didn't apologize for causing them any harm. He apologized for what they had experienced. And that's important, because these senators, they want to pass legislation that would allow families to sue these social media companies, take them to court, because they're simply just fed up.In fact, they're putting each of these CEOs on the spot today, asking them if they will support any of the dozens of bipartisan bills ready to rein in big tech. Watch how that went.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COONS: Is there any one of you willing to say now that you support this bill?Mr. Chairman, let the record reflect a yawning silence from the leaders of the social media platforms.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, really, really interesting to see just how much bipartisan fury there was, every single senator on the same page in lockstep.Now all eyes are on Leader Schumer. Is he going to bring something to the floor for a vote? Finally, do we get some regulation for social media? And some of these sites might be looking at this and thinking, I'm not going to hold my breath. They're not going to do anything to us -- Neil.CAVUTO: Aishah, I caught the fact that Mark Zuckerberg was the only one asked to apologize. There might have been others. I didn't follow it minute by minute like you did.HASNIE: Yes.CAVUTO: But he was the central figure here, the TikTok CEO maybe as well. But the focus seemed to be on him.HASNIE: It was. He absolutely -- he's been here before several times.CAVUTO: Right.HASNIE: In fact, I believe that he came voluntarily. I think there were three others that had to be subpoenaed to bring them to the Hill. He actually came on his own accord.And he came with a bunch of solutions, tools. I have been talking with the Meta staff about all these different things that they have put in place in the last year. And he was excited to come in and tell these lawmakers about all the things that they have -- all the changes they have made to rein in privacy and security.And these senators simply just did not want to hear it. They felt like they have gone through this over and over again year after year, and it doesn't get fixed. Kids are still dying. And they think that it's time now for Congress to step in and regulate and regulate in a way that these CEOs do not want to see.CAVUTO: I thought that was a fascinating line of questioning on your part. There's a big difference apologizing and taking the blame for it.HASNIE: Yes.CAVUTO: A huge legal difference there.HASNIE: Yes.CAVUTO: So, great job, as always, Aishah.Aishah Hasnie in Washington.These questions came up, by the way, with a number of senators, not the least of which was Senator John Kennedy, who put it much more directly and forcefully. He's coming up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): If you think that Instagram is not hurting millions of our young people, particularly young teens, particularly young women, you shouldn't be driving.It is.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: The Biden White House is right to say the at least inflation increase is easing, but what hits most Americans are everyday purchases, like some who go to McDonald's in Connecticut and pay $7 for an Egg McMuffin, $6 for hash browns.Ouch.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ZUCKERBERG: If you're putting something out there to be shared publicly or with a private set of people, it's -- you're inherently putting it out there. So I think people get that basic part of how the service works.KENNEDY: But, Mr. Zuckerberg, you're in the foothills of creepy. You track people who aren't even Facebook users.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: I don't believe I have ever heard that kind of attack line. You're in the foothills of creepy. Just try that next time you see someone you don't really flip over.Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana joins us right now.Senator, good to have you.Well, you got a chuckle over that one, but I understood your point. And with this whole back-and-forth with some of the most successful social media players on the planet, you were trying to get home the fact that what they do has gotten to be very dangerous, and you were in concert with a lot of your Democratic colleagues who agree. So what happens now?KENNEDY: Well, today, Neil, what we heard was mostly a lot of yadda, yadda, yaddaing.There's no question that these social media platforms are in very specific ways harming our children. The CEOs promise to do better. We have heard that before. I think trusting them at this point is like putting a fresh coat of paint on rotten wood.We have bills that if put before the entire Senate will pass, which create legal liability for the platforms when they allow this child sex exploitation. What happens next depends on Chuck Schumer. Chuck has got to put these bills on the floor.And, in the past, he has not -- he's refused to do so. And we can't pass them if we can't vote on them.CAVUTO: So where I find it unusual that both parties are aligned on this idea that they should be illegally accountable. If someone wants to sue them, they should be able to sue them.The only thing that stands out among Republicans, sir, is that normally has not been your posture, and that Republicans are allowing the possibility of these companies in sort of a Big Brother role where the government is watching everything they do.How do you answer that?KENNEDY: I answered by saying that we tried self-regulation. We have been talking about reform and allowing the media companies to reform themselves for years now, and they haven't done it.And when someone acts like they don't care, it's quite often not an act. I don't think they're going to do it until they have legal liability and our bills would create it. But, look, Neil, these are powerful companies. They're not companies. They're countries.And they spend a lot of money to block this legislation. They block this almost every single time. But, if Senator Schumer will put the bill on the floor -- the bills, I should say, they will pass. And I think the House will pass them.CAVUTO: Do you equate someone apologizing for someone with someone taking responsibility for something? So, Mark Zuckerberg famously apologized today, maybe under duress, under pressure from Senator Hawley, but quite clearly when questioned on that issue by Aishah Hasnie, our Aishah Hasnie, he didn't answer on the taking responsibility thing.KENNEDY: Well, your reporter made an excellent point.Look, Mark Zuckerberg is whip-smart, and he's been well-coached by lawyers. And he apologized for what has happened on his platform. But you're correct. He didn't say, it was my fault. And he promised to do better. But, again, we have heard that before. And I don't think they will.CAVUTO: Could I switch gears, sir, and just get your take on this border fight and where it stands?And this -- your colleague Senator Lankford in Oklahoma, he's come under a lot of pressure, even from Donald Trump, we understand. Don't even try this middle ground bipartisan deal, whatever you call it. Let's make this a campaign issue this year. What do you think of that?KENNEDY: I think this is all a lot of debating and bickering in a vacuum.There is no bill. I haven't seen a bill. I have heard parts of it described, but I haven't seen it. I think what you're hearing is a lot of frustration. The people putting this bill together need to land this plane. They need to publish the bill. They need to let the American people look at it and give us a reasonable amount of time to digest it.If I think it's going to help stem the flood of people of humanity at the border, I will vote for it. But, remember, there are other things in this bill as well, helping Taiwan, Ukraine, Israel. They need to land the plane to give us a bill to debate.Right now, everybody's reacting to rumors. Now, we're told repeatedly, we have been told for three months that this bill is going to be great. It's going to be stronger than bear's breath. You just wait. But we haven't seen it. And the time has come. Let's see it.CAVUTO: Now, I know you have led this effort to ban U.S. funding for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, better known as the UNRWA, permanently because of some of their members having a role in the attacks on Israel.KENNEDY: Yes.CAVUTO: Where does this stand now, Senator?KENNEDY: We're going to try to pass the bill.I mean, what we have learned in recent days is, if you took Hamas and turned them upside down and shook them, the United Nations Relief Agency would fall out of Hamas' pocket. They're not -- the relief agency is not working for the Palestinians. They're working for Hamas.It's inexcusable. And it's going to impact the supplemental bill if we ever get to vote on it. It's going to impact the humanitarian aid for Ukraine. I'm not going to be too anxious to send humanitarian aid to Ukraine through the United Nations, now that we know whose side they're on. It's despicable.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Let me ask you real quickly. I'm jumping here, and I don't mean you, but I know it's important to you...KENNEDY: Sure thing.CAVUTO: ... that you have vowed to block the Energy and State nominees being considered for positions because of this pause in liquefied natural gas production, important, obviously, to your state, important to the country.I'm just wondering, though, could you be pulling, with the best of intentions, a Senator Tommy Tuberville here, who blocked military promotions over objections to the Pentagon abortion policy? Could you be going that route?KENNEDY: Well, I could be, but I won't be. I'm going to be very selective in who I block.But the truth is that, in trying to stop exporting of liquefied natural gas, the president is committing energy suicide for America. And he's hurting the environment at the same time. And I think he's doing it, frankly, just to pander to the loon wing of his party.But it's going to do a lot of damage to the world, to America, and to energy independence, and, frankly, to CO2 emissions, because when people don't use natural gas, they use coal, they use cow chips, they use wood, which is much worse than natural gas.CAVUTO: Right.But you could see my point, to a degree, right? I mean, that why should state or Energy Department nominees for positions be sacrificed over this cause, an important cause, I understand where you're coming from. Well, how do you answer that?KENNEDY: Well, I answer that by saying two wrongs don't make a right, but they do make it even.And until the president is willing to back off of this absurd position, I'm going to hold up some of his nominees, not all of them. If somebody's really crucial, I will let them go through. But I'm going to do it.CAVUTO: All right, Senator, thank you very much. Good catching up with you, Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana.In the meantime, want to draw your attention to the corner of Wall and Broad. I told you about the big sell-off. The Federal Reserve did pretty much everything that was expected, didn't move to high interest rates, didn't move to lower interest rates, kept interest rates the same, fourth such meeting in a row, they have opted to do so.But there was disappointment when Jerome Powell started speaking and he said something that freaked them out. I will explain after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, $7 for an an Egg McMuffin? Now, even McDonald's tried to clarify for us, all right, that is one franchisee in Connecticut. It's on a busy turnpike. This is hardly the rule of thumb. But it has sporadically popped up.And my next guest knows that depending on where you go and what time you're going, you can see some of these eye-popping fast-food prices still fast climbing.Scott Martin, the Kingsview Asset Manager CIO, FOX News contributor.Now, Scott, it serves me right, you're not new to this. You went to a Taco Bell and you paid, what, $25, $28 for a standard meal. Maybe you can explain what you went through and why you went to that restaurant to pay that much for some tacos.SCOTT MARTIN, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: I went through a lot of shock, Neil, and we experienced that together because you had explored that lunch with me when I brought it up on your show, in fact, on FBN.CAVUTO: Yes, indeed.MARTIN: So, look, it's what the market was affording at that time, Neil, and it was a couple tacos, a couple burritos. There's the order right there.And it adds up. It was about 28 bucks with a very high Illinois state tax, of course. We can't forget that as far as sales tax, but something that, similar to the Egg McMuffin, you mentioned the location, as I was going to Taco Bell here in downtown Chicago. It's what the market kind of can bear.And so, as you see people increasing their demand for these items, the prices are likely to go up.CAVUTO: You know, what was brilliant about your experience that when you talked about it there, and, again, with tongue in cheek, what I love about you, is you cut to the core what really is on people's minds.It's one thing to hear the administration say, inflation is coming down, it's no longer running at a 9 percent clip, closer to about a 3 percent clip, and you say, well, we're out of the woods. But you pointed out there are some areas where it's quite stubborn, and a lot of basic food groups like the price of Italian sausages, you well know, my Waspy friend, is now double what it was before this started, and it's been a dog to get down.So that's what Americans tend to know, because that's their everyday life. And they -- I'm not saying they see this in all McDonald's. They don't see it in all Taco Bells, but they do see it. And it ticks them off.MARTIN: Yes, and I would add kielbasa and salami to your list, Neil.(LAUGHTER)MARTIN: I will tell you what, stuff that just I can't afford.CAVUTO: I hear you.MARTIN: And things like you said, that Joe Biden goes out there and he talks about the pound of ground beef that he talked about a couple years ago and was surprised how much that was. And you go out there and you buy some fruit and it's very expensive. You buy eggs.And so things that are just everyday items that don't get kind of reflected or don't get talked about, but are felt by the American public, are things that the president needs to be in touch with. And it seems like still to this day he is not. And therefore that's why the message I think is still falling on deaf ears.CAVUTO: You know, if you think about it, McDonald's is making money with a proverbial hand over fist thing. And a lot of the fast-food giants are, because that's where a lot of Americans live, and in this rushed society, that's how we get a lot of our food.You know me. I'm the anti-process as they get. But there are people like -- I know there are people like you out there. It's all arugula all the time. I get it. But that's one thing I think a lot of folks miss, that when they talk about this in academic terms and the facts do indeed support an argument that things are better, in some pockets, they're not getting better.And those are measurable things for people and make a difference between some people ordering one Egg McMuffin versus me maybe ordering eight to go. Your thoughts.MARTIN: And let me add the steak, egg and cheese bagel which is back at some of those franchises, which is a darling sandwich for breakfast.CAVUTO: Don't get me started. I know. I know. That's a mortgage payment right there.MARTIN: These days, it could be.And that's the thing too, Neil. If you're some of those people that are in these areas where you're still fighting that rampant inflation or just at least prices that are higher than they were even, say, a few years ago, you worry about the future as far as your future spending, because it hasn't come down as much as, say, the government or, say, some officials would tell you.And, therefore, you're going to the store and you're seeing some improvement, but not the improvement that everybody's clamoring about. And, therefore, you're worried about what you have got to buy tomorrow.CAVUTO: Could I get your thoughts? Because this is the raging debate with this story. Egg McMuffin or Sausage McMuffin? I'm going to put it out there. I'm a Sausage McMuffin guy. More substance. Your thoughts.MARTIN: More bang for your buck.The Egg McMuffin, though, is the classic.CAVUTO: It is.MARTIN: It kind of started it all. Sausage McMuffin came afterwards.CAVUTO: Yes.MARTIN: But I agree that's a better improvement and something that I usually go to.But I'm telling you man, the steak, egg and cheese bagel that's my go-to these days and something I would treat you to any time you want.CAVUTO: Well, you're far richer than I.Thank you, my friend. You always put a good spin on it.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Scott Martin, Kingsview Asset Management.And I tell you folks, we analyze. I have done this for decades about numbers and stats and why don't people feel them? Because they don't eat numbers. They eat Egg McMuffins and Sausage McMuffins. And that's the problem, not at all of these fast-food joints, but at a good many. And that's why people get angry, hunger cravings, I guess.All right, meantime, some cravings for a deal, any sort of a deal to deal with the border, but they're a long way from that.And doesn't Chad "I Don't Even Touch Fast-Food" Pergram know it -- Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Neil, no border deal yet, but impeachment for Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas could be imminent.That story is imminent -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, here is where the House and the Senate agree on the border crisis. They cannot agree on how to address the border crisis.Chad Pergram has more on Capitol Hill.Hey, Chad.PERGRAM: Neil, good afternoon.Impeachment for Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas and border security are dominating Capitol Hill. Border discussions are iced. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell still wants aid for Ukraine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: How long and how tedious these negotiations are, was that a mistake to marry these two things together?SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): I always thought it would be a challenge. And it has been. But it's time for us to move something, hopefully including a border agreement.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona says bill text is coming -- quote -- "very, very soon."But House Speaker Mike Johnson does not like what he's hearing through the congressional grapevine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Apparently, we're concocting some sort of deal to allow the president to shut down the border after 5,000 people break the law. Why is it 5,000? If you add that up, there'd be a million more illegals into our country every year before we take remedial measures. It's madness.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Some Republicans are defending border negotiators, especially GOP Oklahoma Senator James Lankford. His allies are trying to fight misinformation about the bill.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. THOM TILLIS (R-NC): What I'm not at peace with is all the false narrative out there right now. I think it's a disservice to all the hard work that James Lankford has done.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Now, Johnson says impeachment for Mayorkas hits the floor -- quote -- "expeditiously."Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer sidestepped a question about a possible Senate trial -- Neil.CAVUTO: Chad Pergram in Washington.In the meantime here, well, we know that the UAW, not surprisingly, has gone ahead and said, we will support Joe Biden. But there is the maybe the remotest of remote possibilities that the Teamsters, another pretty big union, could go for one Donald J. Trump?After this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEAN O'BRIEN, GENERAL PRESIDENT, TEAMSTERS: We met with Donald Trump two weeks ago, and we are meeting with our general executive board and rank- and-file members at the Teamsters headquarters on January 31.We have extended the invitation to President Biden. We're talking to the White House now to try and schedule them both on the same day. And we think it's important that we're meeting with all candidates. We have a very diverse membership, 1.3 million members. So we owe it to our members to do our due diligence and make the recommendation what's in the best interest of Teamster members nationwide.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, Sean O'Brien of the Teamsters.They just sat down with Donald Trump. That wrapped up a short time ago.Mark Meredith has been following these fast-moving developments.Mark, will they follow the UAW and end up supporting Joe Biden? Do we know? Any hints?MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Neil, there are definitely some hints if you try to read between the lines here, but they're also hedging their bets, making it clear they're not going to make an announcement any time soon.Good afternoon to you, sir.Former President Trump, he is openly courting big labor, meeting with the Teamsters union today. The group, which backed President Biden's campaign last cycle, could give either candidate a big boost with workers.But Trump today, he was vowing to keep fighting for their vote.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I think we had a very productive meeting. Stranger things have happened. Usually, a Republican wouldn't get that endorsement.For many, many years, they have -- they only do Democrats, but in my case it's different because I have employed thousands of Teamsters and I thought we should come over and pay our respects.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: The Teamsters say they do plan to meet with President Biden soon. However, no date for a sit-down interview has been scheduled yet.The Teamsters say it's also offered to sit down with former Ambassador Nikki Haley. Today, though, following the meeting with the Trump, the Teamsters leader said he knows traditionally the group would be expected to back Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)O'BRIEN: There's no question.There's no question the Biden administration has been great for unions. But, again, sometimes, dialogue helps formulate difference of opinions that will be favorable to unions and positions moving forward. So that's what our goal is.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: So the Teamsters is likely to announce its endorsement after the convention. So we're talking about late summer.And just last week, Neil, the UAW threw its support behind President Biden. Trump told us today he didn't want to handicap the odds of him winning over the Teamsters. And, Neil, it's notable that at least some Teamsters, high- profile Teamster members, didn't want to be in the room today, that they didn't think it was appropriate for the meeting to happen.But, nonetheless, the meeting is over and we will wait for that endorsement -- Neil.CAVUTO: Shawn Fain of the UAW never met with President Trump at all.MEREDITH: Well, and, obviously, the UAW was kind of dangling this endorsement for a little bit for President Biden.CAVUTO: Right.MEREDITH: They have made their decision, but now there's been this great war of words between Trump and the UAW, Neil. They are not happy with each other.CAVUTO: Yes. Well, I endorse you for great coverage. Thank you very much on all of that, my friend, Mark Meredith.MEREDITH: Thanks.CAVUTO: I want to go right now -- Bob Cusack. I'm sorry. I lost my place. Well, here I go again.Bob, I'm sorry about that.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: What do you make of this battle back and forth with union and union support? We forget that sometimes the chiefs might not like the Republican guide, but the Indians sure do.BOB CUSACK, EDITOR IN CHIEF, THE HILL: Yes.CAVUTO: And we saw Ronald Reagan overwhelmingly win the union vote himself in '80 and '84. I think George Bush himself, Sr., was able to get the union vote, but so it's possible.CUSACK: It is. It is possible, Neil.And, listen, and George W. Bush, I remember covering it at the time, was also trying to get the Teamsters endorsement. I think this is smart politics. I think it's a fascinating story that, as you mentioned, that Trump has met with the Teamsters, and the Teamsters is using its leverage.Who do I expect them to endorse? Well, Joe Biden.CAVUTO: Yes.CUSACK: But at the same time, the fact that it's smart politics for Trump too just to be having this conversation. And obviously the Teamsters are going to get something from Biden. We will see what it is.CAVUTO: I'm curious where you see the union vote this go-around. As I said, it's fractured. Sometimes, the chiefs don't always follow the Indians. I get that's always been the case.But it's been a reliably Democratic vote, but less so over the years. What's happening there? It's fraying?CUSACK: Yes, certainly, since Trump came on the political scene.And union bosses are saying, even if they're endorsing Biden, like UAW, that many other members are going to be voting for Trump. So that's the trick there. How do they get the rank-and-file to get behind them, the presidents and the boards and the hierarchies?But, listen, I think this is because Trump has remade the Republican Party, and now it is a lot more amenable. And blue-collar voters and union voters are taking a look, and they're not happy with what they're getting from the other side of the aisle, to some degree, to some degree. Most union people will be supporting Biden.But this also happened a little bit under Obama, where union bosses said back then, yes, some of our members are a little concerned about Obama too.CAVUTO: Yes, and are you taking us for granted? That always comes up. That's been a problem for President Biden with the Latinos and black voters, who he is not winning over the numbers that Democrats in the past, even he has in the past.Let me switch gears to South Carolina, how you see that race going. I haven't seen recent polls. The argument was, this is Nikki Haley's last shot at having a crack at this, and it's an uphill fight. What do you think?CUSACK: It's a very uphill fight.There's been speculation that maybe, if she doesn't get traction in her home state, she'd bow out before then. She's saying she's going to stay at least until Super Tuesday. She has the resources to do it, but at the same time, I don't see much traction. I see Trump continuing on and beating in her home state unless something dramatically changes over the next couple of weeks.CAVUTO: All right, Bob, I apologize for my confusion at the beginning, but here I went again.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Bob is The Hill editor in chief, and he puts up with my horrific impressions of Ronald Reagan.Bob, thank you very much for that.We were mentioning Sean O'Brien of the Teamsters. He will be my special guest tomorrow. Whether that is telegraphing a decision he's made and the union has made in support of one of the presidential candidates, I have no idea, but our special guest returning to talk to us on this show.In the meantime, here comes "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.