SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, a mysterious and lucrative career as an amateur artist now coming into focus with an explosive new report about Hunter Biden and Hunter Biden's art dealer and the big guy himself.Plus, a bombshell development from Hunter's federal gun case involving an illegal white substance found on Hunter Biden's firearm pouch. John Solomon, he'll join us with all the details.Also, Chairman Comer has a very important update tonight on the Hunter Biden congressional subpoena saga.Also, tonight, we'll bring you the very latest from the turmoil in the Middle East, including a troubling news story about two missing Navy SEALs. Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will join us.But, first, the all important Iowa caucuses, they are in the books. It was a huge night for Donald Trump. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT: I really think this is time now for everybody, our country to come together. We want to come together. Whether it's Republican or Democrat or liberal or conservative, it would be so nice if we could come together and straighten out the world and straighten out the problems and straighten out all of the death and destruction that we're witnessing. That's practically never been like this. It's just so important.And I want to make that a very big part of our message. We're going to come together. It's going to happen soon, too, going to happen soon.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: The 45th president won the state with a historic 30-margin, getting most votes of 98 out of 99 Iowa counties. The previous record of a win was set by Bob Dole in 1988. He who won by just shy of 13 points. And as you just heard during his victory speech, Donald Trump struck what was a unifying tone.But, apparently, according to part-time make-believe journalists and full- time left-wing hate Trump conspiracy theorist like radical Rachel Maddow, well, Trump's speech was too dangerous for the fragile ears of NBC's loyal viewers. They didn't take any of the speech live. Instead, no, Ms. Maddow was lecturing Americans about truth and integrity. This is a joke, right?Serious question, does Maddow not have any self-awareness at all? No one in the media mob has peddled more lies, more conspiracy theories than Rachel Maddow every night for about five solid years, and it still goes on to this day. Maddow proudly donned that tinfoil hat and spread some of the most insane, craziest conspiracy theories that we've ever heard.Now, she denied the legitimacy of the 2016 election, an election denier, anyway telling her viewers that it was hacked by Vladimir Putin. She also suggested that Russia was in charge of our federal government and that Donald Trump was a Russian agent. Quote, the worst case scenario that the president is a foreign agent suddenly feels very palpable. Night after night, Maddow and others pushing insane fake stories about Alfa Bank, the dirty dossier and a million other far-fetched Russia-related conspiracy theories.By the way, never apologized, never attempted to correct the record. There are multiple articles dedicated to Maddow's descent into the deep end. Here's one from "Politico" titled: Rachel Maddow's deep delusion and here's "The Guardian", quote, will Rachel Maddow face a reckoning over her Trump Russia coverage? Well, apparently not, because last night she anchored MSDNC's coverage of the Republican Iowa caucuses. Journalism that is a joke at this is NBC News. It's a joke.Of course, the same is true over at fake news CNN. For example, here's fake Jake Tapper cutting off Trump's victory speech in order that he could cope and see at the same time. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT: We have an invasion of millions and millions of people that are coming into our country.. I can't imagine why they think that's a good thing.JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Donald Trump declaring victory with a historically strong showing in the Iowa caucuses if these numbers hold, the biggest victory for a non-incumbent president in the modern era for this contest, a relatively subdued speech as these things go so far, although here he is right now under -- under my voice, you hear him repeating his anti- immigrant rhetoric.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Anti-immigrant. Maybe you can call it pro-legal immigration rhetoric. Just a thought.Instead of playing Trump's full remarks so their viewers can decide themselves -- well, fake Jake Tapper decided it was more important to trash Trump's speech in real time.Now, let me just -- let me inform anybody that may accidentally pop on to fake news CNN. Jake Tapper is not a journalist. He's a political hack. He's a Democratic operative. He's living a lie. He just needs to be honest about who he is.Jake, it's clear you have a deep-seated left-wing bias and supreme hatred for all things Donald Trump. Just tell the truth about who you are. You are a left-wing radical talk show host. You're not a journalist as you claim, and that's why we very accurately refer to you as fake Jake.Of course, self-described journalists like Tapper and Maddow don't just hate Donald Trump, they frankly hate everyone who supports him. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump is in some ways become religion for a certain section of the American electorate and especially for evangelicals, that it's not about the virtue anymore, it's about the vice that Trump expresses. And I think you see that playing out in Iowa where the evangelical vote is key. It is central to what is going to unfold tonight and it is very much a group of people that that find that Trump is in some ways a second coming.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: These are white Christians, that this is a state that is over represent -- overrepresented by white Christians that are going to participate in these caucuses especially tonight.MADDOW: Regardless of whether or not they have any link to any church, it's -- I am not a Catholic, I am not a Jew and I am right-wing and willing to get rid of democracy. That's what evangelical means in real political.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Eighty percent of the Republican primary voters agree with this racially charged comment coming from Donald Trump, that immigrants coming here are illegally, quote, poisoning the blood of this country. That's so unsettling.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": They voted for a guy who said, come risk your lives for the grand wizard. Come in the snow and the sleep because I am more important than your life. That's who the 5 percent voted for.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Actually, I was laughing when he said that. Here's a simple truth, and it's one you already know. The media mob -- they hate all of you, by the way, yours truly included. They hate everything about Americans that don't share their radical leftist worldview. They think that they're smarter than everyone else.Well, guess what? They're not. They don't care if Joe Biden's policies are hurting millions of Americans, 60 percent of Americans now living paycheck to paycheck. Many people have to use a credit card for bare necessities. They don't care about what's happening at our border. You know, people coming from Iran and Afghanistan, Syria, Egypt, you know, Russia, China. They don't seem to care about inflation, homelessness, crime or the violence that's overseas.But they're deeply concerned that Biden's poor performance and obvious cognitive decline and mental incompetence will lead to a second Trump term. In fact, so-called journalists and Democrats -- well, in the country, they are now in a full-fledged panic mode.Former 2020 Biden campaign aid Simon -- I'm sorry, Symone Sanders just ripped Bidenomics and is now begging the campaign to let it go. The focus should be on something else.Meanwhile, former Obama adviser David Axelrod, not a dumb guy, is once again warning the Democratic Party about a formidable Trump campaign.Make no mistake, anything can happen between now and November, nobody could predict with certainty how this is going to end. But Joe Biden has never looked worse, Donald Trump frankly has never looked better. And this week, a big new endorsement. Let's take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'll tell you, the people of Iowa spoke loud and clear last night, and I'm a big believer that we the people create a government that is accountable to us, not the other way around, that we the people choose who leads this country. And so, we heard we the people last night and that is why last evening, I met my friend here. We met in person, and I told him that I would endorse Donald J. Trump for president of the United States.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here now with reaction, "Outnumbered" co-host Kayleigh McEnany, and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee.Kayleigh, let's get your thoughts on last night and the media mob, the biggest campaign contributors to all things Joe Biden and all things Democratic Party -- will it be effective?KAYLEIGH MCENANY, CO-HOST OF "OUTNUMBERED": You know, time will tell. I think not though, and here is why -- Donald Trump last night, he did not just make history, all he needed to do that was a 12.8 percent margin, he crushed history. I mean, he beat his nearest competitor by 30 points, winning as you point out 98 out 99 counties, losing by one vote, the one county just one singular vote. It was by all accounts historic.Now, the media for their part, they don't learn their lesson. I mean, Sean, it's like 2016 on repeat where the number one issue is immigration. We saw that last night, where the media just doesn't deride Trump, they deride his supporters.You remember that the Neanderthal thinking line from Biden recently, back in 2016, you had Hillary Clinton, basket of deplorables, you had Don Lemon on his show laughing at the rubes who can't find countries on a map. They haven't learned their lesson. They continue to demean his supporters.But why I say it remains to be seen as this -- I am worried that the media has a plan and we saw it play out last night to just censor this man. Jake Tapper, what a shameful moment from a so-called journalist as you exposed him he is not, to cut off Donald Trump and say you can hear him under my voice saying anti-immigrant things. He was not -- let the people hear the man state, the leader of the Republican Party.HANNITY: That's journalism. That to him is a fact. He thinks he's a journalist.You know what he is? He's a talk show host. I'm a talk show host.I practice journalism, that's part of my job. I do investigative reporting. I give opinion. We talk about culture and sports. I'm like an entire newspaper. But they say their journalist, that's the distinction.Governor Huckabee, let's get your reaction. You're somebody that won the Iowa caucus. Nobody's ever won by a margin anywhere near this, the closest Bob Dole in 88 with 13 percent. Trump wins by 30. How do you analyze that?MIKE HUCKABEE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: What you do is you just stand back and just live in the awe of the moment. It was an incredible victory for Donald Trump, and it exceeded all the things that the press thought could happen.It was a tough night for Ron DeSantis. He put all of his effort, all of his money in Iowa, believing that he could win there, or certainly come very close.He didn't either. It's going to be a tough battle for him ahead. But tough for Nikki Haley.Here's the thing that I couldn't help. When you were playing those clips and these people were just pulling their hair out because Donald Trump had won, and they wanted to make sure nobody could hear, I'm glad I had a moment to compose myself because I was laughing so hard thinking what a bunch of idiots, and I was thinking about that great theologian Ron White who says you can't fix stupid.And I'm thinking, the one reason that this only helps Donald Trump is because so many of us look at this and say, what are they afraid of? If they thought Donald Trump was really crazy or they thought he was dangerous, they'd want him to speak. They'd let him speak. But they couldn't let him speak because he gave one of the best most sensitive thoughtful gracious speeches in victory that I've ever heard a politician do. They didn't want America to hear that because a whole lot of Americans would have said, I'll vote for that guy, I like what he says and the way he says it.HANNITY: You know what? It's simple. They can't run on Joe's record. It's going to be democracy in peril, it's going to be Donald Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump. It's going to be J6, J6, J6.It's going to be demonizing abortion, and then Republicans are racist, sexist, misogynist and have every phobia ever known to man, whether it's hear it or not. Great analysis.Governor Huckabee, thank you. Kayleigh, good to see you. Thank you as well.As Biden's poll numbers continue to slump -- well, buckle up for what will be as I was just saying one of the most negative campaigns in American history without anything positive for Joe Biden to run on. If you can name something, please text us, email us at the "Hannity" show, we'd love to hear from you.The Biden campaign as I said, democracy in peril. Well, by the way, that's simultaneously trying to kick Republicans off ballots. Little ironic, isn't it? They'll obsess about Donald Trump, Donald Trump. They'll never want to talk about Joe's records.Everything about January 6th except the facts, you know, like the police chief -- Capitol police chief's son, the remarks peacefully, patriotically, march to the Capitol so your voices will be heard, those facts, that narrative, anything that doesn't fit their narrative, they in fact won't tell you about. They will demagogue abortion, and as I said, employed the left wing classic identity politics. That playbook like never before.Right on cue, anti-Trump Fulton County D.A. Fani Willis now blaming the serious misconduct allegations against her on racism.Anyway, here to respond to all of this, Texas Senator Ted Cruz.By the way, another person that actually, you beat Donald Trump in 2016, in Iowa -- at the Iowa caucuses, and you ran a very tough campaign against him.Your thoughts about last night?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, Sean, it's great to be with you.Listen, last night was decisive. It was -- it was a dominating victory for Donald Trump.I've got to say there's no place like the Iowa caucuses. I know it intimately. The men and women of Iowa, they take the responsibility incredibly seriously. They scrutinize the candidates.It's an amazing process and I'm a big believer in letting democracy play out. Well, last night, it played out and I've got to say, Trump's victory was across the board. He won 51 percent of the vote. He won 98 of the counties.Congratulations to President Trump on that dominating victory.And at this point, I believe this race is over. So I am proud to endorse Donald Trump for president of the United States. I look forward to supporting him enthusiastically because I think it's time for the Republican Party to unite, for us to come together.We've got to beat Joe Biden. We've got to beat this disastrous cultural Marxists agenda in the White House. We've got to retake the United States Senate. We've got to hold the House.We've got to come together and win. And with the results last night, the people have spoken. It's time to move onward to victory in November.HANNITY: So, you basically think when you look at the map -- there's going to be New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina, Super Tuesday. You know the map as well as anybody.When you look at that map, what do you see?CRUZ: Look, I don't see any path to victory for anyone other than Donald Trump. New Hampshire may be closely contested. We'll see what happens.I think after New Hampshire, it will go to South Carolina. I believe in South Carolina, you're going to see Trump win a dominating victory in South Carolina. And after that, you've got Super Tuesday. I don't see a path for any candidate after that.And I'm a big believer -- we need to let the process play out. It did. And the results last night, 51 percent, 98 counties, that's compelling.And at this point, I think the contrast needs to be on substance and policy and record. You mentioned a minute ago the classic test of any presidential race. Are you better off today than you were four years ago?And I've got to say for just about every person in America, the answer is hell no. Unless you happen to be a big tech millionaire or a Mexican drug lord -- those guys, they ought to vote for Joe Biden because they have done fantastic over the last four years. But if you're anyone else --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: But, Senator, I've got to take issue with you.CRUZ: Yeah.HANNITY: You're obviously not listening to the media mob and you're not listening to Joe and the Vice President Harris and you're not listening to circle back Jen Psaki and Karine Jean-Pierre, and Alejandro Mayorkas.(LAUGHTER)HANNITY: Because they -- they have been telling us the border is close and the border is secure.Those 10 million people that we know have entered this country illegally, many from countries that don't like us, our top geopolitical foes, many with deep ties to terrorists, are showing up that border.But, you know, obviously, it's close and it's secure because that's what they keep saying. Are they lying to us?CRUZ: They are absolutely lying. And I've got to say, I really enjoyed that montage you started your show with of Jake Tapper and Rachel Maddow and all of these leftists crying -- it reminded me of -- I will confess, anytime I'm a little bit -- I'm a little bit down, I like to play Rachel Maddow on Election Day in 2016, and the absolute shock and pain and agony. Schadenfreude is not a pretty instinct.But they are -- look, they hated Trump in 2016. They hate him even more now. They are broken. They are liars.There's a reason -- I agree with what Mike Huckabee said. There's a reason they cut off Trump's speech because they've been actually believed it was as horrible as they said, they would want to play but they don't. Jake Tapper just wants to say anti-immigrant.Listen, I'm the son of an immigrant from Cuba, but there's a right way to come that is legal. And I tell you, my home state of Texas, there's no state in the country that is bearing the brunt of this invasion more than the state of Texas.And Joe Biden and the Democrats, they don't give a damn. They don't care about the dead bodies that are piling up. They don't care about the children who are brutalized, the women who are sexually assaulted, the more than 100,000 people have died of drug overdoses.And I think the American people are fed up with this chaos the border and they recognize that much of the (INAUDIBLE) media is just lying to them.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Senator, let me ask this.CRUZ: Yeah?HANNITY: Well-said. I noticed Chuck Schumer has targeted you, number one.CRUZ: Yes.HANNITY: You will likely be facing -- at the time Beto or Bozo as I called him, O'Rourke, was considered a real candidate, and got a ton of money, over $100 million if I'm not mistaken. I don't know why but every time you run for reelection, you are maybe the second most hated man behind Donald Trump in politics. They really are -- they're gunning for you big time politically speaking.CRUZ: Well, listen, I wear that as a badge of honor but you're right, if you are a left-wing Democrat, after Donald Trump, there's nobody in the country that you want to beat more than me. And Chuck Schumer has made clear I am his number one target in the country. The Democrats are going to spend $100 million this year trying to beat me and trying to flip Texas blue.Now, that ain't going to happen. I've got to say last time I went on your show, the incredible viewers of "Hannity," I encourage folks, go to TedCruz.org. TedCruz.org, TedCruz.org, thousands of people went to TedCruz.org. They made contributions online.It is powerful because we're going to defend Texas, we're going to defend the country and we are going to win the White House and send Joe Biden to Green Acres retirement home.HANNITY: The one thing I can say is you're a solid conservative. You have been your whole life. I wish more Republican senators thought like you and fought like you.Anyway, we appreciate you breaking news about endorsing President Trump. We always like breaking news. Anyway, Senator, thank you.When we come back, shocking new reports related to Joe and Hunter Biden tonight. Wait until you hear this whole story. The special counsel just revealed in a court filing, Hunter's gun pouch, you know, the one -- the gun that was found in the dumpster, it had cocaine residue. Maybe they want to reopen that White House cocaine issue.John Solomon and Chairman Comer straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. In 2020, just as his father became the Democratic nominee for president -- well, Hunter Biden embarked on a strange and mysterious new career as an artist. We call it affectionately portraits of a crack addict, but oddly enough, shortly after Biden was sworn in, Hunter's career took off, despite very serious ethics concerns. Now, the White House, they told us over and over again that Hunter would never know who bought his work, just like Joe never once talked to his son, brother or anybody for that matter uh about their foreign business deals. That was a lie, too.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: It seems to suggest a departure from the White House broker agreement where the purchasers would be anonymous. I was hoping you could say if the White House knows who purchased the five prints and whether there is indeed a departure to the arrangement that there would be an anonymity here.JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I know this is your favorite topic, but it again, it still is the purview of the gallerist. We still do not know and will not know who purchases any paintings, and the president remains proud of his son.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Jen may want to circle back on that because according to Hunter's art deal the exact opposite was true based on a transcript of his interview with House Oversight Committee. We'll be joined by James Comer in a minute, also obtained by justthenews.com.Hunter specifically wanted to know exactly who was buying the paintings. Quote: I was required to disclose who the buyers were. Gallery owner also said that none of the other artists that he represents have asked to know the identity of their viewers, but Hunter Just had to know.Now, this is the same your gallery that apparently attended our wedding at the White House for Hunter's daughter and got a personal phone call from the big guy, Joey, himself.Meanwhile, Hunter's legal woes are only mounting. In the recent court filing, the Department of Justice now says that while the FBI was collecting evidence for the gun case against Hunter when they found cocaine residue inside his leather gun pouch. Maybe revisit the cocaine in the White House.Anyway, keep in mind, the gun has been held as evidence since 2018, back when Hunter swore on gun purchased for him he was not instructed to drugs.Here with the full report, editor in chief, founder, justthenews.com, investigative reporter John Solomon. We've got a lot of news to get to tonight. Let's start there.JOHN SOLOMON, JUSTTHENEWS.COM: Yeah. Well, listen, let's start with the president because at the end of the day, the impeachment inquiry that Chairman Comer, Chairman Jordan are running is really about the president's conduct.And we were told in 2021, as you showed just a few seconds ago, don't worry about these art sales thing, we got it covered. There's an ethics deal. Everything's blinded. The Bidens and Hunter don't know who's buying his paintings. It's an arms length transaction.And now we find out every aspect of that statement was inaccurate. Hunter Biden insisted he be -- told in the first contract who was buying his art, that normally wasn't the practice of this gallery. They did it anyways because it was required by contract and Joe Biden himself -- listen, remember when Devon Archer said, oh, Joe Biden was meeting with the clients and the White House really attacked him -- well, here's another fresh example. Since he became president, Joe Biden made a phone call and spent some time visiting with the art -- the gallery artist who -- or the gallery owner who helped Hunter Biden score $1.6 million in sales. Almost all of those sales or a good portion of them according to the work that Chairmen Comer and Jordan dug up were Democratic donors.So Hunter Biden lives on foreign money for a long time. He shuts that spigot off. He turns on the Democratic donor spigot. Six -- more than $6 million have flowed to Hunter Biden from Democratic donor since Joe Biden began running for president.And what does Joe Biden do? He gets in the middle of the business deal, chums up the people helping his son make money, in this case calling -- personally calling on the cell phone the artist gallery owner who was selling his paintings, and then chumming him up when he comes to the White House for a wedding reception. Joe Biden story continues to unravel because of the good work of Chairman Comer and Chairman Jordan.HANNITY: Maybe now with the cocaine and the gun pouch issue, the fact that the FBI, did they know this 2018. And why are we learning about it no now? And why did that not -- why did that not initiate from David Weiss, who was prosecutor, at the time, a real charge against Hunter?Remember, his original plan, prior to whistleblowers was no charges at all, and that it was a sweetheart deal. Thank God a judge in Delaware stopped that, and now, maybe, we'll get some real answers. But David Weiss has been nothing but a special pleader, not a special prosecutor as it relates to Hunter.SOLOMON: Yeah, listen, there's so much to distrust about the Justice Department's conduct in this case, from 2018 when Donald Trump was president, all the way to today with Merrick Garland and Joe Biden. Almost certainly, my FBI sources tell me the gun would've been tested right away when it was recovered, which means that the government has known for five years that this gun had cocaine on it.The only reason it comes out today, Hunter Biden is trying to take the charges saying there's no reason to charge me. You can't prove that I was a cocaine addict when I was owning this gun. And the FBI came back and said, unfortunately, your pouch says otherwise.And, listen, Hunter Biden -- every time Hunter Biden punches, he gets punched back harder because the facts are not in his favor.HANNITY: John Solomon, justthenews.com, thank you for that report as always, great breaking news tonight.Also, today, the House Rules Committee, they canceled the planned vote on two committees resolutions to hold Hunter Biden in contempt of Congress. Now, this as negotiations are allegedly ongoing about a date to appear for a deposition.Here with the very latest is the House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer.I have a lot of questions for you tonight. Initially, you know, there was no way you were going to issue a second subpoena. Apparently, that is now on the table. My understanding is Kevin Morris is scheduled to be deposed on Thursday.Isn't it a pretty good bet that if Hunter does come in on any date that he's likely to plead the Fifth?SOLOMON: Well, that's always been a possibility. I mean, let's face it, Sean. It's going to be very difficult to answer these questions. We have the bank records. We have the specific transactions. We have emails, text messages, we have sworn testimony now that is counter to everything that both Hunter and Joe Biden have said about their family's shady schemes.But at the end of the day, we really need to get Hunter Biden in. And I think what's happened over the last few days is Abbe Lowell has realized that we have won. We are in a position to win in court. The House Oversight Committee, the House Judiciary Committee, we have done everything by the book. We have dotted every eye and crossed every tea, and we're in a position to win.HANNITY: Let me ask then --REP. JAMES COMER, (R-KY): So, now, Abbe Lowell has come back on, you know, basically begging to and offering for Hunter Biden to be deposed without any conditions.HANNITY: Why give them that special consideration? A lot of people were kind of upset about that, and there's no guarantee he's going to talk anyway?COMER: Right. Well, that's -- you know, that's the -- a question and we've discussed it with a lot of our committee members. But at the end of the day, we really want to hear from Hunter Biden.This is about Joe Biden. Hunter Biden's a key witness in the investigation. We believe that at the end of the day, if we make every effort to bring Hunter Biden in, that that will help solidify the final report that that we're going to issue to the American people.And look, if he doesn't come in, if he doesn't answer the questions, then he will be held in contempt. Abbe Lowell knows that. We're still scheduled to vote Thursday on the House floor. We have the votes to hold Hunter Biden in contempt, but the fact that Abbe Lowell's come back --HANNITY: Right.COMER: -- roll him back, offering to come in, and now answer our questions I think shows we were right all along. And again, most of the people on our committees want to hear from Hunter Biden.HANNITY: Let me ask you about the other two issues, the stories that John Solomon was reporting on. One is the art dealer, and the testimony that was given. Were we not told that they had an ethics agreement, that Hunter would not know the people that purchased his art? Now we know that Joe Biden, big guy himself was speaking to the art dealer directly, that was testimony apparently that you received.And you know, what do you have to say about the cocaine that the FBI knew about in 2018 as it relates to his gun holster? We have only about a minute left.COMER: Yeah. This is a -- this is another major lie that Joe Biden told the American people. The White House said they had an agreement in place to provide maximum ethics. We really thought they probably had something in place. It probably wasn't worth the paper that it was written on.But we were shocked to learn from George Berges in the transcribed interview that he's never even heard from anyone from the White House. He didn't know anything about an ethics agreement. He had never even seen in the news where there was an ethics agreement.So, you know, again, another lie by Joe Biden, another lie by the White House. Nothing is panning out that Joe Biden said with respect to his family shady business schemes. We're going to bring Hunter Biden in. We're going to get answers from all of these people.Kevin Morris will be up next week.HANNITY: And then, of course, the cocaine in the gun holster. Oh, we're just finding out about it now. They knew about it in 2018, but they only did a 10-day investigation and concluded they'd never get to the bottom of who brought the cocaine into the White House. Pretty amazing lie there I think somewhere. I'm not sure who or what, but 10 days is not a real investigation.Chairman Comer, thank you.When we come back, the Biden administration forced to admit a major mistake. Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo with the latest.And by the way, Dennis Miller tonight, you don't want to miss it, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And tonight, a violent and chaotic situation in the Middle East continues to get worse. Two Navy SEALs are missing tonight after taking part in what was a critical mission to intercept a shipment of Iranian missiles headed for Yemen. Now, search and rescue operations are underway in the Gulf of Aden.Now, meanwhile, Yemen's Houthi rebels, they continue their attacks in the Red Sea, even striking an American cargo ship yesterday with a ballistic missile. And now, finally, Biden is planning to once again re-designate the Houthis as a terrorist organization. Remember, he very generously removed the terror label shortly after taking office, even though they regularly committed acts of terrorism at the behest of Iran. At least Joe wasn't trying to give them billions like he was doing for the Iranian mullahs.This all comes as Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin is out of the hospital after nearly two weeks stay, and this -- that was not initially disclosed by the way to anybody, was eight days later, that Joe Biden found out he actually had cancer. Or -- I'm sorry or actually had a prostate problem.Anyway, here with reaction is former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.We do wish him a speedy recovery.So we were told, oh, Great Britain and Joe Biden, they responded to the Houthi rebels. We find out later that, at the most, maybe people were killed. Now, the Houthis are firing ballistic missiles at American ships, and there's no response as per usual.Your reaction?MIKE POMPEO, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: Yeah, Sean, this is -- this is a problem that was a policy-driven problem. The Biden administration got this wrong from the outset.You're right, they -- we designated the Houthis as a foreign terrorist organization. They now have had to acknowledge that whoops, these guys are really terrorists, they were firing missiles into Saudi Arabia. I remember Speaker Pelosi screaming at all of us because they wanted to try and get food and aid in there when in fact what we needed to do was inflict a real cost on these very same Houthis that are now disrupting sea lanes, going to make food prices for Americans more expensive. And you got it right as well.They fundamentally misunderstand this threat, whether it's -- whether it's the Biden administration's efforts to restrain Israel when they need to destroy Hamas, or the administration's effort to just -- you know, pinprick Iran when they're threatening the lives of Americans, 125 plus attacks on American interest in the Middle East. This is unacceptable. We can't let this happen and I'm praying for those two Navy SEALs.But this is precisely the kind of thing that happens, Sean, when America isn't strong and doesn't deter our adversaries.HANNITY: At this point, I just think all the world sees is a cognitively impaired weak and frail president, and I've got to imagine, based on the fact that Joe never responds seemingly to any incident, that they think they have free rein. I have no doubt this year, while Joe is president, that in fact the reunification of Taiwan with China is going to occur, meaning they're going to try and take over an independent state.Do you disagree with me? I hope I'm wrong.POMPEO: Yeah, I hope you're wrong, too. I don't know that they'll do it this year, but your core point which is that these our adversaries see this moment, right? They can see that President Biden is not up to the task of defending American interest. And whether it was what happened in Afghanistan, where 13 Americans killed, or the invasion by Vladimir Putin into Europe, these are the kind of things that happen when America isn't on watch, doing the basic task of convincing our allies to defend themselves and supporting them when they do.Whether Xi Jinping will actually move on Taiwan in the next 10 or 12 months, make no mistake about it, they know that President Biden's got another year. He may only have that other -- that one more year, and they're going to do everything they can to seize the leverage and the moment to make this next administration's job even that much more difficult.HANNITY: I honestly, you know, have never been this concerned about the economy, about what's happening in the country to American citizens, and I've never been this concerned about what's going on abroad. And if the adults like yourself but not put in charge soon, you know, I fear the very worst in, you know, a lot of parts of the world.We're now hearing about Putin's potential to go after NATO nations after he's done with Ukraine. Your thoughts on that?POMPEO: Yeah. I've said since the beginning, Putin's intentions were deeper than just Kyiv, just Ukraine. He had -- he had bigger ambitions. The Ukrainians were able to stop him, with a lot of American help, so good on us for that.I know the bad guys are moving around pretty freely. We saw Chairman Kim make an announcement said he's no longer interested in unifying with South Korea. Dangerous times, Sean.HANNITY: Yeah, very dangerous. We need you back in charge. I know you've sacrificed a lot of your life serving your country, we could use you back in charge again, thank you, Secretary Pompeo.When we come back, Vice President Harris actually thinks Biden has a chance of winning re-election. We'll tell you what she said, and we're going to get reaction from the one and only Dennis Miller. To quote O'Reilly, Miller time, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Vice President Harris joined ABC News for an interview ahead of Donald Trump's historic caucus victory last night. And I guess the vice president is even more clueless than we actually thought. Why? She actually has confidence in Biden's reelection. Somebody does. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INTERVIEWER: So are your concerns the same no matter who the Republican nom -- the Republican candidate is, the Republican nominee?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, let me just tell you this, no matter who the Republican nominee is, we're winning. We're winning.INTERVIEWER: Do you -- you've seen the numbers, you know, a lot. Do you think Donald Trump at this point is a foregone conclusion?HARRIS: I don't know. But look, if it is Donald Trump, we've beat him before and we'll beat again.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Joining us now, the host of a brand new FOX Nation special. It's called "The Infomercials That Sold Us", our friend Dennis Miller. It's Miller time. Let's take a sneak peek at his new show.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Come to my seminar, you'll be saying wow.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Don't you really want to know.DENNIS MILLER, FOX NATION HOST: Hey there, I'm Dennis Miller. You want to see my new three-part series, "The Infomercials That Sold Us", do you?A nostalgic look at a time when infomercials ruled the airways. You'll also get introduced with all of these starts, but first, you got to sign up for FOX Nation.Operators, they aren't standing by. What is this, 1995?Don't miss "The Infomercials That Sold Us". Subscribe to FOX Nation today.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: The one and only Dennis Miller. You don't want to miss it. It's on foxnation.com.You know, I'm not -- I'm not ashamed to admit something very publicly, I have called you a number of times personally, I said, Dennis, our audience of FOX loves you. We -- they want you back on, come on the show. And I have been met with nothing but fierce but polite resistance. Why?MILLER: Oh, I'm out, Sean. I'm very happy. It's -- listen, I hadn't done anything in a couple years, and I thought, well, I kind of want to see if I miss it and I did this documentary. It's only three parts and it was with a lovely guy named Rob Rosen. I think that was one of the main reasons. They always say the suits and they act like they're ineffective, and you know, not nice people. But he was lovely and he convinced me.And I had fun performing a little again, but you know what, Sean? I'm -- I'm going to lead my life now inside out. I don't draw much sucker from leading it outside in.To me, the world has sort of flipped upside down, and I'm not going full bore Ayn Rand, John Galt here. I'm not going up country, but I'm not as interested. I did not know that the -- what are they called, the Iowa caucuses was last night until yesterday --HANNITY: Yeah.MILLER: And I like that feeling.HANNITY: Well, I completely understand it you certainly have deserved it. You spent many years on the road. You've had a -- I mean, your career has been amazing and successful. It's just in these times it's people like you that can bring your unique sense of humor, wit, wisdom to bring a little levity to what is a pretty tense country right now. I mean, more divided I think than ever before.I've been doing this a long time and I can't remember a time it was this divided, and I don't even see how you reconcile these issues. There's not a little bit of inside of you that's just dying away in like I want to know what you think about this presidential cycle?MILLER: Sean, it's as divided as the screen they're showing us both on. There -- there's no Venn diagram overlap here. There's two types of -- I see the world in many ways as upside down right now.I wouldn't put money on pallets and drop it off in deserts in the middle of the night. I'd like to have a border. I don't think just open shoplifting is a -- is a good thing. I think story hours should be about the story and not the backstory.There's so many things that I don't understand anymore. I just don't think it's my time. As far as this election cycle goes, I will say this -- I think many Americans and I have a lot of people come up to me and want to talk politics, I sort of beg off because I'm not as informed as I used to be, but I will say this about Donald Trump.He has a moment here but I don't think he's going to seize it, and that tells me that he might not be as -- now first off, he's got to start getting more tan people behind him when he goes into the Midwest. Look at him -- I mean, he has all these it's like Johnny and Edgar Winter over his shoulder, and he looks like an old wallet that I misplaced somewhere along the way. So he's got to start either getting less tan or making the people behind him more tan.But I'll say this to Trump, he has one way that I think he can win the presidency, and I don't think he'll take it and that makes me think he's either not as sharp as some people think he is or he's too stubborn to be president. He should come out and say, listen, my whole life, you -- and especially in politics, you've heard me say I don't apologize, and I just want to look you in the eye tonight and say we're at a point in this country's history where some common sense things have to take over again, and along the way, have I been -- have I been ground down, them going after my wife, them going after my kids, me just naturally being a flippant guy, yeah, I've made some mistakes and I just want to say -- in an effort to get some people out there who will never vote for me because of my arrogance, I would like to say I apologize when I've made errors.You had Ted Cruz on earlier tonight. Ted Cruz just came out and endorsed him. It's a perfect example for Trump to just circle back around and you know, say, you know what, I've gotten wisdom. I've gotten some humility. I made fun of this man's wife at one point.And for him to come around and endorse me for the presidency, I don't even feel I can accept that endorsement unless I go on record by saying that was wrong what I said about your wife. I was being a smartass when I get out in front. I'm a bad front runner, I get too arrogant, but that was a mistake, Ted. I'm humbled that you would come back around and endorse me.Until Trump does something like that, I don't think he's serious about becoming the next president. People want him to cop to some of his errors over the years, and they want him to become a little more humble and say, I really do believe this country is in trouble, say what you will about me personally, but you have never heard me or saw me exhibit any tendencies that would make you think I did not love this country. That's the one thing he has going for him. I think people know he loves this country.But I don't -- I know a lot of people who would never vote for Trump even if his beliefs directly coincided with him because they don't like his manner. He's got to solve that.HANNITY: I would say and I've said this to him privately, and I've said it on air even this week, he throws one pitch, fast ball high and tight, if you throw the curveball called humility, your advice to him, I think it would guarantee his election. I think that -- now, you said you don't think people want to hear your voice. I -- if I put up a poll when it comes out 80 percent people do, will you come on once a week?MILLER: You know, Sean, you're so nice to me and you're so kind to me, and I'm out.HANNITY: Come back in. Thanks, Dennis Miller.Check out his special on FOX Nation.We'll continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Time flies by. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". For foxnews.com, Hannity.com, news anytime, anytime, every time.But in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld is up next to put a smile on your face.