SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, we are broadcasting live from Bedford, New Hampshire. It is the night before the primary, and at this hour, we are monitoring what is a huge unity rally in the Granite State, featuring three former hopefuls, Senator Tim Scott, Vivek Ramaswamy and Governor Doug Burgum is there, along with the current GOP front runner Donald J. Trump. We're going to take you there live. He should be taking the stage any moment, when the 45th president steps up to the podium.Now in the general election, President Trump now leads Biden more than ever. Look at this Morning Consul poll of 2024 tracking. And meanwhile in New Hampshire, Trump is expected to win big in tomorrow's primaries.When you look at the Real Clear Politics average look at this, "The Washington Post", 16-point lead. According to Emerson, he's leading by a whopping 27 points. The later -- the latest Inside Advantage, that would be the Matt Towery poll, they nailed it, look at that, he's up by 22 or more. That was 62-37. "The Boston Globe" has him up by 19. The new fake news CNN poll even has them up by 11, and last week, it was seven.That same CNN poll found that DeSantis supporters are more likely to back Donald Trump, now that the Florida governor has pulled out of this race. And while Governor DeSantis won't be the 2024 nominee, let me just say one thing about him, his campaign, he is without a doubt a leader in our current conservative movement. He's an American first conservative, one of the most successful governors in Florida's history.And you might recall, in 2018, Governor DeSantis won the state of Florida by around 30,000 votes. Four years later, he won reelection by more than 1.5 million. Why? Because he did -- he did a great job as governor for the people in the free state of Florida.He's a fighter. He always puts America first. He was especially true -- we saw this during the COVID pandemic, and despite hysteria from the woke mob, he withstood all those attacks. He was one of the first governors in the country to reject lockdowns. He opened schools in August of 2020, and he defended freedom.In the free state of Florida is now -- well, my new home, on top of everything, but it is one of the hottest destinations in the world and growing at a very rapid -- rapid pace and, of course, politics is a blood sport. During this primary, Governor DeSantis was up against -- well, someone that is capable of defying all conventional political gravity.But Ron DeSantis is only 45 years old. His future incredibly bright and Florida lucky to have him as a governor. And now, we're down to a two- person race between Donald Trump and Nikki Haley.You do have to give Nikki Haley credit. She's the last challenger standing, but she is in a pretty tough spot as of tonight. Not only is she losing, according to the Real Clear Politics average by 18, but she's almost down by 30 points in her home state of South Carolina, according to the latest Emerson poll.Still, the former governor, ambassador, is picking up support from an unlikely group of voters, Biden supporters. What's going on here? Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Have you decided who you're going to support on Tuesday?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I think I have. I think I'm Nikki supporter.REPORTER: Are you open to supporting Joe Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am. I voted for him in the last election.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I love the live free or die state. I love New Hampshire. I love the people of New Hampshire. I don't like their voting system. Independents, Democrats, they call it an open primary. They register as independents, Democrats sometimes do, and then they can vote in the Republican primary. Based on multiple reports, Haley has a ton of support from Americans who will likely vote for Biden regardless if Nikki Haley won here in the New Hampshire primary. I don't like that system.Now, still, Nikki Haley has an uphill battle in New Hampshire and Trump is expected to win if you believe the polls. But the only poll that really matters, that will be tomorrow's primary, anything can happen. But if in fact, Haley does lose and lose by a pretty big margin, she will have an important decision to make, and that is does she want to go into her own state and risk losing by a big margin. In a moment, we'll take you live to that Trump rally.But, first, here with reaction, FOX News contributor, former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich.You are very confident after Iowa that you feel the primary is over. I would assume that position is not changed. What do you make of the rise in polls post-Iowa and do you agree with me that I think Ron DeSantis supporters are more likely to go to President Trump than to, say, Nikki Haley?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first of all, I agree with everything you said about Governor DeSantis who I do think has a great future, has been an extraordinarily good governor and I hope that he will stay active in public life.I think that -- I just did a newsletter for tomorrow at Gingrich 360 pointing out this is about to be the longest general election in American history. I think it's something like 287 days from Wednesday until election day. Donald Trump tomorrow night will be the Republican nominee.If Ambassador Haley is wise, she'll find a graceful way as Governor DeSantis did to get out of the race. If she's unwise, she will go to South Carolina and she will be decisively defeated in her home state, and that will just shrink her. Right now, you have to have great respect for her courage, her determination, her energy, her articulation. She's about as high as she's ever going to get, and I think if tomorrow night ends as Matt Towery suggests and I think he's right, it's going to be Trump somewhere between 15 and 30 points ahead of her.Well, two primaries in a row against the man who totally dominates the party nationally, the objective reality is it's over. And I think if that's what happens tomorrow night, that I hope Governor Haley will decide that she's done her best just as Governor DeSantis did, but that in fact this is now Donald Trump's party and we need to unify to defeat Joe Biden.HANNITY: I think what we're seeing emerge though is a bench, because let's say Donald Trump's the nominee, let's say he wins the general election. In four years, there will be a real open primary, and I would not be at all surprised to see people like Governor DeSantis people like Nikki Haley wanting to jump in then as well.At that point, they got to calculate, you know, this four-year interim period of time.Now, we now see the biggest number that Donald Trump is leading over Joe Biden. We also see Joe Biden has the lowest poll numbers he's ever had, 33 percent. You see that he's losing a big part of his base, African- Americans, Hispanic Americans, women, young people. A big part of what we usually look at as the base of the Democratic Party.If that continues, how could he possibly come back?GINGRICH: Look, I mean, the objective reality is that at a performance level, this is a disastrous administration. Biden's illegal immigrants alone would sink a normal candidate and there it's just going to get worse. It's not going to get better. Chicago announced yesterday, they have no extra space. New York got so desperate, they kicked out American school children for the night and brought in illegal immigrants because it was so cold. I mean every time people turn around, the illegal immigration policy of Biden which is a deliberate policy to open the border and have the maximum number of people enter the U.S. illegally, that's blowing up on the Democrats everywhere.Second, the country is not at all convinced by the woke left-wing radicalism. Simple example, 6 percent of Americans are willing to buy an electric vehicle. The Biden administration wants to make that 100 percent. Well, you can't in a free society coerce 94 percent of the country into doing something they don't want to do.So I think on both policy grounds and performance grounds, Biden will get worse and worse, weaker and weaker. Democrats will become more and more terrified and I think this will be a bigger blowout than Reagan over Carter. I think that this is one of the amazing moments in American history, and Trump will have over 280 days to crisscross the country, strengthen the Republican Party and campaign among groups who normally never see a Republican.Meaning you we'll have the time now to design a true general election strategy of trying to unify the whole country and if you watch his tone, he has very correctly begun to move towards a unifying, bring us together, solve problems. For example, fix the big cities, not something Republicans normally talk about. So I'm encouraged that this could be a remarkable general election.HANNITY: But he does have potentially, as many as four trials facing him. What impact do you see that potentially having?GINGRICH: Just pisses people off. I mean I had a woman today literally, we were at -- Callista and I were at Giant (ph) doing some grocery shopping, and a woman came up to me, African-American works at the store. She said, you know, I'm not quite sure I'm for Trump but I hate what they're doing to him. And I think it's really unfair and a really bothers me.And I think that's true of almost every American. If they had picked one fight and gone after him legally on one ground, that might have made sense. But when you see them coming at him from every single angle and, of course, now with the -- with the problems of Fani Willis has in Atlanta, it begins to be almost like theater of the absurd.HANNITY: You're talking about Fulton County?GINGRICH: Fulton County.HANNITY: Yeah, Fulton County D.A. Willis. Well, they got problems there. They have a lot of delays seemingly in the D.C. case as well. I don't think Alvin Bragg has even decided what he's actually charging Trump with in New York, which was the first set of charges. So, I mean, God only knows how that's going to work out and --GINGRICH: And people --HANNITY: And -- yeah?GINGRICH: I just to say, when people realize that the District of Columbia voted 95 percent for Biden, that the current judge is a radical left- winger, that the current prosecutor is so out of the rules that the Supreme Court actually admonished him for having broken the rules and trying to get another Republican politician years ago, they're just going to say this whole thing is rigged. And I don't care what they try to do to Trump when it's rigged, the country is going to rally to the individual against the establishment and all they're doing.I think they got Trump the nomination at least a month earlier. I really thought he would get it by the time we got to Super Tuesday. I never dreamed he would get it by the end of the New Hampshire primary, which was really the last great stand of the non-Trump Republicans. And it tells you that what's happened is the radical corrupt Biden judicial department, the Justice Department has, in fact, so alienated people that given a choice whatever Trump's weaknesses may sometimes be, he is the person standing and representing all of us who need protection from an out of control left-wing government.And I think that gives him a strength that we have probably not seen in modern times.HANNITY: Wow, coming from you, a great historian, that's an amazing comment.Newt Gingrich, great to have you as always. Thank you.Now, tonight, the crisis at our southern border is a top issue for American voters and now after lying you know to our face, the border is secure, the borders closed, for three-plus years, and pretending that that order was actually secure, while Joe Biden is actually trying a new tactic. We have it on tape. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you believe that the border is secure, sir?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No, it's not. I haven't believed it for the last 10 years. And I've said it for the 10 last years -- give me the money.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, all of a sudden, according to Joe, the border hasn't been secure for a decade since he was vice president. But it's just not his fault. He wants you to believe there's nothing he can do.By the way, there's plenty that he can do. He doesn't need Congress. He inherited secure borders and yet he wants you to forget about all those executive orders that he signed making it easier to cross the border illegally, or all the aiding and abetting that he's been involved him with the illegal immigrants, and all the money that has been spent by the federal government, by states, to pay for housing and health care and education et cetera, for people that didn't respect our laws, borders or sovereignty.He also wants you to ignore his battle with the state of Texas while the Lone Star State attempts to fortify and secure their borders, do the job the federal government has failed to do. The Biden administration actually sued Texas, took them all the way to the Supreme Court to stop the state from actually doing their job. And today, well, mission accomplished for Joe Biden; 5-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the federal government can cut down razor wire and other barriers to free up illegal entry for now.Here to respond, Texas Senator Ted Cruz.Senator, you're a constitutional scholar. I am shocked at the chief justice and Amy Coney Barrett and them going along with the liberal minority here, the federal government has been aiding and abetting law breaking. Joe Biden has not upheld his oath to our Constitution to enforce the laws of our land. What else does Texas have available to them if they won't do the job, they got to do it themselves.SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, Sean, that's exactly right, and listen, this decision makes me angry and even more angry is listening to Joe Biden just flat-out lied and he knows he's lying although actually given his mental condition, maybe he doesn't know he's lying. But anyone rational that was aware of the world around him would know that he was lying. He says the border hadn't been secure for 10 years and just give me the money.Well, you know what? When Joe Biden became president three years ago, he inherited the lowest rate of illegal immigration in 45 years. We had made incredible progress securing the border and Joe Biden deliberately, systematically dismantled it, and if you look at the numbers, we went from the lowest rate in 45 years to right now today, the highest rate of illegal immigration in history ever, 9.6 million illegal immigrants have come in at Joe Biden.And here's the thing to understand -- he's not unhappy about that. He doesn't want to solve it. He doesn't want to prevent it. He wants more. It was a deliberate decision and when he asked for more money, it's not more money to build a wall. It's not more money to secure the border. He wants more money to process illegal immigrants faster, to move even more of them into every city in America.He wants to take that 9.6 million and make it 20 million, make it 30 million, make it 40 million. It is an invasion and Texas is bearing the brunt but every community in America is paying the price.HANNITY: You went the longest in terms of anyone candidate back in 2016 against Donald Trump. I believe it ended after Indiana, you had won Wisconsin, if my memory serves me properly. It was -- you went further than anybody.You see what's happening here. You see these latest poll numbers out of New Hampshire. I'd be shocked to believe that all of these polls that have Trump up by, you know, 18, 19, 20-plus points are going to be that far off. Maybe he'll win by five points but it still would be a big victory for him. What happens after that? Would Nikki Haley risk going into her home state where she's down 30 points and losing her home state?CRUZ: Look, I think this race is over. Last week on your show, I endorsed Donald Trump and the reason I endorse Donald Trump is I think he's won the primary. The results in Iowa were overwhelming. I stayed out of it to let the voters speak.You look at what happened in Iowa, he won over 51 percent of the vote. He won 98 out of 99 counties. That is overwhelming. That is a powerful outcome.Going to New Hampshire, New Hampshire tomorrow, look, Haley is close to Trump in New Hampshire. It's possible that Haley will be close. It's even possible that she wins in New Hampshire, particularly because New Hampshire allows independents to vote in the primary.So, about a third of the state are independents. They can show up tomorrow and on that day they can decide, do I want to vote Democrat? Do I want to vote Republican? "The Boston Globe" this weekend wrote an editorial urging every independent, don't vote in the Democrat primary. Vote in the Republican primary to beat Donald Trump. They said we don't like Nikki Haley, but we hate Donald Trump.So there's a chance Nikki Haley wins tomorrow. But whether she does or not frankly doesn't matter, because after that, it goes to South Carolina. I think Nikki Haley will stick around to South Carolina, and she is going to lose her home state by double digits and after that is Super Tuesday where she's down by huge margins everywhere.I think this race is over, and so I hope we see the Republican Party come together unify to beat Joe Biden because the results of this administration have frankly been a train wreck and a disaster for the country.HANNITY: We're going to get to the president. He's now taking the stage.Very quickly, how do you explain what I call this Trump phenomenon that he defies all conventional political gravity? The old rules of politics obviously don't apply to him. If he's arrested, you know, after all that he's been through, people now see this as a persecution, not prosecution.CRUZ: Yes.HANNITY: Have they just overreached now for the last seven years and this is the result of it?CRUZ: Well, listen, number one, Trump has enormous backbone. He's got guts. He stands up and fights. But number two, he broke the Democrat Party. He broke the media. They hate him.And so, look, I enjoyed the conversation between you and Newton. And new was right, had there been one case, maybe it would have gone somewhere but this is so obviously a persecution that people are tired of seeing the government weaponized. That's a big part of why Trump is winning this primary decisively.HANNITY: All right. Senator Ted Cruz, we appreciate it.Any thought that maybe in four years you might jump back in yourself?CRUZ: Well, look, I've got a race this year. I'm running for reelection in Texas. Chuck Schumer has made me as number one target in the country and so, please come to tedcruz.org, make a contribution. The Democrats are going to spend $100 million trying to beat me.So go to tedcruz.org. I need your help and I'll give you my word I'm going to stand and fight alongside Donald Trump to turn this country around and bring us back from the mess Joe Biden has given us.HANNITY: All right. We really appreciate you being with us, Senator Ted Cruz.So this is a unity rally that's going on in New Hampshire. Looks like Trump is going up to the podium. Let's see. Well, he apparently is. He's with Senator Tim Scott, and Vivek Ramaswamy and North Dakota Governor Burgum.Let's listen in.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT: And I just visited in some overflow rooms and you're not in an overflow room, but this is crowded. And outside, you got a lot of people but that's like a poll, right? That's like taking a poll when you get right there.So thank you very much. And hello, New Hampshire. We are -- we are really going to rock in New Hampshire and we're going to have a little fun tonight, and we can give you -- this is the last speech.Think of it, it's a little sad but we'll be back a lot because we're going to get your energy prices down. You know, we're going to get you energy down by I would say -- I would say a solid 50 percent within one year, I promise.Tomorrow is the day that each and every one of you is going to cast the most important vote of your entire life. This is a very, very important vote.When you step into that voting booth, you are going to be signaling that we want crooked Joe Biden the worst president in the history of our country. We got to get him out. His radical left lunatics, the entire sick political establishment in our nation's capital, we're going to do things -- that we're going to do things right. We're going to bring our country back. With your vote, you're going to put crooked Joe and his protectors on notice that we are coming in November.We're coming to take over the beautiful, beautiful White House and we're going to run the country the way it's supposed to be run, not the way it's been run by them.(CHEERS)The corrupt Washington swamp has done everything in its power to take away your voice and Tuesday, I believe that New Hampshire will be the -- I would say the place on earth for that period of time will speak the loudest of any other place. You know, we just got back from a beautiful, beautiful state, Iowa. And the expectations were good and we exceeded them by a lot, by a lot.We set records. It was actually a record in the history of the state. That was a record for what we were doing, and everybody was a little bit surprised. They thought we were going to win by a lot, but we won by record stuff. Nobody has done better and we're going to do that here. I believe we're going to do that here.Now, you do have to do one thing. You have to get the Democrats stop voting in a Republican primary, what's that all about? You know that is, that's a weak governor, that's a weak governor that would allow that.Democrats are not supposed to be voting in Republican primaries. Do we agree? So but get out and vote and you know, I spent a lot of time in Iowa saying this, we had very big polls, just like we do now. We just got some in the fantastic polls.But assume you one down please, okay, and get out of bed and just get to vote, grab your neighbor, grab everybody, you got to -- you got to go out because we have to win by big margins, and the reason we have to do that Al, very simple, you know what the reason is in November. We have to send the signal that we're not playing games this country has gone to hell. This country has gone to hell.We have people pouring in our borders, nobody's ever seen anything like it. Nobody knows where they're from, unvetted, unchecked. It's a terrible thing is happening to our country, and you have to get out in numbers, even if you think we're going to win big and I think we are. But you're going to have to show it and we want to have that so that come November, we're going to be in a position where people are not and we have to stop the cheating. We're going to stop the cheating.You know, the one way -- the one way you know you win is when you swamp them, not drain the swamp, build up the swamp in this case.Tomorrow, we're going to win New Hampshire and then we're going to defeat crooked Joe Biden and we are going to make America great again, okay? And - -(CHANTING)Thank you. Thank you very much. And if you need information or anything NH.DonaldJTrump.com, right? NH.DonaldJTrump.com. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.So every day -- yeah, thank you very much. That was -- that was handled very quickly. By the way, that was -- that was handled -- that was handled in record time I think.Thank you. Good job. Good job back there. Thank you very much.Every day, the Republican Party is becoming more and more unified. Thank you very.That was a good job. Boy, that was quick. That took about 9 seconds. Thank you.(CHANTING)Every day, the Republican Party is becoming more and more unified, and it is, and you see what happened? I mean, we had a very good competitor, Ron, as you know. Ron DeSantis, Ron DeSantis and he fought hard and he fought well, and now we have one left.We started off with -- really if you add some Democrats into it, we started off with 13 and now we're down to two people. And I think one person will be gone probably tomorrow. And the other one will be gone in November.But now is the time for the Republican Party to come together. We have to unify. That's why I'm delighted to be joined today by a number of outstanding leaders, big leaders, powerful leaders greatly respected leaders, and they're also unbelievable competitors, and we're all on the same team, 100 percent focused on Biden and beating him in November.So I just want to introduce to you for just a few seconds, a few people that have been incredible on the campaign trail. They've been really good and they'll have a lot to do with what's happening in the country over the next four years. And I'm sure long beyond that.Vivek, please come here.(CHEERS)Vivek Ramaswamy.(CHEERS)VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R) FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Say a few words.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We love you, man!RAMASWAMY: I love you back. It's good to be back here. We will speak the truth and get this done. We are in the middle of a war in this country. It's not between black and white, or even between most Democrats and Republicans. It is between those of us who love this country and a fringe minority who hates the United States of America, and what we stand for.Between the permanent state and the everyday citizen and right now, we need a commander-in-chief who will lead us to victory in this war. That is this man standing right here.If you want to seal the border, vote Trump. If you want to restore law and order in this country, vote Trump. If you want to defeat the deep state, vote Trump.If you want to fight inflation, vote Trump. If you want to revive national pride in this country, vote Trump. If you want to revive our national identity in this country, vote Trump. If you want to make America great again, vote Trump.That's how we're going to win this in a landslide in November like Reagan delivered in 1980, that's what we're going to deliver, and Donald Trump is going to deliver this November. Reunite this country. You guys do your part, come out on Tuesday night, end this primary right here off to defeat Joe Biden in November and our best days as a nation are still yet ahead of us.Vote Trump. And that's how we do this. God bless you and your families in our United States. Vote Trump.(CHANTING)TRUMP: Thank you very much, Vivek. We love him.Dynamo. He's a dynamo.So, one of the most respected governors -- one of the most respected governors in the country, brilliant guy made a lot of money and then he said let me run for office. We know about that and he is truly from North Dakota, and done really an incredible job and he's a friend of mine, become a friend of mine and a really good one, Doug Burgum -- Doug.(APPLAUSE)GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R), NORTH DAKOTA: When I became governor, it was the same night that Donald Trump was elected back in November '16, and the world changed because I've had an opportunity to serve under Joe Biden as president and Donald Trump.When Donald Trump was president our nation was safe and our nation was prosperous. Joe Biden, his weakness has led to war, his weakness and his appeasement has led to our adversaries like Iran and Russia making hundreds of billions of dollars selling oil to China.Economy, energy, national security -- those are all three tied together. There's one candidate in this race that understands how to make our nation more secure, our nation more prosperous. It's the person who did it when he was president before. That's Donald J. Trump.(CHEERS)Biden has been a disaster on the economy. He's been a disaster on energy and he's been a disaster on national security, including the border. Under Donald J. Trump, our cities were safer, our country was safer, and we were absolutely economically better off than we are to now.Joe Biden's energy policies are empowering our dictators, and they're hurting our economy. They're raising the prices of what you pay for gas in your car, food on your table, and energy to heat your homes.We need Donald Trump. America needs Donald Trump and the reason why we do is because he's the individual that knows how to solve these problems. He knows how to keep America safe. He knows how to make us more prosperous.And I want to tell you, I've got an ask for all of you in New Hampshire. I've met a lot of you campaigning around the state but the ask is this -- tomorrow, you've got to get out and bring your friends, you got to bring everybody and vote because the eyes of the world are on New Hampshire tomorrow. They're going to be looking how you vote.We end this primary tomorrow in New Hampshire with a fantastic win. And guess what? It's not just America. It's every foreign dictator. It's every terrorist group is going to be rethinking their plans when they know we've got a strong and experienced president who will stand up to them and bring America and make America great again. Thank you!(CHEERS)TRUMP: Thank you very much, Doug. That was good.Hey, they did a very good job, didn't they? You'll be seeing a lot of them and we have another one, everybody knows them. And today was a big story, the biggest story out there, he's engaged to be married. We never thought this was going to happen. What's going on?A very, very fine person, a man that we work so closely and I work so closely with. He was in the Senate, he's been there now a long time, and one of the most respected people in all of Washington, Senator Tim Scott, South Carolina.(CHEERS)SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): All right, all right, all right! If you want four more years of Donald Trump, let me hear you scream.(CHEERS)If you want the race to be over tomorrow, let me hear you scream!(CHEERS)How many of y'all want four more years of low inflation under Donald Trump?(CHEERS)How many of y'all want four more years of low crime and high law and order under Donald J. Trump?(CHEERS)How many of y'all want me to stop talking so you can hear from your next president, Donald J. Trump? For more years!(CHEERS)(CHANTING)TRUMP: Thank you.HANNITY: All right. Joining us now, President Trump speaking tonight at a unity rally here in New Hampshire. We'll dip back in a few minutes.Joining us now on set, FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt, the co-host of two hit shows "The Five" and "America's Newsroom", and I will be her guest tomorrow which is a great honor of mine.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I got the countdown clock.HANNITY: What do you make of where we are now? Because --PERINO: It's interesting because, you know, we were here in this very place --HANNITY: Yeah.PERINO: -- in 2016 and 2020, and in 2016 when we came here, there were still I think eight candidates left, and it was at the New Hampshire debate where you had what the what was called the murder suicide of Marco Rubio, between -- strategize between Trump and Chris Christie.HANNITY: Right.PERINO: And just to think of how much history is behind us in those eight years, very tumultuous to get to a point where you are in a two-person race. Nikki Haley has said all along that that's what she wanted and she did help winnow the field, right? She is still in it. She's here for tomorrow in New Hampshire, the polls are not great for her, and I don't know if she got to the two-person race too late, but you see what Donald Trump there bringing in, Doug Burgum and Vivek Ramaswamy, Tim Scott, all previous opponents of his in this primary and they're all for him screaming four more years.HANNNITY: And you've got to point out -- and Tim Scott is from South Carolina, which would be up next, as well as Nevada and South Carolina. What do you make of this, Charlie?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, certainly, Nikki Haley got what she wanted as you say, maybe a little bit late.HANNITY: But you get what you want.HURT: Exactly, now, it's going to -- she's going to get her one-on-one race.I still think that, you know, it's -- it's -- I'm a little cautious just because when you're looking at 40 percent of the population -- the voting population here who is independent and they have the choice tomorrow of going in and writing in Joe Biden's name or playing in the Republican primary and trying to hurt Trump and help Nikki Haley, I think, you know, it's too soon to say for certain.But if Donald Trump wins by, you know, 40 points or wins by two points, it's the difference between it's a slow death or a fast death. It's -- it's -- I don't see -- the trajectory is not going to change.HANNITY: Well, the number of people that switched, it was -- I think the secretary of state's office said about 4,000.PERINO: Three thousand, yeah.HANNITY: And that ended in October. However, you do have this large number of independents, they can vote in either the Republican or Democratic primary or not vote at all. And there have been efforts -- organized efforts to get people to vote for Nikki Haley, to extend out what they think will be -- it will force Donald Trump to spend more money, extend the primary as long as possible. Therefore, that benefits them in the long run.PERINO: It's an interesting strategy. I don't think it'll really work. And Nikki Haley has rejected that saying, I'm not trying to do that. If people want to vote for me, she's never going to turn them away, that's what she says.But I also think it's interesting, there's 40 percent independent here in Nevada -- in New Hampshire excuse me. We're not in Nevada yet. But in the country, did you see the recent Gallup poll? Forty-three percent of the country says that they are independent. So the both parties --HANNITY: The largest number ever.PERINO: Right, it's the largest number. So both parties are shrinking and so, I'm really interested going forward, let's say that President Trump saws up the nomination, how did you go back to an Obama-Trump-Biden voter and say give me another shot? That will be interesting messaging, and you will need to get some of those people if he's going to win the general.HANNITY: James Carville said and I pay attention when James speaks. I've -- I've had a number of debate with debates with him over the years, fun guy, crazy but fun but smart also.HURT: Very.HANNITY: And you know, one of the things he said is a third party independent run this year is going to get a hell of a lot of votes.HURT: And I think he's right but I also don't think that that's going to hurt Donald Trump. I think that that hurts Joe Biden.HANNITY: And if it's No Labels, if it's RFK.HURT: I think -- and even if it's a never Trumper type person who wants to run and think that they're going to be a spoiler for Donald Trump, I don't think it's going to work. I mean, Trump's --HANNITY: Joe Manchin and Tulsi Gabbard?HURT: I think -- I think it hurt -- I think it all hurts Joe Biden. I think that, you know, any alternative, you -- Donald, as you know, Sean, Donald Trump's supporters are not like wavering. And the one thing that that was absolutely declared in Iowa and is true in all of these polls is, you know, the question for me was, have Republicans grown exhausted and do they want to move on?They don't want to move on.PERINO: Right.HANNITY: Right.HURT: They want to stay and they want to fight and they want to fight with this guy. And to me, you know, DeSantis's decision to get out and his comments I thought were so interesting, to me, that was the most interesting part, was the part where he -- his analysis that look, I did my best. People want to stick with the guy that brought him this far and they want to fight, and I think it's true.PERINO: I like to in "National Review", there was a headline by Philip Klein that said that DeSantis was like Peloton in a post-COVID world, right? It's like, we don't actually need you yet right now. Actually, we're pretty good with what we had before. So --HANNITY: Oh, that's a pretty good analogy.All right. Who would be the people in four years from now, when we're here, God willing again, four years from now?PERINO: Well, I thought it was very interesting that behind the scenes, what DeSantis was saying and his people were saying is that as he went around meeting voters, they might say to him, you're our guy in 2028. If Trump weren't running, we'd be with you, but we're going to stick with him now. So, I think he's in for sure.HANNITY: There's no doubt, you don't -- you don't disagree, he is a young leading conservative America first voice in the country. I --PERINO: One hundred percent and he's an extremely competent executive.HANNITY: Agreed.PERINO: But he's an great campaigner and can he -- can he become a great campaigner or is that instinctual? I think -- that's yet --HANNITY: That's an interesting question. I mean, I was not that critical of his campaign as others have been. I'll tell you, I learned a lot about him the night he debated Newsom.PERINO: Oh yeah, I bet.HANNITY: Because he came in prepared and he there was nothing fazed him. You know, Gavin came in with you know every pre -- prepared line ready, you know, to fire out every bullet he had in his political gun.HURT: He's brilliant as running as an incumbent as we saw in 2022.HANNITY: Yeah.HURT: He had accomplishments to run on and people loved him. He beat Charlie Crist by over 40 points in a swing state of Florida, which is no longer a swing state. And so, to me, the question is, does he end up running in 2028, sort of as an incumbent? And the way only way I see that is if Donald Trump decides to pick him as vice president and I know it seem -- everything seems kind of acrimonious right now, but I don't think it's out of the question.I think that, you know, if Donald Trump decides that that Ron DeSantis --HANNITY: In that sense, he would be anointing him his successor.HURT: Exactly.HANNITY: Because as Dana before we came on the air rightly pointed out, if somebody -- the day after election day, whoever that vice president is, they're probably going to have an eye on that desk that Donald Trump has with a red button that's not for nuclear weapons but for Diet Coke.PERINO: That's right. And they better have a better political operation than Kamala Harris.HANNITY: Well said, that's true.Great to see you. I'll see you on your show tomorrow.PERINO: Yeah, can't wait.HANNITY: Charlie, good to see you.All right. Up next, our own Sara Carter speaking with voters right here in New Hampshire ahead of tomorrow's big primary. We'll show you what they said as "Hannity" continues. We're live in the first primary state in the Union, New Hampshire.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. We are live in New Hampshire ahead of tomorrow's first in the nation primary and earlier tonight, well, our very own Sara Carter, she hit the streets right here in the Granite State to talk with local voters about what they are expecting who they are supporting and the issues that matter most to them. Let's listen to the people that matter. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You think that's going to happen?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it all comes down to the independent voters.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's going to be a tight, tight race between Trump and Nikki Haley. It's going to be a very tight -- tight race between them. I mean, both of them all -- they both have good campaigns going, and everything, but I think Trump's going to get it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think there is going to be a Trump victory.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I just really want a woman to be president. I feel like it's about time. It's been so long and I feel like women can really fix the country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nikki Haley will stay in the race as long as there are folks that will fund her. So if the millions come in to keep her alive, she will stay in as long as she wants, but we MAGA voters are not going back to politicians. We're going to stick with Donald Trump.CARTER: What are some of the issues that you think are going to be the biggest that are going to swing this vote?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The border is first and foremost. That needs to be addressed, whoever is in office.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I just think for my future and like it's so expensive now, like even just gas like everything is so expensive.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm concerned about rising prices of food and gas and all those things that hit the middle class.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I wish I looked like Hannity.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Sara joins us right now with more.I know it's cold out there, Sara. Thanks for working so hard.All right. Generally speaking, did you get consensus where people are leaning?CARTER: Yeah, I -- you know, look, I see a ton of support, Sean, definitely a ton of enthusiasm for President Trump. I'm also seeing a lot of voters -- those independents, those undecided, you know, voters that are saying, look, you know, we haven't made our decision yet or these are the policy issues that we're most concerned about.Americans, of course, the New Hampshire voters are very concerned about the border. They're very concerned about the economy, the economy is one of the biggest issues I think that I've spoke to people with about here today, and I think they're going to lean that way.And as the candidates as both Trump and Nikki Haley make their final pitches, I think one thing is common among all voters, this is really a vote right now against President Biden, and that's something that I think that stuck out very strongly. People here feel abandoned. They feel abandoned by the Democrats. They feel abandoned by President Biden, and we're seeing that a lot with the independent voters as well as those undecided voters that everyone's talking about.I mean, we'll have to wait until tomorrow to know what's going to happen, but I think the people have spoken and the people will speak tomorrow, Sean.HANNITY: Oh, they certainly will. They always get the last word and rightly so.All right. Joining us now the co-host of the hit show "The Five", Jessica Tarlov, FOX News contributor Katie Pavlich, and "Outnumbered" co-host Kayleigh McEnany.You know, there is there's a one issue in New Hampshire that just irritates me, and that is I don't like this open primary. They have a lot of registered independents, about 4,000 Democrats that re-registered as independent so they could vote in the Republican primary, some to I would argue wreak havoc on the primary. I don't like that part.But that's a big number. Will that have a big effect tomorrow?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I don't think that the people who re-registered and they had to do that back in October. It wasn't something like they could end of --HANNITY: At the end of October 6.TARLOV: I thought it was like the 23rd. But it was a while ago, it wasn't, you know, a last minute, we're going to give you $10 if you go to do this.HANNITY: But there are groups pushing very hard for independents.TARLOV: There is -- and that always happens that people want folks to meddle in the system if they can, letting people remain an independent is interesting. It's different like in New York for instance where I vote, there are a lot of people who are really frustrated that they have to register with a party to have an impact at all. And so --HANNITY: When I lived in New York, I'm no longer a resident of New York.TARLOV: I've heard. Do you like Florida?HANNITY: I read a couple articles about that, but I was able to register as a conservative New York, yeah. So -- I but there -- often, the Republican was also on the conservative ticket.TARLOV: Oh, no, I just mean that if there's such a high number of people who identify as an independent, it's frustrating to be pushed into a bucket. And so, I think it actually is more reflective of you getting to make a choice that aligns with your policy preferences if you can stay an independent, and vote in the Democratic primary or --HANNITY: I don't like it because it just lends itself --TARLOV: Because it hurts Republicans?HANNITY: No, it could work the other way around, too. I just don't like -- it lends itself for people to meddle in other party's business and I think Republicans ought to decide who the Republican nominee is, end of sense.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Not Democrats, having the option to flip to vote in the Republican primary just so to wreak havoc, and then vote for Biden in the end.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, that may be a factor and if, you know, people who are Democrats who want to vote in the Republican primary by being independents going back and changing their voter affiliation, that's something that they're only doing short-term benefit, and if you're a Republican candidate trying to make your way through this process based on those kinds of votes, that's not a sustainable thing, that's like eating white bread instead of eating chicken, and having some protein for down the road, right?So we'll see if that plays out tomorrow in that impact but I'm looking at Democrats tomorrow. I mean, Joe Biden decided that New Hampshire was not -- you know, was too white, so they were going to throw New Hampshire under the bus move to South Carolina. Now, you have a little bit of this panic going on --HANNITY: They did throw Iowa and New Hampshire.PAVLICH: Now they're panicking about the fact that maybe because Joe Biden looks so weak at this point in his candidacy to maintain this, you know, stamina or lack of through the 2024 election against Donald Trump of all people, that that may add to the argument that he's incapable of doing so, and that Democrats have to do something about it.And so, the fact that they have to write him in tomorrow instead of just waving it off and saying he's strong enough to go without New Hampshire I think is a bigger story.HANNITY: I think that was a big mistake on their part. Kayleigh?KAYLEIGH MCENANY, CO-HOST OF "OUTNUMBERED": Oh, it was a huge mistake on their part. Look, he came in, what was it, a fifth place in New Hampshire and so, he said we're going to move South Carolina up. It's more friendly to me politically. He's an incumbent president, incumbent presidents have a lot of power within the party and the DNC is really at his will.But you could see a headline tomorrow -- I don't think a reporter willing to write this headline, but you could see a headline tomorrow Joe Biden gets less of a percentage of the vote within his party than Donald Trump in his party who is not an incumbent. There's a universe in which Donald Trump tomorrow could get 60 percent of the vote and Donald Trump could look more like Lyndon B. Johnson who was a write in candidate who got I believe it was 47 percent. Eugene McCarthy just behind him and then he ended up pulling out because it exhibited --HANNITY: Let me ask you this and I'll start with you, Kayleigh. Let's say that Donald Trump -- these polls that we have now been seeing for the last week showing Trump up 17, 18, 19, 20 points, if they hold tomorrow, if you're Nikki Haley -- you've got an important decision to make, because now we're talking about going into your home state and you're already down 30 in the polls, not a margin that's easily made up and I think she's run a great campaign. I thought Ron DeSantis ran an effective campaign and more ways than they got credit for, all 99 counties for example.But if you're Nikki Haley and you leave New Hampshire and you don't win New Hampshire or Iowa, and you're going to go to your home state, do you stay in or do you think four years from now I'll try again?MCENANY: If it's not within single digits, I don't see why you stay in. Nate Cohn at "The New York Times" wrote, if she doesn't prevail in New Hampshire, the only states that look even somewhat friendly to her begin to be Vermont in the state of -- and the District of Columbia. So you've got two options there, both of which are going to be drowned out by the fact that Trump's going to dominate in South Carolina, dominate in Nevada, dominate on Super Tuesday.So I don't see a path unless she thinks that she needs to be a credible number two or there's some other motive involved, because if he gets majority support, I mean, you're going to lose your home state.HANNITY: Katie?PAVLICH: Look, you can't say she hasn't put in the work and done what she wanted to do on the campaign trail. But she's had a really rough week. She came in third in Iowa, you have some of her big donors saying that they were going to see her through South Carolina. Now, they're going to wait and see what happens in New Hampshire. You have Tim Scott who was put into place in his Senate seat by Nikki Haley when she was the governor coming out and endorsing President Donald Trump's, being with him tonight in New Hampshire, the night before this primary where she's hoping to gain some last minute momentum to keep her campaign afloat.You had Nancy Mace who campaigned and had Nikki Haley come out for her in South Carolina in a very tough re-election against a MAGA Trump candidate and Nancy Mace endorsed Donald Trump. So, it's not just a matter of money. It's also a matter of, you know, support and where the party is unifying and, yeah, she'll have to decide what she's going to do. And I understand it's very difficult to say I'm walking away especially from a presidential campaign, but the numbers and this support just --HANNITY: So, if we're looking at a rematch and it's going to be Joe Biden versus Donald Trump, okay, so Joe Biden is a cognitive mess, you agree.TARLOV: No.HANNITY: You don't agree with that?TARLOV: No.HANNITY: Not at all?TARLOV: I don't. No. I certainly think that he has slowed down from 2020.HANNITY: Slowed down a little?TARLOV: Yeah, you want to talk -- you want to talk cognitive decline? Yeah, I've got my montage.HANNITY: Nikki Haley mixed up with Nancy Pelosi one time and a guy that can speak for hours straight without making a mistake. There's not comparison.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: Just rambling is not speaking for hours straight including things like look what happens when I put magnets in water and when I beat Obama in 2016.HANNITY: You sound like fake Jake Tapper.TARLOV: No, I don't sound like fake Tapper. I sound like real Jessica Tarlov.And it's not a small thing if Joe Biden had confused Nikki Haley and Nancy Pelosi, so they have in common, the first letter of their names that they're both a woman --HANNITY: He has not had an effective -- he has not had an incident free speech or appearance where either he mumbled, bumbled and stumbles --TARLOV: He did actually, his January 6 speech.(CROSSTALK)PAVLICH: They hide him from the press.HANNITY: Or somebody has to escort him stage left or stage right, because he has no clue where to go.PAVLICH: They hide him from the press. They don't let him speak to reporters. They keep him on a very short leash for a reason, and that's something have to deal with when it comes to who the nominee is.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: If you guys think that people are sitting at home and watching Donald Trump talk about Joe Biden's going to get us into World War II, or I need an ID to buy a loaf of bread or that we're going to buy actually -- this is all intentional, I'm trying to throw you off the scent, the man is bragging about passing a test that you need to pass if you have a brain damage.HANNITY: Let me throw this Kayleigh because we're running out of time.I find this amazing, Joe Biden has been a cognitive mess and almost every night I played tapes on this show and then there's three mistakes of Donald Trump and --TARLOV: Fair and balanced.HANNITY: Now, now, the guy that aced a real cognitive test. Go ahead. You do that.MCENANY: The bottom line is the assessment of the American people and you look at any poll, Suffolk, USA Today, it doesn't matter the poll, NBC, ABC, two-thirds do not believe that Joe Biden's mentally fit to be president. There's a reason why, apparently his press team was in the White House and takes a tally of every time his age is mentioned because he knows it's a huge problem for him.HANNITY: His whole staff the world knows. The only one that doesn't know -- Jessica, I'm going to send tapes to your house.TARLOV: I don't need -- I see that every day on "The Five" and I love being here. You play me a montage all that you want, but how embarrassing then for Trump that --HANNITY: I play you all the montage.More "Hannity" as we continue live from New Hampshire. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. Please tune in tomorrow night. Our coverage of the New Hampshire primary, Kellyanne Conway, Tim Scott, Byron Donalds, so much more right here on our set with results of the New Hampshire first in the nation primary.Well, anyway, please set your DVR. Never miss an episode of "Hannity". Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face.