(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The one thing you quickly discover about New Hampshire voters is, they don't want to have polls decide or telegraph what they will do.And, more often than not, some of those polls don't remotely turn out to match the actual vote. So, when we have had a chance to go out and talk to people here, they say the same thing: Don't tell me how I'm going to vote.They look at trends and events that can change often hour by hour, let alone day by day. And, in this state, where it's all on the line, they greatly take pride in knowing they are the first primary state in the nation. They plan to take full advantage of that and keep the rest of us guessing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I definitely support Trump. I'm an accountant, studying accounting. And Nikki keeps saying she wants an accountant in the White House. I think it's a good idea, but not her.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think that, right now, we have the highest level in -- of enthusiasm that anybody's ever seen, ever!(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: More people need to register to vote. More people need to get out to vote. I think...CAVUTO: Do you have a candidate yourself?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do I have a candidate myself? Yes. For now, I'm supporting Nikki Haley.NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Get out tomorrow. Take five friends with you. If you do that, Chris says he's bringing good weather. We will have a great day in New Hampshire.CAVUTO: Do you have a preference for a candidate yourself? You just want to see a Republican?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, I definitely have a preference. The first president I never voted for was Donald Trump. He's going to be my third vote this time around. There's no way I would ever vote for anybody but Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: And now it really is a two-person race, and Nikki Haley making several campaign appearances is in New Hampshire today, former President Donald Trump set to hold a rally here tonight, and, in his case, with a Marvel cast of characters and former opponents, to boot.It's all about showcasing Trump, the unstoppable superhero. Talk about big productions, and talk about an out-of-this-world" Your World," and it all starts now.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto. I had to rush back in that interim from New Hampshire. I just did it in seconds, this Marvel theme. Very happy to have you, everybody.Let's get right to it with Alexis McAdams right now in New Hampshire on how the candidates are sort of counting down with hours to go -- Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Yes, just hours left here in the first-in-the-nation primary state, and the candidates are on the ground working to try and gain voter support. Hey, Nikki Haley, right, Neil, wanted a two-person race, and that's what she has.But Donald Trump says that she can't handle being in the White House. She continues to fire back at him here on the ground. But both candidates can agree on one thing. They're happy to see that the field is narrowing. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I'd like to take time to congratulate Ron DeSantis...(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: ... and, of course, a really terrific person who I have gotten to know, his wife, Casey, for having run a great campaign for president. He did. He ran a really good campaign.HALEY: This comes, down to what do you want? Do you want more of the same, or do you want something new? Do you want to go back to a country where they decide who's a good person, who's a bad person, who's the right person, who's the wrong person?(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Both candidates, though, on the ground, working to connect with voters one-on-one. Neil, you have seen it too.Trump's holding those large rallies that are like a party-like atmosphere filled with big crowds. Today, he will be with Senator Tim Scott and Vivek Ramaswamy -- Ramaswamy, rather, in the Granite State, as Haley's been hitting several mid-size events across New Hampshire, trying to connect one-on-one.But what do voters here think? Well, according to the latest Monmouth University/Washington Post poll, 52 percent of potential voters say they plan to vote for Trump in Tuesday's Republican presidential primary, 34 percent picking Haley.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I voted for President Trump last two times. The only concern I had this time was the fact he only had four years.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, I'm supporting Nikki Haley, for sure. I'm a Christian conservative woman, and I'm ready for Nikki to heal the wounds that are present in our country today.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And Nikki Haley's team tells me they have raised at least $500,000 a county, Neil, from grassroots efforts after Ramaswamy -- or after DeSantis, rather, dropped out of the race. So there is a lot more support heading Nikki Haley's way.So we will keep you posted on what else happens, Neil.CAVUTO: Thank you for that, Alexis McAdams, following all of that.we were also following all the candidates when we were there, and one of the things that struck me in meeting with Nikki Haley is that she's not focused on the polls, even though the gap between her and Donald Trump has widened. This is from yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HALEY: To me, the poll's going to matter on Tuesday.What I will tell you is...CAVUTO: And you think you can win the state?HALEY: It's not about winning the state. I have been consistent from the very beginning. What I said is, I want to be strong in Iowa. I want to be even stronger in New Hampshire. And then I want to be stronger than that in South Carolina.CAVUTO: So strong in New Hampshire doesn't mean necessarily winning it, just being a strong second?HALEY: We won't know until the numbers come out.CAVUTO: Fair enough.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, I apologize. That was from Saturday on my Saturday show.Let's go to Meridith McGraw on all of this, the Politico national political correspondent, also Francesca Chambers, USA Today White House correspondent.Francesca, your sense here from these polls that obviously look pretty difficult for Nikki Haley. She says she's not focused on them, but she had been and her campaign had been hoping to win New Hampshire. That still might happen, and this might tighten up, but it doesn't look good now. But she says that isn't the story. So what is?FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, USA TODAY: Well, Neil, here on the eve of the New Hampshire primary, Nikki Haley and her campaign clearly lowering expectations for her finish tomorrow in New Hampshire.And they have said that she needs to be strong, but, much like Iowa, without saying what strong actually means, what that would have to be. But even some of her supporters who I have spoken to, Neil, says that she has to bring it within 10 points of Donald Trump for it to be a strong finish, for her to have the momentum that she would need to go into South Carolina, her home state.And at one point in the last few weeks, she was closer to Trump, in the single digits, in that CNN poll. But even since then, their polling has showed Trump pulling away with it again. These small events she's been having, the retail events with small businesses with Chris Sununu, the governor here, have just been no match for those massive rallies that Donald Trump is having in the state.CAVUTO: Meridith, you have to wonder, though, what would push her out of the race. You could argue, at this point, it's in her best interest to stay in the race, sort of as the last man, or woman in this case, standing, in case something happens to Donald Trump, right?MERIDITH MCGRAW, SENIOR NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, POLITICO: Well, Nikki Haley's campaign have so far indicated that, no matter what happens tomorrow, that she is going to be continuing on to South Carolina.They bought ad buys in the state. They have said see you on Wednesday that she's going to be showing up. But she really has a tough uphill climb tomorrow in New Hampshire's primary. The polling continues to show that Donald Trump has a double-digit lead over her. And if there ever is a state where Nikki Haley could best Trump, it would be New Hampshire.The electorate, of course, has a famously moderate and an independent streak. And 40 percent of the state's electorate is independent. But she's really going to have to make sure that those undeclared independent voters come out in basically record numbers to, I think, put her over the edge here.And so that's going to be a really tough battle for her tomorrow.CAVUTO: Francesca, one of the things I was looking at as well is how Donald Trump is handling her in a typical fashion here. Any active candidate against him, he goes full throttle on. He did it with Ron DeSantis and then since made up when DeSantis bowed out of the race, but he's still going full bear against Nikki Haley.And many have focused on comments he made that they have been deemed to think racist. I raised that with her on Saturday. This is from Nikki Haley.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: He has revved up the name-calling with you, and now a new nickname for you is Nimra. It's a playoff your birth name. Then it's Nimarata. And he goes back and forth.But a lot of people are interpreting that as racial zingers. Do you see it that way?HALEY: I don't -- politics is not personal for me. But what this does...CAVUTO: But what do you think of that? What do you think is going on?HALEY: I mean, it's what he does. This is what he does when he feels insecure. This is what he does when he feels threatened. I worked with him. I know exactly how he is.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: What do you make of that?CHAMBERS: Well, Nikki Haley is trying to sidestep what you again described and others have described as racially charged comments. She has chosen not to focus on what she says is the personal attacks. She wants to focus on the substantive attacks.She has instead talked about the retirement age for Social Security. She has instead talked about the gas tax, two things that Trump has hit her on. And she has refuted his attacks and said that he's -- quote, unquote -- "lying" about her.But when your colleague Bret Baier did ask him about that last night, he then said he was playing off of her given name, her Indian American given name. And he also then said that, like, something about wherever she came from.And she has refuted that as well, noting that she is from South Carolina. And that's the state that she plans to go to next.CAVUTO: I don't know this plays out, and take the former president face value here that there's no racial intent here, but he has a habit of doing this kind of stuff. And it's not affecting him, certainly didn't affect him in Iowa.It doesn't appear at this point right now, Meridith, to be hurting him in New Hampshire. So it gets back to this issue. If he can get 50 percent or more of the vote in Iowa, an evangelical, conservative, religious state, and pull off the same in a very different kind of state in New Hampshire, then what?MCGRAW: Well, I think, for Donald Trump, his campaign is going to have to really work hard on bringing in some of those Nikki Haley supporters if he does go on to win tomorrow night, and how he's able to do that is going to be a big question moving forward.The Trump campaign is really trying to show a unity. Tonight, he's having Senator Tim Scott, Vivek Ramaswamy, and Doug Burgum, all three of his former 2024 rivals, come up on stage as sort of a show of force there. And, of course, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis endorsed Trump, and it's expected that a lot of his supporters are going to be backing Donald Trump.But as we look ahead to the general, if Donald Trump is able to pull this off and secure the nomination, how he's able to pull over some of these non-Trump voters, I think, is going to be a potential hurdle for him.CAVUTO: Real quickly on that, Francesca, if he is somehow able to wrap it up this early, I mean, it's based on 100,000 or so people voting in Iowa, 50,000 of whom went to Donald Trump. It's about 300,000 voting likely in New Hampshire. I don't know what the final figure will be.But we could find ourselves with fewer than 400,000 people voting speaking for close to 350 million Americans this early on, now, again, in one party's nominating contest. But that just seems odd, but it is what it is. What do you make of that?CHAMBERS: Well, the secretary of state in New Hampshire has predicted that there will be roughly 320,000 people, give or take, voting in the state of New Hampshire.But Nikki Haley's allies say that it could be even higher, 330,000 to 340,000. And they can only hope that it will be higher.CAVUTO: Right.CHAMBERS: Because a higher turnout most likely would benefit Nikki Haley, if more of those independents come out to vote for her. New Hampshire does have a large share of independents.I mean, it's a -- the number of independents here are larger than the number of registered Republicans, so she certainly needs to turn out registered Republicans and bring them over to her side as well. But the independents could be the difference-maker here.CAVUTO: All right, again, it would be based on fewer than half-a-million people voting thus far before potentially the Republican nomination, as some see it, is all sewn up.Too early to tell, but, ladies, we will be watching it.In the meantime, we were watching something that you might have noticed in the corner of your screen here. The Dow has never been higher than this, 38000. It eclipsed that level in the closing minutes of the trading day. That is a new record, S&P 500 also hitting a record.Technology stocks -- remember those Magnificent 7 technology stocks? Even more magnificent right now. The wind at their proverbial back is an improvement on the interest rate front and the notion that we have again found this sweet spot where the Federal Reserve will still cut interest rates. The devil is in the details on exactly when, but the growing betting is, an election year, where the Dow and the major markets typically run up 7 to 8 percent, that is on top of what you're seeing now, that it will continue.Meanwhile, Hal Lambert, who's very good at picking apart the markets, might have made the bad pick and the wrong pick with Ron DeSantis. He doesn't think so. A big money backer of the Florida governor and what he sees happening for him and for this contest -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: When we had a chance to interview Ron DeSantis last Friday, little did we know it would be his last interview as a presidential candidate. He would the next day step out of the race.And that raised a whole lot of issues as to what happens now. But it was a very revealing chat when we got down to brass tacks and what happened in Iowa, how he was unable to win a single county in Iowa after visiting all 99, and then getting his sense of his own future and the choices he made. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Do you regret making the move this year? There are many who are saying you're a young man. You could wait it out, wait until '28. What do you think, in retrospect?GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): I didn't run to be somebody. I ran to do something.2024 is a time for choosing for this country. If we have four more years of this, we're going to be in a tough time to dig out of it. I think it'll take perhaps a generation. I have always been skeptical about Donald Trump's ability to win a general election, and I remain that.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, as I said, that was his last interview as a presidential candidate.And, Haley, there are a lot of questions being raised.I'm talking to Hal Lambert, to many of you, a former DeSantis campaign donor, very, very big in the financial markets as well, Point Bridge Capital founder and CEO.You put your money and a lot of your heart into this campaign. It didn't work out. What do you think?HAL LAMBERT, DESANTIS DONOR: Well, I will tell you, Governor DeSantis is a great man. He and his family are great. I got to know them better than ever. He's a class act.And, yes, it just didn't work out this time. But I had a call with the governor this morning, with some others, went through analysis on where things stand and where -- why he dropped out. And he just -- there wasn't a path. And he had said earlier that, if there wasn't a path, he wasn't going to just stay in this to keep going.And he had to make the decision, do you stay in through New Hampshire? If you do, you're all the way. You ought to stay through Super Tuesday, which would require a lot more money.CAVUTO: Yes.LAMBERT: Because South Carolina was going to be difficult too. So that's the path. He dropped out early and endorsed President Trump, and I support that move that he made.CAVUTO: Al, you're the expert on these things. I'm not. But maybe I stand apart from a lot of people who said, what did he do wrong? The reality was, he's running against a former president, a very popular former president who got even more so when it looked like a legal pile-on with all of these court cases and the 91 indictments, whether you buy them, accept them, or not.It galvanized support for him in a way that might not have materialized. In fact, this might be a competitive race now without any of that. What do you think of that?LAMBERT: Absolutely correct, Neil.I mean, if you look at the polling back in March, they were really close actually.CAVUTO: Right.LAMBERT: And as soon as that Alvin Bragg -- as soon as that Bragg indictment came out, the polling started to spread out and then you had more pile-ons of other indictments, and it just never reversed out.I mean, Donald Trump had people rallied around him at that point. It became very difficult. And he had the incumbency, like you said. I mean, look Ford beat Reagan back in the '70s, and Ford had the incumbency and Reagan was a great candidate, but Ford beat him out.CAVUTO: Yes.LAMBERT: And so most people running, the first time they run, most don't win the first time. Usually, it's the second time around that people end up getting the nomination.CAVUTO: You will second-guess forever, Hal, maybe like you do with investments. You have got a pretty good track record when it comes there, woulda, shoulda gotten this stock. A lot of people say, I should have bought that like 300 points ago.But having said that, with him, there was this argument, wait until 2028, because even if Donald Trump gets in, the fact of the matter is he can only be a one-termer. Now, did that ever come up,or did he take the Barack Obama cue or the Bill Clinton cue, take advantage, this is your moment, run now, it isn't going to come twice?LAMBERT: Yes.No, I don't think there was a view about that. I think it was really about, was Governor DeSantis -- he'd done a great job. He won by almost 20 points in Florida.CAVUTO: Right.LAMBERT: And we felt like this was the momentum and the time to do it.And, again, there was the factor of one term for Trump and that kind of thing. And you look at it and go, from a standpoint of strategic reasons, it did make sense for him to run. It just didn't work out. But I will say this, Neil.The other thing that happened too, that there was a lot of donor money that went to Nikki Haley. And there were massive amounts of negative attack ads all through Iowa to push down Governor DeSantis' support there.CAVUTO: Right.LAMBERT: I think that was a big factor as well.And the problem with it all is that if you look at a multiperson primary, you really need to look at the second choice for voters when you're looking at that and making decisions. And the vast majority, the second choice for DeSantis voters, 90-plus percent was Trump. When you look at Nikki's second choice, 80 plus to 90 percent were DeSantis, not Trump.So if you ever looked at who do you -- who should get out of the race and when they should get out, if you weren't wanting Trump, it was very clear that it was Nikki Haley that should get out. If DeSantis got out, all that vote was going to go to Trump. He would have won Iowa by even more. And I suspect New Hampshire is going to happen -- all of that vote for -- it could be 6 to 9 percent is going to go from DeSantis to Trump in New Hampshire.So, it really...(CROSSTALK)LAMBERT: ... Nikki that he got out.CAVUTO: Yes, but who really cares at this point, right?I mean, you could have also made the argument, because she's the last woman or candidate standing right now as the backup to Donald Trump in case something happens to him. He could have been that guy or one of two remaining candidates, and he chose not to do that. He built up a powerful base. He had that opportunity.He could have waited this out to see how things would go. Why didn't he?LAMBERT: Well, again, because South Carolina, it was going to be a winner- take-all.CAVUTO: Right.LAMBERT: And so to compete there, you're going to spend a lot of money. And it was going to be difficult with Trump winning both Iowa and likely New Hampshire to compete there.And then you would go to Super Tuesday, where it's proportional, so you don't have to win those winner-take-alls. But that was going to require a lot of money. So it was really out of his hands.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But weren't you looking forward to a strong Super Tuesday or something like that?As his money guy then, what do you do? I mean, there are a lot of people who would love to have some of your money and support. What are you going to do?LAMBERT: Look, I'm backing Donald Trump. I mean, I'm there for him and I will support him. And so we will see what they want me to do as far as helping. I'm happy to get involved.We have got to win this against Biden. Trump is clearly going to be the nominee. I think he's going to dominate New Hampshire. And I think Nikki drops out shortly after New Hampshire, because, into South Carolina, she's going to lose her home state.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Why should she drop out? Why wouldn't she want to be the one fallback just in case, break glass, just in case?(LAUGHTER)LAMBERT: Well, there's a lot of money to do that, I mean, if people are going to back her to do that.CAVUTO: Yes.LAMBERT: But, I mean, she will lose state after state after state.The base just isn't with Nikki. So it'll be -- It'll be really tough for her. And I will say this, Nick. I want -- Neil, I want to add one other thing to this. I'm really curious about who Trump picks for his V.P. choice. I'm going to throw a suggestion out there that no one's talking about and I think it would be very beneficial to him.I think Governor Abbott would be a tremendous choice for him. I think he brings a lot to the table. He understands the border. He understands Mexico. We have the largest oil reserves in the world. He understands energy. He can help raise a lot of money. He's into that donor world.And I think he could probably stop a No Labels candidate potentially happening, because there's a number of billionaires that he knows that are wanting that. So I think he brings a lot to the table. I hope they look at him as an option, because I think he'd be an excellent choice as a vice president for Donald Trump.CAVUTO: Meanwhile, for your guy, Ron DeSantis, any role that you could foresee for him in a Trump Cabinet, if it ever gets to that point?LAMBERT: Well, not currently.CAVUTO: OK.LAMBERT: I think I think he plans to go back to Florida, where he already has.And he's -- the legislature is in session. He's going to do a lot this cycle.CAVUTO: Sure.LAMBERT: And we will see what happens in the fall. And then we will go from there.CAVUTO: Yes. He's got about three years to go. That's an active term.Very good seeing you again, Hal. Thank you very much.All right, Hal Lambert.In the meantime here, a lot of attention the Democratic side, because the president of the United States isn't even on the ballot. There's a frantic move to write him in. It gets weird.Madison Alworth has more -- Madison.MADISON ALWORTH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Neil, it definitely gets weird. Consider this, an incumbent president running for reelection not on the ballot in the first-in-the-nation primary.We're going to break it all down, those that are stumping for him, and what this means for the DNC after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Bet you didn't know that the president of the United States isn't even on the ballot in New Hampshire. Bet you didn't know exactly why that is.And I bet you didn't know how Democrats there are responding to that -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: In New Hampshire, it's really the Republican battle that's getting the attention. That's not to say the Democrats aren't running in their own primary, but here's the thing.President Joe Biden isn't even on the ballot. I don't even know the last time something like that happened. But it is a reminder just how little attention Democrats are paying to this particular state. But be careful how you look at the significance of that, because those who ignore New Hampshire -- I'm thinking Rudy Giuliani back in 2008 -- often live to regret it.MARIANNE WILLIAMSON (D), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's outrageous, actually, the idea that the DNC feels entitled to just anoint the president.I'm old enough to remember when I was a teenager. Lyndon Johnson was an incumbent president and Eugene McCarthy primaried him.CAVUTO: The president of the United States is not on the Democratic ballot in New Hampshire. It is a little weird.REP. DEAN PHILLIPS (D-MN), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's more than weird. It's ridiculous. Our country was established to prevent the very core nation that we are seeing expressed right now. That's why Marianne Williamson and I are trying to wake people up.It's a hypocrisy of democracy.CAVUTO: You have to write him in. Why isn't he on the ballot?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's not on the ballot because of a change in the calendar that does not recognize the results of the New Hampshire primary. But we don't care what the DNC says. We're here to support Joe Biden and we're going to write his name in on Tuesday.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, but what if not enough people do write his name in? What if he suffers a huge embarrassment, loses the state that he's expected to lose in this situation, where, of course, you only have to vote for him by writing him in? Then what?What will be the fallout of that?Madison Alworth has been following this odd development in Manchester -- Madison.ALWORTH: Hi, Neil.Yes, the supporters of the president are very concerned that his name is not on the ballot. They want to do whatever they can to make sure that he wins the state, which is why we're seeing this big push, a grassroots campaign called -- quote -- "Write in Biden."But let's take a step back and figure out why we're here. So this is all happening, Biden is not on the ballot because last year he instructed the DNC to change up the primary calendar making South Carolina the first-in- the-nation primary. New Hampshire, they did not comply. And as a result, the DNC says this is an unsanctioned primary, going as far as to call it meaningless.Biden has not been in the state, but his friends, well, they have been, lending their support to the write-in Biden campaign. Senator Maggie Hassan both stumped for the president, but also criticized the DNC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MAGGIE HASSAN (D-NH): The president knows my feelings and those of the entire delegation very, very well. We have addressed our concerns with him directly and it was a very bad decision and we have been very clear that that's what we think.(END VIDEO CLIP)ALWORTH: Now, the write-in Biden campaign has been putting in the work. And, according to the polls, it looks like Biden should win the state.And, again, there's nothing official here determining what a win is. Everyone within the Biden, write-in Biden camp has been saying a win will be getting that majority. Now, Biden's two main opponents who are vying for those votes, they have been openly critical of this decision. They're attacking the DNC.Over the weekend, Williamson said to you that the DNC wants to anoint the president. Phillips claims the DNC is suppressing votes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PHILLIPS: I have been a Democrat my whole life, been investing in it, been enabling it, been representing it. To have the audacity to tell you that your extraordinary 103 year tradition of a first-in-the-nation primary, that you take so seriously, that you execute so beautifully, is meaningless, the audacity of any party that would say that, it's shameful.(END VIDEO CLIP)ALWORTH: A write-in campaign, that is an uphill battle, but we are talking about one of the most recognizable names in America -- Neil.CAVUTO: To put it mildly. Madison, great reporting, as always.Madison Alworth following that .The other story we're following is the border right now, and Donald Trump holding Republicans very, very much to, you better be careful what you come up with and it better be a perfect deal. That's his way of saying, this one that they're at least debating isn't that -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right the Supreme Court for now, for now, letting Border Patrol agents remove Texas razor-wire fencing, this is Texas Military Department continues right now to build a fortress of fencing to keep migrants from crossing.The back-and-forth on this far from settled.Danamarie McNicholl in Eagle Pass, Texas with more -- Danamarie McNicholl.DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Neil, the decision came down just about an hour ago.And here in Shelby Park, as you can see behind me, rows and rows of razor wire line the Rio Grande. That could quickly change. Right now, we're not seeing Border Patrol in the park removing any of that, but, like we said, we don't know what is to come.I do want to step out of the way to get a better look at what Texas State Troopers have been doing for the past weekend, installing hundreds of yards of this razor wire in Shelby Park, which is city-owned property that the state of Texas has seized control of with armed soldiers and also kicked out the federal government.Now, Texas State Troopers have been arresting migrants who tamper with the razor wire while crossing illegally, charging them with criminal trespassing. But we don't know if that's going to continue or for how long. The reason Texas DPS took on this role of arresting those migrants was because Border Patrol was ordered out of the park.Now the justices by a 5-4 vote granted an emergency appeal from the Biden administration allowing Border Patrol agents to cut the wire that Texas has installed, at least while the lawsuit over the wire continues.Texas Governor Greg Abbott defended his strategy earlier today before the decision on "Mornings With Maria."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): This is an invasion by people. We don't know who they are, where they're coming from or the danger they may pose. And so it's right for Texas to have taken up the steps that we have taken to crack down on the illegal crossings.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCNICHOLL: Now, we did reach out to Governor Greg Abbott for his response. Haven't heard back just yet.The question, Neil, is, what's going to happen next? Could we see a significant state and federal showdown?CAVUTO: All right, Dana, thank you very much.Danamarie McNicholl on all of that.Now on the phone with us is Republican Congressman Tony Gonzales of Texas, sits on the House Homeland Security Committee.Congressman, always good to have you.Where do you think this is going? What do you think of this Supreme Court move to essentially de-fence the fence?REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): Hey, Neil. Thank you for having me back on.First off, there is no amount of razor wire that will prevent somebody who's traveled 2,000 miles from turning around. And I'd like for us to talk about how do we suspend somebody from even starting that journey. We're talking about the very end, when we should be talking about the very beginning.Texas -- in Texas' defense, we're doing everything we possibly can to try to just keep our heads above water. And so it's all a mess. It's why I'm here in Mexico City. It's the second time I have been to Mexico in the last 10 months. I'm with Chairman McCaul. He chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee.And we're just looking for real solutions. We're meeting with Mexican officials and just trying to get to some real tangible solutions today.CAVUTO: Do you trust the Mexicans, though? They talk a good game, but they're watching all of this happen. They're watching the cartels go by and just bravely go ahead and take practically selfies of what they're doing. That's Mexico. That's not us.GONZALES: Yes, you bring up a good point.And you know what? We, Congress, cannot just allow the administration to be the only game in town. You see the administration come down and interact with the Mexican government. Congress needs to do a better job of -- we're the power of the purse. I sit on the Appropriations Committee.We give foreign aid to Mexico and other countries. And so we need to have a seat at the table to go, here's the deal. We will always be neighbors, but we need to be partners in solving this crisis. And it is a crisis. And if you're not willing to have that relationship, then there's going to be different measures that are going to be taken.But Congress has to absolutely have a seat at the table and force some partnership.CAVUTO: That doesn't happen. And both sides are loggerheads here. And the betting seems to be that there will be no decision how to deal with this, and it's up to the new president, whoever that will be, to deal with.Do you buy that?GONZALES: It's all -- it's a lot of people that are just punting to the next presidency.CAVUTO: Yes.GONZALES: Our delegation met with both the leading candidates, Senator Galvez and former Mayor Sheinbaum. We have met with both of them to kind of have this discussion to go, look, this problem isn't going to get solved in the next four months, but, long term, we want to have a relationship where Mexico is doing their part and the United States is doing our part.Part of what we have been trying to do is also hold the Biden administration accountable. Hey, just do your job. Get Border Patrol to enforce the laws, so, that way, Texas DPS and Texas sheriffs don't have to fill that gap. And House Republicans are committed to keep pushing that until we get real results.CAVUTO: The border seems to be the immediate match here. And I think both sides would acknowledge that, but there's a reluctance with either side giving in or the administration appearing to give in to Republican wishes to strengthen that border.In fact, now you get these court decisions that make that a lot more difficult. So, I'm just wondering if that means that this part of a security agreement doesn't come to pass at all.GONZALES: Yes, there is a lot of money in the water. You bring up a good point. And the courts seem to be as busy as ever.So, once again, I think it's where Congress needs to start leading. Yes, we have a slim majority. House Republicans have a slim majority, but that shouldn't matter. We have a majority. And we need to sit down with the administration and say, hey, these are the changes that need to happen.Enough with the finger-pointing. No, it's your fault. It's your fault.CAVUTO: Right.GONZALES: I think the American public demands something to be changed today.CAVUTO: We shall see.Congressman, thank you for all your hard work, Tony Gonzales of the beautiful state of Texas.GONZALES: Thank you.CAVUTO: He's been trying to get this settled, crisscrossing the same -- both sides of the border.We will keep you posted on that.Also keeping you posted on some new news concerning American and British forces and these large joint scale strikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.We will provide the details and the significance of this, because the more we attack Yemen, the more they counterattack us. So if we're trying to take out that capability, so far, it's not working.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we are getting details scant as they are of this joint U.S.-British military exercise, more than an exercise. They actually bomb multiple sites, attacking Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.This is the second time they have done so. This comes about 10 days after the same countries, U.S. and British warships and fighter jets struck more than 60 targets in some 28 locations. No details as to how many targets, how many locations this go-around.To General Jack Keane, the U.S. four-star general, retired, a FOX News senior strategic analyst, Institute for the Study of War. He's the real deal from the very beginning.General, good to see you.What do you make of these follow-up attacks?GEN. JACK KEANE (RET.), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Well, I think that's absolutely what is needed. It has to be sustained. They need to be, obviously, comprehensive. We saw that at the outset.It looks like we are stepping up to a sustained campaign. So that's job one. I mean, what we have got here, they're going to continue to shoot the rockets and missiles that they have. And what we need to do is just take those away from them. So this is a -- they have a finite number, rockets, missiles, command-and-control, radar systems and launchers.Those are the main targets here, and a sustained campaign to do that. We -- public sources indicate about 25, 30 percent Neil have been taken down. So there's a lot of capability that's still there.Secondly, Iran is shipping rockets and missiles to them as we speak, and we have got to interfere and intercept that, whether it's going by sea. Most of it, some of it may be going by air, as Iran ships a lot of its missiles into Lebanon by cargo commercial aircraft.And what the Israelis do is, they wait to be unloaded and put in a warehouse, and then they airstrike it right in the vicinity of the Damascus International Airport. Much the same needs to be done here if they're shipping by air. I don't have a feel for how much is actually going that way.But both of these things have to be done. Take down what exists and stop the transshipment and the supply chain that Iran is providing to the Houthis.And then I think the third thing, Neil, and we have discussed it before, Iran is behind all the proxies' activities. And you have to hold them accountable. We have got to reset the strategy to do that, hold them accountable diplomatically, isolate them with our allies and partners economically, go back to maximum sanctions, get our allies and partners involved.And then the people who are supervising and directing them are the so- called IRGC folks...CAVUTO: Right.KEANE: ... and take down their bases and training centers and deal with their leaders, much as Reagan and Trump did with both of those in the past.CAVUTO: If I could switch gears quickly, they're waiting for this security agreement, if it ever comes to pass, would include whatever efforts we want to make to strengthen the border, but it would include as well aid for Ukraine and the like.And already we have heard from Donald Trump, who's rising in the polls right now, might wrap up this nomination earlier than anyone thought. He's not a fan of that ongoing effort. What do you make of that?KEANE: Well, I don't get involved in anybody's political campaign or what their policies are, but I will say in terms of policies dealing with Ukraine, I mean, I think any incoming president, not obviously one who's succeeding himself, but an incoming president, is going to get classified briefings on what the consequences of not providing aid to Ukraine are.That's number one. And, number two, would likely speak to President Zelenskyy and how he feels about all of that. And I will make a comment. I mean, President Trump, when you look at the four years in office, similar to other presidents, I mean, he has reversed policies.And he did that for his own reasons, new information, more persuasive information.CAVUTO: OK.KEANE: So I don't get too much involved in any of that in terms of right now.But, certainly, aiding Ukraine has dire consequences if we don't provide aid to them. We lose it, we lose Ukraine, and we invite Russia to move on to Europe. That's the reality of what we're facing.CAVUTO: General, thank you very much. I just wanted to get an update from you and what you thought of all of this. I appreciate that.In the meantime, appreciating the magnitude of what is at stake in the big vote in New Hampshire tomorrow, where coming in second can be a good thing. It depends how close a second.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Sometimes, in primary races, it's not about winning, but beating expectations.In 1992, Bill Clinton was crowned the comeback kid because he came in second in New Hampshire after being given up for finish, losing Iowa and then thought about getting trash in that state. It didn't happen. So, sometimes, that can lead you to a new life. And, of course, he had that.Neil Levesque join us right now, the New Hampshire Institute of Politics executive director at Saint Anselm College.Neil, a lot's on the line right now for Nikki Haley. She has to do well. I'm told a close second would help, but right now, if the polls are right, she's not in a close second. So how do you judge that?NEIL LEVESQUE, SAINT ANSELM COLLEGE: Well, she obviously has to do really well here. She's competed very hard here and she's been a good campaigner here.But, obviously, the expectations are, when you're in a one-on-one race and the other person wins, it's a tough place to be. Now, that being said, no votes have been cast yet. And we do the polling here in New Hampshire, and I'd be the first person to say that New Hampshire voters can surprise people.So, despite the conventional wisdom that's been going along with all the polling, I would wait to see what happens tomorrow, but certainly there are expectations in politics, and you have got to -- you have sort of got to meet them.CAVUTO: You know, Neil, what I don't understand, and I learned a lot talking to you this past weekend, that we're so early in this process, right? About 100,000 voted in Iowa. Donald Trump got 50,000 of that vote, maybe 300,000, 350,000 for the New Hampshire primary. You're better at guessing and gauging than I am.But that is still in a country of close to 350 million people -- I know they're not all voting and they're not all engaged -- to say a race is wrapped up, but what do you make of that?LEVESQUE: Well, the problem is, if you had any kind of national primary, it would just all be about who has the money and who can run the advertising.CAVUTO: Yes.LEVESQUE: And Nikki Haley right now is in a cafe someplace shaking hands with voters and taking questions and really being tested as a candidate.And so, in New Hampshire, what we do is we test candidates and it makes them stronger in the end, so that when the nominee of the party comes out, they're actually tested well through New Hampshire and the process. That's going to be the problem on the Democratic side, because, of course, the president is not campaigning, he's refusing to do so.And so as a result, the Democrats may not have a tested candidate in the end.CAVUTO: Donald Trump does well in a conservative, religious state like Iowa, does well in a state like New Hampshire that cuts more independent voters and the like.That's a good one-two punch, is it not?LEVESQUE: I think it is.And the thing about Donald Trump that we have seen -- and it's amazing really -- I have never seen anything like it -- is that he has a real glue with Republican primary voters that is without precedent. And he continues this now.So this is someone who's been on the ballot quite a bit.CAVUTO: Yes.LEVESQUE: He's been in the public eye for quite a while here. And yet this continues, despite all the controversy, courtrooms, everything else. He's got the glue with these voters.CAVUTO: Indeed, he does.Neil, good seeing you again, following all of that, a lot at stake, continuing coverage.First, "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.