NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I was there, too. But will I remember though, Meridith, is how cold it was. That's all I remember.Meridith McGraw, Politico reporter on those developments here.So, they're talking, that's promising. They're not saying overly nasty things about each other. That's kind of promising. We'll see. Here's THE FIVE.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, along with Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The White House is doubling down on a new border hoax. Two years after falsely accusing border agents of whipping migrants. The administration is now falsely claiming Texas Governor Greg Abbott for the tragic drowning deaths of three migrants.Last week, a mother and her two children drowned in the Rio Grande while attempting to cross the border. The White House not waiting for the facts, instead blasting out a statement that claims that Texas officials "blocked border agents from attempting a rescue by shutting down a part of a public park".And of course, the liberal media ate up every word.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In Texas, the Republican governor prevents federal officials who are trying to rescue a woman and her two children who drowned trying to cross a river in Texas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Agents were physically barred by Texas authorities from entering the area.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's been talking about how Texas has done everything except shoot these migrants and it almost sounds as though he was lamented, so he let them drown.MICHAEL STEELE, FORMER LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR OF MARYLAND: His troopers, his forces are preventing federal officials law enforcement from saving a life or lives in this case.SYMONE SANDERS-TOWNSEND, MSNBC HOST: These are families, these are mothers, children. I just -- I am actually just disgusted with where we have landed here.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But it was all a lie. Border Patrol was never blocked from saving them. Biden's own Department of Justice confirming the three migrants drowned one hour before Border Patrol even arrived at the gate to inform Texas and Texas officials are asking the Biden administration to correct the record about the migrant drownings, but the White House is standing by this smear.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Our statement is consistent with DOJ's filing. As the DOJ filing said there was an ongoing emergency situation that Border Patrol was blocked from accessing.There were other migrants in the water as well.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Then, why wasn't that included in the statement? That's what you were referring to.JEAN-PIERRE: There were other migrants in the water as well.HEINRICH: If that's what you were referring to?JEAN-PIERRE: Our statement does -- is very much consistent with DOJ filing. Anything else specific you want to know about that? I would certainly refer you to DOJ.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right. Jesse, the White House is lying here like they lied about whip gate a couple of years ago and they get away with it and there are no consequences. And most of the print media won't even write a correction.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: No, they recycle the propaganda. That's the game. There's so many hoaxes just in the last couple of weeks. Remember dictator on day one. The SEAL Team 6 assassination squad, Mar-a- Lago is only $18 million. Biden talks to Hunter's clients about the weather. Trump wants the economy to crash.I mean, that's just the last couple of weeks off the top of my head. Now you have that these people were drowning and Abbott blocked Biden's lifeguards from a rescue.We are going to face just such a torrent of disinformation this election year, it's going to be a struggle. And as they recycle the propaganda, they all tell us in the media, don't do your own research.Remember Phil Bump Washington Post, the guy that scrambled out of the podcast when he didn't know what the heck he was talking about with the laptop. He just prints this piece today. Doing your own research is a good way to end up being wrong.Now, this guy's a journalist who believes everything the government tells them and then writes it all down. Philip Bump is always wrong because he never does his research.Now as a journalist, I am constantly issuing clarifications. When I get new information, like if something is said by Harold or Jessica and then in the commercial break, we find out they're wrong. Next block, issue a clarification for the sake of the show because we don't want any disinformation out here.If Biden, Judge, really wanted to secure the border and stop the deaths, he would stop the asylum craziness. He would stop handing out free iPhones, bus tickets, and asylum to everybody in the third world.What they want to do and this is not me saying this. This is the Democrats saying this, they want people to pick the crops, they want people to have babies and they want to turn Texas blue. Again, not me saying it, that's them.And why are they attacking Greg Abbott? Because he's in a wheelchair. That's probably why they're doing this, ableists.PIRRO: All right, Harold doesn't having an open border and automatic catch and release with a bus and plane and a ferry available and extra service, doesn't that end up promoting illegal immigration and the deadly consequences that we're seeing here?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's good to be here. Two things, one, it does all those things. I was pleased to see -- I think the most important thing for me, there's no excuse for when things -- when you can get things wrong. But when you're confronted with the facts, you should -- you should say the truth. Just like I think about Texas, that most horrible thing has happened in Texas, one of the things nothing to do with politics, it was that shooting at that school. And they didn't get the facts right at first, they kept telling things and commenting about and Uvalde, Texas.So, the White House should be candid about what they got right, what they didn't get right. What I'm most -- and hope you don't have to correct me on this. What I'm most concerned about in the coming hours, it looks as if Republicans and Democrats met at the White House in the last hour, and the Republican leadership in the House came out. And they generally speak. I think sometimes politicians do in superlatives. They didn't this time, they came on to look, we stood our ground, we share with the president what we wanted and they made it sound like something positive might have happened, they didn't say anything negative happened.And then the Democrats came out and said something similar. If we want these things to stop, if we want a different policy, all the things we've talked about at this table, it's got to be our elected officials who come around the proverbial table at the White House and in Congress and get something done.So, I'm encouraged about what they've done. I'll tell you, there's a guy though who got my book by blood rolling a little bit earlier. Well, I think does not have the right to be around a table in Congress. He's a congressman from Texas named Congressman Nehls. I hope I'm pronouncing his name correctly.He was quoted a few days ago saying, let me tell you, I'm not willing to do too damn much right now to help a Democrat and to help Joe Biden's dismal approving ratings. I will not help the Dems try to improve this man's approval ratings. Why would i?Sir, you got elected to Congress, any Democrat that utters this nonsense or Republican. Judge, you can (INAUDIBLE) all you want. I don't think this is what people in politics should be doing, you should always be trying to solve problems.I hope he comes to the table with his Republican friends and Democrat friends and Democrats who make equally asinine comments like we saw, someone not wanting to correct the record here at the beginning of the show. You have to call balls and strikes everywhere. We want answers to our border. Congress has to act and the president has to act. Hopefully, they will.PIRRO: Are you saying that no Democrat ever said that he was going to criticize and stop Donald Trump from doing everything he could do during the Donald Trump years? And don't act like it's just one side and not -- and not the other.FORD JR.: Well, Judge, not only that, not only am I not saying that. I'm criticizing Democrats. I criticize Karine Jean-Pierre.PIRRO: OK.FORD JR.: I'm just -- I call balls and strikes. And I think we all should.PIRRO: All right. Dana 18 percent approval rating Biden has on immigration, all he's got to do is enforce the law. He doesn't need Congress and when Iowa's 40 percent immigration is the biggest issue, how much trouble is he in?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And also there was an informal poll taken amongst the Republican conference yesterday, absolute number one issue is the border way more than the economy, but they're not alone. The Democrats are joining them in that.And one thing you could point to, so Kamala Harris was named the border czar 1029 days ago. She goes -- she goes on "The View", like we're going to talk about that. This is not an issue that she's ever asked about or has to deal with. And it was -- it is the main issue driving their approval numbers down and everything else is coming down along with that. Of course, immigration being a big issue as well.The only thing you have to do at the White House is acknowledge there's a problem and try to fix it. Why did you run to -- run for Congress anyway.But they have incentivized the migrants to come and that is being helped also by blue state governors like Governor Newsom who says, OK, well, free health cares here for you as well.Then you start to read some of these stories about how there's migrants standing outside in this cold with no coats. I have a family that is helping in Denver, Colorado at nonprofits trying to figure out a way how can we get them some warm enough clothes, because they care about the human condition.And the Biden administration is so willing to lie about their own citizens. You think about the Texas State Patrol or Border Patrol that the state folks there that they were accusing of letting these people die. They're American taxpaying citizens.And you think about Governor Abbott, he's put up with so much especially being attacked because he's in a wheelchair, that's a little bit too far.Anyway, I would just say that these poll numbers 18 percent, imagine just trying to get it to 30 percent. That would just be like a little drop in the bucket, but they're not willing to do anything.If I were the White House, I would have said, our bad. Sorry. Got that information, and then you can move on. Now they won't be able to.PIRRO: No, and they won't. Go ahead, Greg.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, if I didn't know any better I think the White House has a pretty low opinion of Americans who actually everyday tried to save the lives that are put at risk by the White House.So, I go back and I listen to this story. And it's obviously we go through a lot of these stories. But it reminds me that the two most consequential words of the last eight years was fake news. Because I think that you can't listen to these stories again the same way. When you hear them, you hear them differently.When I see the montage of them, feigning outrage, I know they don't care, that MSNBC crew of clowns, they don't care about those victims, right? Those are just products for their script. And they're grateful that they've got it and they can create a script around it.The good news is, I don't think the lie could travel around the world before the truth comes out. I think right now, we have an educated public that can see this, even though it seems like the Dems have hired Jussie Smollett as a campaign adviser, because every single one of their stories is a hoax. It's a hate crime hoax.And if it's -- if you accuse somebody of a crime that has some kind of racial component, wouldn't a hoax also be a hate crime? What about the people that are accused of this stuff? What about the whip gate guys? They never got a formal apology.I mean, you could conceivably ruin people's lives by saying those three people died on your watch. That could ruin somebody's life. Why is there no punishment for that? I don't get it.But these stories repeat themselves because like you said, there's no disincentive. You rely on the media to amplify the story while bearing the debunking. So these scumbags that MSNBC could destroy a person's life, call them a murderer. But when they're exposed, they don't even make a retraction. Or if they do, it's days away, or it's on page 23, B7, whatever.And yet, if any of us said anything, anything or any politician, Republican said anything that would be slightly problematic. They would ruin you in an instant. They would ruin you in an instant.In this case, they say some really horrible things. I am heartened though that this isn't going to fly anymore this year. You look at X's community notes, you see how quickly people respond. They can't get away with this. I couldn't watch that montage with going no one's taking that seriously. No one believes that.WATTERS: The only reason that travelled so quickly was because it blew up over the weekend. Because they would have asked them the next day at the White House briefing.PERINO: Also, shifty shifts, fundraise off it immediately.WATTERS: Of course.PIRRO: Very good. All right. Coming up, the Biden reelection campaign continues to be a total disaster. Democrats are now mocking Joe as Bigfoot and Kamala is running to her safe space on "The View".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: President Biden is so absent from the campaign trail, and from his own mind that the Democrats are starting to mock him, calling him Bigfoot. The big guy's top Dem challenger launching this political ad that pokes fun at the president for ducking the Democratic primary race.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I thought I was good at hiding. So I asked around. Have you seen Joe? I mean, how can you have tens of thousands of people looking for you all the time and not one person finds you? I'd looked for him everywhere, even the Democratic primary debate. No, Joe.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And while the White House keeps Biden locked up in the cellar, the White House is now backing on Kamala to be able to put more than two words together. The Veep sharing her deep thoughts with the ladies of "The View".(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY BEHAR, ABC NEWS HOST: What are you going to do to stop the crazies?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I am scared as heck, we should all be scared. But as we know, and certainly this is a table of very powerful women, we don't run away from something when we're scared, we fight back against it.We done a lot of good work, we need to let people know who bring it to them. There's a split screen that you can throw up and see. And it's going to be the choice between what is about respecting our democracy, what is about competence versus chaos.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Dana, interesting. So, Biden gets compared to Bigfoot and Kamala gets to see Bigfoot up close at "The View".PERINO: Oh, really? I didn't see. I couldn't see Bigfoot.A couple of things, the new -- there's another yet again Kamala Harris makeover and she's going to come out and she's going to have a new full- court press. They decided to go with the ABC contingent, they got to spend a whole day with her yesterday and they got the -- she got the full treatment online, the podcasts, the nightly news. And of course, "The View".I hated that she said, I'm scared to death. Here's a vice president of the United States say, I'm scared, we're going to win, it's going to be fine. Like, where's the confidence and then she tries to back that off.Then she talks about chaos. What's interesting is that in Iowa, and I know they don't care about these people, but in Iowa, 35 percent of the Republicans who voted said they're -- they want disruption in the country.So, they're not looking for the stability that the Biden administration says that they can continue on for another eight years.And last point on Dean Phillips, a guy who's running against Biden, this creates an interesting pain point for Biden a little bit in New Hampshire, because Biden's name is not on the ballot. Dean Phillips name is on the ballot and many other Democrats are running in that primary. And Biden is nowhere to be found.You can write his name in and they're trying to do that to have to spend like $4 million, I think, to try to get people to write in Biden's name on this ballot. It doesn't -- it doesn't exude confidence.GUTFELD: Not at all. Harold, you know why he's called Bigfoot?FORD JR.: I do not.GUTFELD: He's got big feet. You know, what do you think of Dean Phillips anyway? I love screwdrivers.FORD JR.: Look, I think if you're going to run against somebody in a primary, especially the president of your own party, I wouldn't be running commercials with Bigfoot, I'd be -- I'd be contrasting myself with him, what I'd be doing differently, whatever the issue might be.But I think it's funny, but I think you got to be serious. If you're running for a lesser office, maybe you get a chuckle. But if you're going to run for the president in your own party, you got to do that.Now, if I were the president, I'd go to New Hampshire. I'd campaign for a day or so and made clear to Democrats there what's at stake.Two or three, with Kamala Harris, it amazes me and Dana's talked about this before, you can't get the three or four bullet points down. I mean, you have to be able to say, our campaign is going to be about touting how we've invested more in America's ability to build innovative things from medicines, to chips, to cars, to ensuring that America is a leader.Two, we're going to make it where every woman and doctor don't have to fear healthcare choices and talking about them, we're going to make sure that we cut taxes for those earning (INAUDIBLE). These are the basic things. I don't know how you're not able to articulate and ramp off these points one by one by one by one and then talk about this, the other stuff.As I've said -- we said in Iowa, when you talk about threats to democracy, it cuts both ways. Republicans think of it as you're saying you're attacking Donald Trump. And Democrats think of it as saying you should attack Donald Trump.So, this is not -- this is not an on the level kind of a number here. So, I think the economy and border security will continue to be the foremost issues on voters minds.And if the White House and the president and Congress able to address those issues, that'll not only will help the country, but it will help the party, help his party in the process, and I think even help Republicans as well.GUTFELD: Judge, Dean Phillips, Kamala, you pick?PIRRO: Well, I agree with Dana, I think -- I think that Kamala maybe she's had some media training. There's something different about her now.But what amazes me is she's kind of like Jill, when Jill says he's got more energy than anybody I know. She says Joe Biden can see round corners, really? Could he see around the corners with the baby formula disaster? Could he see around the corner with Afghanistan? Could he see around the corner with the classified documents that he had for 20 years that he wasn't even supposed to take out of this SCIF?I mean, and the whole idea that she's scared and she says, "We should all be scared". She's the Vice President in the United States. She shouldn't be saying, you know, we are -- we've got your back. We've got you. This is America, the Biden administration is working for you.Instead, I mean, they just watch your numbers go lower and lower. And you know what, he's got 18 percent on the -- on immigration, and now he wants to deal with it, now the nine months before the election, now they want to deal with it. We had the biggest month in history last month. I mean, Americans all over consider themselves part of a border state when they're not.And then she says the media is against us. Are you kidding? The media is carrying their water. The media is carrying those stories, we just did it in last block. They won't even correct it when they get something wrong.And finally, this idea that she says the Republicans have nothing to run against Joe Biden except his age. Well, 74 percent of Americans think he shouldn't run because of his age. So, nothing she says is saving or helping them.GUTFELD: Jesse, what have you to say about this?WATTERS: I think the Biden campaign is getting a facelift. And I think Kamala might be the new face of the campaign. Biden probably is going to let Obama take the reins of the campaign. And it's because he's shy, he can't walk, he can't talk, he can't campaign.Every time he goes out there, he fake jogs. He does events, they call him in and he doesn't even deliver a speech. And then he disappears for a few days and then he pops up and screams democracy and then just go back to Delaware and hides.I'm kicking myself, I didn't think of the Bigfoot analogy, that is a sticky analogy. An honest press would gobble that up and run with it. These people make their living on, on content, on conflict, on buzz, and the Bigfoot thing, it's beautiful. I was going to say the White House is like the Bermuda Triangle. Joe goes in there and doesn't see him for a week.But again, these are the kinds of things that if you were covering a campaign, you'd put right out there, but they're covering up a campaign and that's why it's a sin.GUTFELD: All righty then. Ahead, criminals are coming for your underpants. Walmart and Target are locking up boxers and socks.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Blazing crime is getting so bad in our nation's capital, drivers are now wishing for a snowstorm to stop carjackings.Right now, Washington D.C. is getting devastated by a dramatic spike in robberies and vehicle thefts. And it's got this woman praying for a blizzard to stop the bad guys.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We need at least 10 to 15 inches.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, come on.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It will slow people down. Just think, carjackings will probably go to zero because they can't run.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And America's shoplifting epidemic is getting even more insane. Walmart and Target have begun locking up underwear and socks and I just don't know what Greg's going to do with that information.Yesterday, a friend of mine was at like a Walmart or CVS in D.C., security guards tackled a guy as they're tackling him because he was shoplifting. A gun falls out of his pocket.GUTFELD: Wow.PERINO: And everybody just kept shopping like this is just the -- what the world we live in.GUTFELD: Why isn't CVS locking up their guns?PERINO: Exactly.GUTFELD: By the way, it's -- I'm forced to go to comm -- go commando now, so it's --PERINO: Good to know.GUTFELD: Just with my socks.PERINO: Or not.GUTFELD: So, what's left to steal, right? What is left -- it makes you think what are they not locking up? Like, Chia Pets, greeting cards, Brian Kilmeade's book. At some point though, if there's no commerce and there's not going to be any community, and cities will die. And the people who pretend to care about low-income neighborhoods and minority populations are the ones who ushered in this destruction. And they'll be fine because they get their underwear off Amazon.And you know, it's sad if you got to rely on the weather to fight crime. You know, what's next? To hope that a new pandemic will come along and reduce immigration or maybe a more potent form of fentanyl will solve the homeless crisis? I mean, is this how Libs solve problems, hoping that nature takes its course? It makes you think, doesn't it, Dana?PERINO: It does make you think. The D.C. --GUTFELD: Don't do that, Jesse.PERINO: The D.C. District Attorney Brian Schwab is basically -- Judge, he's busy doing things that have nothing to do with protecting the city. That's why people want a snowstorm.PIRRO: Yes. Well, you know, I'm reading this and I think it's amazing. One of the -- one of the recommendations of the D.C. Council Public Safety Committee that they'll vote on today is -- one of the mayor's requests, give the Metropolitan Police the authority to declare drug-free zones. So what? It's a drug-free zone are you going to make an arrest? OK, you make an arrest. They're going to let him out in a minute. It doesn't matter.It's all talk. It's like when Gavin Newsom came up with something. I forget what it was where he wanted -- last week he wanted to expand the penalties for those profiting on retail theft and auto burglary. That's great. I'm glad you're talking and your mouth is moving. But nothing is changing as a result of this. You need to change the bail laws. You need to be able to keep them in and you need to prosecute them. Until criminals realize there are consequences, nothing is going to change.And the answer to your question, Greg, as to what they're not locking up. They're not locking up suits and ties because nobody's working. Nobody wants them.PERINO: You know what else are not locking up, Jesse? The criminals.WATTERS: That's right. I mean, they've turned CVS into a one big vending machine. You just go in there and you just see it and you put a quarter and it all comes out. Journalists have no clue because they just work from home. Just order everything off Amazon. And these people have no careers. They've worked in media their whole lives. They've never run a business. They've never had customers. They don't understand what it does when people steal.Now, in D.C. if you're under 18 and you get caught carjacking, they won't prosecute you. So, the gangs just make every 16 and 17-year-old kid steal cars. And then they chop it and then they sell off the catalytic converter because it's like three grand on the street because it has the rare Earths. And then they have a Kia challenge. You go on TikTok and now it's a game if you can steal a Kia. And they'll just steal it, joyride it, and leave it. That's what it's come down to.PERINO: Harold, I do always feel -- I know you -- I know you all do but for the staff that work at these places, like what they're having to go through, not only can they not just like work at a retail store normally, they have to deal with customers who get mad because I wish they was -- I wish you could put in a quarter and get your product but you can't. But also the neighborhoods that are losing the Walmarts and the Targets and all those other businesses that go with them means that's a lot of jobs and people have to go farther away in order to get things that they need. And that's when you end up with deserts, retail deserts.WATTERS: Underwear deserts.FORD JR.: And you see it in a lot of the communities that that we focus on, a lot of cities that we focus on. And I agree with the with the Judge's outlining of things. Can you imagine if Congress -- and I would hope a bipartisan effort here. If they passed a crime bill that gave more money to cities that -- to hire and train more police officers, gave more money to buy the kind of equipment and ammunition and artillery that may need to be able to protect communities, give them more money to help even to perhaps provide summer jobs for some of these kids if these kids do certain things all condition on one thing, you end cashless bail in your city.You'll have a whole pot of money, a whole sum of money that'll be out there for you to do these things if you're willing to do what we believe uh is a huge driver of the increase and an accelerate increase of crime. It's hard to take serious -- someone is saying we're going to declare a drug free zone. I mean, you just can't just say no to crime. I mean, you actually have to act on it.I do think there have to be other things you give communities and people and opportunities to be able to say yes to. But you have to -- when people break the law, there have to be consequences. This used to be -- as Greg has always says, this was not a partisan issue 10, 15, 20 years ago. For some reason or for some set of reason that has become one. And the real losers are the people who want to buy underwear, are the people who want -- are the people who want safe -- you know, seriously, people who want safe neighborhoods. People who their kids walk to school every day and walk home from school every day and are concerned about the safety in their -- in their neighborhood.So, they should be creative in politics. They should be aggressive in politics. They should be assertive and give money to the communities that are doing the right thing and incentivize communities that are not doing the right thing to do the right thing.PERINO: You know, it's interesting because Biden lives there. He pays no attention to the city at all. But in his victory speech the other night in Iowa, President Trump brought it up. And he said we're going to fix the city, we're going to make more beautiful. We're going to make sure that it's the place that we all want it to be and to be proud of it. It's interesting.GUTFELD: Yes, if anything, Joe Biden should really care about underwear.PERINO: If anything, indeed. Well, ahead, a student loan rebellion. Millions of borrowers are just flat-out refusing to pay back their loans. I didn't know you could do that.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Joe Biden's student debt bribe is still causing chaos. Despite the Supreme Court telling him no, the administration is so far forgiven a whopping $130 billion in student debt, billion. But even that, simply not good enough for the loan-dodging brats. One in 10 delinquent student loan borrowers are refusing to pay in the hopes that it puts pressure on the government to cancel them.And this has got to stink you know, because Joy Behar, she's lashing out at Gen Z for acting like the economy left them behind.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALYSSA FARAH GRIFFIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: They feel left behind by the economy and they also see everybody trying to not age.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: Oh, please. Get a job.GRIFFIN: No, but have jobs. No, they have to work multiple job.BEHAR: There's a million jobs job openings in this country. Get a job.SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: They've also lived through a pandemic. They've lived through the worst of times. I'm raising two Gen Zers, so --BEHAR: Boohoo.HOSTIN: I want to just defend them a little bit.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It kind of makes you like Joy Behar for a second.GUTFELD: That'll never happen. I think Bigfoot expresses exactly the problem of so many entitled aging elites. I got mine, what's your problem? The problem is not everybody can be as talented and as beautiful as Joy Behar, and not everyone can have the glorious opportunity to shine on an intelligent vehicle like The View. But here's the deal.WATTERS: Yes.GUTFELD: When I hear Joy Behar, I hear the dying gasp of a malicious self- centered generation. I'll be dead soon, so why worry. She's no different than when Joe Biden would show that ambivalence when people would be complaining about things going on. It's like it's not a big deal, whether it was crime or inflation or the border, it's not -- I've seen it all. I really get the sense that it's like it's not my problem anymore, it's theirs. I'll be gone soon.WATTERS: Yes, or they could just vote them out. Dana Perino, why don't we band it together, not pay our mortgage in the hopes that the banks cancel them.PERINO: Oh, I was thinking about, what about if you're a young worker out there in the country and you got an F-150 because you were starting a business, like a plumbing business. Should they get pass? Should they get to band together?GUTFELD: It's the same price too. It's roughly $250 a month.GUTFELD: There you go. Biden keeps saying that they won't have to pay their loans. And that's why they're not paying them because he's basically trying to bribe them. And they're going to get pushed back by the Supreme Court or they're going to just lose because it's amazing to watch the Democrats just completely abandoned blue-collar workers. It's a --it's a weird like political inversion that we've gone through in the last 30 years. It's just shocking to me because it's so clearly unfair to all these people who worked really hard and paid back their loans or decided not to go to school.The Biden Administration has created the system that the young people believe if they rage hard enough, then the Biden Administration will eventually cave to your demands. And that's why they protested and almost broke down the gates of the White House on Saturday night because of the support of Israel.WATTERS: Maybe they're planning on having all of the blue-collar workers disappear, Harold, and being replaced with robots. And I'm directing this question at you specifically.FORD JR.: So, I feel like Joy Behar does on this. And I think the only thing that's going to happen -- if you've gone to college and you don't pay your student loan off, here's what's going to happen. The banding together is not going to cause administration to do anything more. You're going to have bad credit.WATTERS: Yes.FORD JR.: You're not going to be able to buy a home. You're not going to be able to lease a car. You're not going to be able to buy a car. Your credit will -- it will follow you. Bad credit will follow you in a terrible way. And if you have a college education, one would think they would have taught you that in some -- in some sense or somewhere along the way. Two --GUTFELD: But she wasn't -- she wasn't railing against college forgiveness, loan forgiveness.FORD JR.: No, she was saying -- no, she was saying --GUTFELD: She was talking about getting a job.FORD JR.: Right. But she was saying they should get a job and pay back. They -- my interpretation of it. I thought that that Sunny was saying you - - she raises Gen Zers and they've gone through so many tough times. And I think the other person was saying that it's allowable, it should be understandable. She said they should get a job.And I hope -- that's what I hope they do. I hope -- those are the kinds of things. We have our we have a generation of Americans today who have an overabundance of the traits that don't help your problem solved. They're self-important. They have a shaky grasp of the facts and kind sometimes an unforgivable meanness towards people. That doesn't position you well to do well in life. And then a sense of entitlement.We need to be teaching people better that look, we may give you a break on something. And Dana made the point -- made a point about plumbers and electricians, engineers in that regard. We may need more teachers. We may need more medical professionals. I don't mind framing it that way. But if your numbers are right and I think they are, $130, $140 billion of loan forgiveness, we're off to a good start.And if we believe we need more, two things have to happen. Identify the in which you're going to reduce loan -- reduce loan payments or forgive them. And two, Congress, hold a hearing bringing these college presidents in and ask them why have costs gone up so much, what are kids getting forward, and what can the country look forward to getting these next round of increases that you seem to be planning for.WATTERS: Yes. We know how well the college presidents conduct themselves at these Congressional hearings.PIRRO: Yes. Yes. Yes, they don't have a mind of their own. You know, the -- these kids have the ultimate sense of entitlement. They really don't care about their credit. And one was quoted in this package that we got saying, what are you going to do, ruin my credit so I can't buy the house I couldn't buy anyway, you know, the house of my dreams.But you know this is all on Joe Biden, OK, because what Joe Biden did in August -- it is. In August of 2022, he made the decision, you know, I need to get the young people so I'm going to give 20 -- forgive $20,000 in the pel grants, $10,000 on the other grants. August or June of 2023, the Supreme Court comes down and says you don't have the authority to do that, you can't forgive student loan.And almost immediately the Biden Administration comes out and they say, well, what we're going to do is we're going to give you year, you don't have to worry about anything, we'll give you an offramp. And maybe in October of 2024, you can start paying again. And in the meantime, they've got all these little programs where, Jesse is right, it's $132 billion that we have paid for these brats so that they can keep their fund money budget. That's what this is all about. They don't want to get a job.If Joe Biden is so convinced that he has, you know, great unemployment record which is due to the COVID jobs coming back, you know, he should be able to say, get a job, I made it so that you could get a job. But no. So, you know, he's just selling himself and they're just selfish. And I don't buy my kids were in a pandemic, it was so hard. No, they stayed home, they didn't have to go to school, and they did whatever they wanted to do.WATTERS: Fund money budget.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: You got to stop calling it loan forgiveness. It's not theirs to forgive. It's taxpayer money. We -- you lose this battle when you hand over the language.WATTERS: Yes. And you can't forgive on my behalf.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: I'm not complicit in the forgiveness. "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back! A mom claims that a Panera breed drive-thru employee wouldn't take her order because her child was throwing a temper tantrum. She was told however that she could put her order in online. Judge, is that fair? Is that --PIRRO: It's more than fair.FORD JR.: Is that actionable legally?PIRRO: Have you ever worked in a restaurant? I've worked in a restaurant. I've worked behind a counter. I worked in a dairy. You got a screaming kid. You can't hear the mother. And let me tell you something, if Panera takes any action against this kid for saying, do me a favor, I can't hear you, your kid is screaming, go on order online or come in with the kid -- if they take action against him, he should let us know.FORD JR.: Jesse, is this childish of this -- of this these people?WATTERS: I may have once or twice in a public place, perhaps on a plane, if Jesse Jr. screams -- not that he can't breathe but just --FORD JR.: Just enough.WATTERS: And then I'll place my order.FORD JR.: D.P., you have thoughts on this? I think that -- I think he was right. But I think he could have said, I'm sorry, I can't hear you. If you'll pull over and you'll send it online, I'll personally bring it out to you so that you don't have to get out of the car. That would have been a nice thing to do. Then we then we can give him a bonus too.FORD JR.: Greg, what are your thoughts on this?GUTFELD: I didn't know that Panera had a drive-thru. I always thought that Panera's purpose was to meet someone for coffee who's looking for a job or to make a breakup in public so someone doesn't cry or there's a stranger who's meeting you there to blackmail you with photos that they got up the Internet. Because if you ever go into Panera, it's all these people sitting awkwardly at tables. It's never anybody going hey, yes, legit. Everybody's like this. It's a very strange place, Panera.WATTERS: It is. It's a weird vibe.GUTFELD: Very weird vibe.PIRRO: He's right.GUTFELD: Who will drive through?PERINO: I so feel for their people right now.WATTERS: That is the most insightful thing you've said in months.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: I'm serious. That is very --GUTFELD: Don't you walk by Panera and go what is going on in there?PIRRO: You were so right.WATTERS: The vibe is off. The vibe is off.FORD JR.: I'm in the minority. I think he was wrong to do that to that lady.PERINO: That's true.FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING" --GUTFELD: You're always in the minority.FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING" --PIRRO: Cut it out.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Dana?PERINO: Time for this. I haven't done it in a while.GUTFELD: All right.PERINO: OK, here's some corny jokes. What can fall from great heights and not get hurt?WATTERS: Acorn.PERINO: There's a theme. There's a winter theme. There's a winter -- it's snow.WATTERS: Snowflake.PERINO: Very good. What do you call a snowman having a temper tantrum?WATTERS: Meltdown.PERINO: Very good.PIRRO: Wow.PERINO: What did the icy road say to the car?FORD JR.: Don't slip.PIRRO: Slip. Slide.PERINO: You want to go for a spin?PIRRO: Oh.PERINO: Oh, that's close. What is a snowman's favorite cake topping?WATTERS: Icing.PERINO: Wow, Jesse.PIRRO: Jesse.PERINO: What kind of photos do they take in the North Pole?FORD JR.: Snapshots.PERINO: Yes. You guys are good.PIRRO: You are very good. All right, Greg.GUTFELD: We got a show tonight. Jamie Lissow, K.T. McFarland, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. We're going to find out what K.T. stands for. Let's do this. Greg's Sexy Sloth News.PIRRO: Oh, no. Not again.GUTFELD: Yes, we had a horse yesterday.PIRRO: Not again.GUTFELD: Behold a sloth.WATTERS: Is that --GUTFELD: Look at that. That's Luna eating a sweet potato.PERINO: That is -- that's not sexy at all.PIRRO: Well, the horse was better.PERINO: Watching people eat is disgusting.GUTFELD: It should have been in slow motion.WATTERS: Why isn't that in slow motion?PERINO: It is in slow mothing. It's a sloth.GUTFELD: No, it should have been in slower motion. Anyway --PERINO: Gross.GUTFELD: See you tonight, Luna.FORD JR.: See you tonight.GUTFELD: You better wait up and wear that thing I like.PIRRO: Yes. OK, it's time for --PERINO: Wow.PIRRO: OK, Fabulous Fashion Finds. OK, everybody knows I'm all about style. And this girl definitely has style. Check out this funky new hairdo she created using nothing but the elements. I call it the Medusa.PERINO: Wow.PIRRO: OK, Harold.FORD JR.: The Tampa Bay the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are headed to Detroit to play the Lions in a dome. Listen to this -- listen to this question a reporter asked the Tampa coach.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Any special plans to acclimate the team to not only endure, but perform in those kinds of frigid temperatures should you face them in Detroit.TODD BOWLES, HEAD COACH, TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS: You do know we play indoors right in the yellow dome? We have to be outside for 20 seconds getting off the bus going under the thing, so we'll be OK.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: They've only played the dome for a couple of decades now. Hopefully, the reporter will study a little harder. And Greg will get into this more tonight.PIRRO: Jesse.WATTERS: Do you like gossip?PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Do you like learning about dysfunctional people's personal lives - -PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: -- and what makes people tick? Well, buy my book, Get It Together. Preorder it. It's on Amazon right now.PIRRO: That's it for us. Have a great night.GUTFELD: You tricked us.