Ex-Donald Trump aide Alyssa Farah Griffin said the former president's attempt to cozy up to Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce was among the "saddest things" she has ever seen.Swift rooted on her boyfriend during Sunday's Super Bowl, which ended with Kelce's Kansas City Chiefs defeating the San Francisco 49ers in overtime, 25-22, at Las Vegas' Allegiant Stadium. The ensuing celebration on the field included the music superstar joining Kelce on the field for a postgame kiss and embrace, followed by a night of partying to celebrate the victory.Both in anticipation of the game and after the Super Bowl was decided, conspiracy theorists surmised that the Chiefs would win as part of some larger perceived plot for Swift to galvanize the Democratic base—with some, including former GOP presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy, saying that Swift would use the event to formally endorse Democratic President Joe Biden for reelection. That never happened."Can I mention my one Super Bowl highlight that we didn't get to? And I hate to interject politics," Griffin, a co-host on The View, said during Monday's show. "Donald Trump sent out the thirstiest tweet—er, 'Truth'—of all time, basically saying, 'Taylor Swift should like me and I think Travis Kelce should, too.' It was the funniest thing."She added: "I was losing my mind over it. [Trump] knows how powerful they both are as an entity, and it was just the saddest thing I've seen."Griffin was referring to a Truth Social post by Trump posted hours before the big game, touching on the rumors and conspiracies surrounding Swift and Biden and the 2024 election."I signed and was responsible for the Music Modernization Act for Taylor Swift and all other Musical Artists," Trump wrote. "Joe Biden didn't do anything for Taylor, and never will."There's no way she could endorse Crooked Joe Biden, the worst and most corrupt President in the History of our Country, and be disloyal to the man who made her so much money. Besides that, I like her boyfriend, Travis, even though he may be a Liberal, and probably can't stand me!"Swift's attendance at the game, her 12th appearance in support of the Chiefs since beginning her relationship with Kelce earlier in the season, was admonished by someonline due to CBS cameras panning to her throughout the contest.Her presence at such games, however, has elevated the Kansas City Chiefs brand from a marketing standpoint.Eric Smallwood, president of Apex Marketing Group, which conducted research into the economic impact of Swift and Kelce's relationship, recently pegged Swift's financial impact as a windfall estimated to equate to $331.5 million. Her broader impact has been dubbed "The Taylor Effect."It has also drawn new fans to a sport that not just dominates against other competitive televised athletics, but has the biggest viewership in the United States.About 13 percent of Americans said they were more interested in football due to Swift, according to a recent survey by Lending Tree.Link to Image
Graphic Donald Trump Taylor SwiftJULIA NIKHINSON/AFP via Getty ImagesFormer US President and 2024 presidential hopeful Donald Trump gestures at supporters at a "Get Out the Vote" Rally in Conway, South Carolina, on February 10, 2024. Trump brought up Taylor Swift and NFL player Travis Kelce in a Truth Social post on Sunday, likely in response to conspiracy theories that she would endorse Joe Biden after the Super Bowl on February 11, 2024.