Lauren Boebert lashed out at House members who voted against impeaching Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, including the incumbent of the seat to which she hopes to switch.Boebert said it was a "disgrace" to see Mayorkas survive the vote. "Everyone who voted against impeaching Mayorkas owns everything that happens as a result of our wide open border - every rape, every murder, every drug overdose, everything," she said in a post on X after the vote on February 6.The vote failed February 6 when four Republicans broke ranks and voted not to impeach him. One of those four was Representative Ken Buck, who represents Colorado's fourth district.Republicans brought articles of impeachment against Mayorkas regarding his handling of the border. The vote was shot down after the House voted 214-216 against the resolution—GOP Representative Blake Moore changed his vote to no so the vote could be brought back to the House at a later stage.Following the impeachment vote, Buck told ABC News he voted no because he believed Mayorkas had "not committed a high crime or misdemeanor."Newsweek has approached Boebert and Buck's respective offices for comment via email.Democrats and some Republicans like Buck have questioned if Mayorkas' actions meet the high bar impeachment requires. Impeachment, according to the Constitution, is for "Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors."The Senate website notes: "The definition of 'High Crimes and Misdemeanors' was not specified in the Constitution and has long been the subject of debate."Republicans said the impeachment articles that Mayorkas had engaged in a "willful and systemic refusal to comply with the law" and a "breach of public trust."Boebert's new seatBuck, a member of the House since 2015, is standing down ahead of the next round of elections. Boebert—the representative for the third district—is currently campaigning to replace Buck.Boebert won her 2022 Midterm election against Democrat Adam Frisch by just 546 votes. By comparison, Buck's seat has a far safer majority and won over 60 percent of the vote in the 2022 Midterms, beating his Democrat rival Ike McCorkle by 86,405 votes.Boebert could face a fight to convince voters she is the right person to take on Buck's role.After a Republican debate between primary candidatesin Fort Lupton, Colorado, a straw poll taken of 100 Republican voters saw Boebert pick up just 12 votes, behind Logan County Commissioner Jerry Sonnenberg, who topped the poll with 22 votes. Boebert was fourth overall.Since she was elected, Boebert has faced controversies including being caught on film at a performance of Beetlejuice vaping and fondling her date.Initially, Boebert told her followers on X, formerly Twitter, on September 13 that she "did thoroughly enjoy the AMAZING Beetlejuice at the Buell Theatre" and denied vaping indoors.But she later apologized and said her behavior "fell short of my values."As a result, some accusations of "carpetbagging," a term that refers to outsiders moving to a new area for private gain, have been leveled at Boebert.During the Fort Lupton debate in January, Boebert was asked to define the term by State Representative Mike Lynch.Boebert responded: "I have moved into the fourth district. My boys and I needed a fresh start... This move is the right move for me and for them."Boebert insists she is moving districts not because of her slim majority, but due to personal reasons including a recent divorce.In a video announcing that decision in December last year, she said: "I had never been in politics before and I'd never been through a divorce, something I never intended to go through. I've made my own personal mistakes and have owned up and apologized for them."She said he had been through a "pretty difficult year for me and my family."Link to Image
Graphic Lauren BoebertKevin Dietsch/Getty ImagesRep. Lauren Boebert speaks at the U.S. Capitol on February 6, 2024 in Washington, D.C. She will switch districts when she runs for election later this year.