ToplineFormer President Donald Trump signaled Tuesday several high-profile Republicans and at least one former Democratic lawmaker are part of a shortlist to be his running mate for the 2024 election, during a Fox News town hall broadcast.<figure><figcaption>Senator Tim Scott, Republican of South Carolina, and former President Donald Trump at the Fox News Town Hall event Tuesday with host Laura IngrahamAFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsDuring the event, Fox News host Laura Ingraham mentioned six names the audience came up with as potential running mates, including Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, Vivek Ramaswamy, Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.), Rep. Byron Donalds (R-Fla.), South Dakota Gov. Kristi Noem and former Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard.When asked if all of them were on the shortlist, Trump said:  They are they re all good, they re all solid,  adding that he wants people  with common sense, because there s so many things happening in this country that don t make sense. Trump said the key thing he is looking for in a vice president is someone who can be a good president,  because if something should happen, you have to have somebody that s going to be a great president. The Republican front runner then pointed directly at Scott, who was seated in the audience, and said a lot of people  are talking about that gentleman  and called him a great advocate and someone who  has been much better for me than he was for himself. Crucial QuoteWhile acknowledging he has a big group to choose from, Trump said a running mate will have very little impact on voters.  One thing that always surprises me is that the VP choice has absolutely no impact, and it is whoever the president is. Surprising FactGabbard s name was met with cheering and applause, with Ingraham noting there was a  big presence here  for the former Democratic lawmaker from Hawaii. Although she endorsed Biden in the 2020 election, Gabbard left the Democratic Party in 2022 and joined Fox News as a contributor. Since then, Gabbard has been critical of her former party, has spoken at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) and strongly opposed military aid for Ukraine.Key BackgroundDuring his town hall, Trump compared his ongoing legal woes to the treatment received by Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who died in prison last week. When asked by Ingraham to comment on the $355 million fine levied against his businesses by a New York court, Trump said:  It s a form of Navalny. It is a form of communism or fascism.  Trump then insisted that his four indictments in separate cases are  all because of the fact that I m in politics.  When asked about the classified documents case and why he didn t simply hand them over when asked, Trump falsely claimed he  didn t have to hand them over. Further ReadingOn challenging Biden to debates, Trumps tells Ingraham 'I ll do it right now on your show'(Fox News)Trump Campaign Projects He ll Win Nomination By March 12(Forbes)