ToplinePresident Joe Biden won the Democratic primary in South Carolina, a state that carried his path to the nomination in the 2020 presidential election as his campaign hopes Saturday s victory will re-energize Black voters who have strayed from the president, contributing to his sliding approval rating.<figure><figcaption>President Joe Biden speaks at the Biden for President 2024 campaign headquarters Saturday in Wilmington, Delaware. (Photo by ROBERTO SCHMIDT/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsThe Associated Press called the race for Biden at 7:23 p.m. just 23 minutes after the polls closed Saturday with Biden having more than 95% support.Rep. Dean Phillips (D-Minn.) and author Marianne Williamson each had less than 2% of the vote.Biden was widely expected to win the South Carolina primary and is the overwhelming favorite to be the Democratic nominee.South Carolina kicked off the Democratic nominating contest after the Democratic National Committee moved the state ahead of New Hampshire and Iowa on the official primary calendar a symbolic reward to its Democratic voters who delivered Biden a resounding victory in the state in the 2020 presidential nomination, when all 46 counties voted for him.South Carolina, where early voting kicked off Jan. 22, will award 55 delegates of the 1,991 needed to clinch the Democratic nomination.Crucial Quote The truth is I wouldn t be here without the Democratic voters of South Carolina, and that s a fact,  Biden told an audience at an event in Columbia, South Carolina last month.  From the bottom of my heart, thank you, thank you, thank you. Big Number19. That s the number of percentage points Biden s support among Black voters declined last year, according to a November NBCpollthat found his approval rating had dipped to 40% among all voters, the lowest level of his presidency. It currently stands at 39%, according to FiveThirtyEight spolling average.The Biden campaign hopes his win in South Carolina, where about 60% of Democratic voters are Black, will mobilize the key demographic in subsequent primaries and the general election.Key BackgroundBiden is likely to face former President Donald Trump in a historic rematch in the November general election as Trump appears poised to clinch the Republican nomination after winning both the Iowa and New Hampshire primaries. Biden has ratcheted up his attacks on Trump since he officially began campaigning at the start of the year, centering his talking points around contrasting himself with the former president, rather than highlighting his own record. Biden has cast Trump as a threat to democracy, repeatedly called him a  loser  over his efforts to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election and regularly reminds voters Trump appointed Supreme Court justices who voted to overturn Roe v. Wade. Trump and his Republican allies, meanwhile, accuse Biden of corruption, alleging he has improperly meddled in his son Hunter Biden and other family members  business dealings. Trump s rhetoric on the campaign trail largely surrounds his own four criminal indictments and accusing the prosecutors, without evidence, of bringing the cases in an effort to boost Biden s reelection chances. Their rematch is expected to be a close contest, as polls show Trump leads Biden by less than two points, according to Real Clear Politics polling average.What To Watch ForThe next Democratic primary is Thursday in Nevada. Republicans will hold their primary the same day. No delegates will be awarded in the GOP contest and instead will go to the winner of the caucuses on Feb. 8 thanks to a new law that effectively split the state s primary and caucuses into two separate events on different days. Trump is running in the caucuses, while former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is running in the primary.TangentNew Hampshire held its Democratic primary on Jan. 23, but the contest was unsanctioned and no delegates were awarded following a feud between the state and national Democratic parties. In protest of the new calendar, state Democrats opted to hold the primary on the same day as the GOP. Biden sided with the Democratic National Committee and did not appear on the ballot, but beat Phillips and Williamson anyway, winning 64% of votes following a successful write-in campaign.