This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,It turns out even publicly traded companies need a good editor. Shares of ridesharing giant Lyft surged as much as 66% in after-hours trading Tuesday after itsearnings report suggested one measure of the company s profitabilitycould greatly increase this year.The initial report said Lyft s adjusted EBITDA margin as a percentage of bookings could expand by 500 basis points in 2024, or 5%, but it turns out, thecompany added an extra 0 to that forecast. Even with the typo, Lyft reported earnings well above analysts  estimates,leading shares to their best single-day percentage gain everas the company expects 2024 to be its first year of positive cash flow.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>The SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket sits at Kennedy Space Center as it is prepared for its lift-off on February 5, 2018 in Cape Canaveral, Florida. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>SpaceX hasmoved its state of incorporation from Delaware to Texas, the company s CEO Elon Musk said Wednesday on X, spotlighting the billionaire s ongoing feud with Delawareover a state court s decision to void his massive $50.9 billion pay packagefrom Tesla. Earlier this month, Musk indicated that he also wants to move Tesla s incorporation to Texas, but because that company is publicly traded unlike SpaceX moving its incorporation will require more time and shareholder approval.MORE: Houston-basedIntuitive Machines launched a spacecraft to the moonearly Thursday atop a Falcon 9 rocket from SpaceX aiming to be the first private firm to land on the lunar surface and the first American craft to land in decades.Japan hasceded its spot as the world s third-largest economyto Germany after its gross domestic product shrank for a second consecutive time in the fourth quarter of 2023, government data released Thursday showed,pushing the country into an unexpected recession. Meanwhile, India is expected to overtake both Germany and Japan as the world's third-largest economy this decade, according to analysts, as the country hopes to grow into a $5 trillion economy before 2030.BUSINESS + FINANCEA Maersk official said Wednesday that the shipping giant expects tocontinue avoiding trade routes through the Red Seainto the second half of the year, a sign that ongoing tensions prompted by Houthi militants  attacks could pose longer-term challengesto the shipping industry. The company has tried to compensate for the delays by adding additional vessel capacity to its schedule, Maersk North America s regional president told CNBC. A recent report found transit times have increased 30% with the rerouting of commercial vessels.California produces some of the world s lowest carbon-intensity oil, according to the California Air Resources Board, and now, publicly-traded California Resources Corp. islooking to produce oil that s not just low-carbon, but carbon-negative. If all its EPA permits come through, CRC hopes to launch a multi-billion-dollar project in the San Joaquin basin north of Los Angeles tocapture carbon dioxide, compress and inject it 5,000 feet down into the earth, where they say it will get soaked up into a thick, highly porous layer of sandstone and should remain trapped for eternity.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>Nike founder Phil Knight, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett and JPB Foundation President Emerita Barbara Picower.PHOTOS, FROM LEFT: ETHAN PINES FOR FORBES; TIMOTHY ARCHIBALD FOR FORBES; KRISTIN HOEBERMANN</figcaption></figure>The lifetimegiving of the United States  25 biggest philanthropists rose to nearly $211 billionthrough December 30, 2023, up about 7% from a year ago,Forbesfound as part of its 2024 ranking of the nation s most generous donors. But theincrease in charitable giving pales in comparison to the rise in the fortunesof members of the list, which includes billionaires like Warren Buffett and MacKenzie Scott, in the past year.SoftBank founder andbillionaire Masayoshi Son has seen his net worth surge 50% in less than a year, andForbes estimates he is now worth $28.8 billion, on the back of chip designer Arm s soaring share price and SoftBank reporting its first quarterly profit in more than a year. Arm, which listed on the Nasdaq last September in the year s biggest IPO, remains a bright spot in Son s portfolio, which has included boom-and-bust startups WeWork and FTX.TECH + INNOVATIONState-sponsored hacking groups from Russia, China and otherU.S. adversaries have been caught using OpenAI s tools to better attacktheir targets, according to a report published Wednesday by Microsoft, as continually evolving AI technology raises concerns about possible cybersecurity threats. Both Microsoft and OpenAI said they would improve their approach to combating state-sponsored hacking groups using their tools, including investing in monitoring technology to identify threats, collaborating with other AI firms and being more transparent about possible safety issues linked to AI.Agroup of Italian spyware companies has had hundreds of fake personasusing AI-generated profile photos thrown off Facebook and Instagram, afterMeta found they were being used to snoop on journalists and political activists.Meta claimed that the personas were carrying out social engineering attacks on targets, attempting to get the victims to click on links that would unmask their IP address.A tight supply of the chips powering AI has in turn bottlenecked technical progressand put startups at a particular disadvantage. In response,AI investors are offering companies massive computing clusters. For instance, Nat Friedman, the former CEO of Microsoft s developer platform GitHub, and frequent investing partner Daniel Gross run several computing stockpiles totaling more than 4,000 GPUs, which they make available for use by companies in their portfolio for a fee below market price.MONEY + POLITICS <figure><figcaption>The justices of the Supreme Court are worth a collective $64 million.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Thenine justices of the Supreme Court are worth a collective $64 million, and some of theirfinances and relationships with the ultrawealthy have attracted ethical scrutiny. Chief Justice John Roberts alone is responsible for nearly 40% of that sum, worth an estimated $25 million. The ways each justice made the bulk of their money over the years range from private practice to lucky real estate investments to old-fashioned inheritance.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSTax season can be intimidating if you re filing for the first time, buthere are some important things to remember: You may not have to file if you made less than a certain amount (though you may want to take advantage of a refund or tax credits),assume any income is taxable, including not just wages but also gains from stocks, bonds or cryptocurrency. College students in particular should check with their parents to see if they should file as an independent or if their parents are claiming them on their return.Companies haveembraced the buzzy concept of  skills-based hiring,  with companies like Walmart and General Motors dropping four-year degrees from some of their job ads. But a newreport found that progress has been decidedly slowin actually hiring people without diplomas into those roles.DAILY COVER STORYAutism Care Startup Elemy Is Ditching Its Therapists To Focus On Software<figure><figcaption>In 2021, Elemy boasted a more than billion dollar valuation built on providing in-person autism therapy to kids. Now it s changed its name to Tilly and is selling software to the therapists it used to employ.ILLUSTRATION BY ANGELICA ALZONA FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE In November 2023, employees of Elemy learned via email that the autism therapy startup, which provided specialized in-person care to kids in their homes, was rebranding as  Tilly. It was the third time in five years the company s name had changed, and this rebrand belied a much bigger shift in the business, one that some former employees said isdirectly at odds with the company s mission:  Life-changing care for autism.  For over four years, Elemy s therapists had delivered specialized in-person autism care to kids in their homes. But the same week the rebrand was announced, some therapists were informed they were losing their jobs at the end of the year, according to an internal email obtained byForbes. The reason? Elemy-now-Tilly was pivoting to a new direction: It would sell software to help therapists manage their own independent practices. In exchange, Elemy wanted a cut of the revenue generated by the independent practice; one therapist toldForbesalmost a third.The type of therapy Elemy provided is called applied behavior analysis and involves a two-person care team: a board certified behavior analyst who develops a care plan, and a registered behavior technician, who works in-person with the child. This type of care usually haslong waiting lists and requires multiple hours of in-person therapywith the child every week. Once established, experts say it is crucial that care be continuous. Because of the personal connection and nature of the therapy, abrupt transitions can be disruptive.So Elemy s evolution from providing in-person autism therapy services to selling software to manage them needed to be considered and carefully communicated. But to many therapists who worked for the company, it came as a surprise.When therapists dubious of the proposition asked what these changes would mean for the kids in their care if they opted not to go independent, company president Tim Eby reassured them.  Taking care of clients is a top priority as we think about this program,  he said, explaining the company would try to find those kids another therapist.But that wasn t a simple matter. Emails from Elemy s operations team sent to an employee and family reviewed byForbesshowElemy struggled to find new therapists, particularly in Florida.WHY IT MATTERS  Elemy-now-Tilly raised more than $200 million from investors, including SoftBank and General Catalyst, and was once valued at over $1 billion,  saysForbessenior writer Katie Jennings.  Many startups had to pivot and focus on profitability as interest rates started to rise and the growth-at-all-costs mentality shifted.But the stakes in healthcare are higher, especially when the service being disrupted is autism care for kids. MORE An Autism Therapy Company Abruptly Cuts Off Care To Children As It Lays Off StaffFACTS AND COMMENTSU.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement isconsidering releasing thousands of immigrants in detention, theWashington Post reported. The potential move comes a week after the Senate failed to approve abipartisan bill that would have addressed a major budget deficit for the agency:$700 million:ICE s budget gap, the largest projected deficit in the agency s recent history16,000: The number of immigrants ICE is considering releasing, which would bring detention levels from 38,000 to 22,000$7.6 billion:The amount the failed bill had allocated for ICESTRATEGY AND SUCCESSHow a couple manages financescan have a significant impact on the overall healthof their relationship. To ensure you re on the same page,ask questions about your philosophies for spending and budgeting, discuss your views on debt and figure out your individual appetites for risk when it comes to investing.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6346807272112/QUIZClimate change activists have increasingly committed acts of vandalism in an effort to draw attention to their cause, including a pair who threw soup at the Mona Lisa painting in the Louvre a few weeks ago. Afederal building closed earlyin Washington, D.C. yesterday after two apparent climate activists poured red powderon what artifact?A. The Gutenberg Bible at the Library of CongressB. The U.S. Constitution at the National ArchivesC. The Hope Diamond at the National Museum of Natural HistoryD. The gun used to kill President Abraham Lincoln at Ford s TheatreCheck your answer.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMTo close Women s History Month and reflect on Equal Pay Day 2024, join Forbes for ourEqual Pay ForumonMarch 26as we convene leading voices to discuss the most meaningful levers of change to power the next chapter in the fight for pay equity.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet inspired by young movers and makers out to change the world ourUnder 30 newslettersends every Friday.You can sign up here.