This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,It s Valentine s Day, which usually goes hand-in-hand with heart-shaped chocolates, greeting cards and roses. U.S.consumers are expected to spend $25.8 billion on Valentine s Daythis year, according to one survey,but how we re spending may surprise you.Rather than traditional gifts, younger generations are focusing on shared experiences, like making cocktails at home or a game night forcing retailers to adapt. It s not just about couples anymore: Galentine s Day, for example, which came from an episode of the TV showParks & Recreation, is now a cultural phenomenon to celebrate friendship.Lastly, some consumers are using the day to treat themselves and practice self-care. Pandora, for instance, responded to the shift with its  Be Love  campaign that states,  love starts with you. BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Democratic U.S. House candidate Tom Suozzi speaks following his victory in the special election to replace Republican Rep. George Santos on February 13, 2024 in Woodbury, New York. (Photo by Stephanie Keith/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Democratic candidateTom Suozzi Tuesday won the special electionfor the Congressional seat in New York vacated by the expulsion of former Rep. George Santos,a move that further narrows the GOP s already slim House majorityto 219-213. The centrist democrat, who previously occupied the seat from 2017 to 2023, signaled he was willing to work with the House GOP on key issues, but didn t shy away from taking a shot by asking them to  stop running around for Trump and start running the country. TheHouse impeached Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro MayorkasTuesday after a failed effort to do so earlier this month, making himonly the second cabinet secretary in history to be impeached,though he s all-but-certain to be acquitted in a Senate trial. The impeachment effort comes as the debate over the southern border has emerged as a key issue in the 2024 presidential campaign and days after former President Donald Trump effectively killed legislation that would have implemented new border controls.BUSINESS + FINANCEInflation was much higher than economists anticipated last month,according to government data released Tuesday. Headline inflation was 3.1% in January on an annual basis, according to the Labor Department s consumer price index, while core inflation, which excludes the more price-sensitive food and energy sub-indexes, was 3.9%. Bothfigures are above the Fed s 2% target but an improvement over last year s increases.MORE:Markets flailed Tuesday in responseto the worse-than-expected inflation readingthatdoused investors  expectations of a dramatic shift in monetary policy coming any time soon. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 524 points, or 1.4%, its largest single-day decline in 11 months, while the S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaq lost more than 1% in their second-worst days of 2024.Thenational average price for a gallon of gasoline in the U.S. climbedto nearly $3.24 on Wednesday, the highest since late November.Drivers can expect prices to keep surging at the pumpas American refineries undergo maintenance and conflict in the Middle East and attacks in the Red Sea threaten to push oil prices upwards.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>Meter founders Sunil and Anil Varanasi believe there's still big money in switchers and routers.METER</figcaption></figure>The upcoming era of advanced AI, chased by buzzy companies like Anthropic and OpenAI,won t go far without better internet pipes to handle them, says Anil Varanasi, CEO of Meter, a startup that peddles internet infrastructure like routers and switches to IT administrators at warehouses and grade schools. The companyhas raised $35 million at a valuation of more than $350 millionin a funding round co-led by OpenAI CEO Sam Altman.Across the internet, anyone can buynormal household items that also double as spy cameras, which, according to marketing materials for listings on Amazon, eBay and Walmart, are designed to catch cheating spouses, keep tabs on nannies, monitor children and catch thieves. But theycan also be used for much more harmful purposes: In at least nine federal child exploitation investigations between 2018 and 2023 reviewed byForbes, federal agents showed how spy cams purchased from Amazon and eBay had been used to film minors in their bedrooms, bathrooms or in one case the toilets of a music school.MONEY + POLITICS The Supreme Court is prepared to keep former President Donald Trump s federal case for trying to overturn the 2020 electionon hold for at least another week,defying legal experts who expected the court to move more swiftly. Trump has asked the Supreme Court to keep the criminal case against him on pause while he appeals a ruling refusing to throw out his charges based on  presidential immunity,  and Chief Justice John Roberts asked Justice Department Special Counsel Jack Smith, who s overseeing the case against Trump, to respond to the ex-president s filing by February 20.Trumpearned $1 million in royalties by publishing a compilationof his correspondence with celebrities through the bookLetters to Trump, released in April 2023, according to a financial disclosure. The former president has now reported making at least $6.75 million over the past two yearsfrom books largely composed of other people s work.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTParamount Global islaying off about 3% of its employees,or about 800 people, the media company announced Tuesday,just days after its subsidiary CBS earned record viewership from Super Bowl LVIII. It s unclear exactly what parts of Paramount s enterprise, consisting of CBS, Paramount Pictures, Paramount+, Pluto TV and a handful of cable networks, will be affected by the layoffs, but CEO Bob Bakish warned employees in January the cuts were coming.SCIENCE + HEALTHCARE<figure><figcaption>VantAI cofounders Zachary Carpenter (L) and Luca Naef (R).VANTAI</figcaption></figure>Our cells haveevolved a natural garbage disposal system, a group of special chemicals called  protein degraders  that break down unneeded junk in your body. On Tuesday, VantAIannounced a $674 million deal with pharmaceutical giantBristol Myers Squibb in the hopes of using cellular waste disposal processes, and its generative AI platform, to treat disease.The CDC is planningto drop its five-day isolation guidance for Covid-19, theWashington Post reported Tuesday, in what would be thefirst update on quarantine guidance in nearly three years. Covid patients would not need to isolate under the reported new guidance, which has not been signed off by the White House yet, in cases of mild and improving symptoms andif they are fever-free without medication for at least 24 hours.TRAVEL + LIFESTYLETripadvisorwill form a special committee to review a potential acquisitionby Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, part of the Liberty Media empire run by Greg Maffei, which has long held a controlling stake in the travel company currently valued at $3.1 billion. Tripadvisor is made up of three main businesses: the core Tripadvisor travel-review site, online tours and activities marketplace Viator, and European restaurant-booking app TheFork.DAILY COVER STORYHis AI Swiped Right. Then It Told Him To Propose. Now They re Getting Married<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATION BY ANGELICA ALZONA FOR FORBES; MIRAGEC/GETTY IMAGES, BIGMOUSE108/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE When Aleksandr Zhadan first met his now-fiance Karina Vyalshakaeva, she didn t know that she d been algorithmically chosen and conversing with an AI-powered bot that he built. But this is not the first time, and certainly not the last, thatcouples will find love with the help of AI.Some of the most popular dating apps on the market, from Bumble to Match Group s Hinge and Tinder, have long relied on machine learning, both to calibrate possible matches and to shield users from unsolicited nude photos, bots and fraudsters.But since the introduction of ChatGPT and other generative AI which in the last year have finally made the technology a household name entrepreneurs are finding new ways to apply it to dating,and many looking for love are adopting it at a rapid clip. Recent months have seen an explosion of everything from bots that ll spit out pick-up lines and flirt for you to AI editors that ll polish your dating profile and photo generators that can turn your bathroom selfies into high-quality headshots.All this has some bemoaning the sad dystopian state of romantic relationships, and others embracing the moment as a transformative one for human connection. More than a quarter of young Americans think algorithms can predict whether two people will fall in love, according to Pew data.Lindsey Metselaar, host of the popular dating podcast  We Met At Acme,  saidAI is making dating far more doable for busy peoplethat simply don t have the time to spend managing apps, and far more accessible for those who need advice but can t afford a coach or matchmaking service. If this AI bot has the same advice, or is programmed to have the same responses, as someone like me would tell them to say, then that's a win,  she toldForbes. Still, some sayemerging AI tools could complicate dating, contribute to app fatigue and make finding connections on these platforms worse.WHY IT MATTERS  When it comes to AI on dating apps, some think we're headed for the Twilight Zone; others feel more hopeful than ever that love is within reach,  says Alexandra S. Levine, a senior writer atForbescovering tech and culture.  But people have been using tools to curate how they show up on these platforms since well before AI existed look no further than Photoshop and Facetune and turning to friends to write or suggest pick-up lines when they were nervous or at a loss for words. In that way, what we re seeing AI doing now isn t so different than what we ve already been doing for years.What remains to be seen is whether these new AI tools have staying power (will they be just a fad?), whether they materially change the dating game (for better or worse?) and for whom. MORE TikTok Has A Matchmaking Service For Employees To Set Up Their ColleaguesFACTS AND COMMENTSEmergencymedical services in rural areas are less likely to reduce pain in trauma patients, provide proper care to kids experiencing asthma attacks, and are more likely to use lights and sirens unnecessarily, according to a new study from the Icahn School of Medicine of Mount Sinai. The research adds to previous findings thatrural health systems struggle morecompared to urban and suburban areas:Over half: The share of all EMS agencies that failed to meet multiple performance measures14 minutes: The amount of time between a 911 call and arrival on scene in rural areas, compared to an average of seven136: The number of rural hospital closures between 2010 and 2021, according to the American Hospital Association, which has led to an increase in rural ambulance travel timesSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSWe dlike to think that the job search process is fair and just, but the reality is, recruiters,hiring managers and employers can sometimes utilize questionable tactics. Some companies post jobs they have no intention of hiring for or will  ghost  job candidates, where a hiring manager cuts off communication with a candidate once it s determined they re not the right fit. Others will lowball applicants on their compensation package, prioritizing short-term profits and cost-cutting over employee satisfaction.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6346747275112/QUIZTracy Chapman s decades-old hit song  Fast Car  has surged in popularity following the 2024 Grammys and is back onBillboard s Hot 100. When was the song originally released?A. 1992B. 1985C. 1988D. 1983Check your answer.BEYOND THE NEWSROOMTo close Women s History Month and reflect on Equal Pay Day 2024, join Forbes for ourEqual Pay ForumonMarch 26as we convene leading voices to discuss the most meaningful levers of change to power the next chapter in the fight for pay equity.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMForbes  CIO newsletterwill bring you essential trends in enterprise tech: From digital transformation to cybersecurity and yes, a lot about AI.Click here to sign up.