This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,Remember the good old days when you could sign into your friend s Netflix account and stay logged in for years on end?All good things must come to an end, andMax is the latest streamertopursue plans to crack down on password sharing. It s not surprising: Netflix removed password sharing prior to the third quarter of 2023 and ended up adding 30 million net users by year s end, while Disney+ and Hulu will begin restricting the practice later this month.So, if you ve been coasting on someone else s Max account, the time to finally finishThe Sopranosis now.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Former President Donald Trump gestures to supporters at an election night watch party at Mar-a-Lago on March 5, 2024 in West Palm Beach, Florida.Win McNamee/Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Former President DonaldTrump won 14 out of 15 states that held GOP primary contestsyesterday, and while former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley did pull off an upset victory in Vermont,she will reportedly drop out of the presidential racelater this morning. In his Super Tuesday victory speech,Trump stuck to his typically pessimistic tone, and compared the U.S. to a  third-world country. MORE: Former President Trumpreportedly met with Elon Musk and other wealthy Republican donorsover the weekend, though it is not clear whether Musk, the world s second-richest person, will help Trump close his campaign cash gap with President Joe Biden.OpenAIissued a public rebuttal against Elon Musk, saying it will move to dismiss claims made by the billionairein a lawsuit accusing the company of abandoning its founding missionin favor of maximizing profits.  We re sad that it s come to this,  the blog post from Tuesday stated, referring to Musk as  someone who inspired us to aim higher, then told us we would fail, started a competitor, and then sued us when we started making meaningful progress towards OpenAI s mission without him. BUSINESS + FINANCEBitcoin sank 12% from its all-time high of $68,925that the cryptocurrency achieved late Tuesday morning to below $61,000 by late afternoon, heading toward itsworst daily decline since November 2022, highlighting a largely dreary day for investors. Equities also took a breather, as the S&P 500 tumbled 1%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 1%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq fell 1.7% without any major negative economic or earnings catalysts.MORE: The hits keep coming for Apple, as thetech giant's stock fell more than 2% to as low as $169, registering its lowest price since October 31 andnotching its fifth consecutive losing session. Apple shares  are at a crossroads,  declared Rosenblatt analyst Barton Crockett in a Tuesday note to clients, hypothesizing Apple may have lost its  luster  on Wall Street following its sunsetting of its electric vehicle project and the  uninspiring  launch of its Vision Pro mixed reality headset.The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau hasfinalized a rule that will bring average credit card late fees downfrom $32 to $8, a move the CFPB estimates will save consumers $10 billion in late fees. Butthe banking industry is pushing back, arguing that the rule will have knock-on consequences which will ultimately be worse for consumers. If credit card users aren't deterred from paying late by a high fee, then they may miss more payments, resulting in lower credit scores and reduced access to credit, the Bank Policy Institute argues.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>Gregg Hymowitz is CEO and founder of EnTrust GlobalGregg Hymowitz</figcaption></figure>In 1997, Gregg Hymowitz and a couple of colleagues from Goldman Sachs launched EnTrust Capital with 125 clients and $750 million in assets. Today,EnTrust has grown into a firm with $18.7 billion in assets, and Hymowitz himself is worth $1.7 billionbetween his 80% stake in EnTrust, his personal investments in EnTrust funds and other assets. In an interview withForbes, the Long Island native talks abouthow he built his fortune by buying distressed businessesand partnering with activists like Nelson Peltz.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>U.S. Sen. Kyrsten Sinema (I-AZ) speaks to reporters at the U.S. Capitol on February 05, 2024 in Washington, DC.Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Sen. Kyrsten Sinema (I-AZ) will not run for reelectionand will leave the chamber at the end of the year,she announced Tuesday in a videoon social media. Sinema became known for her objection to eliminating the Senate filibuster, which caused headaches for Democrats  agenda during President Joe Biden s first two years in office. She then switched her party affiliation from Democratic to independent at the end of 2022.Congressional leaders areintroducing a national security bill targeting social media apps, including TikTok, that are owned by companies subject to the control of a foreign adversary. The proposed legislation outlines a process through which the president candesignate adversary-owned apps of concern and offer incentives for their owners to divestthe app. The goal, sources say, is to allow the apps to stay up and running in the U.S. while tackling ownership issues that could pose privacy and national security risks.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENTDartmouth College smen s basketball team voted 13-2 in favor of unionizingTuesday, bringing them one step closer tobecoming the first undergraduate collegiate athletic team to unionizein the U.S. If players unionize, they could be able to negotiate compensation, travel and practice hours with the school, which has five days to file an objection, according to the National Labor Relations Board.SCIENCE + HEALTHCARERussian and Chinese officials are considering plans forinstalling a joint nuclear power plant on the moon's surfacewithin the next decade, the head of Russia's space agency said Tuesday.Nuclear energy on the moon would be able to power  future lunar settlements,  as modern solar panels would not be able to provide enough electricity, said Yuri Borisov, general director of Russia s Roscosmos.Drinkingmore than 67 ounces of sugary or artificially sweetened beverages a weekmayincrease the risk of developing atrial fibrillation an irregular heartbeat but organic fruit juices without added sugar may decrease this risk, according to a new study.  Based on these findings, we recommend that people reduce or even avoid artificially sweetened and sugar-sweetened beverages whenever possible,  the study's lead author said.DAILY COVER STORYThe Highest-Paid Actors of 2023<figure><figcaption>Illustration by Yunjia Yuan for Forbes; Photos by Getty Images</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE At the Academy Awards on Sunday, some of the most well-known actors in the world will pack the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles in a celebration of motion pictures.But which actors in the crowd made the most money last yearMargot Robbie and Ryan Gosling the stars ofBarbie, which is nominated for eight Oscars areranked No. 2 and No. 4 respectively on this year s top 10based solely on their estimated earnings from box office, video on-demand and the movie s first streaming window. Their total compensation for starring in the cultural phenomenon will be considerably higher. I promise, Margot Robbie will be receiving Barbie checks for the rest of her life, says one agent.In total, the10 highest-paid stars combined to earn $449 millionin 2023. They come almost exclusively from movies, rather than television, thanks in part to the writers  and actors  strikes that shut down Hollywood for half the year and delayed (or shortened) a number of TV seasons, and partially due to the now decades-long precedent that top movie stars can command up to $20 million up front for a single movie plus a percentage of its profits.At the top of the list? None other than 57-year-old funnyman Adam Sandler, who earned an estimated $73 million last year (after paying fees to his agent, manager and lawyer). Since signing his first $250 million four-picture deal with Netflix in 2014, Sandler has starred in eight movies for the streaming giant and produced several more through his Happy Madison production company. The majority of his back catalog of comedies are now licensed on the platform as well. In the first six months of 2023 alone,Netflix subscribers spent more than 500 million hours watching Sandler s movies.Or, as Netflix co-CEO Ted Sarandos explained when he re-upped the collaboration in 2020: There s no such thing as too much Sandler. WHY IT MATTERSBeyond the hefty salaries, what s truly been earned by this year s highest-paid stars isgreater power within the industry, particularly the ability to negotiate for even more favorable deal terms on their next project. In an industry where pay can rise or fall based on each performance, this list represents a snapshot of who has the most leverage in Hollywood in 2024.MORE Why Dick Wolf Wants To Make Hit TV Shows Until He Is 100FACTS AND COMMENTSThe University of Iowa women s basketball game against Ohio State University over the weekend in which Iowa's Caitlin Clarkbroke the all-time NCAA scoring record was themost-watched regular season women's basketball game in 25 years, according to Fox:3.3 million:The average number of viewers who tuned into the game5.18 million: The average number of viewers watched the men's Michigan State-Arizona game on Thanksgiving, the only regular season college basketball game this season that had a higher viewership than the Iowa women's game, according to Sports Media Watch3,685:Clark's career point total, surpassing Pete Maravich's total of 3,667 points, a record that stood for more than 50 yearsSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSCongress has quite a lot on its to-do list, including a number of potential changes that could affect federal taxes for 2023.Here s a detailed rundown on pending legislation, plus guidance on whether it makes sense to hold off on filing.Taxpayers with children who qualify for the child tax credit, for instance, should not wait on Congress, but businesses that issue a Form K-1, or individuals who expect to get one, should plan on filing for an extension and waiting to see what happens.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6348274761112/QUIZScientists at the New England Aquarium in Boston said on Tuesday they spotted a rare gray whale in the waters south of Nantucket, a shocking sighting of a species thought to have been extinct in the Atlantic for over 200 years. While not endangered, gray whales are found almost exclusivelyin what part of the world?A. North PacificB. South PacificC. Indian OceanD. Antarctic OceanCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMForbes  CIO newsletterwill bring you essential trends in enterprise tech: From digital transformation to cybersecurity and yes,a lotabout AI.Click here to sign up.