This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,Vegas oddsmakers would have you believe that the96th Academy Awards on Sunday will be the . And look, they re probably not wrong: With 13 nominations, the movie is just one shy of the most nominations ever.But there are plenty of tight races to watch out for:American Fiction could very well beat outOppenheimer for Best Adapted Screenplay, which would be a major moment for screenwriter and first-time director Cord Jefferson. And some pundits believe there s an outside chance that Paul Giamatti (The Holdovers) could snatch Best Actor away from Cillian Murphy.Plus, there are a number of moments that won t involve the atomic bomb at all from Ryan Gosling belting out  I m Just Ken  live onstage to the Best Actress showdown between Emma Stone (Poor Things) and Lily Gladstone (Killers of the Flower Moon).No matter what happens, the Oscars are a time to celebrate the wonder of movies. And, in this writer s humble opinion, the10 films up for Best Picture this yearare some of the best nominees in recent memory.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>President Joe Biden holds up a button with the name of Laken Riley as he delivers his State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress on Capitol Hill on Thursday, March 7, 2024 in Washington, DC.Matt McClain/The Washington Post via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>In an unscripted moment during Thursday s State of the Union address,President Joe Biden responded to heckling from Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene(R-Ga.) demanding he say the name of Georgia college student Laken Riley,whose killing has become a rallying cry for Republicansin the debate over immigration. Biden said Riley was  an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal  after Greene interrupted him, adding  to her parents I say, my heart goes out to you. Biden made 13 references to  my predecessor,  former President Donald Trump, including criticizing him forencouraging Republicans in Congress to block the Senate s bipartisan legislationto address issues at the U.S. border.Ahead of Biden s speech yesterday, the White House saidit will direct the U.S. militaryto establisha temporary port in Gaza to serve as a humanitarian aid operation, as negotiations for a ceasefire have stalled. In a December poll, 57% of registered voters said they disapproved of Biden s handling of the Israel-Hamas war.BUSINESS + FINANCEMajor stock indexesstormed toward a record high dayThursday after this week s relatively neutral comments by Fed Chairman Jerome Powell. The S&P jumped to a new all-time closing price of 5,157, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose 1.5% to 16,273, just short of its record. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones ended the day about 1% shy of its all-time high.Quite a few major companies also saw record share pricesThursday, including Nvidia, Costco, Walmart, Williams-Sonoma and a number of others.The National Transportation Safety Board announced on Thursday it wasinvestigating the Boeing 737 Max 8aftera pedal that controls the rudder became  stuck while an aircraft attempted to land in February, two months after it started looking into the 737 Max 9. This latest probe comes after a United Airlines flight experienced a close call in which the captain reported that his rudder pedal remained in  neutral  position while they applied a normal amount of foot pressure. The captain was able to safely land the plane with no injuries.With bitcoin surpassing $69,000 for the first time earlier this week,investors face an important question:Will this remain the bitcoin story, or will other digital assets rise to the forefront?The crypto bulls are hoping that the market will soon transition to another  alt-season.  This occurs when investors roll profits made from core crypto assets such as bitcoin and ethereum into more speculative tokens like solana, celestia and chainlink, with increased levels of volatility but potentially higher gains.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>PHILIP PACHECO/BLOOMBERG</figcaption></figure>Famed startup accelerator Y Combinator is an institution that historically had promoted from within, so whenventure capitalist Garry Tan stepped into its CEO rolea little over a year ago, many inside the organization that incubated Airbnb, Stripe and DoorDash were shocked. Tan has worked to win them over byreshaping Y Combinator in a  return to roots, as he describes it making the startup factory brasher, leaner and meaner.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>The Rivian R3 electric crossover will arrive sometime after the company's new R2 SUV debuts in 2026.RIVIAN</figcaption></figure>Electric vehicle makerRivian unveiled a smaller, cheaper SUVthat the company plans to start selling in 2026, as well as two other affordable EV models,causing its shares to jump more than 13% Thursday. The R2 SUV, which is shorter and lower than the California company s current R1S model, will have a base price of $45,000, CEO RJ Scaringe said.MORE: Rivian also announced that it will indefinitelyhalt plans for a $5 billion production facility in Georgia, with Scaringe saying the automaker will assemble the newly unveiled EV models at the company s existing plant in Illinois.Lawmakers are being bombarded with calls fromTikTokers who ve opened the app to a message urging them to call Congressto prevent it from banning the wildly popular platform in the U.S. By harnessing the power and loyalty of its enormous userbase, TikTok is pushing back on a bipartisan bill that targets the social media platform and its Chinese parent company ByteDance. TikTok spokesperson Alex Haurek toldForbes the notification went out to users over the age of 18, but the company did not respond to questions about how many users have seen the message.MONEY + POLITICSThe $540 million and counting that Donald Trump owes as a result of recent lawsuits in New York isjust part of the former president s cascading cash crunch. Over the next five years,Trump has about $780 million in mortgages coming due, just part of the more than $1 billion in debt against his properties. Trump does have more time to figure out how to handle these loans than he does the $83.3 million he owes E. Jean Carroll, which is due on Saturday. But not much his first mortgage comes due in July.Sweden officially joined NATO on Thursdayafter two years of negotiations,dealing a blow to Russiaas it looks to halt the organization s expansion in Europe during its war in Ukraine. Sweden, long known as a neutral party in European affairs, made a bid to join NATO in 2022, and its Scandinavian neighbor, Finland, joined the now-32-member bloc last April.SCIENCE + HEALTHCAREFollowing the release of promising results forits new oral weight loss treatment, shares of Novo Nordisk the maker of weight loss drug Ozemipic surged 10% to a record high on Thursday. That gives the pharmaceutical company a market cap of about $610 billion,making it more valuable than Tesla, which had a market cap of about $560 billion Thursday.TRAVEL + LIFESTYLE<figure><figcaption>Atlantis Paradise Island Bahamas is known for its landmark pink architecture.Michael Reaves/Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Flush with cash from her $1.4 billion blockbuster,Barbie is planning a Caribbean vacation. On Thursday,Mattel revealed a partnership with the Atlantis Paradise Island Bahamas, with the resort adding Barbie-themed beachside guest rooms and special Barbie experiences, including life-size playsets, cooking classes, and a Barbie-inspired menu featuring desserts, cocktails and mocktails.TRENDS + EXPLAINERS With tax season rolling along, themost recent filing data still shows a dip in tax returns receivedby the IRS compared to this time last year, and the number of refunds issued so far has remained relatively low. The good news, however, is thatthe average tax refund continues to climb higher: $3,213 per taxpayer as of February 23, 2024, compared to $3,079 as of the same date in 2023, an increase of 4.3%.DAILY COVER STORYHere s How Much Christopher Nolan Made On  Oppenheimer <figure><figcaption>JOE PUGILIESE/LOS ANGELES TIMES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE  And the Oscar goes to  At the 96th Academy Awards on Sunday, it s likely that that phrase will be followed by the wordOppenheimermore often than not. Assuming it sweeps the awards ceremony as oddsmakers are predicting the atomic bomb biopic willbecome the highest-grossing Best Picture winner in 20 yearsand one of the highest ever (behind onlyLord of the Rings: Return of the King andTitanic) with nearly $1 billion in global box office receipts.And for director Christopher Nolan, it will cement his status asthe most bankable auteur in Hollywood.Forbes estimates that the 53-year-old director is earning 15% ofOppenheimer s  first-dollar gross,  meaning he gets paid a share of every cent the movie earns even before the studio recoups its expenses. From the box office haul, home video sales and licensing the movie s first streaming window alone,Nolan will make an estimated $72 million pre-tax, after paying fees to his agent and lawyer. And that total will continue to rise as the movie is re-sold to streamers and is licensed for years to come.Every studio movie Nolan has produced since first partnering with Warner Bros. for 2002 sInsomniahas grossed at least $100 million at the box office, andsix of his last seven films most notably the final twoDark Knightfilms have grossed more than $500 million.But after a rather public breakup with Warner Bros., Nolan became a free agent and Universal landedOppenheimer. To do so, the studio had to meet the director s conditions, including a $100 million production budget, another $100 million for marketing, total creative control, an extended theatrical window, as well as that 15% of first-dollar gross (Nolan had originally asked for 20%).The director has now achieved an almost cult-like influenceover the filmgoing community, who see him as a champion of the sanctity of the cinematic experience. BeforeOppenheimer s release, Nolan had advocated that viewers see the movie in IMAX, preferably 70mm IMAX, the giant format in which the movie was filmed (also, coincidentally, the most expensive ticket). It became the fourth-highest grossing IMAX movie of all time, accounting for $183.2 million or nearly 20% of the total haul.WHY IT MATTERSGiven the enormous success ofOppenheimercommercially and critically, the battle for Nolan s next project promises to be even more intense. Last year,Varietyreported that Warner Bros. sent him a seven-figure royalty check, no strings attached, as an advance against his eventual back-end earnings for 2020 sTeneT. The studio also putTeneTback in theaters, partially to ride the wave of support for the director and partially, no doubt, in an attempt to repair the relationship. We re hoping to get Nolan back, Warner Bros. co-CEO Michael De Luca toldVariety.MORE The Highest-Paid Actors Of 2023FACTS AND COMMENTSGerman discount supermarket chainAldi has announced plans to open hundreds of new storesacross the U.S. over the next four years, anexpansion fueled in-part by its acquisitionof Winn-Dixie and Harveys Supermarket:800:The number of stores the chain plans to open, which will give it a total of nearly 3,200 stores by the end of the expansion$9 billion: The investment being made to open the new storesNearly 100: The number of new stores in the U.S. that Aldi has opened annually for the last decadeSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSIf you re someone who knows your way around a ChatGPT prompt, there s high demand for that expertise in the job market:AI job listings have surged 42% since late 2022, while the tech industry as a whole has trended downward.AI prompt engineer is one of the popular roles, which involves designing and continually refining inputs on generative AI platforms, such as Gemini, ChatGPT, Midjourney and DALLE-2. Salary ranges for prompt engineer job listings range from $200,000 to more than $300,000.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6348406531112/QUIZThe American Ornithological Society last fall committed to changing the names of 70 to 80 species of birds to avoid names that have  associations with the past that continue to be exclusionary and harmful.  But one state s lawmakers have already decided wildlife officials will be barred from using any new names,which state is it?A. TexasB. UtahC. FloridaD. AlabamaCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMWant to keep up with the latest on all things tax?Forbessenior writer Kelly Phillips Erb is covering it all in our newest newsletter,Tax Breaks.You can sign up here.