This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,The late Alaskan Sen. Ted Stevens once described the internet as  a series of tubes,  and while it s not, really (his metaphor was widely mocked), the internetissurprisingly dependent on a series of cables.At least four undersea fiber optic cableswere damaged last week in the Red Sea, and a Hong Kong telecom operator estimates that 25% of the internet traffic between Asia and Europe has been impacted. Instability in the region also means repairs won t happen immediately.Fiber optic cables are responsible for an estimated 97% of all internet traffic, including access for the device you re probably using to read this newsletter. When three divers attempted to cut an undersea cable in 2013, internet speeds in Egypt fell by about 60%.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>US President Joe Biden walks along the US-Mexico border fence in El Paso, Texas, on January 8, 2023. (Photo by Jim WATSON / AFP) (Photo by JIM WATSON/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>The Biden administrationasked the Supreme Court to weigh in on a controversial lawin Texas that allows state and local law enforcement to arrest people they believe entered the country illegally, arguing that the law would  profoundly (alter) the status quothat has existed between the United States and the States in the context of immigration for almost 150 years.  The Biden administration says that the  authority to admit and remove noncitizens is a core responsibility of the National Government. BillionaireMark Cuban told Bloomberg on Monday he d vote for President Joe Bidenover Republican frontrunner Donald Trumpevenif Biden was receiving his  last rites. Cuban, the founder of Cost Plus Drugs, visited the White House for a roundtable on prescription drugs Monday, and said the president should stop working with the three major pharmacy benefit managers that negotiate drug prices for insurance companies, and that doing so would  change an entire industry in less than five years. BUSINESS + FINANCE<figure><figcaption>The Apple logo is displayed at the Apple Store June 17, 2015 on Fifth Avenue in New York City. (Photo by Eric Thayer/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Apple shares dipped yesterday following the European Union s landmark decision tofine the company nearly $2 billion over antitrust violations, resulting in the tech giant s biggest single-day decline since January 2. It sthe EU s first antitrust fine on Apple, with the commission ruling Apple had  applied restrictions  on its rival app developers and hurt competition by prohibiting those companies from informing iPhone users of  alternative and cheaper  subscription services.Bitcoin is within striking distance of its highest price ever, after the world s largest cryptocurrency broke $65,000 for the first time since 2021 on Monday and is just shy of its record high of nearly $69,000achieved during the brief 2021 spike. There s ongoing bullishness from the spot bitcoin exchange-traded funds launched earlier this year, as well as optimism about an upcoming  halving  event, which typically drives bitcoin prices higher in anticipation of a decrease in supply.Gig economy giants DoorDash and Lyft each saw share prices tick up Mondayafter analysts upgraded their ratings from neutral to buy, not only due to the stocks  individual merits, but also on the potential of ajoint venture between the firms to compete with their shared nemesis Uber. A buzzy note from RBC Capital Markets analysts Brad Erickson and Logan Reich said both stocks are  undervalued,  but the possibility of DoorDash and Lyft uniting together against their  common competitor  Uber could create  significant value. TECH + INNOVATIONAI unicorn Anthropic releasedits new enterprise-focused Claude 3 modelyesterday, calling it theworld s most intelligent model to date, outperforming rival offerings. On a number of popular test subjects including undergraduate level general knowledge, grade school math, computer code and question-and-answers knowledge, Claude 3 Opus outperformed OpenAI s GPT-4 and Google s Gemini 1.0 Ultra, per benchmarks the company shared.Four ex-Twitter executives, including former CEO Parag Agrawal, sued Elon Musk on Monday for  gross negligence  and  willful misconduct,  alleging he owes them more than $128 million in severance payafter he fired them following his 2022 takeoverof the site.  This is the Musk playbook: to keep the money he owes other people, and force them to sue him,  the suit reads.MONEY + POLITICSToday is Super Tuesday, and as15 states hold their GOP primary contests, former President Donald Trump is expected to take a big leap towardsecuring the delegates needed to clinch the Republican nomination. Former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has vowed to stay in the race at least until Super Tuesday, but is likely to face renewed pressure to drop out of the race after results come in.MORE: The Supreme Court ruled thatTrump cannot be disqualified from an individual state s presidential ballotunder the 14th Amendment, reversing a Colorado ruling, after justices unilaterally found thatstates cannot remove federal candidates from the ballot. In a concurring opinion, liberal Justices Sonia Sotomayor, Elena Kagan and Ketanji Brown Jackson wrote that upholding the Colorado ruling would  create a chaotic state-by-state patchwork. SCIENCE + HEALTHCARE<figure><figcaption>Nearly 93% of California is completely out of a drought, and only 7% is considered abnormally dry. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Forecasters from AccuWeather said on Monday theyexpect California to remain drought-free through 2025, after two straight years of epic winter storms,reversing what had been a daunting  megadrought. California has already made progress toward ending the drought, with nearly 93% of the state completely drought-free as of Monday, and the remainder in only an  abnormally dry  state, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.DAILY COVER STORYElon Musk Failed To Quash This Chinese Billionaire s Tesla Rival   Now Its Going Global<figure><figcaption>He XiaopengFANG YI FEI FOR FORBES ASIA</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE At January s seminal CES tech trade show in Las Vegas, at least one car model stood out as a daily driver George Jetson might ve used:Xpeng s AeroHT flying car concept.That s perhaps the most literal example of thesky-high ambition from the Chinese automaker, but it s not their only lofty goal company chairman and CEO He Xiaopeng has plenty on his plate, including aspirations to expand internationally and be a high-end EV producer abroad, to end a string of losses and to become one of China s three largest EV makers by 2030. (By deliveries, Xpeng wasn t in the top 10 in 2023.)For growth, the automaker chief is turning to Europe, the world s second-biggest EV market after China (by vehicles delivered), and a place moving to phase out non-electric cars from 2035. Plus, import duties on cars are only 10% there, compared with as much as 27.5% in the U.S.But there are issues in Europe. Amid the supply glut at home, Xpeng isn t the only car maker hoping to sell to the region. Led by billionaire Wang Chuanfu s BYD, which is building its first European car factory in Hungary, a dozen Chinese EV makers are already competing there. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said last fall thatglobal markets  are now flooded with cheaper Chinese electric cars, and the EU has opened an anti-dumping investigation against Chinese EVs.Xpeng s billionaire mogul remains determined to build up in Europe, and then Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. In Norway, Xpeng s $63,000 G9 SUV became one of the 15 best-selling pure electric vehicles in 2023 s final quarter, according to Berlin-based research firm Schmidt Automotive Research. Wang Hanyang of 86Research estimates that Xpeng in 2023 delivered about 2,000 cars in Denmark, Norway, Sweden and the Netherlands, the four European markets it has a presence.While the number is small, it marks a step forward for Xpeng.This year, the company says it will expand to Germany, France and Italy. In the second half, it will introduce its first right-hand driving model for Britain and other countries where people drive on the left side of the road.The company will also start researching self-driving tech for Europe this year, in a push to eventually make advanced autonomous driving features available across the region.  I want to establish Xpeng as a mid- to high-end brand overseas,  He says.  Selling cars cheaply is definitely not my purpose. WHY IT MATTERSBut analysts say establishing a premium brand image will be an uphill battle. For high-end cars, European consumers still prefer entrenched local brands such as Porsche and Mercedes-Benz, says Matthias Schmidt, founder of Schmidt Automotive Research. That means Chinese EV makers are competing more in the lower-priced market. MG, a once iconic British brand that was acquired by China s state-owned SAIC in 2007, later shifted to sell cheaper cars. The transition enabled it to become the fifth-largest EV brand by deliveries in Western Europe, according to Singapore-based research firm Canalys.  The ambition to be seen as a mid- to high-end brand is easier said than done,  writes Schmidt.  In short it will be very tough. MORE White House: Chinese Cars On U.S. Roads Could  Undermine Our National Security FACTS AND COMMENTSUse of Zelle, a product launched by the big banks in 2017to compete with payment services such as Venmo and CashApp, increased last year as more small businesses embraced the app:$806 billion: The amount of money transferred using Zelle in 2023, up 28% from the year prior2.9 billion: The number of transactions made using the service last year1.9%: The percentage of the transaction value plus 10 cents per transaction that Venmo charges businesses as a fee, while the majority of banks don t charge a fee if businesses use ZelleSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSGenerative AI gets all of the hype, but for businesses eager to figure out their  AI strategy, predictive AI often delivers greater bottom-line improvementsto enterprise efficiencies. Itlearns from data to predict outcomes and behaviors, and can help reduce the workload behind rote, systematic processes that consist of many individual decisions.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6348105396112/QUIZA longtime Trump associate pleaded guilty to two counts of perjury yesterday, stemming from his 2020 deposition in Trump s New York civil fraud case, and his statements about a Trump penthouse.Forbes reporting on the matter sparked new criminal charges for which Trump associateA. Allen WeisselbergB. Michael CohenC. Steve BannonD. Roger StoneCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMFrom cutting-edge science to biotech to VC deals,Forbes'InnovationRx newsletteroffers the latest headlines at the intersection of health and business.Click here to sign up, and we'll see you in your inbox Wednesdays.