This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning to you and to Japan s  Moon Sniper  rover, whichregained power and woke up on the Moonthis morning,a surprise turnaround for the country s historic space missionafter its successful "pinpoint" touchdown 10 days ago. Japan s space agency powered the craft down after discovering that its upside-down position left it likely unable to generate solar power. Very exciting and inspiring.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Nasser Kanaani speaks at a press conference in Tehran, Iran, Jan. 8, 2024.Xinhua News Agency via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Iranian authorities on Monday denied being involved ina drone strike on a U.S. military basein Jordan that killed three American soldiers and injured 25 afterPresident Joe Biden blamed  radical Iran-backed militants for carrying out the attacks and promised a response. Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Nasser Kanaani told the state-controlled Islamic Republic News Agency that  resistance groups in the region do not take orders from Iran in their decisions and actions."MORE: The head of the United Nations agency providing humanitarian aid to Palestinian refugeesdenounced a move by a growing number of countries including the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia, Germany and Finland to pull funding for the agencyfollowing allegations by Israel that some of its staffers participated in Hamas  attack on Israel on Oct. 7.BUSINESS + FINANCENearly 200,000 Teslaswere recalled last weekdue to a rearview camera issue, including Models S, X and Y from 2023. No deaths, injuries or crashes have been reported from the issue, butit comes less than two months after the carmaker s last recallof more than two million vehicles. It capped a week of bad news for Tesla, which missed estimates on earnings and saw around a 13% stock decline.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIP<figure><figcaption>World's top luxury group LVMH head Bernard Arnault presents the group's 2023 annual results in Paris, on January 25, 2024.STEPHANE DE SAKUTIN/AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Bernard Arnault, the billionaire chairman and CEOof global luxury goods company LVMH the entity behind dozens of luxury goods brands like Louis Vuitton and Sephora is nowthe richest man in the worldwith a net worth of over $207 billion, passing Elon Musk. The news comes as Arnault, 74, nominated two of his sons to sit on the company board alongside two other children in a move to secure long-term family control.MONEY + POLITICS In a controversial decision praised by environmentalists and criticized by the oil and gas industry, the Biden Administration announced atemporary pause pending approvals of liquefied natural gasexport facilities. Biden framed the decision as a key part of his climate agenda and, amid an election year, sought to use the pause to contrast  MAGA Republicans  who willfully deny the urgency of the climate crisis. Former PresidentDonald Trump attacked United Auto Workers chief Shawn Fainand accused him of playing into the hand of China on Sunday night after the union leader took several shots at the leading GOP candidate in a TV interview while praising President Joe Biden. In a post on his Truth Social platform, Trump hit out at the UAW president, saying he was a  real  STIFF  who isselling the Automobile Industry right into the big, powerful, hands of China. SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT<figure><figcaption>Jannik Sinner of Italy celebrates during the finals of the 2024 Australian Open on January 28 2024, at Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Australia.Jason Heidrich/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Playing in his first Grand Slam final, 22-year-oldJannik Sinner backed up his winover 10-time champion Novak Djokovic in the semifinals by storming from two sets down to defeat No. 3 Daniil Medvedev andcapturing his first major title. The No. 4 seed, a former junior skiing star, is the first Italian to win the Australian Open crown.The estate of famed comedianGeorge Carlin has filed a lawsuit against the creatorsof an hour-long comedy specialfeaturing an AI-generated versionof Carlin, which faced backlash from his family members and fans. The suit called it  a bastardization of Carlin s real work and his legacy,  and accuses the company behind the special, Dudesy, of using copyrighted material without seeking consent or offering compensation.TRAVEL + LIFESTYLERémy Martin, one of the big four Cognac houses, turns 300 years old this year. With a history stretching back to the 13th century, here arefive things you probably didn t knowabout the history of Cognac.DAILY COVER STORYThese Women Are Selling Mary Kay Makeup From Bomb Shelters In War-Torn Ukraine<figure><figcaption>Marichka Lukyanova has been selling Mary Kay cosmetics during the Ukraine-Russia war.PROVIDED BY MARICHKA LUKYANOVA</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE In theweeks following Russia s invasion of Ukrainein February 2022, Marichka Lukyanova was inundated with messages from family and friends checking in to make sure she and her two children were safe from the air strikes in Lviv, where she lives. They were safe, but Lukyanova feared thather business selling Mary Kay cosmeticswould be one of the casualties of war. I said to myself, Marichika,who will need your cosmetics if there is a warin your country?  recalled Lukyanova.Instead,American multi-level marketing company Mary Kayhas shown surprising staying power during the war, with a growing Ukrainian salesforce of an estimated 70,000 women hawking its makeup, even if it means navigating frequent air siren alarms, shelling and blackouts. Interviews with over a dozen people selling Mary Kay products on the ground reveal thecosmetics have become a lifelinefor some looking to support their families or make extra money as Ukraine s economy has suffered from the war.For many, it is the only source of income, with husbands, brothers or children fighting. But it s been tough going, and thesalespeople have been faced with a war-torn economy and double-digit inflation skincare and cosmetics sales in Ukraine fell 13% to $189 million last year, according to GlobalData along with the challenges inherent in Mary Kay s business model.WHY IT MATTERS Dallas-based Mary Kay arrived in Ukraine three decades ago and did not respond to questions about how much the average consultant makes in Ukraine. Some havestruggled to make much money. Natalia Marynets, a trained lawyer who began selling in 2023, spends two or three hours a day on Mary Kay and has recruited 16 consultants but still only makes about $200 a month.For many womenForbesspoke to, the additional income wasn t the only benefit of working as a Mary Kay consultant during the war.  I have anopportunity to distract our women from negativityand at the same time give them a good mood,  Marynets said.  Even during the Second World War, red lipstick was like an antidepressant for women. MORE: Was Your Clothing Made By Forced Labor? These Startups Can Tell YouFACTS AND COMMENTSVince McMahon, the 78-year-old cofounder of WWE wrestling and executive chair of the TKO Group Holdings, resigned amid allegations by a former employeeaccusing him of sex trafficking and sexual assault, which he has denied, adding to previousaccusations of sexual misconduct against the wrestling mogul.$3 Million: The amount a former WWE employee said she d been offered to sign a non-disclosure agreement to keep quiet about her alleged affair with McMahon$9.3 Billion: The enterprise value of WWE at the 2023 Endeavor acquisition; WWE was later merged with UFC to form a new, publicly traded company called TKO Holdings1982: The year McMahon purchased what was then the World Wrestling Federation from his fatherSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSNeed fresh ammo to persuade your bossthey shouldn't make office returns mandatory? Two new studies suggest remote work not only lures more diverse and experienced candidates willing to trade higher pay for flexibility but thatoffice mandates don't appear to boost financial performanceand may hurt job satisfaction.The most important part of your estate planisn t about taxes, investments, gifts or other financial issues. The priority of every estate plan for people of every age is medical care documents.This critical part of the estate planensures your care and comfort for the rest of your life.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6345648636112/QUIZTwo protesters advocating for sustainable food systems hurled pumpkin soup at the Mona Lisa safely protected by bulletproof glass at the Louvre in Paris on Sunday.Which Renaissance artistpainted the iconic masterpiece?A. Sandro BotticelliB. CaravaggioC. Leonardo da VinciD. MichelangeloCheck your answer. 