ToplineFormer South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley officially suspended her presidential campaign Wednesday, congratulating former President Donald Trump the party s de facto nominee but stopping short of endorsing him in a concession speech.<figure><figcaption>Republican presidential candidate and former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley arrives to announce the suspension of her presidential campaign at her campaign headquarters on March 06, 2024 in Daniel Island, South Carolina. (Photo by Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images)Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsHaley, acknowledging that Trump is all but certain to win the Republican presidential nomination, said  it is now up to Donald Trump to earn the votes of those in our party and beyond it who did not support him. Haley walked back her previous promise to support the eventual GOP nominee in aninterviewover the weekend, but said,  I wish anyone well who would be America s president. Haley announced she was suspending her campaign hours after losing 14 of 15 primary contests onSuper Tuesdayto Trump, who has now won a total of 23 of 25 Republican primaries so far, paving the way for him to exceed the delegate threshold needed to secure the nomination as soon as next week and setting the stage for a historic rematch with President Joe Biden in November.The former U.N. ambassador quoted Margaret Thatcher in addressing speculation about whether she would support Trump, as other GOP candidates who have dropped out have done, telling reporters from her campaign headquarters in Daniel Island, South Carolina, to  never just follow the crowd, always make up your own mind. With Haley out of the race, the Republican National Committee is expected to effectively merge with Trump s campaign and be led by a trio of his hand-picked allies, including his daughter-in-law Lara Trump and campaign adviser Chris LaCivita and North Carolina GOP chair Michael Whatley.Key BackgroundHaley, who announced her campaign for president in February, became increasingly critical of Trump as the candidate field narrowed, calling him  toxic,  and accusing him of making U.S. politics  self-absorbed  and  chaotic.  She was Trump s sole remaining competitor after Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis dropped out of the race on Jan. 21, and she promised to stay in the contest at least until Super Tuesday, what she said was a bid to prevent Trump from being handed the nomination, akin to what she described as a  coronation.  Haley s brief moment of momentum in polls, coupled with notable debate performances, helped her attracta coalitionof wealthy GOP donors seeking an alternative to Trump, and she continued to fundraise in the final days of her campaign, bringing in $1 million in the first few days of March, her campaign said last week. But voters made clear that Trump maintains his hold over the Republican party, delivering him victories in nearly every primary contest except two low-turnout elections in deeply blueWashington, D.C.and Vermont.ContraTrump, who did not mention Haley in his Super Tuesday victory speech, said in a Truth Social post Wednesday, moments after she took the stage in South Carolina, that he hopes she  stays in the  race  and fights it out until the end!  reprising his claims that her votes and financial support came from  Radical Left Democrats. Big Number89. That s how many delegates Haley won, of the 1,215 needed to secure the nomination, as of Wednesday. Trump has won 995.What To Watch ForEighty-six of the more than 850 GOP delegates up for grabs Tuesday had yet to be allocated as of Wednesday morning. Trumpcouldsecure the nomination as soon as March 12, when 161 delegates in four states will be up for grabs, plus the nine from the American Samoa caucuses on March 8. The Republican party will officially nominate a presidential candidate at its convention in July in Milwaukee.Crucial Quote Donald Trump made it clear he doesn t want Nikki Haley s supporters,  Biden said in a statement Wednesday.  I want to be clear: There is a place for them in my campaign. 