This is this week s ForbesWomen newsletter, which every Thursday brings news about the world s top female entrepreneurs, leaders and investors straight to your inbox. Gloria Steinem wants today s female changemakers to know that if it looked like she and theother feminist icons of the 1960s, 70s and 80shad their leadership strategy  all figured out,  this was not necessarily the case. I think they think we knew more than we knew,  Steinem said during a women s leadership conversation at her house this week.  Demystify us and say, okay, you know, we didn't [know everything], but we had hopes, and we had each other. This reminder that even the most accomplished leaders often have to improvise and lean on others came during an event co-hosted by Steinem and Take the Lead cofounder (and 50 Over 50 lister)Gloria Feldton Presidents  Day. It was, perhaps, an ironic day to talk about women s leadership (after all, in 145 years of observance, Presidents  Day remains a celebration of Americanmaleleaders), but as I sat listening to  the glorious Glorias,  as another attendee put it, I realized the irony was also the point of the gathering. Everybody is a leader from wherever they are. And it's really important for women, especially, to know that and to really feel that in their minds and in their hearts,  Feldt said,  and to understand that power that they already have. Cheers to that!Exclusive Forbes Investigation: How Oprah And Other Billionaires Are Buying Up Hawaii<figure><figcaption>ILLUSTRATIONS BY JASON RAISH FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>America s richest have been buying in Hawaii for years, but no one knew exactly how extensive their holdings were. To figure it out, Forbes spent months digging through thousands of property records on Hawaii s six biggest islands. The results were astonishing:Just 37 billionaires own at least 218,000 acres.That s 5.3% of the state s total land and 11.1% of all non-government-owned land though it is likely even higher given the lengths to which these billionaires go to obscure their ownership. Expressed a different way: Those 37 people, equal to just 0.003% of Hawaii s total population of 1.4 million, own 11% of its private land.ICYMI: News Of The Week<figure><figcaption>In the cell laboratory, culture dishes are prepared at the Fertility Center Berlin to collect the eggs after egg retrieval. Photo: Jens Kalaene/dpa (Photo by Jens Kalaene/picture alliance via Getty Images)dpa/picture alliance via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>The Alabama Supreme Courtruled Friday that frozen embryos are children a ruling based on lawsuits from three couples alleging wrongful death of a minor over the accidental destruction of frozen embryos at a fertility clinic in the state. The ruling has had fast consequences, with theAlabama Fertility Specialistsin Birminghampausing in vitro fertilization treatments thesecond known clinic in the state to do so.Barbara Picower,81, is one of the country s 25 biggest philanthropists, with lifetime giving estimated byForbesat $3.15 billion, yet few people know her name.This is the inside look at her story.Hong Kong entrepreneur Solina Chauhas long been one of the world s most powerful women she ranked No. 81 on our 2023 list but her personal fortune was always something of a mystery. While her company still won t comment,Forbesfor the first timehas been able to estimate, through regulatory filings, her net worth to be at least $2.3 billion.TheNCAA women s basketball selection committeeannounced itsfirst top 16 seed reveal. Five teams from the Pac-12 were in the group, more than any other conference. Two Pac-12 teams were one seeds, one a two seed, and two a three seed.Not bad for a conference that won t exist after this year.A Freeland, Michigan woman was arrested for stealing over 1,000 luxury items, valued at $823,000,from at least three fashion rental subscription websites and then reselling them online, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District Court of New York recently announced. Behind this caseis a credit card scheme that fraud prevention experts say is popular among  amateur  fraudsters.The Checklist1. Take a reality check before your promotion. Leading others can be harder than it looks. Here s how tohit the pause button and reflect before you accept more responsibility. 2. Manage your personal brand. Whether you like it or not,doing this is now an important part of managing your career.3. Avoid toxic workplace politics. To put it bluntly, office politics suck. Experts agree that they decrease productivity, and in many ways, can contribute to a hostile workplace.Here are four ways you can take the higher ground.The QuizActor and singer Bridgit Mendler might be best known for her roles in Disney Channel sGood Luck CharlieandLemonade Mouth, but she recently announced her newest role as CEO of a tech startup that will focus on what?(A) A text-to-video generative AI app(B) An AI chatbot offering advice to young women(C) A cross-platform music recommendation service(D) A satellite data transfer companyCheck your answer.Liked what you read?