ToplineCurtis Sliwa, the former Republican candidate for Mayor of New York, is facing criticism from Gov. Kathy Hochul (D-N.Y.) after his vigilante safety patrol, the Guardian Angels, detained and headlocked a man they claimed was a migrant and shoplifting suspect who the police now say was neither.<figure><figcaption>The  migrant  was later identified as a Bronx resident and was only cited for disorderly conduct.Copyright 2021 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.</figcaption></figure>Key FactsSliwa was beinginterviewedby Fox News host Sean Hannity on Tuesday, about the ongoing migrant crisis in New York City, when the group he oversees, the Guardian Angels, appeared to detain a man on-air who they claimed was a migrant and a shoplifting suspect   an incident that drew controversy after the NYPD contradicted his claims about the man. You cannot take the law into your own hands,  Hochul said on CNN This Morning on Thursday, adding that she  reject[s] the premise that anyone can take the law into their own hands, then we have chaos this is not the wild west, this is New York state. The governor did not say if she would ask prosecutors to investigate the incident on Tuesday.While still on the air with Hannity, Sliwa said his group  gave him a little pain compliance and he was  sucking concrete. However, the NYPDlater confirmedthe man was not a migrant, but instead a Bronx resident who was only cited for disorderly conduct for loud and threatening behavior on a sidewalk not shoplifting.Key BackgroundTuesday s incident on Fox News comes as tensions rise in New York over property crime and a continued influx of migrants bussed to the city from the southern border. Mayor Adams declared astate of emergencyafter Texas Gov. Greg Abbott began sending busloads of migrants to the city in 2022, warning that the city s social services could be stretched thin by the rapid influx. According to themayor s office, the city has seen over 100,000 asylum seekers pass through the city since April 2022, with an estimated 58,000 remaining in the city s shelter system. In January, Adams announced alawsuitagainst the bus companies that transported the migrants, asserting the new arrivals cost the city $708 million since the Texas governor s policy began. But critics like Sliwa have still placed blame on the mayor. On Hannity, Sliwa claimed Adams was  single handedly destroying this city by giving illegal aliens everything,  criticizing apilot programthat provides about 500 migrant families who have children with pre-paid debit cards, worth about $12 per day, to purchase food. More recently, on Jan. 27, four migrants were caught on camera beating two NYPD officers near Times Square shelter. A total of seven people were arrested after the attack, but only one person has so far been detained and charged in the attack. The other six were released without bail, drawing widespread criticism from leaders, including Hochul, whocalled the move wrong on all accounts. Who Is Curtis Sliwa?Sliwa has been a figure in local New York City politics for decades. In 1979, Sliwa founded the Guardian Angels, a volunteer public safety patrol originally intended to fight the growing crime wave on the subway system. Sliwa quickly became a fixture on conservative talk radio and local news programs, often appearing wearing his signature Guardian Angels red jacket and matching beret. Years later, Sliwa would admit tofaking at least six stuntsand crime busts for media attention, including getting a friend to fake his kidnapping in 1983. Sliwa later told theNew York Postthe fake kidnapping was  probably the biggest mistake I made in my life.  In 2021, Sliwa ran for mayor, securing the Republican nomination. He ended up losing to current Mayor Eric Adams, an NYPD veteran and former Brooklyn Borough President, byabout 441,000 votes.TangentAlthough New York is experiencing a rise in petty crimes like shoplifting, violent crime saw a significant decrease in 2023 back to pre-pandemic levels, according to officials. According to the NYPD syear-end crime statistics,murder decreased over 33%, while shootings by 24% over the course of the year. However, robberies rose in the Big Apple by about 22%.  We have more property crimes,  Hochul said on Thursday.  People are going into stores and sweeping the shelves.  Hochul said her budget for 2024 reserved $700 million to fight crime, as well as $40 million to install security cameras in local jurisdictions.  I m not satisfied about where we are right now, but we re taking this on. Further Reading