ToplinePrince William, next in line to the British throne, made a rare political statement Tuesday, calling for  an end to the fighting  in Gaza that has seen the death of an estimated 30,000.<figure><figcaption>Prince William, the Prince of Wales, listens as he visits the British Red Cross at British Red Cross HQ on Feb. 20, 2024 in London, England.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsWilliam, who is expected to meet with those providing humanitarian support in Gaza and will later this month visit a synagogue, issued astatementsaying he remains "deeply concerned about the terrible human cost of the conflict in the Middle East... Too many have been killed."The statement doesn t call for any specific outcome, instead pushing for fighting to end  as soon as possible,  citing a "desperate need" for humanitarian aid in Gaza and a need to return hostages held by Gaza-based militant group Hamas.Kinsington PalacesaidPrince William will conduct several visits over the next few weeks to "hear more about the human impact" of the Middle Eastern conflict; on Tuesday, he visited the Red Cross in London.The comments come months after the prince s father, King Charles, called for peaceful coexistence between different faiths when he talked about the "heartbreaking loss of life" in the Israel-Hamas conflict.The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office of the United Kingdom on its websitecallsIsrael and the U.K. "firm friends and natural allies. Key BackgroundMembers of the royal family have long refrained from making political statements or wading into international conflict, but both Prince William and his brother have made exceptions in recent years. Prince William and his wife, Kate Middleton,spoke outin support of Ukraine in 2022 following Russia's invasion of the country, and said they "stand with the President and all of Ukraine s people as they bravely fight for (the) future.  In 2019, William stirred up controversy when heaskedfarmers in England if they were "worried" about Brexit ahead of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union in January 2020. Shortly after moving to the United States and giving up most royal duties, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in 2020encouragedAmericans to vote in the "most important election of our lifetime." Queen Elizabeth, who ruled for more than 70 years before her death in 2022, wasnicknamed"Elizabeth the Silent' because she so rarely waded into the political sphere.TangentPrince William's comments come the day after the United Statesproposeda United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a temporary ceasefire in the Gaza war as soon as possible a significant move since the U.S. hasavoidedcalling for a ceasefire at the UN in the past. The resolution warned against Israel s plan to invade the southern Gaza city ofRafah, where 1.3 million people have been displaced by other fighting in the Gaza Strip. President Joe Biden on Friday stressed the need for a "temporary ceasefire  until the hostages still held by Hamas have been released.Big Number29,092. That's how many Palestinians have been killed in the Israel-Hamas war, the Hamas-run Gaza Health Ministrysaid Monday. More than 1,200 Israelis were killed and more than 240 taken hostage in the October Hamas attack.Section Title