ToplineThe White House sharply criticized House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) for launching an impeachment probe into President Joe Biden without seeking approval from the majority of the chamber Tuesday, accusing the speaker of reversing course on his plans for a formal House vote and acting on  no evidence of wrongdoing. <figure><figcaption>Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) speaks to reporters outside of his office at the Capitol building on September 12, 2023, in Washington, D.C. McCarthy announced Tuesday that he endorsed launching a formal impeachment inquiry into President Joe Biden.ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS/AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsWhite House spokesperson Ian SamssaidMcCarthy  flip-flopped  on Tuesday when he directed the House Oversight, Judiciary and Ways and Means committees to open impeachment inquiries into President Joe Biden without holding a vote, calling the decision  extreme politics at its worst. McCarthy who said in July an impeachment inquiry was  premature  told Breitbartearlier this month that he was warming to the idea, but would require it to be approved by the majority of the chamber s 218 members.Sams also noted in a tweet that McCarthyurgedthen House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in 2019 to take a formal vote in the House to launch an impeachment inquiry into then President Donald Trump, writing that a full House vote is of several  key historical precedents or basic standards of due process  lawmakers should follow in seeking to impeach a president.Sams, in denouncing the inquiry, said Republican-led committees have been investigating Biden and whether he improperly meddled in his son s foreign business dealings for the past nine months, but have  turned up no evidence of wrongdoing,  adding that  his own members have said so. Chief CriticBiden s presidential campaign attacked the impeachment inquiry as  baseless  in a statement Tuesday. Spokesperson Ammar MoussaaccusedMcCarthy of acting as former President Donald s  super-surrogate by turning the House of Representatives into an arm of his presidential campaign,  while also criticizing McCarthy for opening the inquiry without a House floor vote.Key BackgroundMcCarthy made the announcement Tuesday hours after multiple reports revealed he was expected to tell GOP leadership this week he supports an impeachment inquiry. The House in July sent a resolution brought by Rep. Lauren Boebert (R-Colo.) to file articles of impeachment against Biden to committees, after McCarthy at the time said the effort was premature. He said Tuesday subsequent evidence revealed by House committees now merits an impeachment investigation, citing an unfounded bribery allegation made against the president and his son by an unnamed FBI whistle-blower, along with documents detailing the extent of Hunter Biden s foreign business transactions. It s unclear if Hunter Biden engaged in any illegal activity, however, or whether the president was involved. Biden has repeatedly said he had no contact with his family s business partners.TangentMcCarthy announced the inquiry amid threats from some far-right members to vote against the fiscal year 2024 budget due at the end of the month and seek to remove McCarthy as speaker if he did not endorse the long-shot effort. It s unclear if McCarthy would have had the votes in the House to open the inquiry, as some Republicans have openly said they oppose it. Removing Biden from office would require a Senate trial and approval from two thirds of members.Further Reading House GOP Launching Impeachment Inquiry Into Joe Biden, McCarthy Says(Forbes)House Avoids Impeaching Biden, Rebuking Hard-Right Boebert In Latest Display Of GOP Divisions(Forbes)Hunter Biden s Ex-Friend Devon Archer Denies President Talked Business With Son s Associates: The Biggest Allegations Involving Hunter Biden And His Father, Explained (Forbes)