Bill Maher has declared that he would rather vote for President Joe Biden's "head in a jar of blue liquid" over backing Donald Trump in November's election.Biden, 81, and Trump, 77, are set for a rematch following their 2020 face-off that saw the Democrat emerge the victor. Republican Trump reacted to his loss by asserting, without proof, that the election had been rigged in favor of his opponent.The all-but guarantee of the pair battling it out at the ballot boxes has been decried by certain members of their respective parties, with a number of Republicans citing the plethora of legal issues Trump faces and some Democrats citing Biden's age.In an interview with Newsweek, comedian and political commentator Maher wryly quipped that he was "giddy with happiness" and "dancing on air" when faced with the options during this election cycle."I said to myself after 2020, I guess I could dare to hope for a rematch," the Real Time with Bill Maher host told Newsweek, "because two more perfect candidates I can't imagine.""No, I mean, like everyone, it's not good news," he added. "It's good news for the people who make ramps that go up to debate stages. That's who it's good for."Still, when it comes to who will get his vote, Maher, who has been critical of the direction of the Democratic Party in recent years, is steadfast in his decision that he will be backing Biden if Trump, as expected, is the alternative choice."I've said this many times: If it is Trump and Biden, I would vote for Biden's head in a jar of blue liquid versus Donald Trump," he declared. "That's why I tried for a while, as many people did, to convince Joe that you did a great job, but you know, bridge president is sort of what we were promised. But that didn't happen and it's not gonna happen. So you know. I'm all in with Joe."While vying for the White House in 2020, Biden said on a campaign stop that he would serve as a "bridge" to steady the ship following Trump's term, leading to a widespread belief that he would serve a single term before handing off his duties."Look, I view myself as a bridge, not as anything else," Biden said in Michigan at the time, as he was joined by a group of younger Democrats that included now-Vice President Kamala Harris. "There's an entire generation of leaders you saw stand behind me. They are the future of this country."New VentureMaher spoke with Newsweek days ahead of the March 27 launch of his new venture Club Random Studios, a network for podcasts that the TV personality assures will provide no-holds-barred conversation. "Dance like no one's watching? We talk like no one can cancel us," Maher said of the new hub in a press release.The platform, which is a collaboration with Hollywood producers Chris Case and Chuck LaBella, has launched with The Sage Steele Show, hosted by former ESPN anchor Sage Steele. Dana White, Howie Mandel, Sharon Osbourne, Jillian Michaels, Drea de Matteo, Adam Carolla, and Reggie Watts are among the guests who have already been lined up.Discussing his foray into podcasting, Maher, who launched his own show Club Random two years ago, admitted that he was initially reluctant to enter the now-ubiquitous realm."I did resist podcasting for a while because I thought, 'Well, I have Real Time, I have a television show. What do I need with a podcast?'" Maher told Newsweek. "But people kept saying to me, like at dinner, 'Boy, you know, your show it's mostly all political. There's so many other things that you talk about it. It's fun, and why don't you do a podcast?'"I finally realized they're right, because there is a lot besides politics, and I don't want to talk about politics [all the time]. And I thought, if I did it, I would do it in a different way. I had a perfect place to do it, that has a very nighttime feel. No one else is in the room. I built the cameras into the walls. It's a much more intimate podcast, I think, than most of the other ones—no disrespect."But that was my aim is to really get the kind of conversation I got in life on a podcast that people could feel like [it's] really just them in the room."Maher added that there are "some great people who were lined up" to join the Club Random Studios including former NBA star Kevin Garnett ("he's a great talker"), Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst, and The Smashing Pumpkins' Billy Corgan. Durst's show, Maher revealed, will focus on "UFOs and conspiracy theories—and that's an area I am interested in. It's not unscientific that there could be life and other planets and stuff like that.""I mean, these are really interesting people to talk to," Maher enthused. "I wouldn't ever have predicted podcasting was where media was going to go. If you said this to me 20 years ago, I would've said, 'You mean AM radio, that's gonna be the big thing?' But you know, the audience is the boss. They love podcasts. I'm glad I'm in it."With a crowded field of podcasts dominating the digital space, Maher explained that it will come down to personality."Years ago, they would talk about the talk show wars with Johnny Carson and whoever was going up against him—and everybody tried. They would ask him about it. And he would say, 'These shows, it's really just about the guy behind the desk.' And it really is. I mean, when talk shows started in TV, nobody thought that would ever be anything. 'Why would people just want to watch people talk?'"Of course, it's turned out to be the biggest cash cow, because it's cheap. I mean, there's no special effects—certainly not on our show. So it's just about the guy behind the desk, whether that's a guy or a woman or whoever."The Sage Steele Show's inaugural episode, featuring an interview with UFC CEO and President Dana White, is out now.Link to Image
Graphic Bill Maher talks Donald Trump, Joe BidenStefanie Keenan/VF24/WireImage for Vanity Fair;/Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images;/Eros Hoagland/Getty Images;/iStock/Getty Images Plus(L-R) Donald Trump is pictured on March 25, 2024 in New York City; Bill Maher is pictured on March 10, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California; Joe Biden is pictured on March 26, 2024 in Raleigh, North Carolina. Maher has told Newsweek he is backing Biden this election cycle.