Republican Rep. Lauren Boebert would lose her bid to represent Colorado's 4th Congressional District to Democrat Ike McCorkle in a hypothetical matchup between the two, according to internal polling funded by his campaign, with her likely rival saying the result "proves we can flip this seat."The survey by Gravis Marketing put McCorkle, a retired U.S. Marine, on 38 percent of the vote against 31 percent for Boebert, with another 30 percent undecided. In total, 439 likely voters in the district were questioned in the poll.In December, Boebert, who currently represents Colorado's 3rd District in the House, announced she would be switching to run for the more conservative 4th District in November. The fervent Donald Trump supporter came within a few hundred votes of losing the district to Democratic challenger Adam Frisch during the 2022 midterm elections.Boebert's move came after Rep. Ken Buck, the Republican incumbent in Colorado's 4th District, announced he would not be seeking reelection. Buck then stepped down in March, before his term was complete, meaning a special election will take place in June.Boebert is not taking part in this contest, which will be fought between Republican Greg Lopez and Democrat Trisha Calvarese, though she is hoping to stand again in November, whereas the GOP candidate is not seeking a full 2-year term and is expected to act as a placeholder until November if he wins in June.On Monday, McCorkle shared an article from media outlet Colorado Politics on X, formerly Twitter, stating he was seven points ahead of Boebert according to his own internal poll.He added: "We see in these numbers what our campaign has known for months. Among the Democratic candidates, our campaign is the only choice to beat Greg Lopez in the special election and Lauren Boebert in November."Newsweek has contacted representatives of Boebert and McCorkle via email for comment.In another tweet, McCorkle's team wrote: "In the latest poll, Democrat Ike McCorkle is leading@laurenboebert in Colorado's 4th by 7 points."With Boebert leading her GOP primary by 20 pts, she's virtually guaranteed to be our opponent, and this poll proves we can flip this seat."Also on Monday, McCorkle lost his bid to contest the June 24 special election for Colorado's 4th Congressional District as the Democratic candidate to Calvarese, a former campaign and Congressional staffer. This is separate to the contest to be the Democratic Party candidate in November.A Kaplan Strategies survey of 558 likely Republican primary voters in the 4th Congressional District, conducted on February 24, found Boebert had a strong lead in her bid to contest the seat for the GOP in November. Out of seven Republican candidates, the poll put Boebert first on 32 percent of the vote, well ahead of second placed Mike Lynch who trailed on 7 percent.However, a straw poll of around 180 Republican GOP debate attendees, conducted after an event in Holyoke, Colorado, put Boebert third in the race behind Logan County Commissioner Jerry Sonnenberg and state lawmaker Ted Harvey.Boebert has been rocked by a number of controversies in recent months. In September, 2023, she apologized after being asked to leave a performance of the musical Beetlejuice at a Colorado theater after repeatedly vaping and being disruptive.In a statement, Boebert said her actions "fell short of my values,"adding: "That's unacceptable, and I'm sorry." CCTV footage was also released showing Boebert and a male companion appearing to grope each other during the performance, though this wasn't explicitly referenced in the Colorado Republican's apology.In February, Boebert's 18-year-old son Tyler was arrested on 22 charges, including criminal possession of a financial device, criminal possession of ID documents and ID theft with intent to use.In a statement provided to Newsweek, Boebert said: "It breaks my heart to see my child struggling and, in this situation, especially when he has been provided multiple opportunities to get his life on track. I will never give up on him and I will continue to be there for him."As an adult and father, Tyler will take responsibility for his actions and should be held accountable for poor decisions just like any other citizen."Link to Image
Graphic Lauren BoebertKevin Dietsch/GETTYLauren Boebert speaking at a press conference on President Trump's involvement with January 6 at the U.S. Capitol on February 06, 2024 in Washington, DC. Boebert could lose her bid for Colorado's 4th congressional district in November according to a new poll.