Wordle has remarkably humble origins considering the global sensation it has become. The game was invented by Josh Wardle, a New York-based software engineer, because he simply wanted a game "for me and my partner to enjoy" during coronavirus lockdown in 2020.Wardle decided to release Wordle to the general public in October 2021, and the game soon developed a passionate following across the English-speaking world, with some hardcore fans sharing their results and tips on social media each day. Such was Wordle's popularity that, in January 2022, the game was purchased by The New York Times for an undisclosed low seven-figure sum, though it remained free to play.During an interview with Newsweek, Erhan Aslan, who teaches linguistics at the University of Reading in the U.K., provided some advice for Wordle players.Aslan said: "One thing that I think is important in this game is the starting word chosen. Starting off with words that include commonly used vowels, for example, e and a, consonants such as r and t, and sound sequences might be helpful. Choosing a word that starts with q, z, j, or x, for instance, may not be the best choice."As you get more feedback after a few guesses, users need to draw on some knowledge of phonics to narrow down or eliminate some words that they might be thinking," Aslan added. "For example, if the second letter of the target word is l (indicated by green) and the player feels that the word starts with a consonant, they will need to know that there are only a few consonant cluster possibilities (such as bl, cl, fl, gl, pl, sl)."The answer to Saturday's puzzle will be revealed at the end of this article, so scroll down with caution if you want to work it out for yourself.'Wordle' #1,008, Clues for Saturday, March 23Newsweek has put together five clues to help you solve today's Wordle brainteaser.Hint #1: The answer contains two vowels.Hint #2: There are no repeated letters.Hint #3: Can be associated with an increase in height.Hint #4: The second letter is a vowel.Hint #5: There is no 'i' in team. There is, however, in today's Wordle puzzle.'Wordle' #1,008, Answer for Saturday, March 23The answer to today's Wordle puzzle is "risen."Well, that was a fun one! Did you get it? Congratulations if so, but please don't be put off if not. Indeed, one of the best things about Wordle is seeing if you can improve your results over time. A new puzzle will be released on Sunday, and Newsweek will be back with another round of hints and tips.What Does 'Risen' Mean?The Merriam-Webster dictionary defines "risen" as "to assume an upright position especially from lying, kneeling, or sitting" or "to increase in height, size volume or pitch."For example: "Despite his humble background, John had risen to become a major player in national politics."Link to Image
Graphic Wordle hints for 23 March 2024 gameAlexi Rosenfeld/GETTYA friend of the photographer plays "Wordle" on January 12, 2022 in New York City. Newsweek has some hints and tips to help you figure out Saturday's Wordle puzzle.