Bank of America is facing calls for a boycott over allegations it is closing accounts of customers based on their political views.Multiple MAGA profiles and Republicans have criticized the bank in recent days over claims, which have been denied by the company, that it is allegedly engaging in a practice known as "de-banking" because of customers' religious and political beliefs.John Eastman, a former lawyer for Donald Trump, recently claimed his Bank of America and USAA accounts were closed in response to his attempts to help the former president overturn the 2020 election results. Eastman was recommended for disbarment from practicing law in March after a judge found his efforts to overturn the results of the 2020 results in favor of Trump had violated attorney conduct rules.A number of pro-Trump and MAGA social media profiles are now calling for a boycott of Bank of America over the alleged de-banking.LJ Lindsey posted on X, formerly Twitter: "No one should be using Bank of America for their personal accounts as they are not personal loan friendly and have not been for years."They want the larger corporate customers. It is time to boycott Bank of America so they are forced to be bought out."The @mnbbrewster account added: "If I had a Bank of America account I would definitely close it. And no further information will be provided. If you have an account with Bank of America boycott them.""If you are MAGA you must BOYCOTT Bank of America. And if you are a MAGA veteran, you must BOYCOTT USAA!," a user of X posted while sharing an article on Eastman's accounts.Another X user added: "Bank of America thinks it can get involved in politics & de bank patriots that fight against corruption, like the obviously stolen election! BOYCOTT THEM NOW."The Bank of America has been contacted for comment via email.Elsewhere, 15 Republican attorneys general signed a letter warning Bank of America CEO Brian T. Moynihan against its alleged "discriminatory behavior" targeting people for their political or religious views."Your bank needs to be transparent with and assure us, its shareholders, and others that it will not continue to de-bank customers for their speech or religious exercise," they wrote.In a statement to Fox News, Bank of America spokesperson Bill Halldin denied the claims of alleged de-banking."Religious beliefs are not a factor in any account-closing decision," Halldin said. "We are proud to provide banking services to non-profit organizations affiliated with diverse faith communities throughout the United States."The letter came after Bank of America was said to have sent the FBI and U.S. Treasury private consumer financial data in order to assist with investigations into the January 6 attack at the Capitol in 2021, DailyMail.com reported.In a post on X, Missouri Attorney General Andrew Bailey wrote: "Proud to be one of 15 AGs demanding answers from Bank of America for reportedly debanking Missourians."If any company is punishing consumers because of their political beliefs, that may constitute a serious violation of the First Amendment. We will get to the bottom of it."Link to Image
Graphic Bank of America signRobert Alexander/Getty ImagesA business sign outside a Bank of America bank in Santa Fe, New Mexico. The company is facing boycott calls from MAGA supporters over alleged "debanking"