Caitlyn Jenner is being praised on social media for her statement on the Israel-Hamas war after walking through a protest in Washington D.C. on Saturday.Pro-Palestinian demonstrators gathered outside the Washington Hill Hotel where the White House Correspondents' Dinner was being held. Jenner encountered the protesters while making her way to the star-studded event, where she was heckled by the crowd.The reality star was filmed arguing with activists and flipping the bird, before taking out her phone and recording the scene.Jenner addressed the incident on X, formerly Twitter, on Monday. Sharing a screenshot from a TMZ article about the encounter, the former Olympian wrote: "THE ONLY THING WE SHOULD BE PROTESTING IS HAMAS! BRING THE HOSTAGES HOME."At the time of publishing, Jenner's response has received over 200,000 views. Newsweek has reached out to Caitlyn Jenner for comment via email.Hamas launched a surprise attack on Israel on October 7, killing 1,200 people and taking around 250 hostages, according to the Associated Press. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared "war" on Hamas, firing airstrikes into the Gaza Strip, where the Palestinian militant group is based.Supplies of food, energy, fuel and medicine to Gaza were cut off before a ground offensive was launched into the territory in late October.As of April 30, at least 34,000 people have been killed in Gaza, according to the AP, which cited the Gazan Health Ministry. Roughly 80 percent of the area's 2.3 million population has been displaced, while Northern Gaza is on the verge of famine.112 hostages have been freed by Hamas or rescued by the Israel Defense Forces, while roughly 100 are still believed to be alive in Gaza.Since the war began seven months ago, many celebrities have shared their thoughts on the conflict. However, both Israel and Palestinian supporters have faced backlash for their comments.Oscar winner Susan Sarandon, Scream star Melissa Barrera and former adult film actress Mia Khalifa lost work over their remarks, while comedian Amy Schumer, Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot and Dune actor Timothée Chalamet have faced cancellation calls.Jenner regularly shares her views on politics and current events, with her remarks often garnering a mixed response online. Many people praised Jenner's statement."100% Agree," commented Dea Riley."Why is this concept so hard to understand. Hamas are terrorist. Period," said @dodgypeople."You are brave and your support is highly [appreciated]," wrote @_stopwhispering."We need more brave Hollywood influencers like you to speak out!" said Monica Cidade."Dang Lady! I have a whole new respect for you not letting those bullies bully you," wrote @dsisme48. "Thank you for standing up for what's right."However, other users disagreed with her post, with @Zi0nX1 calling Jenner a "genocide apologist.""But you're okay with all deaths and injuries Israel has caused?" @TartanHalf asked."Anything to make yourself relevant," said JJ."You're such a giant let down," wrote SJH, while Isabelle commented: "You will be remembered for your wrong choice."Link to Image
Graphic Caitlyn Jenner, November 2017Horacio Villalobos/Corbis NewsCaitlyn Jenner speaks during the Web Summit at Altice Arena on November 09, 2017 in Lisbon, Portugal. The reality star called for the release of the remaining Hamas hostages on X on Monday.