The daughter of Minnesota Democratic Representative Ilhan Omar recently spoke out about her suspension for a pro-Palestinian rally and many conservatives accused her of saying she is homeless.Earlier this month, Omar's daughter, Isra Hirsi, a junior at Barnard in New York City, said on X that she was she "received notice that I am 1 of 3 students suspended for standing in solidarity with Palestinians facing a genocide."Hirsi has been a vocal pro-Palestinian voice during the ongoing Israel-Hamas war in Gaza. Tensions on university campuses have been high over the past six months as Israel continues its war in Gaza, which began after Palestinian militant group Hamas launched an attack on southern Israel on October 7 that left 1,200 people dead and saw over 200 more taken hostage.In recent days, there have been pro-Palestinian protests at Columbia University and Yale University over the ongoing war in Gaza. Pro-Palestinian protesters have called on the institutions to divest from Israel.On Sunday, Hirsi spoke with Teen Vogue about her suspension and said, "I was a little bit frantic, like, where am I going to sleep? Where am I gonna go?...I don't know when I can go home, and I don't know if I ever will be able to. I haven't formally been evicted. I haven't been sent a 'move out' email, but they've just said that I can't get in, whatever that means. I have like four shirts, two pairs of pants. Only Barnard students are evicted, and I think it's pretty crazy."Our interim suspension is contingent on what happens at our hearings, which has not been set. They told us that we would receive a date by Monday at noon, so I'm basically at least houseless until then," she added.While Hirsi didn't use the term "homeless" herself, the comments by Hirsi prompted criticism from some conservatives like Greta Van Susteren, an anchor for Newsmax, who shared a DailyMail article that used the term homeless in the headline."Homeless and starving??? Her mother is a Congresswoman! Surely this has to be incorrect....what a world....," Greta Van Susteren wrote on X, formerly Twitter.X user Collin Rugg, the co-founder of Trending Politics wrote, "NEW: Ilhan Omar's daughter Isra Hirsi says she is now homeless and hungry after being suspended from school for her anti-Israel protests. [F*** Around and Find Out]"Burt Thakur, a former Republican congressional candidate in Texas, shared a New York Post article and said, "I'm tired of the rich COSPLAYING as poor to get attention. Isra Hirsi is the daughter of ILHAN OMAR. The tuition at Columbia University is more than $66,000 a year (!) She isn't HOMELESS!"X user @ImMeme0 wrote, "NEW: Ilhan Omar's daughter, Isra Hirsi, says she's homeless, cries poverty after suspension from $90K-per-year college over anti-Israel protest. The privileged daughter of Minnesota Rep. Ilhan Omar, 21 year-old Isra Hirsi, along with a few other Barnard students, received suspensions following their participation in a group of over 100 protestors who were arrested for refusing to disperse from a tent encampment on the campus of the Ivy League school last Thursday."Newsweek reached out to Omar's office via email for comment.Link to Image
Graphic Columbia UniversityAndrew Lichtenstein/Corbis via Getty Images/Getty ImagesFor the fifth day, pro-Palestinian students occupy a central lawn on the Columbia University campus, on April 21, 2024 in New York City. On April 22, 2024, some conservatives criticized the daughter of Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar over comments she made after being suspended for a pro-Palestinian protest.