Former White House adviser Stephen Miller believes Donald Trump "changed American fashion" forever because he was a "style icon."Miller shared his views on the former U.S. president's editorial looks during an appearance on Sean Hannity's Fox News show, Hannity.The conversation started when Hannity complained about a New York Times article that described President Joe Biden as "dapper," which led Miller to make his claims."The most stylish president and first lady in our lifetimes are Donald Trump and Melania Trump," Miller said on Wednesday's Hannity. "Donald Trump is a style icon."Miller added that much of Trump's style influence came when he fronted the reality TV series, The Apprentice, during which he "changed American fashion.""People spent the next 10 years trying to dress like Donald Trump," Miller claimed. "So, if anybody deserves a puff piece on their sense of style, it's Donald Trump and the first lady."Miller's comments were shared to X, formerly Twitter, in a post that got 1.4 million views and people rushed to mock the political pundit."If style was a person Stephen Miller would be a pair of Crocs," commented @SundaeDivine."Absolutely nobody thinks that man is a style icon.     " added @ArtCandee."Trump: blue suit, red tie. Big deal. If you want a presidential style icon, look to Obama, and Michelle put Melania to shame, not just in fashion but in class and her actions as First Lady," wrote @SVecrumba.The NYT op-edthat sparked the discussion praised Biden as "the consistently the "sartorially elegant" politician, Tom Ford once praised in a British GQ interview. More tellingly, he exemplifies how, in politics as in other pursuits, dressing effectively and well requires know-how and a willingness to take a good, hard look in the mirror," wrote critic Guy Trebay.Regardless of people's opinions of his style, Trump is using one of his suits to his advantage.He is selling pieces of the suit he wore in his mugshot photowhen he was booked in Georgia on racketeering charges. Trump revealed the grand sale on his Truth Social page in December."Due to the great Excitement and Success of my previous TRUMP DIGITAL TRADING CARDS, we're doing it again - The MugShot Edition, available RIGHT NOW. Plus, buy 47 cards and get a piece of the suit I wore for the "Mugshot Photo," and also get an invite to a Gala Dinner with me at Mar-a-Lago! Don't wait, they'll go FAST (I believe!). I'm happy if you're happy. Have fun. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!," Trump wrote.Trump is facing multiple criminal indictments across the country and iscurrently on trial in New York City in a hush-money case. He is accused of paying adult film star Stormy Daniels to keep quiet about their alleged sexual relationship. He is facing 34 felony counts relating to falsifying business records to conceal the payments, which were made in the days leading up to the 2016 presidential election.Link to Image
Graphic donald trump walkingMichael M. Santiago/Getty ImagesFormer President Donald Trump returns to the courtroom after a break during the second day of his criminal trial at Manhattan Criminal Court on April 16, 2024 in New York City. One pundit described him as a 'style icon'.