Hey guys, it's Josh Hammer. I'm Newsweek's senior-editor-at-large, host of "The Josh Hammer Show" and "America on Trial with Josh Hammer," and a syndicated opinion columnist via Creators Syndicate. I've been with Newsweek for four years now, the first three as opinion editor. For the past year, I've been focusing on my show, my weekly newsletter ("The Josh Hammer Report"), my column, and more.From hostile foreign powers on the march to the unraveling of the justice system on the home front, our American way of life has never been under more intense assault than it is right now.And with the major social media networks in a tailspin and quality discussion being next to impossible to find online, I wanted to experiment with a new way to connect.I'm starting up a text message chat. You can sign up to get my take on the day's headlines, battles on the culture war front, and more. But, more important, this isn't a one-way street. You can text me back — I'll be asking questions, reading responses, and sharing ideas within this group.Skip to the bottom of the column to sign up, or read on for details:What does this offer that social media doesn't?Have you seen the social media landscape lately? You have to wade through a lot to find the good stuff. This lets you cut through the clutter without needing to be active on China-owned platforms, X, or others.Will other people see my texts?We're launching this with privacy in mind. You'll see all of my texts, but when you text back, it just goes to me. I'll try to respond to as many people as I have time for, and I may sometimes ask group questions and share responses anonymously.What will you do with my phone number?I can't say this clearly enough: When you sign up for this text service with me, that's it. We won't sell your number, give it to third parties, or use it for marketing. No gimmicks. I get that it takes trust to use your phone number—we won't abuse that trust.What does it cost?The monthly fee of $2.99 funds the costs of the text service that stays independent of large social platforms. Newsweek digital subscribers can get it for free, and anyone who wants to sample this text chat gets a free two-week trial.What if I want to cancel?We're making this as easy as possible. Just text STOP to the text thread, and that's it. No phone call, no painful process. You'll be instantly unsubscribed from the service—but I hope it doesn't come to that.Try it out by signing up below. You can now text me any time with your thoughts and questions about this chaotic and often-confusing time in American politics—and American society as a whole. I'm looking forward to hearing what's on your mind!Link to Image
Graphic Text group chat with NewsweekText group chat with Newsweek