Kansas City Chiefs placekicker Harrison Butker has sparked debate online after he criticized President Joe Biden over his support of abortion rights as a Catholic.While delivering a commencement address at the private Benedictine College in Kansas recently, Butker branded Biden's stance on the contentious issue "delusional" as he spoke about a "pervasiveness of disorder" in the U.S."While COVID might have played a large role throughout your formative years, it is not unique," he said, addressing the students. "The bad policies and poor leadership have negatively impacted major life issues. Things like abortion, IVF, surrogacy, euthanasia, as well as a growing support for degenerate cultural values and media all stem from the pervasiveness of disorder.""Our own nation is led by a man who publicly and proudly proclaims his Catholic faith, but at the same time is delusional enough to make the Sign of the Cross during a pro-abortion rally," Butker said. "He has been so vocal in his support for the murder of innocent babies that I'm sure to many people it appears that you can be both Catholic and pro-choice.""He is not alone," Butker said of Biden. "From the man behind the COVID lockdowns to the people pushing dangerous gender ideologies onto the youth of America, they all have a glaring thing in common—they are Catholic. This is an important reminder that being Catholic alone doesn't cut it."Former President Donald Trump, who has said he identifies as a non-denominational Christian after previously describing himself a Presbyterian, was in office at the time that the COVID-19 lockdowns were implemented in the spring of 2020.As of press time, Butker's speech has garnered more than 2 million views. Newsweek has contacted representatives of Biden and Butker via email for comment.Video footage of Butker's comments was shared on X, formerly Twitter, where it sparked a debate among users with opposing stances on abortion."Need more pro sports players to take a stand like this," read a response from the X account of Trump-supporting comedians the Hodge Twins."Harrison, thanks for having the guts and fortitude for telling the truth when it comes to these issues," said another X user on the micro-blogging platform. "There are few people out there willing to set the record straight."Wrote another: "Harrison Butker is a great man who stands up for what the Bible teaches. If only other famous athletes had the stones to stand up for what's right.""Abortion is murder of innocent vulnerable children," commented another in agreement with Butker's stance. "Any person who is Catholic or Christian who is pro choice and supports this evil act is directly going against the Faith and is opposing and insulting God #GodWins #ProLife."However, while the comments won support, they also drew a wave of detractors, including one who wrote that Butker was "one of the most accurate kickers in the NFL yet has the most inaccurate beliefs on basic human rights.""Easy to say when you are a multi-million dollar 'male' kicker who has no worries of support in life and everything he wants," another responded. "Until there is quality access to healthcare, childcare and more $$ into programs like WIC [Women, Infants and Children] this shouldn't be a debate."Touching on conservative criticism of sports stars who have spoken out in support of left-leaning political stances, another said: "Suddenly the right is going to fawn all over football stars shoving themselves into politics again."Another referenced the scandals that have hit the church in the past, stating: "Butker is right. We need a country willing to force these children to be born so that our church leaders can continue to rape thousands and thousands of them each year while we spend millions to hide them and support the rapists."Elsewhere in his speech, Butker said "if we are going to be men and women for this time in history, we need to stop pretending that the church of nice is a winning proposition. We must always speak and act in charity, but never mistake charity for cowardice.""Our Catholic faith has always been countercultural," he added. "Our Lord, along with countless followers, were all put to death for their adherence to her teachings. The world around us says that we should keep our beliefs to ourselves whenever they go against the tyranny of diversity, equity and inclusion. We fear speaking truth, because now, unfortunately, truth is in the minority."Butker is the president and co-founder of holding company MDKeller, whose website states that while the athlete "is known for his God-given skills on the football field[...] it is his Catholic Faith that brings him the most joy."He is an outspoken advocate for the Traditional Latin Mass, Pro-life causes, and being a man of virtue, to name a few. He has appeared on countless shows, podcasts, and articles speaking to being a man in a world that is becoming increasingly secular and absent of God."Link to Image
Graphic President Joe Biden and Harrison ButkerAndrew Harnik/Getty Images;/Robin Alam/ISI Photos/Getty ImagesFrom left: President Joe Biden is pictured on May 8, 2024 in Washington, D.C; Kansas City Chiefs star Harrison Butker is seen on February 5, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Butker has publicly criticized Biden over his support of abortion rights as a Catholic.