In a recent appearance on Russia's state-run television, Russian political scientist Sergey Mikheyev suggested that the country's "empire" should grow to encompass three American states.The clip of the remarks began to circulate on social media on Friday when it was shared by Anton Gerashchenko, an outspoken critic of Russia and a former adviser to Ukraine's minister of internal affairs, to X, formerly Twitter. In it, Mikheyev mentioned the territory he would like to see taken over by Russia, including three of the westernmost American states and two North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) member nations in Europe."I want the Russian empire with Alaska, Hawaii, California, Finland, and Poland," he said, as translated by Gerashchenko for the clip he shared. "Although Poland and Finland are so stinky, I'm not sure, to be honest. We'll clean them."Near the end of the clip, the host of the program was quick to deflate Mikheyev's comment as "wishful thinking" divorced from actual politics."Yes, but again, wishful thinking is one thing and actual politics is another," the host said.Gerashchenko, meanwhile, was less keen to write off the political scientist's comments as fantasy."Russian propagandists dream about the new world order," Gerashchenko wrote. "And you know what? They mean it."Newsweek reached out to U.S. officials via email on Saturday morning for comment.The territory now known as Alaska was colonized by Russia prior to its purchase by the United States in 1867, for the modern equivalent of around $152 million. In the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022 and its heightened rhetoric about attempting to annex other countries and territories, suggestions about retaking Alaska from the U.S. have become prevalent. In a December post to social media, also translated by Gerashchenko, Russian lawmaker Sergei Mironov suggested that U.S. oversight was weakening, and alluded to Alaska while discussing land that could be taken from it."Did you want a new world order? Here you go," he wrote. "Venezuela is annexing its 24th state, Guyana-Essekibo. This is happening right under the nose of the once great hegemon USA. All that's left is for Mexico to take back Texas and the rest [of the territories]. It's time for Americans to think about their future, and also about Alaska."During a 2014 Q&A panel, Russian President Vladimir Putin was dismissive about retaking Alaska when pressed about it by a constituent, urging them "not get worked up about" it."Why do you need Alaska?" Putin asked. "By the way, Alaska was sold sometime in the 19th century. Louisiana was sold to the United States by the French at about the same time. Thousands of square kilometers were sold for $7.2 million, although in gold." The Russian leader also called the purchase "inexpensive."Putin triggered concern about Alaska in January, however, when he signed a decree allocating funds for the search, registration, and legal protection of Russian property abroad, including property in the former territories of the Russian Empire and the Soviet Union, which would include the 49th state.Link to Image
Graphic russian guests wants alaskaAlexander Zemlianichenko/Pool/AFP via Getty ImagesAbove, Russian military vehicles roll down the Red Square during a rehearsal for the Victory Day military parade in Moscow on May 7, 2019. A Russian state-TV guest recently reiterated desires for the country to annex Alaska and two other U.S. states.