A video showing a confrontation between white students and a Black student at the University of Mississippi (Ole Miss) has gone viral on social media.Richard Hanania, the president of the Center for the Study of Partisanship and Ideology (CSPI) shared a video to X, formerly Twitter, on Friday showing a confrontation at the Ole Miss campus between a Black female student and several other white students."This video from Ole Miss is beautiful, but guys, please put away the phones. Be in the moment when you're mocking the Hamas loving fat girl," Hanania wrote. The video has received over 1 million views as of Friday afternoon.The video comes amid ongoing pro-Palestinian protests at a number of different colleges across the United States, including Ole Miss. Pro-Palestinian protesters are actively calling on colleges to divest from Israel in its ongoing war with Hamas militants in Gaza. Tensions across college campuses in the country have remained high since the October 7, 2023, attack on Israel by Hamas that left 1,200 people dead. More than 34,000 Palestinians have been killed since Israel launched its war in Gaza in response.The video was reposted by Representative Mike Collins, a Georgia Republican, who wrote, "Ole Miss taking care of business."In the video, the Black female student can be seen walking toward a group of white students as they appear to mock and film her. As the video continues, law enforcement officials on campus can be seen attempting to breakup the confrontation and deescalate the situation.Responding to the post from Collins, Rob Smith, a U.S. veteran from the Iraq War, wrote, "An elected official in the House of Representatives should absolutely not be tweeting out this video with this caption. This stuff is what makes the Republican Party absolutely toxic to the vast majority of Black Americans. This is so not the way."Warning: Viewer discretion is advised.In a statement to Newsweek on Friday, a spokesperson for Ole Miss declined to comment on the video of the confrontation, but said, "Statements were made at the demonstration on our campus Thursday that were offensive and inappropriate. Any actions that violate university policy will be met with appropriate action."Meanwhile, several other X users responded to Smith's post questioning his comments, including one who suggested that the confrontation wasn't "racist.""OK. This is not at all racist, racially charged. Just your normal white dude mocking a black protester by making monkey noises. Nothing to see here!" Smith sarcastically wrote in response.A number of other X users also shared the video on the Ole Miss campus including attorney Philip Holloway who wrote, "Looks like I'll be adding Ole Miss to the list of colleges to visit with my oldest."Collin Rugg, the co-owner of Trending Politics, shared another video from the incident and wrote Friday, "NEW: Ole Miss students chant 'Lizzo Lizzo Lizzo' at a pro-Palestine protester before the police had to intervene as she approached the boys. What a stark contrast from the Ivy League schools."On Thursday, pro-Palestinian protests at Ole Miss were met with several counterprotests, which were reportedly fraternity members. The counterprotesters were carrying flags supporting former President Donald Trump and shouted slogans that reportedly included "f*** Joe Biden" and "who's your daddy."Link to Image
Graphic Pro-Palestine protestsMathieu Lewis-Rolland/Getty ImagesPolice and pro-Palestine protesters stand-off in front of the barricaded Portland State University library on May 2, 2024 in Portland, Oregon.  On Friday, May 3, 2024, a video on social media showing white students confronting a Black student at Ole Miss went viral.