Sara Haines turned heads on the May 2 episode of The View. Her outfit choice sparked some playful banter among the panel with her eye-catching double-slit leather skirt, a bold, but fashionable choice.During the show's discussion on recent political comments by Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, Haines, 46, momentarily diverted attention from politics to fashion by addressing co-hosts Whoopi Goldberg and Joy Behar's reactions to her bold outfit choice.Sporting a black leather midi skirt featured with high slits on both sides, Haines playfully reprimanded Goldberg and Behar for their wandering eyes. "Quit looking at my skirt, you guys! I have two neighbors looking straight down," she joked, pointing at her colleagues amidst laughter.Behar, 81, noted that the audience might not have a clear view of the skirt from their angle, but that didn't stop Goldberg, 68, from continuing with the humor. "I looked down and something winked at me."Embracing the jest, Haines hilariously retorted, "I expect it from the men, not the women," keeping the mood upbeat as they transitioned back to the show's agenda.Later, Goldberg playfully referenced the skirt again while introducing the show's guest, Jeff Daniels, saying, "We are back with the amazing and fabulous Jeff Daniels. Sara has a question – she and her legs."The co-hosts of the ABC talk show often engage in light-hearted teasing, regularly making jokes about each other's fashion choices, amongst other things. On their April 10 episode, the hosts made light of a scary situation in the studio. In the beginning of the episode, Goldberg recounted a fire incident that led to a studio evacuation that morning. "We walked out to Billy Joel's hit 'We Didn't Start the Fire' because it actually happened next door at Tamron Hall," she shared with the audience, making light of the situation. "This morning we had to evacuate the studio because there was a fire that we did not start."Link to Image
Graphic The View HostsTodd Anderson/Disney Resorts/Getty ImagesIn this handout photo provided by Disney Resorts, hosts Sara Haines, Joy Behar, Jedediah Bila, Whoopi Goldberg and Sunny Hostin (R) pose with guests, Audra McDonald (3rd R) and Eric Stonestreet (2nd R) on ABC's "The View" broadcasting from Disneys Animal Kingdom on March 8, 2017 in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. "The View" broadcasts from Walt Disney World Resort 11a.m-12p.m. ET, through Friday, March 10. Sara Haines recently received some playful feedback from her co-hosts on her outfit choice on the May 2 episode of "The View."