(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time!Thanks to Lee Zeldin, Tyler Fischer, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, and our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, a toxic work environment. That is the newest claim being made about the White House. Even the liberal media is reporting that things are especially bad on President Biden's advanced team. The very same president, who said that staff members who disrespect each other would be fired on the spot is now dealing with accusations of bullying and sexual harassment. And the accusations are pointed at the top aide to the first lady.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with how the White House is handling these reports of turmoil inside the tent.Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace.And three words: it's a mess. Now, according to more than a dozen individuals who spoke with the outlet POLITICO, the advance office, which is responsible for preparing and coordinating the president's public appearances, is a toxic hellscape.In fact, according to the site, its associate director, Ian Mellul, resigned back on March the 1st, following a monthslong investigation by the White House Counsel's Office into complaints of verbal harassment.According to the report, Mellul told employees who made mistakes that he would ruin their lives and often called junior staffers, worthless pieces of blank.Meanwhile, Brie Moore, Biden's former director of press advance, also recently resigned after multiple correspondents assigned to cover the White House complained about her repeated failure to accommodate the press and even to communicate travel plans.Again, that according to sources, talking to POLITICO. Also, six current and former Biden staffers blamed the toxic work environment on Ryan Montoya, the director of scheduling. Montoya is also been accused of being verbally abusive to staffers and aides, according to POLITICO. But apparently, he's still working at the White House, which of course flies in the face of what the president said he would do to those who were abusive to fellow staffers.Even First Lady Jill Biden's so called work husband Anthony Bernal has according to allegations in POLITICO, repeatedly speculated in the workplace, about the size of male body parts of colleagues. That according to three sources, with firsthand knowledge. Invoking complaints of a possible MeToo situation.Now, in response to the current allegations, a White House aide tells Fox News tonight, the president is "deeply proud of his advanced staff".Also, asked about allegations involving him, Ian Mellul tells Fox News Digital tonight, he is sorry. And then after over three amazing years at the White House, he simply wants to start a new chapter. Trace.GALLAGHER: Got to go. Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, Thank you.Let's bring in Axiom Strategies Erin Perrine, and former Michigan, Republican gubernatorial candidate Tudor Dixon. Thank you both for coming on.So, Dan, Dan Lippman was on with us last night. He wrote the piece in POLITICO about this turmoil inside the White House. Here is what he said about the president's advanced team. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIEL LIPPMAN, WHITE HOUSE REPORTER, POLITICO: He was berating junior staffers regularly, calling them pieces of expletive, calling that worthless, saying he would ruin their life. And so, you know, he denied some of that stuff. But he resigned on March 1st, after a White House Counsel investigation, where a bunch of people were interviewed.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, this is for you, Tudor Dixon, because you have had campaign teams, you know what it's like inside. And when you're talking about that kind of turmoil, there is disarray. And it is a very bad sign from your campaign.TUDOR DIXON, FORMER GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, MICHIGAN: Of course. I mean, I can't imagine what it's like inside of this campaign, though, because let's face it, there has to be a lot of pressure, especially on this advanced team.You're trying to set something up strings and mirrors to make sure this man can walk in there and attempt to read a teleprompter, and then, walk out.It's -- the pressure has got to be intense, because this is not someone who's handling and on his own. So, I can imagine these staffers are under a lot of pressure. I'm not saying that it's OK. But I also think that you add pressure in with some of the most sensitive people on the planet.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.DIXON: Because these are radical progressive liberals who are out chanting on the White House lawn that they don't like the policies. The whole combination is a mess.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is.You know, the New York Post was talking about Jill Biden's as Kevin Corke put her, her work husband, and how he has literally been. This is their reporting. Has been sexually harassing and bullying people for more than a decade, Erin Perrine.ERIN PERRINE, AXIOM STRATEGIES: That's really disgusting behavior if it turns out to be true. But if you look at the wider landscape of the Biden White House, the buck stops with the president. He himself said, if anybody is having this kind of behavior, they are immediately fired.But let's remember, there's plenty of reporting of Joe Biden losing his temper of screaming at staff, of cursing at individuals, of being belligerent to work with, it's not completely shocking that, that would be reflected somewhere else in the White House apparatus.GALLAGHER: Yes.PERRINE: That is so unfortunate.And the thing about advances, it is a very tight knit community, even across party lines. The people who do advance, they keep their heads down, generally, they don't make waves because the story is what they show you on camera.GALLAGHER: Right.PERRINE: That's what's important. So, the fact that this has gotten out there, has actually rattled the larger advance community on both sides.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.PERRINE: And the Biden White House needs to get it together.GALLAGHER: Yes. We want to move on to the politics now, because this is a poll talking about the Biden versus Trump unfavorables. Look at this. 18- to 34-year-olds, Biden's unfavorable, 62 percent. Trump at 52 percent. Biden needs that number to go down. And it appears that we're looking at maybe sacrificing Israel to do it. Tutor Dixon, what do you think?DIXON: Yes. I mean, you saw why Chuck Schumer came out and said today, which is shocking. You have the Senate majority leader who's coming out and saying he wants a new election in Israel. He is going against our ally. I mean, these are things that are unheard of.But you see Joe Biden doing this because of the state of Michigan, really. He has this large uncommitted vote. Let's not -- Let's not miss the optics of today.GALLAGHER: Yes.DIXON: Came to Michigan, and he is trying to win those people back. He has a terrible favorability. Gretchen Whitmer has a pretty good one. She chose to be 150 miles away from him today. And no, she is a campaign co-chair, no pictures.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's very good point. Lastly, Michigan voters say this about the economy. Put this up. Is it getting better -- going to get better? 23 percent say yes. Worse, 47 percent. Say yep, the same 28 percent.Put those numbers together. That is a large part of the population who are just kind of hanging on in Michigan. Erin Perrine, your final thoughts.PERRINE: Oh, that's right. And we just saw the inflation number is still going up. It is costing more every day in Joe Biden's economy, to buy groceries, to put gas in your car --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.PERRINE: And to try and save money or get ahead. So, unless Democrats actually put forward policy proposals that lower the cost and not make America more expensive every day. You're going to a continue to see swing states and voters all across the country say we've had enough of Joe Biden. We want a new path forward.GALLAGHER: We see that receipt all the time. 26 bucks at five guys for a burger, fries, and a coke.Tudor Dixon, Erin Perrine. Thank you.Meantime, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer facing plenty of blowback over his call for a new election in Israel aimed at ousting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Christina Coleman is live with the very latest on this. Christina, good evening.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Trace.Yes, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, the highest ranking Jewish elected official in U.S. government is calling on Israel to hold new elections. He also condemned Hamas, criticized Netanyahu and said the only real and sustainable solution to this conflict is a Two State solution.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): People on all sides of this war are turning away from a Two State solution, including Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.I believe in his heart he has his highest priority is as is the security of Israel. However, I also believe Prime Minister Netanyahu has lost his way.COLEMAN (voice over): Schumer's comments are a flashpoint in the debate over Israel's response to Hamas is horrific October 7th attack as more Democratic members of Congress express criticism over the rising death toll in Gaza.However, Schumer's controversial comments got swift backlash from some of his colleagues on the other side of the aisle.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): Only Israel citizens should have a say, and who runs their government? This is the very definition of democracy and sovereignty.SEN. JONI ERNST (R-IA): I'm very upset. I don't think that Leader Schumer should be inserting his ideas and throwing them at Israel, or in the middle of a war.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN (on camera): A member of Israel's war Cabinet also condemned Schumer statements by writing, in part, any external interference on the matter is counterproductive and unacceptable. Trace?GALLAGHER: Christina, thank you.Let's bring in a former member of Israel's Special Operations Counterterrorist Unit Aaron Cohen. Rabbi Chai Mentz from Chabad of Bel Air here in Los Angeles, and Middle East analyst Erick Stackelbeck. Thank you all, gentlemen, for coming on.Rabbi, to you first, I want to get your response on what Chuck Schumer said today about Netanyahu's ouster.RABBI CHAIM MENTZ, CHABAD OF BEL AIR, CALIFORNIA: First and foremost, nobody should go and think that all Jews think alike. But, how dare you go and speak from America and put a threat on the Jewish people in Israel.You're a Jew and you needed non-Jewish people from the other side of the aisle to remind you this is not what we do. So, first and foremost, Chuck Schumer, we know that you have a second God in your life, and it's called politics, and you're standing your party and you need Michigan.You're going to get Michigan. I ask you a question. Is that going to be the best for America?GALLAGHER: Yes.It's interesting to me, Aaron Cohen, because you know, you come at this from a different perspective. But when you're talking about Israel, when you're talking about fighting a war, you've got Americans that are -- that are trying to create tumult upheaval in Israel. You need unity to fight a war.AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPERATIONS VETERAN: Yes. So, Schumer's comments were very disconcerting, from the counterterrorism perspective, from the military tactical side of this, and what I'm seeing is -- what needs to happen with Chuck is he needs to get out of the Israeli politics and go back to letting Israel do what it does best, which is leaning towards generals because there is no time for politics in Israel.We're staring at Rafah right now, as a million and a half people that we've got to protect, while rooting out the last remnants of Hamas. And, if you want a Two State solution, Chuck, that's cool. But the only way we're going to get there, from Bibi's experience of 30 years in Israeli politics --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: Officer in (INAUDIBLE) called the top unit in the IDF, is by eradicating the roadblock to peace, which is Hamas.GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: You destroy Hamas, and then, we can get to the table and talk peace but security first, Trace.GALLAGHER: It's a very good point. Mitch McConnell said this, Erick Stackelbeck.Watch and I'll get your comments.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): It is grotesque and hypocritical for Americans who hyperventilate about foreign interference in our own democracy to call for the removal of a democratically elected leader of Israel.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Grotesque and hypocritical. Erick, your thoughts?ERICK STACKELBECK, MIDDLE EAST ANALYST: Yes, he is absolutely right, Trace. Look, Israel, as Aaron just mentioned, is ready to commence with a major offensive in Rafah to defeat Hamas once and for all, not to mention, a major war looming in the north against Hezbollah.This may be the most precarious time for Israel since 1948, since the creation of the Jewish state. And we have the Senate Majority Leader trace unprecedented, taking to the Senate floor calling for a sovereign nation, an ally no less, to have a new government to disband its current government in a time of war.Look, it's absolutely unprecedented. And Israel, the stakes have never been higher. We cannot show daylight. The U.S.-Israel, look, in the view of Hezbollah, Hamas.GALLAGHER: Yes.STAKELBECK: Israel is only the little Satan. Let's remember, it's America that's a great Satan. And we're showing daylight now in the relationship, wrong message to our enemies.GALLAGHER: Yes.STAKELBECK: Which our shared enemies, by the way.GALLAGHER: And listen, we've been pointing fingers at Chuck Schumer here, but it was comes on the heels of Joe Biden, saying being caught on a hot mic, after the State of the Union address, saying you know what? That Netanyahu needs to come to Jesus.So, it feels like, if you're on the other side, if you're in Israel, feels like, wait a minute, where is our ally? Where is our coalition here, Rabbi.MENTZ: I'm going to tell you a line from an unbelievable book called The Book of Esther, I don't preach the Bible here. Salvation will come if not from you, because of where you're in place. It will come from somewhere else.We Jews aren't going anywhere. And America has to wake up and smell the coffee. You are worried about a few people screaming in your streets? Get the rest of the Michigan people to vote for you. And don't worry about that 100,000.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: This is about saving America and Israel is doing your fight.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean, red line, Joe Biden talked about in Rafah. I mean, there is a lot of people in Israel. Netanyahu being one of them, saying, we will fight this the way that we need to fight this.COHEN: Well, Netanyahu understands the macro problem here, which is that Israel is fighting a Western war. Hamas is -- I remember, Trace, this isn't -- Hamas is just a piece. This is Iran.Iran is pulling the strings against U.S. service members who have died. A ship -- sailors were just killed in those -- in those mega transit routes. 100 rockets were fired the other day from Lebanon.And so, I ran is the master of puppets here. And so, what we're seeing is Iran sitting back laughing at Chuck Schumer, going, he's doing the work for us.GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: Thanks, Chuck, we appreciate it. (INAUDIBLE) like they say in Farsi.GALLAGHER: Yes. It's a very good point here. This poll says sympathies in the Middle East. Who do you sympathize with among Democrats? Look at that. Israelis, Palestinians 44 percent.Erick Stakelbeck, I mean, it comes down to Biden needs those votes back, and what is he going to do to get them? I've got 30 seconds for you.STAKELBECK: And Rabbi said, it's all about Michigan. It's all political.Look, Trace, I was just in Israel a few weeks ago. I can tell you, no matter what, which way the winds are blowing, politically in Washington, D.C., the people of Israel right now are unified and resilient like I have never seen before. They are in it to win it when it comes to Hamas, Hezbollah, and beyond.GALLAGHER: Erick, Aaron, Rabbi --MENTZ: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Thank you all.COHEN: Thank you, Trace.GALLAGHER: We, of course are still waiting for the decision from a Georgia judge on whether to remove Fani Willis from the case against former President Trump. Meantime, Jim Jordan is now threatening the Fulton County District Attorney with contempt of Congress.Jordan, says Willis' compliance with a subpoena concerning her office's use of federal funds to date is deficient.And both Trump and Special Counsel Jack Smith were both back in the Florida courtroom today, for arguments about the Trump legal team's motion to dismiss the classified documents case.But late today, Judge Aileen Cannon denied the motion saying the prosecution will proceed.Meantime, a warning -- a graphic warning about new video evidence of America's rising epidemic of youth violence video that shows a fifth-grade girl mercilessly beating a first-grade boy on a Michigan school bus.Ashley Strohmier is live with more on the disturbing details of this.Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Yes, Trace, that's hard to watch.That video of a fight on a school bus in Niles, Michigan has gone viral and not for good reason. The incident allegedly shows a fifth-grade girl, beating on a 7-year-old boy as other students laughed in the background.And I'm going to warn you the quality of the video which we receive from Daily Mail is not great but it is no less disturbing. So, take a listen for yourself.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I can never take that disrespect.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Record this.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I've been. I've been.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hold on. -- is in the -- camera.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You just got beat up little boy, shut up.You mad because you got beat up.STROHMIER (voice over): It's absolutely disgusting. Needless to say, parents in the school district are horrified including the boy's father, who spoke at a press conference after watching the video himself.T.J. CAMP, FATHER OF FIRST-GRADER: I was horrified by what I saw. The school district told me there were two adults on the bus, the driver and a monitor. That's going to be seen in the video, and nothing was done to stop the attack on my child.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Other parents complained that bullying has been an issue in the school district for years. Niles Community School Superintendent Dan Applegate told a local news outlet that a code of conduct meeting was being scheduled to determine the student's futures and make clear the district takes all bullying cases seriously.The students involved in the incident have reportedly been removed from school for the time being. We did reach out to the Niles community schools and the Niles police department to see what if any further action has been taken, but we have not yet heard back. Trace.GALLAGHER: If you do, we'll get back to you. Ashley Strohmier, live for us in New York. Ashley thank you. Let's bring in retired NYPD detective Rob O'Donnell and former FBI Special Agent Nicole Parker. Welcome both of you.I mean, two adults on that bus and the beating just went on and on. Here is a parent at a protest, talking about the bus beating. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRITTANY OTTINGER, PARENT: And I fear every day that I put my son on the bus, I can't wait to get him off and hug him.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. I feel the same way, Nicole Parker, if I was putting a kid on that bus. Because there is no consequences for these types of actions or so it seems. And you just wonder how this goes on and on across the country on a daily basis.NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Right. I mean, bullying right now is at an all-time high. I mean, bullying is detrimental to an adolescent's physical well-being as well as their mental well-being. And it cannot be tolerated.And frankly, children that are bullying others at school, the parents of those children need to step in and get involved and teach their children that will not be tolerated.It -- I personally believe that it starts in the home and that they need to be held accountable at home, but also the school needs to hold them accountable as well.GALLAGHER: Yes.PARKER: There need to be individuals on the bus to make sure that this doesn't ever happen again. A 6-year-old getting beat up by a fifth-grader is despicable.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's awful.It is. And there is even worse stuff out there. Because we move on to this Rob O'Donnell, there is a fight in St. Louis, where a young girl had her head slammed against the ground repeatedly, she remains fighting for her life tonight.Senator Josh Hawley, said the following: "The video is incredibly hard to watch. A jury needs to see that. We've got to send a message This isn't fun and games. This isn't some little dispute on a sports field. This was an all-out assault and we cannot allow that to happen."They filmed it. They didn't stop it. Rob, your thoughts?ROB O'DONNELL, RETIRED DETECTIVE, NEW YORK POLICE DEPARTMENT: Yes, absolutely.The callousness of those who just stood by and film this while the girl was convulsing after it was done, didn't come to her aid is despicable.You know, I looked up a Gallup poll from October of 2023, and it said, only -- is in 2000, 65 percent of adults wanted to hold juvenile violent offenders accountable as adults. That went down to 46 percent in 2023.GALLAGHER: Yes.O'DONNELL: More lenient in juvenile court in 2000, they wanted 24 percent 47 percent. This is an attempted murder. There is no doubt.GALLAGHER: Yes.O'DONNELL: If you look the way she violently struck her head on the concrete --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.O'DONNELL: To cause this girl to go into a coma and convulses, it's attempted murder.GALLAGHER: Yes. It really is. I want to get both of you in here now. Because a little bit of breaking news coming out. Both of the Michigan high school shooter, Ethan Crumbley's parents, Nicole Parker, this is kind of your wheelhouse, you have covered these shootings, you know them.They were both convicted now as being accomplices in this high school shooting. What do you think?PARKER: I'm always one that's going to believe in law and order. And anyone that had any particular involvement should be held accountable. And exactly going to my original speaking point, when the parent is involved in possible, you know, lending themselves to assisting their child to commit such an abhorrent and destructive and evil crime, I believe that there should be accountability.GALLAGHER: Yes, Orange County in California, Southern California, Rob, the attorney, Todd Spitzer, attorney general -- district attorney, rather, said the following here. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TODD SPITZER, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA: Crime doesn't pay in Orange County. If you steal, we will prosecute. It's that simple.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Tough to prosecute, Rob, when the state law says that in essence, stealing is not illegal.O'DONNELL: Yes, and words are just that words. It's a good start. But they need to show this through action. We need to stop making excuses for juvenile crime. We need to stop making excuses for crime in general. That's why we're seeing it skyrocketed.They are talking about economics for a reason for crime, for race for a reason of crime. You know, equity for a reason of crime.GALLAGHER: Right.O'DONNELL: And age for a reason of quant crime.GALLAGHER: You know, when kids commit adult crimes, they need to be treated as such.GALLAGHER: Yes.O'DONNELL: And you could tell them all they want, but you need to show them, you need to walk these kids. You need to show them when they turn 18 and they are crying, when they're walking into a big boy or big girl prison to the students and saying, hey, you remember that tough guy or girl that you knew back in high school? This is them crying?GALLAGHER: Yes. Rob, we got to go. Thank you, Rob O'Donnell. Nicole Parker, thank you both.Coming up, a South Carolina School District is now accused of hiding what books they are showing students on critical race theory. They are trying to trick parents and students, but it's not working.We'll talk to some education experts about what rights are being violated.In the "NIGHTCAP", have you ever heard of mewing? It was originally meant to slim your jaw profile. But teachers say the gesture, which is going viral among students is a sign of disrespect. Do you agree? X and Instagram, let us know. We'll read the best results in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, Moms for Liberty is accusing a South Carolina school library of restricting access to its online card catalogue to hide what the group calls critical race theory books from parents.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke back live with us with the details on that story. Kevin?CORKE: Trace, this is quite interesting actually. The Anderson School District claims that it required all schools in that district to unlock their catalogues at the beginning of the school year. But the Moms for Liberty leader in the state says at least one catalogue remain blocked as recently as the 12th of February."Instead of listing these books as available in the library, they are making a conscious decision to include them in curriculum read aloud in class so parents don't know."That according to Carly Carter, the chair of the Anderson County Moms for Liberty group. She said that in a statement of The Daily Signal.By the way, she also claims that Wren High School library's catalogue -- that high school's library catalogue remains locked even now. Carter went on to say that they want to expose children to a social curriculum that they don't want parents to know anything about.That's appalling, pointing to documents obtained and a FOIA request that suggested even a school librarian suggested a little intentional subterfuge by the district. Really questionable behavior.By the way, an Anderson School District's spokesperson tells The Daily Signal "The district strives to be transparent with our students, parents, and community members." That's what they say. It may not line up with what they do, however, Trace.GALLAGHER: Love that word, transparent. Is just so eye opening.CORKE: Yes.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke, live for us again in D.C. Kevin, thank you.CORKE: You bet.GALLAGHER: Well, the Fox News @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" isn't big into pop music, but certainly knows about the singer and actress Olivia Rodrigo, the former Disney Channel star who is very popular among young people, especially women, and especially kids who watch the Disney Channel.But during her concert in Missouri, the singer decided to hand out emergency contraception pills, also known as morning after pills. Rodrigo has also publicized the fact that a portion of her concert tour proceeds are donated to funding abortion. She even hands out cards that say, "funding abortion". It's a good idea, right?"COMMON SENSE" thinks, not good, not right. And not just because her fans are mostly between the ages of 12 and 20, but because those fans, mostly between the ages of 12 and 20, came to hear her sing, not to be handed abortion propaganda along with uninvited medication. Rodrigo's act also includes an F-You to conservative Supreme Court justices who she "hates".The singer believes she is leading her fans into the movement toward reproductive freedom. Common sense thinks the singer gives herself too much credit. She's not empowering. She's mitigating. She claims to promote choice, but instead issues doctrine. Common sense wonders why the music is so soft and preaching so very loud.Let's bring in the co-author of Stolen Youth and Montgomery County, Maryland, School Board Candidate, Bethany Mandel; along with the President and Founder of Parents Defending Education, Nicole Neily. Thank you both for coming on. I don't know, Bethany, you tell me, passing out condoms? I mean, you look at the pictures, loaded with kids that are eight, and I know that the crowd is 12 to 20, but 8, 9, 10-year-old girls passing out condoms, emergency contraception. What do you think about this?BETHANY MANDEL, "STOLEN YOUTH" AUTHOR: I can't imagine this as a particularly fun concert to go to. You either have to be having unprotected sex in order to have any fun, or you're just being preached at. This is not an environment I think any parent wants their kids in, however they feel about abortion. You just want to go to a concert and have a good time and listen to some music, and not be sort of lectured at by anyone for anything, especially on abortion and all these things when there are little girls in the audience.GALLAGHER: Yes, that's exactly right. Now to the South Carolina school hiding the library catalog, Nicole Neily. The Daily Signal headline says "What are they hiding? School librarians admit they hid card catalog from parents while pushing BLM, LGBTQ issues." I mean it really is kind of appalling that we have to keep all these secrets from parents to get what we want.NICOLE NEILY, PRESIDENT AND FOUNDER, PARENTS DEFENDING EDUCATION: Yes, I mean, honestly I'd love to see districts spending less time playing games and keeping things from parents and maybe more time trying to address the historic learning loss that they're facing. They have finite resources, they have finite time, and this is how they want to do things. And while this may just be one school district, this has echoing effects. I mean, this is destroying trust in the public education system across the board. And so, shame on this school district, and hopefully they'll see some common sense.GALLAGHER: What amazes me about this is when they talk to the librarian, Bethany Mandel, they talk to the librarian, the librarian's like, well, why'd you do it? Well, we had to hide them from parents. I mean, they said you have to open up the piece, you have to open up these Rolodex things. We have to hide it from parents, right? I mean, the parents can't know about this. I mean, it's just so bold and so brazen, and everybody knows it's going on, and everybody acknowledges, and they think, what's the big deal?MANDEL: Yes, I mean, this is not only troubling in itself, but it's also sending a really scary message to kids that adults can keep secrets from your parents about sex, and that you have to participate in that secret keeping. That is such a red flag when it comes to keeping kids safe from sexual predators. The fact that librarians are promoting that messaging is really, really dangerous, not just for those kids in that moment, but throughout the rest of their lives and their childhoods, keeping them safe from sexual predators.GALLAGHER: Yes, Fox News Digital wrote the following. This is a, I guess, racial equity officer for College Park, Maryland, who said the following, quoting here: "I can't wait for society to collapse so my ideology can rise from the ashes. Remember, we are at war against colonialism. We can't forget. I hate when white children stare at me. It's literally terrifying, so I just stare back until they stop. The police are the white supremacist." She's the racial equity officer for College Park, Maryland. Nicole?NEILY: I mean, this is yet another example of our tax dollars being weaponized against us, and it really shows that the DEI industry is rotten to its core. They don't care about diversity. They don't care about inclusion. They want submission, and they want retribution. This is why these programs should be pulled out root and branch. This is not the kind of thing that we need to be spending money on. Period. This is unacceptable.GALLAGHER: Bethany, I've got 15 seconds if you'd like to take the last.MANDEL: I mean this is Montgomery County, Maryland. Welcome to it. This is part of why I'm running for school board here. I mean, it's so pervasive in this county. What happens here is a blueprint for the rest of the country. And this nonsense has really taken root. And when they tell you who they are, believe them. This is the root of it. This is what they really believe. Listen.GALLAGHER: Listen, Bethany, Nicole, thank you both. Coming up, when the left says we are just following the science, it means you can just kind of hush up because the argument is over. Dr. Houman Hemmati has a message for the science followers. He's live with us on set next.And still ahead, the fastest passenger jet ever took a little boat ride down the Hudson River. And some unexpected visitors stopped this tennis match. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next.Meantime, 8:34 here on the West Coast. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, trip across America -- first a live look, Bakersfield, California. That's the hometown Kevin McCarthy, known as the oil capital of California. George Bush actually struck oil there a long time ago.Next, Altoona, Iowa's Adventureland, opened in 1974. Finally, a live Earthcam look at Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, known as the Christmas City.And if you cannot join us live, don't forget to set your DVR and watch us any time. We are coming right back.Houman Hemmati and whether following the science is really the way to go.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, first up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP", the New York Times reporting that migrant children are now selling candy on the subway. Many people asking on social media if the practice could be breaking child labor laws. These are kids between the ages of 6 and 17 now required to be in school and no one is allowed to sell anything on the subway apparently without a permit.Former head football coach of the University of Alabama, roll tide, Nick Saban, spoke with our own Bret Baier on the "SPECIAL REPORT" show tonight clarifying his position on student-athlete compensation. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) NICK SABAN, FORMER COLLEGE FOOTBALL COACH: I think they should share in some of the revenue, but I think it needs to be, you know, equal across the board so that a school that can afford more can't create an advantage for themselves just because they have more money to spend.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Saban, who announced his retirement earlier this year, further explained he's not against name-image likeness deals, but just thinks they should be structured in a way that's beneficial to the student-athletes' well-being. A new Wall Street Journal op-ed claims that the old adage, follow the science, actually leads to ruin, at least when it comes to climate policy.It reads in part, "Pervasive environmental fear-mongering has encouraged anxious protesters across the world's wealthiest nations to proclaim that we just stop oil, along with coal and gas. That's as ludicrous as trying to end traffic deaths by setting speed limits near zero worldwide." Their demands would prevent some deaths but also destroy life as we know it.And with that, let's bring in board-certified medical doctor Human Hamadi to talk about this. I want to go on and just kind of pick that up one more time. The Wall Street Journal goes on to say, quoting here, when politicians tell us we must follow the science toward extreme climate policies. They are really trying to shut down the discussion of enormous unsustainable costs.We should not let them. We talk about this with COVID. They said follow the science and we had to shut up, man, or we were killing people. Now it's climate and it's going to go on and on. Your thoughts on this?DR. HOUMAN HEMMATI, BOARD CERTIFIED MEDICAL DOCTOR: And that's what happens, Trace. Whenever you hear someone now say, this is the science. This is science. Science is settled. Follow the science. That's when you have to worry, is there something else going on here?There's now this whole concept among the people who do follow the science, whether it's in government or even in media, that if you're disloyal to whatever the party line is now on whatever the science is, based on whatever the emergency of the day is or emergency of the year is, you are somehow an evil person.You're a right wing, you were trying to destroy civilization, you're selfish, you're a killer. And that's exactly the opposite. True science, as we all know, happens with true debate, with open dialogue, and science also evolves over time with information.GALLAGHER: It's the only time in history I've ever seen where scientists are actually told to hush up because they're not allowed in the debate. It's kind of crazy. So, John Barrasso was questioning the Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra and they said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN BARRASSO (R-WY): Can you please explain why it is the responsibility of hard-working American taxpayers to foot the bill for all of this care for people, nine million now, from all across the world who have flooded their way into the United States?XAVIER BECERRA, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES EMERGENCY: I don't know of a particular case that you might want to mention but I know that we are prepared to be supportive of any facility where the, the, the authorities that you have given us allow us to go in and support.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: The Health and Human Services Secretary could not point to a certain case where hospitals are being overrun The Health and Human Services Secretary could not point to a certain case where hospitals are being overrun Well put this up on the screen Denver Health in Colorado overrun Cook County Health System, Chicago, Illinois, New York City Health, Mass General, Brigham Health System, Massachusetts. Apple Health in Washington State.These are some of those hospital systems overrun, including Eagle Pass, Texas, which is not a sanctuary state, but was kind of forced upon them. And the Health and Human Services Secretary's like, you know, can you give me an example of what's happening across the country? It's astounding.HEMMATI: This is a tip of the iceberg, by the way. This list is, you know, probably one thousandth of the true list of hospitals that are overrun because, you know, if you're a migrant who doesn't have health insurance and doesn't have money, you know that you can get free medical care in the emergency room because due to the federal EMTALA laws, it's called, you cannot turn anyone away. So, because of that, people go and fill the emergency rooms, fill the hospitals.A lot of people are coming who have not had any medical care in their home country for many, many years, if ever, and now come to the U.S. full of chronic medical problems and now they get them treated. The problem is that our healthcare system was already teetering on the brink even before we had a massive influx of millions of migrants. There were many areas that are very underserved with insufficient doctors, and now it's only getting worse.GALLAGHER: And, I want to just put this up because you posted this on X. So, we have 24 percent increase in tuberculosis cases, and now it has a 13 percent death rate. And unlike COVID, this is not an exaggeration. The increase, along with illegal migration increase, is there a correlation? I'm only got about 10 seconds.HEMMATI: Yes, the state has noted, in fact, in its emergency release to doctors this week, that this is associated with people coming into the U.S. When people come in legally, what happens? You get a TB blood test, you get a chest x-ray, you get a lot of other medical exams. When you come in without that, all of a sudden, we stop screening out people who are bringing in horrible communicable diseases with a 13 percent death rate, and all of a sudden, I think we're going to start seeing cases homegrown here in the U.S.GALLAGHER: Doctor, thank you as always. Appreciate it. First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEO." A brave soul captured this video of a tornado plowing across the field in Northeast, Kansas severe weather spawned multiple twisters in that region.Meantime the world's fastest commercial jet riding a boat down the Hudson River to the Intrepid Museum in Manhattan after undergoing Restoration the jet holds the world record speed for a passenger plane clocking in at over 1,300 miles per hour. That is almost twice the speed of sound.Not quite. You got to bump it up a couple hundred miles an hour. That is -- oh, almost twice the speed of sound. Not quite, you got to bump a couple of 100 miles an hour.Meantime, a swarm of bees forced officials to suspend the quarterfinal match at the BNP Paribas Tennis Open. The referee declared a bee invasionshortly before getting stung himself. Athletes and officials alike fled to the locker rooms while the insects temporarily dominated the court. Dominated. Coming up, students obsessed with the new viral trend, mewing. This is what it looks like, right? You mew. It's supposed to thin your jaw.Teachers say it's disrespectful and kids are doing it all the time in class and now they want to quit. Is it rude or are students just trying to be funny? Are they trying to narrow their jaw line? Do you know how to mew? What do you think of it? We're going to have the "NIGHTCAP" crew take this up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Christina Coleman, Dr. Houman Hemmati and Bethany Mandel. Tonight's topic, hidden meanings. Mewing is the latest trend among teens, taking over the Internet, but now it's spilled into the classroom and teachers are frustrated. One recently went viral saying her mewing students might be the reason she quits.She is fed up. Do you think mewing to a teacher is disrespectful? I think we should probably make people mew before they answer the question, right, Christina Coleman? Because I love the whole thing where I see my daughters do it, you know, they do this and I think, oh, come on, what are you doing? It's just kind of crazy. You think it's disrespectful?COLEMAN: It's disrespectful. And I never heard about this until tonight. I guess I'm just behind on the trend, but if a teacher asks you a question, you should answer. None of this.GALLAGHER: Right?COLEMAN: None of that stuff.GALLAGHER: Dr. Houman Hemmati, the medical explanation for this is they're trying to slim their jaw.HEMMATI: Well, you know, there are doctors who actually inject Botox into one of the muscles in your face called the masseter muscle in order to shrink it and do the same thing. It costs a lot of money. I guess this is free. You know, look, there are a lot of worse things that kids can be doing in school. If they want to mew, I used to think it was cat noises. I didn't realize until like a moment ago that it's this. It's fine. Let them do it.GALLAGHER: I don't know, Bethany Mandel, "Stolen Youth," author. I mean, if a kid did this, you'd be like, I got your mewing.MANDEL: I mean, I can't imagine being so offended. It must be exhausting to be this offended all the time by the most inconsequential things. My day, back in my day, because I'm old and also had never heard of this, we just rolled our eyes at teachers. This is welcome to teachers. There's attitudes on teenagers. Stalker.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: I would have been more offended if it was what I thought it was originally, which was it just being misspelled for mooing like a cow. That's what I thought. That's how out I am on everything. I don't think I care.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke.CORKE: I have five brothers. I still watch Rick and Morty. This is right up my alley. This is something I probably would have done to be honest.GALLAGHER: Is mewing disrespectful? Yes, 82 percent. Instagram, yes, 79 percent.Joy says, "Just creepy. I'd send them to a therapist."Razzle Dazzle, "Sarcastic and disrespectful. Shushing someone and wagging your finger at them. Showtime, my brother didn't mew, but he drove one teacher nuts imitating a pigeon." OK.Scott says, "No, it's just a fad that will pass if teachers ignore it."Kris Scheppler says, "Absolutely they aren't cats, they're humans. And Peter says, "Got to get that jawline in shape somehow."Thanks for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We'll see you right back here for a Friday night, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. Thank you.