SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".With just 209 days until the 2024 presidential election, Americans now are facing a mountain of serious, serious problems. Now, each night on this program we do our very best to document the truth, many of the major issues of the day that impact your life, including Joe Biden's border crisis, his crime crisis, the Biden inflation crisis, the turmoil that is overseas and around the world.And tonight, we will show you the latest record-breaking crime statistics, the latest big crime carjackings.We'll also bring you the latest example of violent crime. It is now exploding among New York City's massive illegal immigrant population.Also tonight, Larry Kudlow will be here with an update on the economy. Spoiler alert, I wish I had better news. The numbers are not good. Needless to say, the coverage is not the same on other networks, or on the pages of almost any major newspaper.Now these are organizations filled with self-proclaimed journalists. They're not journalists. One big problem, journalism is dead. It is buried. This is something that I, well, accurately said back in 2007 or '08 when the press turned into giddy cheerleaders for the anointed one Barack Obama.Now, for almost every newsroom in America, it's not -- it's -- they're not news, they're opinion, they're talk show hosts. They're their radical leftist talk host, with a few exceptions. Journalism has now been replaced by liberal, radical activism. Journalists are far left hacks, some of them flirting right on the borderline with communism.There is no fidelity to the truth whatsoever. They will lie. They will censor. They will obfuscate the truth, all as a means to an end. Their goal is political power, a left-wing utopia, where dissent no longer exists.But you don't have to take my word for it, one senior editor at NPR courageously now just coming clean in an op-ed entitled, quote, I've been at NPR for 25 years, here's how we lost Americans -- America's trust. He then went on to blast his own organization for morphing from a left leaning news operation into an extreme far-left political machine focused on, quote, efforts to damage or topple Donald Trump's presidency. He found that the taxpayer-funded national radio station employed, quote, 87 registered Democrats working in editorial positions. How many Republicans? Zero.He was critical of NPR's obsession over the Russia hoax and its decision to censor the hunter Biden laptop story. Quote, the laptop was newsworthy but the timeless journalistic instinct of following a hot story lead was being squelched during a meeting with colleagues. I listen - I listened as one of NPR's best and most fair-minded journalists said it was good we weren't following the laptop story, why, because it could help Donald Trump.Even for a self-described, Subaru-driving, Sarah Lawrence-educated, 25-year NPR employee, even that went too far. Now, of course, to -- no one else at NPR, they don't seem to care. Their operation pretty much mirrors almost every other, quote, news room in America. They're not newsrooms.For them, Biden is little more than a spineless brainless vessel who can be used to implement their radical vision for America. They might even actually see Joe Biden's intellectual shortcomings and his cognitive decline as a positive thing, because it then makes it easier to control him.In contrast, they hate Donald Trump. They're not shy about it. They hate the MAGA movement and more than anything else, they have zero influence over Donald Trump.He deeply offends their virtuous sensibilities. He represents a real threat to America's bloated partisan bureaucracy known as the deep state. He shatters illusions. He's iconoclastic in that way.So no matter how spectacularly Joe Biden is failing as president, he's going to get a free pass, and extremely favorable coverage all while Donald Trump gets dragged through the mud and here is but the latest just example. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INTERVIEWERE: What in your view constitutes the primary threat to freedom and democracy at home?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Donald Trump, seriously. Donald Trump talking -- he uses phrases like you're going to use -- eviscerate the Constitution, he's going to be a dictator on day one.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Joe Biden is lying Donald Trump did not say any of those things.Trump also didn't direct his Department of Justice to persecute -- prosecute his political opponents, that was Joe Biden, the president of this country. Joe Biden is now using America's system of justice as a political weapon.The president is now also likely defying a Supreme Court ruling on, quote, student loan forgiveness just prior to an election. Why? He wants to buy votes before the courts, have yet another chance to step in and stop him for a second time.Now, the president also reportedly directed the federal government with the help of big tech to censor social media post they don't like. The president also eliminated our southern border. He's not enforcing the laws of this country, and he's aided and embedded in the lawbreaking, encouraging ten -- what over 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants into the country, many of whom are breaking our laws, many from our top geopolitical foes.But Donald Trump is the threat to democracy? No, I would say the threat at the border with people from Iran and Syria, Afghanistan and Egypt and Russia and China, they're probably a bigger threat to our democracy.Notice that the biased reporter didn't bring up any of these issues during Joe's answer, just sat there in silence, happily providing Joe Biden with a platform to smear Trump. In fact, outside of this network, few of America's abusively biased and corrupt reporters ever challenge Joe Biden or call him out for his blatant lies. They let him spend the entire 2020 election hiding in his basement and for example, yesterday, we got another big whopper. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I like an awful lot of people in this audience had was the first in my family to go to college and watch my dad struggle to help me get there and get all the kids there and it wasn't easy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Joe Biden was not the first one in his family to go to college. His father attended the very prestigious John Hopkins University and Biden is even on tape bragging about his grandfather who played football at Santa Clara. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Being raised by a grandpop who went to Santa Clara back in the days when Irish in northeast Pennsylvania didn't very much get a chance to go to college and he was an all-American football player at Santa Clara, and he came back as a newspaper guy on the business side.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: In 1987, "The New York Times", they brutalized Biden over this very same lie, but don't expect a similar level of journalism today. The fact checkers have taken a sabbatical for the last years, as Biden lies pretty much with impunity. He lied about leaving Americans behind in Afghanistan, he lied about his own son dying in Iraq, he didn't die in Iraq. He lied about his never meeting with his son or brother or anybody for that matter, their foreign business deals or ever had any discussions with any of them.He lied about his role in the civil rights movement. He lied about getting arrested in South Africa. He lied about his involvement with Hunter's art career. He lied about the border being closed and the border being secure. He lied about inflation being transitory. He lied about his interview with the special counsel Robert Hur. He lied about Trump's position on abortion.He currently lies about the national debt and deficit going down. And he lied when he promised to support Israel which is America's closest ally in the Middle East.No, in order to win back the radical leftwing voters that have been running from him, Biden has turned his back on Israel as literally putting his own blind personal political ambition above standing up against radical Islamic terrorists that attacked Israel, killing many and taking others prisoner.You know, Joe is now desperately trying to appease well people like this, he wants their vote. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Gaza has shown the entire world why these protest are so anti- America, because it's the United States government that provides the funds for all of the atrocities that we just heard about.PROTESTERS: Death to America! Death to America! Death to America! Death to America!(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That video, chants of death to America, death to Israel coming from Dearborn, Michigan, got very little coverage outside of this network. And it wasn't the first time that we have heard calls for Israel to be annihilated from this group but the media mob doesn't want it to be an issue, especially when Biden is begging for their support. They would never let the hatred for America get in the way of winning a good election and beating Donald Trump any way they can.So as always the media mob, they will do whatever it's going to take to cover for Joe Biden and yet they still claim to be journalists, they are not. They are radical leftwing talk show hosts pretending to be journalists. It is dishonest, it's insulting and you the American people -- most of you watching this network know better.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Joe Concha, and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee.Governor, you've lived this. Joe, you've covered this.Governor, I don't think it's ever been this bad and I did predict a long time ago back in '07 and '08 that journalism is dead. I got no idea at the time how right I really was.MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER GOVERNOR OF ARKANSAS: Yeah, the truth is, Sean, Elvis Presley is more alive than journalism is today and that's just a absolute fact.It's long been gone and I thought that this article you alluded to it earlier from the NPR, a veteran of 25 years was stunning. Not in its revelation of something we didn't know, but in his admission of it. I mean, just coming out and saying what all of us have felt now for years, and I think the obvious question to that is, why in the heck do taxpayers invest a dime in something that absolutely hates half the country and half of the people who are helping to pay for it.Maybe it's time to just say, with the deficits we have and the incredible debt we have, there are some things we need to get rid of. We could start there.HANNITY: Where -- do you see any network, news network, ABC, CBS, NBC, Joe Concha, MSDNC, fake news CNN, "New York Times", "Washington Post" -- I mean, they are all aligned politically. By the end of this election cycle, combined, this will be the biggest campaign contribution in the history of presidential elections. That's it.I mean, you can't ask for more fawning coverage than what they give Joe Biden and more anti-Trump coverage they're obsessed with him every second every minute of every day.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Sean, you want to know how broken -- utterly broken our media is to your point? On MSNBC tonight, their special guest that they promoted the hell out of by the way on social media was Michael freaking Avenatti phoning in from federal prison to comment on Donald Trump's trials to give his analysis on the whole deal. You cannot make this stuff up.And, look, here's the most telling part of that NPR story and perhaps why I've seen -- unless I missed it -- nothing on the other so-called news networks regarding this piece. Yuri Berliner, who won't be invited to CPAC anytime soon, he is a liberal, wrote, quote, the laptop was worthy, Hunter Biden's laptop. But the timeless journalistic instinct of following a hot story lead was being squelched, unquote.So it appears that Trump's election seven and a half years ago probably prompted the biggest chain reaction in the history of this industry. Many journalists at outlets and it doesn't matter what Akerman were talking about, NPR, PBS, NBC, ABC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC, renounced any rules and norms and ethics of journalism and then proceeded to basically bear hug publicly what many of them always were privately -- political advocates and activists in the most insufferable and pious way possible. And this posturing was only compounded by the fact that their friends in the media all cheered each other on with likes and retweets which is the ultimate gold stars to those impossibly insecure and attention starved people.And what this NPR shows, Sean, Mike, is that they believed that they were on the right side of history, making their blind partisanship justified all while saving democracy they say from a man who they believe was worse than Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Darth Vader and, you know, dark helmet combined, Sean.HANNITY: You know, Governor Huckabee, if -- you know, look at what we learned this week. We saw that the Biden campaign was furious and they let the media know it, because they weren't covering Donald Trump to their liking on the issue of abortion and all they did in this case was accurately lay out what Donald Trump had said. And then, of course, how many in the media are ignoring death to America chants in Michigan, and I think this is of grave importance because the Democrats and Joe Biden in their campaign, they are scared to death, 100,000 Democratic primary voters in Michigan didn't vote for Joe Biden, 18.9 percent of those votes went against him, 50,000 in Wisconsin.So Joe Biden now would rather sell out our ally Israel in their war against terror, the worst attack in their history. So he would have a better chance of winning Michigan and Wisconsin and other states. Wow, that in and of itself should be a massive story.HUCKABEE: Well, it should be. It's such a crass political position to take when the lives of Jewish people in Israel are literally on the line and here is a country, the most freedom Democratic country in all of that part of the world, the only one in fact, and it's threatened with its very existence and Joe doesn't seem to really care, it's stunning.And here's the White House yelling at the press telling them the story that they ought to be recovering and it makes me think of, you know, when you watch a basketball game and the coach goes and yells at the refs and suddenly, all the calls start going differently. I mean, that's what we're watching right before our eyes, they're screaming at the stripe shirts, and the stripe shirts have decided take off the stripe shirts, put on a jersey and just go ahead cheer for the home team, and that's what they're doing.HANNITY: It's a great analogy.Governor Huckabee, Joe Concha, thank you both. We appreciate it.All right. Now, according to some reports my next guest is now -- ABC among them -- the front runner to become Donald Trump's running mate. Here to respond to that more, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.Senator, I'm sure you heard about it. I'm sure you read about it. Want to get your thoughts about it.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Well, Sean, there's no doubt that we need four more years of Donald Trump, and I will do everything in my power to make sure we get four more years of Donald Trump. It is the best outcome for all of America.Listening to your brilliant monologue reminds me of election engineering, whether it's the DNC, CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC and CBS, they have become an extension of the liberal elite who are trying to have election engineering. They're trying to engineer an outcome.Listen, Sean, they have lost their minds because they're losing their voters. Bottom line is that we have to coalesce around Donald Trump so that we get four more years of low inflation, four more years of low unemployment, and frankly a return to a fair and equal America.Everybody deserves the chance to succeed, but you got to work for it, and unfortunately, the liberal left, they are losing their minds, because they're losing their voters, and thank God almighty that Donald Trump has the backbone and the tenacity to stand in the fire because if it's not him, it will be me, and it will be you.HANNITY: You know, we recently lost Joe Lieberman. I was friends with Joe Lieberman, I like Joe Lieberman. He was sort of like the canary in the coal mine. He was the vice presidential candidate for Democrats in 2000, then the party threw him overboard and he had to run as an independent to win back his seat in Connecticut, which he did so successfully.And what does it say about the Democratic Party today that they're so radicalized that either Joe Biden betrays Israel as they were attacked, they were victims of terror, like we were victims of terror in 9/11/01. This was the worst terror attack --SCOTT: Yes.HANNITY: -- in their history. Hamas started this. It was unprovoked. Israel rightly is trying to win their war on terror. Joe Biden is putting a knife in their back, trying to influence their elections.SCOTT: Absolutely.HANNITY: And he's put his own personal political ambition above fighting terrorists because of the pressure from within his party. What does that say about the party of Lieberman or the party of Scoop Jackson if you want to go back even further? What has happened to this party that has become that radicalized that they taken the side of radical terrorists over the right of a country to win a war against terrorists?SCOTT: It's just disgusting. Senator Lieberman would be rolling over in his grave. Think about the fact that this administration told Israel on October the 7th, the day of the attacks, to stand down. Think about the fact that it's this administration that approved, greenlighted billions of dollars, $10 billion in November, $6 billion in August, greenlighting more money to actually fund Iranian proxies that are killing and targeting Americans.It's this administration that has allowed daylight between the United States of America and our greatest ally in the Middle East, Israel. I can't think of a greater dereliction of duty to save Afghanistan when we lost American soldiers than what we're watching right now on display for every American to see, 90 percent of Americans actually agree with standing shoulder to shoulder with our Israel -- our ally Israel.We all know, Psalms 122:6, pray for the peace of Jerusalem and those who do will prosper. This administration has lost its mind. This administration continues to prove that we are not loyal to our allies and therefore we cannot be lethal to our adversaries.Hamas continues to grow because this administration put so many handcuffs on Netanyahu and Israel that the war continues to drag on. Give them the resources the weaponry to finish this fight as quickly as possible and that's how you save lives. You don't save lives by turning your back on your greatest ally in the Middle East.HANNITY: All right. Let me ask you this. Based on tonight's report, have you had any conversation with President Trump about potentially being and running as his vice president. And if you are ask, what would you say?SCOTT: There's no doubt that President Trump will make that decision I believe before the convention. I have not had any specific conversation with the president. I can tell you one thing, whatever it takes, whatever it takes for President Donald Trump to have four more years, whatever it takes to restore sanity in the streets of America, count me in, Sean.You're a patriot. I'm a patriot. I love America. I'm not possible in any other country on the planet, except for the city on the hill. That's America.HANNITY: All right. The shining -- the shining city on the hill. All right. Great to see you, Senator Tim Scott, South Carolina.When we come back, all right, Biden's ploy now is to buy votes with your money. He's being challenged by a number of states.Plus, another batch of bad economic stories for Joe Biden. Larry Kudlow will break that down. Hang on to your wallet as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. According to Joe Biden and his biggest donors, that, of course, being the media mob, your life has never been better. But the facts, they tell a very different story. Now, a new survey shows that small business confidence has hit its lowest level in more than 11 years last month, many business owners now citing Biden's inflation as a top concern.Meanwhile, last week, the mob the media, they couldn't stop praising the new jobs report but what they forgot to mention, "Axios" did a good analysis, almost all the new jobs are going to foreign born workers and over the past year, 1.3 million foreign born workers have been hired while the number of native born American workers has fallen by 700,000, and by the way, almost all of those new jobs that they were screeching about last week, that were created these days, they're not full-time jobs. They're part-time jobs.But let not your heart be troubled, Joe Biden has a plan to fix the economic mess that he himself created. He wants to give away more free stuff. And only yesterday, Biden unveiled a new plan to for forgive even more student debt. Great, plumbers, electricians, carpenters, everybody just -- just ante up and pay for some sociology professor that's tenured at a liberal university.Biden just announced he's also doling out other money, six billion dollar, to an Arizona semiconductor factory but get this -- the project's president is the former CEO of Solyndra, remember them? The guy that led the failed solar power company into bankruptcy, right after bringing in a half a billion dollars in loans from the Obama administration?Well, here with a lot more -- and they never got the money back, by the way, is the host of "Kudlow", on our sister network, the FOX Business Channel.All right. Job creation numbers are total B.S. Good to know, gas prices again on their way up. We have, you know, Joe depleted the Strategic Petroleum Reserves, he can't fill them up again. Inflation last month up from a year ago, 3.2 percent. I mentioned small business optimism at a 11- year-low, and I guess my favorite story of the day is 6.6 billion to the guy that ran Solyndra into the ground and I thought million was a lot that he took from American taxpayers and wasted. How's that possible?LARRY KUDLOW, "KUDLOW" HOST: Well, look, first of all, thanks for having me back on the show, I appreciate it. The economy is not as strong as some of these numbers suggest and I think the small business survey you cited was very important. Inflation was up in that survey and economic activity was down.On the jobs report, about half of the top-line number was government jobs. The top line was about 300,000. However, about 150,000 were government or government related jobs. That's really quite something.And you're right, the part-time workers I think there were plus 700,000, full-time workers are actually down. This is all very strange and suggests as banker Jamie Dimon suggested the other day or yesterday, things may not be quite as strong as they appear to be.HANNITY: All right. So the economy, peace and prosperity drive elections. You heard the comments, for example, of David Axelrod. I thought he was right on. He's tired of Biden bragging about the economy, and I think he is far more in touch with -- with everyday Americans and the suffering that they're going through. You know, what did we read in the last two weeks that what, 50 percent top metro areas or the top metro areas in the country?It's cheaper to rent than for people to actually own. It's getting more difficult to buy a home because nobody wants to give up their 3 percent, 30-year fix rate mortgage and get another home. New home construction has come to a halt, gas price is now on the way up. That means everything we buy at every store we go to is going up as well, right?KUDLOW: Yeah. So we're going to see some higher energy prices. We're going to get a CPI report tomorrow, Sean. It's hard to predict these things month-to month, but in all likelihood, we're going to see higher CPI, and it's going to stay above the Fed's target.My guess is it's going to run about three and a half to 4 percent, the target is 2 percent and actually the last, I don't know, three, four, five months, it's been trending up not down. It's not as bad as it was two years ago, but it's going in the wrong direction.Look at, I think the biggest insult to middle class working folks is this Biden idea to cancel student loans and the interest on student loans which could come to about $500 billion, okay? That's a half a trillion dollars.Eighteen states are now going to sue to enjoin him from doing this. He lost last year on the same issue basically. Congress has never specifically mandated that the president has the authority to suspend these loans or the interest expense, and bear in mind, you're talking about, I'm going to say 30 percent cream of the crop going to colleges or graduate schools that benefit from these loans.But that leaves roughly 70 percent of taxpayers and working folks out there that do not play in the student loan game. And why should they have to finance a $500 billion bailout for the other 30 percent going to the elite private schools or the elite state schools. It makes no sense at all. And ironically, here's the greatest irony of all, the interest expense on some of these on these student loans was originally put in to finance Obamacare a bunch of years ago. You got to love that.People haven't really talked about that so they're doing away with all that sources of finance. One more point, Sean, this is what happens when the government runs things, okay? The Department of Education has no expertise in banking or credit analysis and yet they're presiding over $1.7 trillion in student loans. They made these loans without any knowledge of creditworthiness, whether the student or the parents or whatever. This is what Obama did years ago and Biden is now trying to unwind this thing.They ought to take it out of the Education Department, put it into the treasury, try to work it out, so we can get something from this disaster and maybe learn a lesson that private banks and private lenders should make loans not left-wing bureaucrats in the education department. So 70 percent of working folks are going to have to pay for 30 percent.Those are bad politics. I know it looks like Biden -- I mean, Biden's trying to buy the election, absolutely. I'm just saying to you, it's not going to work. It's going to backfire.People are going to see through it and the courts are going to stop it.HANNITY: And that it reinforces the idea that Democrats of the party are coastal elites. They're looking out for those going to graduate school and expensive colleges at the expense of hardworking Americans. Why should they have to pay? They didn't sign their name for a loan. They didn't get the benefit of Joe Biden's free education.KUDLOW: Right, right.HANNITY: And add one other point is the Supreme Court said they couldn't do it anyway, but I got to I got to run, Larry. I hate to do this to you.KUDLOW: New calls at big government socialism, Sean, big government socialism and it's an abject failure across the board.HANNITY: New green dealism, Larry. Thank you.Up next, horrific new examples of brazen crimes all across the country. We have it all on tape. You will see the shocking footage as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Another day, another stream of brazen violent crimes. Take a look at your screen. Look at this, a purse snatcher punches a 60- year -- 68-year-old woman right in the face, right in the face, sending her down a set of stairs at a New York City church. Then he steals her car as she lays on the ground helpless.Meanwhile, "The New York Post", you'll love this. They're reporting an alleged gang members roaming free despite racking up nine specific arrests this year. Why? Because in New York City and their very woke no bail laws.And take a look at this, according to police, a group of armed robbers shot a customer at a New York City bar before leaving with a gold chain and over $1,000 in cash. Now, the problem isn't just in New York. According to a new report, car thefts now surge to a record high in 2023.Well, what's fueling the crime wave? Well borden -- Biden's border crisis, that's not helping. Police are saying a group of illegal immigrant repeat offenders viciously attack police officers during a bust for ransacking in New York City Target, while another illegal was arrested for allegedly murdering and dismembering a man in California, the sanctuary state of California.Here with reaction, author of the upcoming book "The War on Warriors", "FOX and Friends" weekend co-host Pete Hegseth, and former senior Trump advisor Stephen Miller.You know look at these videos, Pete. Just take a look at this woman, she's going into church and you know, this woman gets knocked down to the ground. Then we have -- in "The New York Post" today, a gangbanger allegedly with the Latin Kings literally got arrested nine times. You look at the crimes, everything from intent to sell dangerous drugs, grand larceny of cars, possession of weapons, allegations of domestic violence, and then you look at, you know, how they treat police officers.I mean, you know, you got out of New York. I got out of New York. Stephen Miller was never dumb enough to be in New York.So, I mean, who wants to stay there?PETE HEGSETH, CO-HOST OF "FOX & FRIENDS WEEKEND": That's right. I mean, this is brought to you by the Democrat Party. This is brought to you by leftists. This is brought to you by regressives. They're not progressives, they're regressives.They're ultimately side -- on the side of criminals pursuing really radical policies that nobody wants, but ultimately serves some sort of utopian future they think benefits society? It's not -- it's not true at all.Here's the thing. For legal citizens, we're doing it to ourselves and the Democrats are doing it to us. You mentioned my new book "The War on Warriors", the book that's more important here is the book previous to that, the battle for "The American Mind". They've indoctrinated a generation of kids.Most of these people doing these things are young, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21 years old. They've come out of education systems that told them they have grievances, that told them they were the victims, that they're entitled to turning society upside down, and then they walk into a justice system that says you won't be held accountable. If you're a juvenile, you walk free. If you're -- if you commit a crime, there's no bail, there's no consequence, seven, eight, nine times and then they're joined by illegals who see our foolish country come in and say, I will be held accountable if I come here illegally or if I do something illegally. And these are all a consequence of left-wing policies that have ripped God out of our institutions and any rule of law and then left citizens fending for themselves in a very dangerous way in cities like New York.HANNITY: Stephen, let's get your take on this and then the illegal immigrant aspect of it, and I think the worst is yet to come because our top geopolitical foes, we got tens and tens of thousands from Iran, Syria, China, Russia, Egypt, Afghanistan.Is anyone going to try and make the case that we don't have terror cells because of Joe Biden's open border policy, 10 million illegal, unvetted Biden immigrants he's allowed the country? What do you think is going to happen as a result of that? I don't think it's hard to come to a conclusion here.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, clearly, Sean, we are at risk of terrorism and foreign malevolence that we have never seen before in the history of this country. The risk is that acute. It's that severe, it's that terrifying because for three years, our country has been seated with an unknown number of foreign agents who have significant --HEGSETH: Absolutely.MILLER: -- terror ties, significant close ties to espionage organizations foreign governments, foreign adversaries. Look, the Democrat Party, Sean, opened our border, and it opened our jails. And Americans are caught up in the carnage.So, you look at these videos that you showed, you look at law-abiding Americans getting beaten, getting robbed and getting murdered. That all is the responsibility of Joe Biden and the Democrat Party. Their war on police, their war on ICE, their war on Border Patrol and their war on the American citizen.What Americans need to understand going into 2024, Pete wisely used the term regressive. They're dismantling civilization. They're dismantling the structures of society. They're tearing it all down and if they're able to do this for another four years, there won't be a country left to save. You can have all of your other policy disagreements on taxes, on regulations, on any other issue.There won't be a country to save if we become a failed third world state. That is where we're heading. When you are not safe, Sean, when you cannot leave your home in security, and when as you have hit so effectively and so well, when you have foreign terrorists entering this country in vast numbers, then you are looking at the actual fall of this civilization. That's how grave and serious it is, Sean.HANNITY: You know, Pete, give you the last word here, we got about 30 seconds, but they become the party of radicals. I don't care if it's abandoning Israel because the base of that party literally hates our number one ally and is now offering aid and comfort to the terrorists that started the war against Israel, or abdicating their role of securing the border, allowing these unvetted people into the country from our top geopolitical foes.I mean, I -- it's surreal to me, it's so bad.HEGSETH: I mean, Sean, Joe Biden's party is the party of Hamas, the party of foreign criminal gangs, the party of criminality inside our own country, the party of illegal immigration, take your pick.Everything but America first, everything but the taxpaying hardworking law- abiding citizen of this country and that's it's about time we change that.HANNITY: All right. Pete, thank you. Stephen Miller, thank you, too.All right. Straight ahead tonight, you're not going to believe who the village of Dolton, Illinois, remember the mayor there? They hired somebody to investigate the mayor's alleged corruption.We'll explain. We'll get reaction. Horace Cooper has an interesting take as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: After a chaotic town hall meeting, remember, last week in Dolton, Illinois, where residents demanded that the controversial mayor, Tiffany Henyard, resign over alleged corruption -- well, now the village board voted to bring in a special investigator to look into their mayor. This investigator none other than the ousted Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot, or as we affectionately refer to her as Lori lightweight.Lightweight who's had a controversial career of her own will reportedly now be paid 400 bucks an hour to look into Henyard's alleged misconduct and finance mismanagement.In a statement, Lightweight said that her prior experience in Chicago will help her handle this investigation without bias.Here with reaction, Project 21 chairman Horace Cooper is with us.Okay, she did nothing to stop the violence in Chicago. She was one of the worst mayors in that city's history, which is saying a lot. And now she's going to look into the corruption of this mayor where I've think the average sit citizen makes about what 24 grand a year, and lives a very extravagant life as mayor? Good luck with that.HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: Well, it brings to mind the adage: it takes one to know one. Apparently, if you're going to find out who is the absolute worst mayor today, you have to pick from one of the worst mayors yesterday so that she knows what she's looking for. Now, in addition to the corruption that is alleged in this township, there is also the mismanagement, the danger that is occurring because the mayor is allegedly redirecting law enforcement authorities away from protecting people and property and toward trying to target folks who either don't support her or haven't donated to her.We're looking at really a sad and pathetic situation the people in this village, this township deserve so much more. I don't understand why the governor of Illinois hasn't personally named an investigator to make sure that we find out about the corruption that's going on and take this crown away from the worst mayor in America, that we can see right now.HANNITY: You know, putting this aside it seems like politicians on every level local level federal level whatever -- whatever you're looking at, state level it seems like they've forgotten that their job is to be public servants. I've always said Horace that term limits is a bad idea, but it's a bad idea whose time has come.I would rather have and live in a society where people would choose wisely but too often they are not choosing wisely, and I would think that maybe if you limited their term, they might we might be better able to appeal to their better angels that they will do what's right for their constituents and serve them rather than always be looking towards reelection.Thoughts?COOPER: Well, I would say this -- pick which one you want to be, a servant of the people or an Instagram model. You aren't going to be able to do both. When we see this compensation --HANNITY: Wait a minute, I think I want to be a model. I'm kidding. Go ahead.COOPER: When we see this compensation higher than almost all the governors in the country and then we see the poverty that these people experience, I -- again -- I ask for the governor to appoint a real investigator to find out what's going here. Lightfoot is not the answer.HANNITY: No, and if anything, it'll probably make things worse.All right. Horace, great to see you. Thank you.When we come back you're going to love this, we've got not one but two great examples that prove that radical liberals really don't know what the hell they're talking about. One works for the view and the other one is a member of Congress. Can you figure out who? We'll give you time in the break. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Well, some radical leftists, they love to remind us that they have no earthly idea what the hell they're talking about, like esteem Yale graduate, Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, who recently said that the moon was made out of gas, despite having sat on the House Science and Space Committees.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE (D-TX): Sometimes you need to take the opportunity just to come out and see a full moon is that complete rounded circle which is made up mostly of gases.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Astronauts that landed on the moon landed on gases. She claimed she obviously misspoke.Then, of course, there's that hard-hitting news show "The View" and their co-host, Sunny Hostin, who found a way to tie the solar eclipse to climate change. Can't make this up, take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": We've got a solar eclipse. We've got the earthquake --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ran on the hallway.HOSTIN: Ran down the hallway.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The rapture is here.HOSTIN: The rapture is here. And then also I learned that the cicadas are coming.All those things together would maybe lead one to believe that you know either climate change exists or something is really going on.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Climate change, that's all the time we have left this evening.As always, thank you for being with us. Set your DVR so they never, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile in your face. Have a great night.