GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know there's a 29-year-old alligator named Loki at the Cincinnati Zoo in Ohio.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: How did you know? Really?GUTFELD: Because I have notes here.PIRRO: Really? How did you know how old he was? Anyway, that's it for us, everybody. Have a great night. We'll see you tomorrow night at 5:00.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Judge, I do have a snore that's like an alligator sometimes but thank you.PIRRO: I would -- I wouldn't know. But thanks for telling us.BAIER: Good evening. Welcome to Washington I'm Bret Baier. Breaking tonight, authorities in Maryland say search and rescue efforts continue at this hour after a cargo ship rammed into the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore overnight, sending people and vehicles into the waters below. The structure vanishing in a matter of seconds. At least six construction workers who were on that bridge are still missing at this hour, with their employer saying they're presumed dead.Investigators say the ship reported losing power and sent a mayday call moments before slamming into that bridge. Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke is live near the scene in Dundalk, Maryland, with the latest details. Good evening, Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Officials here remain convinced despite terribly, terribly long odds this is still a search and rescue mission, even as the search for the cause of the collapse continues tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CORKE (voice over): Devastation in the darkness, the 1.6 mile long Francis Scott Key Bridge, lifeline for the Port of Baltimore, plunging along with cars, trucks and people into the deep frigid waters below after being struck by a cargo ship at around 1:30 this morning. Sensing a loss of propulsion, the ship's crew issued a distress call to port authorities.Tragically the mayday came too late to stop all bridge traffic, including a road repair crew, that six missing and presumed dead.For the state's Governor Wes Moore who's only been on the job for a little more than a year, it's a crucible. The kind few leaders endure.GOV. WES MOORE (D-MD): We will get through this. We are Maryland tough. And we are Baltimore strong.PETE BUTTIGIEG, TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: The path to normalcy will not be easy. It will not be quick. It will not be inexpensive. But we will rebuild together.CORKE (voice over): And from the White House, a pledge of unlimited support from President Biden.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I spoke with Governor Moore this morning as well as the Mayor of Baltimore County Executive, united -- two both United States senators and the congressmen and my Secretary of Transportation is on the scene.I told him, we're going to send all the federal resources they need as we respond to this emergency. I mean all the federal resources.CORKE (voice over): While offers of support and condolences for the families were plentiful, answers for what may have caused the accident remained in short supply, a frustration that only time may salve. And even then perhaps not.JENNIFER HOMENDY, NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD: It's very early, it's a very cumbersome process. It's a very meticulous process where they have to dig through a lot of information.(END VIDEOTAPE)CORKE (on camera): Meanwhile, Bret, the FBI says it has found no evidence of terrorism as a possible cause for this accident. Back to you.BAIER: Kevin Corke live at the scene. Kevin, thank you.We will discuss the impact of the bridge collapse with Maryland Democratic Senator Chris Van Hollen live in the show a little later.The Biden Harris campaign n is going full throttle in its efforts to try to flip North Carolina with the president and vice president promoting their health care agenda in the battleground state today. A state former President Trump won in the last two presidential elections.White House Correspondent Peter Doocy joins us now from Raleigh, North Carolina with the latest. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. This was a supercharged political event. RDU airport welcomed Air Force One and Air Force Two, there were two sets of motorcades snaking through the streets around here. It was unusual coordination that goes to show how important this state's 15 electoral college votes are to the president.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BIDEN: Hello, hello, hello, Raleigh.DOOCY (voice over): The Democratic tickets pitch for reelection, they're less extreme.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They are extremist in our country, trying to take away health care coverage, or make it more expensive.DOOCY (voice over): President Biden is going even further.BIDEN: Folks, my predecessor and MAGA officials are going after seniors and people with disabilities and children.DOOCY (voice over): Even though former President Trump writes, I'm not running to terminate the ACA. That is the centerpiece of the Biden-Harris warning.BIDEN: But Donald Trump and his MAGA friends are, if nothing than but persistent. They've tried to repeal it 50 times. But I got news for them. We're going to stop them again.DOOCY (voice over): The Tar Heel State swing is meant to appeal to Nikki Haley voters. In a memo, Biden's campaign manager writes, in North Carolina, Haley overperformed in Durham, Mecklenburg, Orange and Wake counties. Key suburban areas for Democrats to focus on with exit polls showing Trump losing moderates by 30 points in the state.GOV. ROY COOPER (D-NC): I think the presidency will go through North Carolina. This was President Biden's closest loss last time.DOOCY (voice over): At the moment, President Biden trails Trump by three in a Marist Poll of North Carolina and his problems with young people upset about his support for Israel persist.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What about the health care in Gaza? What about the health care in Gaza?BIDEN: Everybody deserves health care. They have a point, we need to get a lot more care into Gaza.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): And that represents a new strategy. Instead of trying to argue with or talk over protesters, President Biden is agreeing with them, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy traveling with the president in Raleigh. Peter, thanks.Well, it's official. Nicole Shanahan, attorney, mega donor and ex-wife of Google's founder is independent presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s vice presidential pick, announced today. Correspondent Jeff Paul is in Oakland, California to show us how this move may impact the 2024 presidential race.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NICOLE SHANAHAN (I), VICE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's so good to be here in Oakland.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): till in her 30s, tech lawyer entrepreneur Nicole Shanahan can now add vice presidential candidate to her growing resume.SHANAHAN: If you are one of those disillusioned Republicans, I welcome you to join me, a disillusion Democrat in this movement to unify and heal America.PAUL (voice over): Robert Kennedy Jr. announced his 2024 running mate today in Oakland, California, Shanahan's birthplace, signaling a new chapter in his race for the White House.ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I want Nicole to be a champion. The growing number of millennials and Gen Z Americans who have lost faith in their future and lost their pride in our country.PAUL (voice over): The 38-year-old a relative newcomer to politics most recently helped pay for and produce a commercial for Kennedy that aired during the Super Bowl, an ad he later apologized for after members of the Kennedy family expressed outrage for the use of his uncle, President John F. Kennedy's 1960 campaign ads in the video. She reportedly has similar views on the environment and children's health and has expressed concerns about vaccines but states she's not an anti-vaxxer.SHANAHAN: I saw a person of intelligence, of compassion and of reason. I saw a fellow lawyer who had committed himself to finding the truth and fighting for the environment and for people. I discovered a person who speaks out on issues.PAUL (voice over): The Independent candidate is also battling back against opposition from not only his own family, but the DNC. His cousin Bobby Shriver said his mother Eunice Kennedy Shriver would be appalled by his deadly healthcare views referring to RFK Jr.'s anti-vaccine stance.The DNC meanwhile has portrayed Kennedy as a spoiler who could help Trump get reelected.(END VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (on camera): Now, picking a V.P. is about more than just drumming up support and possibly getting more campaign donations. It also very well could help Kennedy appear on more ballots.Two dozen states require candidates running for president to have a running mate in order to appear on the November ballot as it stands. Kennedy is only currently on one state, that is Utah.We're also getting some late reaction from the Trump campaign regarding RFK's V.P. announcement, a communications director called RFK Jr., a radical leftist and environmental whack job who loves E.V. mandates. He also said he's not an independent, Bret.BAIER: Jeff Paul live in Oakland, California. Jeff, thanks.Stocks were off today as technology and energy stocks slipped ahead of key inflation data announcement coming up. The Dow lost 31, the S&P 500 fell 15, the NASDAQ dropped 69.The U.S. Supreme Court appears poised to preserve access to a medication that was used in nearly two thirds of all abortions in the US last year. That would mark a victory for the Biden administration and abortion rights supporters.Fox News Chief Legal Correspondent anchor of "FOX NEWS SUNDAY" Shannon Bream breaks it down from the high court.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST (voice over): Less than two years after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade. It heard arguments today over expanded access to a key drug in the protocol for medicated abortions, which now represent a majority of abortions in the U.S.The court is being asked to consider the legality of the FDA's decisions to rollback safety regulations on Mifepristone in 2016 and 2021. Things like dropping the requirement that prescribers report adverse health impacts like infections and severe bleeding requiring emergency room visits unless fatal and allowing the pill to be dispensed without in person doctor visits.Supporters of those decisions today argued that the pro-life doctors who brought this lawsuit can't even show they've been injured, but struggle to answer questions from Justice Alito about who would be in a position to sue.So, your argument is that it doesn't matter if FDA flagrantly violated the law, it didn't do what it should have done, endanger the health of women. It's just too bad nobody can sue in court.BREAM (voice over): Even if the justices do get to the merits. There seemed to be widespread skepticism on the bench about whether the Supreme Court should be the one to second guess the FDA on issues of drug safety.KETANJI BROWN JACKSON, SUPREME COURT NOMINEE: Do you think that courts have specialized scientific knowledge with respect to pharmaceuticals and as a company that has pharmaceuticals, are -- do you have concerns about judges parsing medical and scientific studies?(END VIDEOTAPE)BREAM (on camera): Senator Josh Hawley was in the courtroom today. His wife Erin argued the hates (sp?) on behalf of those pro-life doctors who filed the lawsuit.Also spotted in the courtroom, New York Attorney General Letitia James. She led a group of states who filed a brief in support of the FDA's decisions. The justices decision due by the end of June, Bret.BAIER: Shannon Bream outside the court. Shannon, thanks.Former President Donald Trump is placed under a limited gag order ahead of his New York criminal trial, live report on that is coming up.Plus, the public revolt at NBC growing louder over the hiring of former RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 7 in Austin, the prosecutors reached an agreement with Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton that will ultimately dismiss securities fraud charges he has been facing for nearly a decade. Resolution lets Paxton avoid a trial which was set to begin on April 15th. Paxton remains the State's Attorney General.Fox 5 in New York as Visa and MasterCard reached a settlement with U.S. merchants related to card swipe fees that could potentially save American shoppers tens of billions of dollars. According to the agreement, Visa and MasterCard will cap the credit interchange fees into 2030.And this is a live look at Louisville from WDRB, our affiliate there. One of the big stores there tonight. McDonald's will begin selling Krispy Kreme Doughnuts nationwide by the end of 2026 after testing the concept at McDonald's location in Kentucky last year. The chains made that announcement today. The phased rollout will begin later this year.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: "BREAKING TONIGHT", in just the past few minutes, the Washington Post is reporting former RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel is out at NBC News as a paid contributor -- less than a week after being hired there.The announcement coming after a loud chorus from NBC hosts, various talent blasting that hire. Fox News Media analysts, host of "MEDIA BUZZ". Howard Kurtz, joins me now with the latest. Good evening, Howard.HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Bret, good evening.Talk about self-inflicted wounds, it was a spectacular miscalculation by NBC, hiring the ousted RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel, and triggering an on- air revolt by MSNBC's liberal hosts that intensified last night.Their argument, since McDaniel played a role in Donald Trump's efforts to overturn the 2020 election, it was unethical to put her on NBC's payroll for reported $300,000 a year. But that require the MSNBC stars to publicly trashed their network bosses. And nobody wanted to be left out, especially its highest paid host.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)RACHEL MADDOW, HOST, MSNBC: You wouldn't hire a made-man like a mobster to work at a D.A.'s office. Right?JOY REID, HOST, MSNBC: That is capitulating to an autocrat in advanced, by saying, yes, we will take your apparatchik and allow them to be elevated and platform with us, with journalists.NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC ANCHOR: But we've also said election deniers is not just they can do that on our airwaves, but that they can do that as one of us, as badge carrying employees of NBC News, as paid contributors to our sacred airwaves.KURTZ (voice over): But the sacred airwaves have had McDaniel on as a guest. And MSNBC president, Rashida Jones told of the hiring in advance did not object at almost any other news outlet talent castigating the breasts like this would be shown the door.After McDaniel's appearance on "Meet the Press", NBC executives also appeared worried about alienating the large league of their audience. MSNBC's sacred airwaves often refuse to air Donald Trump's speeches even on primary nights.And while the channel employs prominent Republicans and ex-Republicans such as Nicole Wallace, and Michael Steele, they are anti-Trump Republican. So, what damage would have been done if McDaniel occasionally voiced pro-Trump sentiments, with most of MSNBC, portraying him as a danger to democracy?(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ (on camera): Insiders say the situation had become so untenable that NBC and Ronna McDaniel were destined to part company just four days after the network announced her hiring with great fanfare.What's clear is that NBC is credibility has taken a substantial hit on its own airwaves. Bret.BAIER: All right, Howie. Thank you.KURTZ: Thank you.BAIER: A New York judge is issuing a gag order on former President Donald Trump ahead of his April 15th criminal trial. The restriction comes as Trump's Truth Social platform debuted on the stock market. And as the clock ticks for the presumptive Republican nominee to post a $175 million bond for the judgement in his civil fraud trial.A lot of things happening all at once. Correspondent C.B. Cotton is following it all from outside Trump Tower in New York.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The presiding judge in the criminal case against former President Donald Trump, now barring Trump from speaking about witnesses, prosecutors, court staff, and jurors.Trump faces 34 charges of falsifying business records to conceal hush money payments made to adult film star Stormy Daniels. The defense team has argued any gag order would trample Trump's free speech rights, keeping him from making comments like this.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Colangelo is a radical left from the DOJ.COTTON (voice over): On Monday, the former president raging against one of the prosecutors in the case, Matthew Colangelo after a judge ruled the trial would go on.TRUMP: This is all done by Biden and the thugs that work for Biden.COTTON (voice over): Colangelo worked with New York Attorney General Letitia James' office in 2018 and 2021. Colangelo became acting associate attorney general of the DOJ during the Biden administration. Then, he was hired by the Manhattan D.A. 's office in the fall of 2022, to work on the hush money case, a resume Trump can no longer publicly attack. However, on his stock market success, he remains vocal.Trump social media company, debuting Tuesday with a new ticker, DJT, for trading. And a new title for the former president. Now one of the world's 500 richest people on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.Trump writing on True Social, "I love Truth Social, I love the truth." Just after shares of the parent company for the social media app jumped by more than 50 percent and the first day of trading on the NASDAQ, causing a trading halt for about five minutes.(END VIDEOTAPE)COTTON: As for the partial gag order and former President Donald Trump's upcoming criminal trial, the Trump campaign releasing a statement this evening, saying, the move prevents Donald Trump from engaging in, "core political speech". Bret.BAIER: C.B. Cotton, outside Trump Tower. C.B. thanks.Up next, a deadly day for law enforcement in New York City, why summer saying this tragedy could have been prevented?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: April 2023. In less than a year, gun charge, he's back on the streets.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: "BREAKING TONIGHT", following up a story we brought you last night. Sean Diddy Combs is denying what his attorneys call, meritless accusations waged against him as the rapper and producer spoke out for the first time, following Homeland Security raids on his homes in Los Angeles and Miami yesterday.The raids were in connection with the federal sex trafficking investigation. Combs lawyers add that the entrepreneur was never detained but spoke to and cooperated with authorities.Tonight, in America's crime crisis, New York Mayor Eric Adams is speaking out about his city's problem with criminal re offenders. As the NYPD mourns the loss of one of their own at the hands of a career criminal.Correspondent Bryan Llenas is in Queens with that story.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): At a hospital in Queens, New York, NYPD officers salute in the dignified transfer of the body of their fellow officer Jonathan Diller. The 31-year- old was shot and killed in the line of duty, reportedly leaving behind a 1- year-old son.PATRICK HENDRY, PRESIDENT, NEW YORK POLICE BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION: This family upstairs. young wife, who's devastated.LLENAS: The NYPD says just before 6:00 p.m., Diller and his partner responded to a vehicle illegally stopped at a bus stop. The officers as those inside numerous times to get out, and they refused, before one of the suspects shot Diller fatally hitting him in the torso, under his bulletproof vest.Fox has learned the suspected shooter is 34-year-old Guy Rivera. He was shot by police but is expected to survive. The New York Post's reports Rivera has 21 prior arrests. The driver, 41-year-old Lindy Jones, reportedly has 14 prior arrests and was free on bail on a gun charge.New York City Mayor Eric Adams blamed repeat offenders for most of the crime issues.ADAMS: We've always had a problem with recidivism with a small number of people. It's always been a problem. And we never really zeroed in on it as much as we should have.LLENAS (voice over): 12 law enforcement officers have been murdered in the line of duty nationwide so far in 2024, including seven in February, a 40 percent increase compared to February 2023, according to the FBI.ADAMS: Bad guys no longer fear the police. They feel emboldened to do whatever they want.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): Tonight, Officer Jonathan Diller, his coffin draped with the NYPD flag is being moved to a funeral home in his hometown of Massapequa Park on Long Island. Traffic has stopped as a procession of vehicles leads him under highway overpasses where firefighters have hung American flags to honor New York's fallen hero. Bret?BAIER: Sad story. Bryan, thank you.A Russian court is extending "Wall Street Journal" reporter Evan Gershkovich's detention by three months. Gershkovich became the U.S. journalist arrested on spying charges in Russia since the cold war. The reporter, "The Journal," and the U.S. government all deny he is a spy. In three days, Friday, the 32-year-old will have spent one full year in Russian custody.A British court says WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange cannot be extradited to the United States on espionage charges unless U.S. authorities guarantee he will not get the death penalty. The move gives Assange a partial victory in his long legal battle over the WikiLeaks publication of classified American documents. U.S. authorities have three weeks to respond before a new appeal may proceed.The United States is issuing a new warning against an Israeli ground invasion of the southern Gaza city of Rafah as defense leaders met with Israeli defense minister -- the Israeli defense minister today. It comes as fissures deepen between the longtime allies over the U.S. decision not to block a United Nations resolution calling for a pause. Correspondent Trey Yingst shows us tonight from Tel Aviv.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: The United States is Israel's closest friend, and that won't change.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin is trying to reassure his Israeli counterpart that the U.S. does indeed stand with Israel as tensions are at an all-time high over the war in Gaza and disagreements about what should happen next.AUSTIN: In Gaza today, the number of civilian casualties is far too high, and the amount of humanitarian aid is far too low.YINGST: Gallant, who reportedly brought with him a list of weapons that he needs from the Biden administration, focused on what the key allies can agree upon.YOAV GALLANT, ISRAELI DEFENSE MINISTER: We will also discuss strategic issues and the border in cooperation between our establishment, which will ensure Israel's military edge and capabilities.YINGST: The rift between the two countries widened this week after the U.S. abstained from a vote at the U.N. Security Council that effectively passed a cease-fire resolution. The decision that caused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to cancel meetings for his team in Washington was praised today by Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh, who made a surprise trip to Iran.ISMAIL HANIYEH, HAMAS LEADER (through translator): The resolution itself indicates that the Israeli occupation lives in unprecedented political isolation since the occupation of Palestine and that the United States of America is unable to impose its will on the international community.YINGST: Despite the U.N. vote, Prime Minister Netanyahu is vowing to push forward with his military operation and plans to enter Gaza's southernmost city of Rafah.(END VIDEO TAPE)YINGST (on camera): If Israel launches an operation into the southern city of Rafah, it will require the evacuation of more than 1.4 million Palestinians sheltering there. Bret?BAIER: Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv. Trey, thanks.Up next, Maryland Senator Chris Van Hollen joins me to discuss the Baltimore bridge clasp. We'll take you there live.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Venezuela's main opposition coalition says electoral authorities did not let them register their presidential candidate as the deadline ended. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has managed to block his chief opponents from running as the self-proclaimed socialist leader made his candidacy official for a third term that would last until 2031.Prisoners convicted for serious national security crimes in Hong Kong will not likely be granted early release under the tightened rules of a new national security law. The measure was unanimously passed in an expedited legislative process last week, deepening worries over a further erosion of freedoms in Hong Kong.And this is a live look at London. One of the big stories there tonight, Buckingham Palace officials announce King Charles and Queen Camilla will attend an Easter service at Windsor Castle on Sunday. It will be the first major appearance for the 75-year-old king since he was diagnosed with cancer in February.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETE BUTTIGIEG, TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: The path to normalcy will not be easy. It will not be quick. It will not be inexpensive.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's my intension that the federal government will pay for the entire cost of reconstructing that bridge.SEN. BEN CARDIN, (D-MD): We then need to make sure that the channel is reopened. It's critically important to our economy. It affects not only jobs here in Maryland but around the country and world.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The impact of this bridge collapse in Baltimore is significant. The NTSB just in the past few minutes has released some new drone footage, the aftermath of what's left of this bridge in the water. The search and rescue efforts continue at this hour as you are looking at, really, the devastation there. They were lucky in one sense in that it happened overnight, and there you see the cargo ship that hit one of the stanchions and causing that bridge to collapse.Joining us tonight Maryland Democratic Senator Chris Van Hollen. Senator, thank you very much for being here. I know it's been a long and tough day for you. Can you update us the latest on what authorities are telling you about that search effort?SEN. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN, (D-MD): Yes, Bret, it has been a tough day here in Baltimore. And I just want to commend all the folks conducting the search and rescue operations, and of course our hearts continue to go out to the families of the six who remain missing. The Coast Guard has been here all day. The state police have been here. The Baltimore city police. They've had divers. So they continue to conduct those search and rescue operations as we speak.BAIER: The American Trucking Association put out a statement, Senator, saying "Nearly 4,900 trucks travel that bridge each day with $28 billion in goods crossing every year. Trucks moving hazardous materials will now be subject to 30 miles of detours around of the city of Baltimore because they are prohibited from using the city's tunnels. This will a significant cost and time, fuel and delays for trucks traveling through the region." But it's actually not only the trucks. It is that busy port in Baltimore.VAN HOLLEN: Well, that's exactly right, Bret. Look, in addition to the commercial trucks you just mentioned going across the bridge, you have about 35,000 vehicles a day crossing this bridge. But the larger economic impact, at least for now, will be the fact that the port of Baltimore is shut down until we can reopen that channel, because you have the ship essentially lodged in the bridge, blocking the channel. There are about four ships that are right now in the port of Baltimore. I was told there are about 20 that have been waiting to get into the port. This is a very active port, one of the busiest in the country, the busiest for automobiles coming in and out of any port in the United States.And, with that, you have thousands of workers directly employed at the port of Baltimore and tens of thousands who are part of that economic ecosystem. I'm told that it's up around $190 million a day generated by the Port of Baltimore. So, we have got to get this channel reopened, and then, of course, we have got to deal with the rebuilding of the bridge.BAIER: Just putting some stats on that. The Port of Baltimore, 52.3 million tons of foreign cargo, $80.8 billion in foreign cargo value, 847,000 upwards of cars and light trucks. It generates about 15,300 direct jobs.OK, so I saw the transportation secretary there. The president pledges everything federally to do. How much are American taxpayers going to be footing the bill for this as opposed to, is there any onus on cargo ship? I know the investigation is going to take a long time.VAN HOLLEN: Bret, I did talk to the president earlier today before he spoke to the country, and as you say, Secretary Buttigieg was here, and they have pledged all the resources of the federal government to help the city of Baltimore right now. That includes, for example, the Army Corps of Engineers to try to clear the channel that we just talked about.In terms of the price tag for the bridge, it's too early to say. We do expect to access something called the Federal Emergency Response Fund. That's a federal fund that exists today under the U.S. Department of Transportation.But to your question on the ship, look, the NTSB is going to be conducting an investigation. Clearly, if there is wrongdoing on behalf of the ship, the ship owner should have to chip in. We have to wait for that investigation to happen, but the NTSB, as you say, is beginning that effort. I talked to the chair of the NTSB this morning.BAIER: Senator, we appreciate the time on a tough day there in Baltimore. Thank you.VAN HOLLEN: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: Up next, the panel on former RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel's ouster from NBC, plus the presidential race, Robert F. Kennedy Junior's veep- stakes, a special edition of Candidate Casino.And later, you ask, I answered, "Tuesday Xtras."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Our democracy is in danger because of the lies that people like Ronna McDaniel have pushed on this country.LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC HOST: There is an easy way to avoid the controversy NBC News has stumbled into. Don't hire anyone close to the crimes.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: I find the decision to put her on the payroll inexplicable.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The inmates are running the asylum at NBC.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, Ronna McDaniel is out at NBC. "Axios" writes this, "NBC has dropped Ronna McDaniel as a paid contributor. NBCU News Group Chair Cesar Conde confirmed in a memo to staff following backlash from journalists. Conde apologized in the memo to NBC News staff for hiring the ex-RNC chair, saying it has become clear this appointment undermines the goal of a cohesive and aligned newsroom."We're going it start there with the panel, get a lot of things in, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, syndicated radio host Hugh Hewitt, and Katie Pavlich, news editor at Townhall.com.All right, Hugh, you used to be over there. How about this thing?HUGH HEWITT, SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: Well, Ronna is a friend, and I did work for NBC. And in November I worked with Cesar and Rebecca and the whole team. I have never seen anything this brutal since I got started in the media in 1990. Ronna is going to sue everyone who defamed her for breach of contract, for intentional infliction of mental distress. They are going to sue for the destruction of her business opportunity that come from being on TV. I think they made a terrible decision and they allowed the MSNBC bleed to take over their network, and the cult has taken over the news division. And it's going to hurt. The 74 million people who voted for Donald Trump are not going to watch NBC News.BAIER: Juan, what that? All of this talent rising up and saying that she, specifically, because she said what she said about the 2020 election, even though she addressed it on "Meet the Press," shouldn't be heard on NBC.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: I'm puzzled by, in the sense that why don't you just have her on and ask her the tough questions? Right? Ask her, what about the 2020 election? What about January 6th? What about being forced out by Trump as head of the party or paying legal bills, having the party pay -- ask the tough question.BAIER: And it would be a unique perspective or a prism by which maybe their viewers will see.WILLIAMS: That's what I think. Now, let me just say, I understand the concern about the brand, that she doesn't fit with the brand. But I'm sitting here on FOX News. I don't necessarily fit with the brand. But you guys have people like me.BAIER: You fit on our brand, Juan.WILLIAMS: Thank you, thank you. But, to my mind, I just think that what Hugh said is right. I have never seen a situation where -- the management knew who Ronna McDaniels is. She was not a secret. It's not her opinions and her statements are not secret. The people on the staff do not have the right to hire and fire who comes on. They don't design the entire deal. If you feel that way, leave. But it's unbelievable to me that you can sit there and curse out the bosses and have no consequence.BAIER: And the apology came from the bosses.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, they claim that this is about a backlash from journalists at NBC and MSNBC. This is a backlash from people, journalists who have a lot of conflicts when it comes to their relationships with Democratic politicians. Also, it's coming from people who were quite literally Democratic operatives who worked in the Biden White House as early as last year. And they can't handle Ronna Romney McDaniel coming to the network to maybe explain why these things are happening?I went back to Super Tuesday coverage and remembered when the MSNBC panel was laughing about how could it be that illegal immigration was a top issue in Virginia? Well, someone like Ronna McDaniel could actually explain why that's an issue. And when it comes to November, if Trump wins again these same people are going to wonder what happened. And it's quite rich coming from a network that breathlessly pushed the Russia hoax for years and claimed that President Donald Trump was an illegitimate president, which is election denial.BAIER: But prior to that, the morning show had Donald Trump on pretty much every other day.PAVLICH: When it was beneficial, they had him on a lot.BAIER: OK, we're going to turn topics. Robert Kennedy Jr. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR., (D) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: When Nicole and I both left the Democratic Party, our values didn't change, but the Democratic Party did.PAUL BEGALA, FORMER CLINTON CAMPAIGN STRATEGIST: Third parties are like cockroaches in the kitchen, OK. It's not what they carry off that upsets you. It's what they fall into and foul up. Bobby Kennedy can fall into every swing state and foul it up for Joe Biden.LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: The fact that you have the Biden campaign worried about a third-party candidate, the alarm bells are certainly going off for them, and they are hemorrhaging all these voters.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, RFK Jr. choosing Nicole Shanahan as his vice-presidential running mate. She is 38 years old. She is a tech lawyer. She is the ex-wife of the founder, one of the founders of Google. "New Republic" writes this, Hugh. "The running mate is young and very rich. That worries Dems. This might seem like a strange choice. Shanahan has no political experience or national name recognition. Her image as a wealthy dilettantish sort has no obvious appeal to the disaffected voters that Kennedy hopes to lure from President Biden and Donald Trump. But, if you want to understand this decision and why Democrats believe it poses a potential problem for them, follow the money." Thoughts?HEWITT: Follow the money makes sense to me, Bret, but also follow the demographic. Young, female, under the age of 40, well-heeled, active in some of the same causes. The Democrats are very worried. They brought in Luca Brasi of the Democrats, Liz Smith, to take on the third party candidate. They are very worried. And Maria Shriver was in the first lady's box for a reason. They're sending the message, every other Kennedy is with us. Don't pay attention to this fellow.BAIER: Usually these third party runs maybe don't make a big splash. Remember back Ross Perot got 19 percent of that vote in George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton. If you look at the map, RFK Junior's ballot access right now, he's only officially on U,tah appealing to be on other states. But potentially with the running mate could open the door to a number of states.PAVLICH: Right. One of the reasons why they wanted to get their vice presidential candidate named is so they have access to these ballots. But the Democrats are concerned for two big reasons. First, Biden is having a very hard time just holding on to his base, which is why they have been so far to the left so far with the campaign. The second thing is that RFK Jr. is actually much closer to Joe Biden on policy than he is with Donald Trump. The Trump PAC came out today attacking RFK and looking at his record, saying he is bad on the Second Amendment. He wants the Green New Deal. He wants high tax rates. Those are not things that Donald Trump wants. Those are things that maybe disenfranchised Democrats are looking at and saying I don't want Joe Biden, but RFK is a good option as someone who is on the left.BAIER: His third party threat, though, if you look at the Real Clear Politics of polls, is real from RFK Jr. You look at these polls, this is just as of today, there is a lead for the former president. But he's getting 12.3 percent, that doesn't even include a Cornel West and a Jill Stein and maybe they get one, two, three points, it's significant in some of these swing states if they get on that ballot.WILLIAMS: The history, as you pointed out, Ross Perot 19 points, but he gets no electoral votes. But you go back to 16, 2016, and then come forward to 2020. Donald Trump actually gets a higher percentage of votes in 2020 in states like Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, than he got in 2016. But you have Jill stein in 2016, you have Gary Johnson in 2016, and they are taking a chunk of votes away from Hillary Clinton. And then Donald Trump is victorious. He doesn't have that in 2020, and Joe Biden wins. The Biden campaign is very concerned about this.BAIER: All right, speaking about the former president, here he is describing what he is looking for in a vice presidential pick.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: The first quality has to be somebody that you think will be a good president, because if something should happen, you have to have somebody that's going to be a great president. A lot of people are talking about that gentleman right over there.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Tim Scott, he has been much better for me than he was for himself.The one thing that always surprises me is that the V.P. choice has absolutely no impact. It's whoever the president is.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So that brings us to a place that we haven't been in a while, Candidate Casino. It is back. But this is the vice presidential pick Candidate Casino. All right, the rules, again, $100 in chips. You have to bet the chips. Who will be Donald Trump's vice presidential pick? Hugh, $100?HEWITT: I'm spreading it across four. In alphabetical order, Senator Tom Cotton, Senator Joni Ernst, former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and Senator J.D. Vance. They are all veterans, and they all contrast wonderfully well with Kamala Harris on everything.BAIER: It's $25 each. All right, Katie, $100.PAVLICH: All right, also breaking up into fours, but in a different way with the math -- $50 on Senator Marco Rubio, $20 on Governor Kristi Noem, $20 on Elise Stefanik from New York, and the former Secretary of State, $10 for Mike Pompeo.BAIER: OK, Juan, round it out, $100.WILLIAMS: Big bet on Elise Stefanik. I think that she is the leader of the pack here. But I'm going to put $20 on Nikki Haley to help consolidate the non-MAGA vote, $15 on Kristi Noem, $15 on Joni Ernst, and $5 on Tim Scott and Vivek to round out the field.BAIER: Charles used to have wine, women, and song, an extra $10.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: But I get it. You guys are playing by the rules. Thank you very much.PAVLICH: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: All right, it's time for "Tuesday Xtras." First up, Tracey Williams asks, "Just over seven months until the presidential election, how significant is current polling?" It's a great question. A lot of overwrought about polls. Right now, it's just a snapshot. Really look at the polls after September and that's where it starts to get into likely voters.Up next, T.E. Hrdbl wonders, "Do you have upset in the Men's Sweet 16?" I do. I have Clemson going all the way. I do have a personal tie. Brad Brownell, the coach, is my fraternity brother, so there's that.Finally, Not Now asks, "Who do you like to win The Masters?" A very sports- centric Tuesday. I've got two. I think this could be Rory's year. Rory McIlroy could do it this year. And I would say dark horse may be Dustin Johnson for a repeat at the Masters. He is playing well. OK, watch those.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, new FOX polls, speaking of polls, on abortion, the economy, and TikTok.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and unafraid. Here's Laura.