SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is up next. He'll put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yeah. All right. Oh, we love all of you. That's enough. All right.Okay. Let's save some for Kimmel. That was good. Let's welcome tonight's guest. You may recognize him from the cover of white privilege magazine, Fox & Friends First Co-Host Todd Piro.No, she is not related to Obi-Wan Kenobi, social and political commentator Amala Ekpunob. That was hard.Here tonight, from the Hobo relocation program, TV writer and producer Rob Long.And her stunt double is a broom, "New York Times" bestselling author and Fox News Contributor Kat Timpf.All right, before we get to some news stories, let's do this.ANNOUNCER: Greg's leftovers. Mmm.GUTFELD: It's leftovers where I read the jokes we didn't use this week. And as always, it's my first time reading them. So if they suck, we'll put Joe Mackey on a trampoline near a helicopter.Today, a 4.8 magnitude earthquake hit Lebanon, New Jersey, and it was felt throughout New York City. But upon further investigation, turns out Chris Christie just sat down.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Joy Behar walked onto "The View" set wearing two different color shoes this week. Producers explained it wasn't her fault. These were simply the shoes that the blacksmith selected.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Speaking of Joy Behar, she says women who look beautiful are not funny, making her the funniest woman to ever live.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Unnecessary. But Mayor Pete says people who don't want electric cars are like people who wanted landlines forever. Then he went home and plugged in his car.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Yeah, it deserves a smattering of applause. Just a smattering. House Republicans are facing pushback from their own plans to rename a DC airport after Trump. Democrats wanted to name it after Bill Clinton, but then it would only serve as widebodies.In a new hypothetical matchup, Michelle Obama trails Trump by the same percentage as Joe Biden. Meanwhile, here's what's trailing Joe Biden.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: You are disgusting. New York City is planning to build a 40 floor jail to house prisoners. That way -- Oh, you like high rises. That way inmates on the top floors not only get excellent views of the city, but Hillary Clinton can't get to them.Yeah. During a recent episode of "Finding Your Roots," legendary actor Michael Douglas learned that he's related to Scarlett Johansson. At first he was shocked, but then saddened when he realized he couldn't bang her.GUTFELD: A new report warns that self-driving semi-trucks will soon dominate U.S. highways. Now, when truckers pee in Snapple bottles, they can do it at home.All right. A new study found that half of gym goers will reuse their sweaty workout underwear, and some people then sell them on eBay.TODD PIRO, "FOX & FRIENDS FIRST" CO-HOST: I knew it. I got ready for it. I propped myself up. I saw that one coming.GUTFELD: In L.A. surgeon says the size of a man's nose most directly correlates with his penis length. So congrats, Pinocchio.An Italian island overrun by goats is begging people to catch them and take them away. Locals are complaining, but the Taliban says it's a great place to meet hot singles.The USDA has confirmed that bird flu has now hit dairy cows, which means the bovines will have to start masking up.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: A new poll finds that New York Congressman Jamaal Bowman trails his opponent in his reelection bid by 17 points. 17 points. If only there was a way to sound an alarm.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: I'll take it. A 76 year old man in Canada claims he got an infection after being bitten by a rat in his toilet bowl. Here's a picture of that rat.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Despite a full-fledged war, Ukrainians living in the U.K. are headed home to get better dental treatment. Yes. Getting blown to pieces is still better than seeing a British dentist. Didn't even have to write a punch line, really.Scientists claim there's a wild new invisibility shield that makes you disappear in plain sight. Who needs an invisibility shield for that says one man.Finally, Kamala Harris says women's college basketball wasn't allowed to have brackets until 2022. I know. She added that she also looked forward to the day women can vote.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Now to the news. Can Trump's taste in music explain what's going on inside his brain? Political site AXIOS took a real deep dive into the tunes former President Trump's loves to blast on his Mar-a-Lago Spotify playlist.Yes. Once again, AXIOS is doing the stories no one else will touch. Who cares about fentanyl, illegal immigrants or crime? Did you hear that Orange Godzilla loves show tunes? Among his favorites, Suspicious Minds by Elvis, Lionel Richie's Hello, and Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash. You know, he probably identifies with that song after eating so much McDonald's.Come on. We've been there. He also enjoys Broadway including Phantom of the Opera. It's the only instance where he's pro mask. And when Donald's home, don't you dare touch that dial as AXIOS reports, he alone controls the volume.Most nights when he's home, he walks downstairs to the ground floor of Mar- a-Lago. Like clockwork, the crowd rises in applause greeting the guest of honor. I get a similar reaction when I take my shirt off in the newsroom. That's not photoshopped. Not photoshopped.AXIOS claims Trump's playlist is the quote, "Rosetta Stone" that demystifies how Trump's mind works. So would you need to do the same thing with Joe Biden examining his musical choices to see how his mind works? Or could you just watch this on loop?(VIDEO PLAYING)GUTFELD: You know what that song reminds me of?(VIDEO PLAYING)GUTFELD: I do love The Beatles. Todd, now, we're going to talk about Trump's musical taste. But I'm assuming on your Spotify list, you got a mix of NWA, Public Enemy, Jay Z.PIRO: I got them all.GUTFELD: Yes. Who are they? Can somebody tell?PIRO: I actually do like that genre of music, because I grew up around that time. But this article makes no sense to me. Breaking news, Trump enjoys the majesty of song. Like, what am I missing there? And the article says this is this window into his soul. The fact that he likes music at a certain volume, and he likes a bunch of very popular songs. That puts him in line with every human. So how was that a look into his soul?To me, the biggest issue that I had with this article is the fact that Trump gets to control both the volume and the playlist. I live in a house with 3 other people, all women. I was allowed to pick one song at my wedding. No joke. This is not a joke. It was "Baby Got Back" played by a band.And then second, I have two kids under 3, so, basically everything right now was Ms. Rachel and Cocomelon. So to me, that is the false part of that story. Men are allowed to control even if you're Donald Trump.GUTFELD: Very interesting. Amala, I was surprised -- by the way, welcome to the show.AMALA EKPUNOB, SOCIAL& POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Thank you for having me.EKPUNOB: My pleasure.GUTFELD: I found it surprising how bland and generic his taste was. All of these things are things you hear right before you're going to get a colostomy.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Are you looking at me?GUTFELD: I meant to say colonoscopy -- not colostomy.TIMPF: I'm the only one there that can hear that can fact check that.GUTFELD: What did you think of this? You may as well.EKPUNOB: I mean, I honestly didn't make anything of it. I -- who cares what music he's listening to? I don't think in any way it's indicative of what type of person he is. They go on to state he listens to the same songs over and over again as if it's somehow some sort of controlling maniacal act.I mean, I guess I'm a psychopath. I listen to the same music all the time and it does happen to be things like NWA and rap and hip hop. And I'm not selling drugs or sipping lean or sleeping with tons of women. So I don't know that music is a reflection of who you are.GUTFELD: Yeah. I will disagree with Goths. Wow. That was quite.EKPUNOB: Are you disagreeing with that?PIRO: No. In what sense?GUTFELD: People who listen to Goths, who listen to depressing music tend to be very depressing.PIRO: Yeah. Depressed.GUTFELD: Yeah, depressed is the word, Rob. But it's interesting. He doesn't have -- and all of his stuff is upbeat.ROB LONG: I'm going to get you in a minute.GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: I need to know what your wife said when you said, you know what would be a great song to play at our wedding? Baby Got Back. And she said, why? And you said --GUTFELD: No. She knows it is my favorite song. If you listen to that song, it is musically special. I know I love it. I feel like it's a spectacular song. That brings joy wherever so --LONG: I get it. I get it. I just I'm like, listen -- you're -- I've been -- your wife is one fantastic lady, I guess.PIRO: In more ways than one she married me.LONG: Yeah. I was going to say. I am not as interested in his playlist as I am in -- because I don't think it says much about him. Just that he grew up at a certain point, certain time, he listens to those songs. Right?GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: It's more like his dancing I find mesmerizing.GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: Because it's like --GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: -- old white guy at the wedding. He does this thing. He does this, this thing, and --GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: And you think to yourself like that guy, I know he probably doesn't have that much privacy. You can see Donald Trump today in a hair -- with a hairbrush or something or a shampoo bottle in the shower singing Ring of Fire.GUTFELD: You know, what's interesting, if you look at some of his selections, could Trump been our been our first gay president?TIMPF: Oh my god.GUTFELD: Well, since Abe Lincoln.LONG: Yes. Since Abe Lincoln. Well, I mean, you know, 2 hours every day in hair and makeup.GUTFELD: Yeah.LONG: Favorite song, YMCA.GUTFELD: Yeah. He loves Broadway show tunes.LONG: Love show tunes.GUTFELD: Yeah. There's a stereotype, Rob, I'm disgusted by you that you've indulged these stereotypes. Kat, what did you think of this deep dive, this incredible Pulitzer bait journalism?TIMPF: Yeah. I thought they were like, he likes to control the music at his own establishment. I was like, me too. But for me, honestly, I would never give up the information of my Spotify playlist actually.I feel like people, if they want to go through your phone, they'll go always go through messages to try to find the secrets. For me, no, it's -- first, it's most revealing would be my notes app.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: That's where my secrets. And then what I'm listening to, you can find out a lot about what's going on in my life and what I'm thinking about based on what I listen to 9 times that day.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Because I do that. I will squeeze every ounce of dopamine out of a song until I can't listen to it again for several more years.GUTFELD: This is what I find so interesting about music is that the song itself doesn't change. Like, you're -- it's a product that you can continue. You have to ring it out until -- and then all of a sudden it's gone, but the song is the same.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: It creeps the hell out of me. Like, I -- there's still some songs I can listen to forever. But, generally, there are songs that, like, do you remember the first time you heard it, the second time you heard it, and it's incredible? And then, like, it's gone. Could that explain life?TIMPF: That explains dopamine.GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: But then, there's always that moment where you're somewhere and someone plays the song that you used to love. You haven't heard in a million years --TIMPF: Yeah.LONG: And it's like the greatest song ever.GUTFELD: Mm-hmm.TIMPF: And you're like, oh, I haven't heard that forever. And I feel like that's probably what, YMCA is to, to President.GUTFELD: Which song is that for you?LONG: Probably -- honestly, probably like English Beat, Save It for Later.GUTFELD: Oh.LONG: I remember, like, I was in college, I heard it, and then I didn't hear it again.GUTFELD: Yeah. Well, that was a boring answer.LONG: Well, don't --(CROSSTALK)PIRO: Well, don't understand. I don't know about your experience, but in my experience, that is not the case. Because when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waists, a round thing in your face, we have to go to commercial.TIMPF: Is that your fav -- that is your favorite of all of the songs?PIRO: Legitimately by favorite song. And I'm not making a joke.EKPUNOB: Wow.PIRO: I love this song. You can go to other people's weddings and see me when that song comes on, I will, like, bolt off a chair, like, I was in an earthquake --GUTFELD: Mm-hmm.PIRO: -- topical joke. And, you know, I am ready to go. It's a weird top thing. It's number 37 on the 157 list of weird top things, but it's me. I love Sir Mix-a-Lot. If you're watching, Sir, I'd like to meet you.GUTFELD: Yeah, I'm sure he's dying to put that on his list. Hey, Fox & friends First, Todd Piro, the fan.PIRO: Maybe he's up at 05:00 a.m. You don't know.GUTFELD: He never went to bed. Up next. Well, we need a gurney for this top heavy attorney.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ANNOUNCER: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's "Video of The Day."(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: You may be rethinking that applause. Can this public defender make the case with giant balloons assaulting your face? Our video of the day comes from Stephanie Mueller, our new big boob trans Canadian teacher. Stephanie, if you couldn't tell, was born a man, is a 70 year old public defender in Washington State who says that despite her appearance, she's only been treated with respect. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANIE MUELLER, PUBLIC DEFENDER: She's really smart. She sounds like she's got the right idea about things. I really support what she's up to, and I think it's fabulous. How about that?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: God, do you -- she's accused of what is it, criminal trespass.MUELLER: In the first degree. Yes. My name is Stephanie Mueller. I'm in the, directory for the Washington State Bar Association. You can look me up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Stephanie, thank you for your time. At this point, your client is being arraigned, though.MUELLER: It's all just happened. Her hearing is over.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Got it.MUELLER: It's done.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right. Do you know when her next court date is?MUELLER: I do.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you -- I'd like to maybe just keep tabs if they're --MUELLER: Uh-huh. I think that's a great idea.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you -- could you tell me when that is?MUELLER: No.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, okay.MUELLER: Take care.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Forget Monday is eclipse. Stephanie could single handedly block out the sun. She should end the trial by putting those beauties on the table and saying the defense rests. All right. We're not laughing at her.It's kind of -- to me, Amala, it's kind of sad and strange. But imagine you get a lawyer and he walks in in full blackface. And not just blackface, but like indulging every racist stereotype with exaggerated body parts. Would there be the same tolerance and compassion? Because this is woman face.EKPUNOB: Oh, it absolutely is. You know, I don't know that there would the same tolerance. I'd probably be going to jail for a different reason if that happened to me. In fact, when I see this, it's simply just a caricature of womanhood, and we all know that to be true. And this individual, Stephanie, says I've received a lot of respect since transitioning and nobody really says anything about it.I think the reason is that nobody's really allowed to say anything about it. Soon, you'll get in trouble for misgendering, maybe even arrested, and then, she can be your public defender.GUTFELD: Yeah. I think people are too scared and -- but I have to give -- I have to give Stephanie props, Rob. Not changing the voice. Not working on the voice. Just letting it go. Because you know what? Even Stephanie knows that a dominant male voice works in the courtroom.LONG: I think that's the solution really. I mean, first of all, I would say 2 things. One is that I think she could get work at -- one of those telenovelas.GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: The second thing is like, she's got back, Todd. Does that work for you?PIRO: That we're going to require the --LONG: This -- the thing?PIRO: We avoided Todd and porn topics for the first 15 minutes of the show.LONG: Well --GUTFELD: Yeah.PIRO: Rob, well done. We can bring it back. I'm here.LONG: I would just say that if you are -- if you are transitioning to be a woman and you -- and you got what you got, you got to you steer into it. Right? You have to say, I'm going to be so crazy and so over the top in the everything, the whole -- you know, the whole look as they say, that, I'm going to own it. Right?Compare her to, you know, the Under Secretary of -- the name --GUTFELD: Rachel Levine.LONG: -- Rachel Levine. And, you know, it's like, Rachel is not fooling anybody either. But at least Stephanie -- Stephanie?GUTFELD: Yes.LONG: I'm sorry. I'm just dazzled and mesmerized. I'm forgetting her name. At least she's like making a show of it, and I think that's probably the only way to handle it at the age of 70, which she is now. And by the way, she looks good for 70.GUTFELD: Oh, way to tiptoe, Rob. Way to tiptoe. It's a caricature. As Amala says, it's a caricature. That's like -- like, that's what I don't understand is, like, why people have to pretend that this is healthy. I don't get it. It's a gynephilia. It's a guy that likes to look like a woman and make everybody look at him. I don't know.TIMPF: I want to be really careful what I say here, because I may want to get giant tits when I turn 70.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)TIMPF: I have always said that. People are like, oh, you're losing your looks. You wait. I got some new ones coming for you. And she waited till she was 58 to transition. Now, should you put on a bra in the courtroom? Probably.But waiting that long for boobs, I mean, I've been waiting for 35 years for boobs. So if I waited 58 and finally got them, I might not want to put mine away either.LONG: Also, the truth is, as a man gets older, he gets tits anyway.GUTFELD: Yeah. That is true.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: So you might as well get the best ones.LONG: Oh, yeah.GUTFELD: I didn't look at it that way.LONG: Yeah.GUTFELD: Wow. You've changed -- you both have changed my mind. Now, you know, Todd, also, in this public defender's defense, you know, half the people in the court would bend over backwards to indulge the lawyer for fear of being called transphobic, or -- and it could also be a great distraction like Clarence Darrow's cigar.PIRO: That's absolutely my point. And to follow what you said, it's Washington State. You can't be anti-trans in any way, shape, or form. So if I'm a client of hers and I've committed a crime, and I get her assigned as my public defender, I'm pretty stoked because, like, video of me killing a guy, it doesn't matter. My attorney is trans. Case closed. I'm acquitted.Because you have to think that a jury that puts wokeness in Washington State above the rule of law and above the facts, there could be one or two people in that jury that do that, and that's all you need for an acquittal. That is how crazy our DEI world, our identity politics world has become.Don't put it past her. That this is a strategy as well. I know that sounds horrible to say, but I know how lawyers think. I actually kind of was one.GUTFELD: Yes. You were a lawyer, weren't you?PIRO: I could see people doing that. And you also transitioned.LONG: Yeah.PIRO: You know, Greg, when a girl walks in with an --GUTFELD: Up next, government big wigs target menthol cigs.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Story in five words -- is banning menthol cigarettes -- cigarettes? Is banning menthol cigarettes racist?All right, Rob, this is right up your alley, so to speak, since you live in one.ROB LONG, TV WRITER AND PRODUCER: Sure.GUTFELD: The Biden administration could soon impose strict regulations on menthol products initially proposed by the FDA two years ago. I guess it's because it's an unhealthy product deliberately targeting minorities. Is it racist, however, to let it continue, or is it racist to ban it? I'm very confused.LONG: That's because you haven't grasped that everything is racist. So it doesn't matter what you do. But I'm just hoping they don't go after Altoids, right?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That would be terrible for all of us here who are sitting next to you.LONG: Yes. And I have some in my pocket. I didn't quite get the connection that -- is it because it's --GUTFELD: This is what I don't understand, because if you start focusing on products that are made popular by a segment of the population, is that the product's fault? Are they saying that menthol cigarettes are targeting blacks, or is it that blacks choose menthol more than they would choose, I don't know, Parliaments, or -- I don't smoke -- Lucky Strike, or whatever. Would you think? Answer the question. Why are you evading this?(LAUGHTER)LONG: Because I like a cigarette every now and then, not a menthol. I think the menthol part was the idea is it doesn't give you cigarette breath, right was that the issue when they just started?GUTFELD: I think so. I don't know.LONG: What they want to do is they want to close down all possible versions of a cigarette except to identify it simply as a cancer stick. And eventually they will ban, as they do in Europe, they will ban the label, they'll ban -- you go to Europe and buy cigarettes, there's no labels or brands. You just have to know the brand and the guy hands it to you, so there's no way to know what you were smoking. You just have to ask for it. All the things are covered up. That's where they're going to go.Usually when you are in trouble in other ways, you want to find someone to beat up on. And so if you are in trouble in other ways, politically you find menthol cigarettes to beat up on.GUTFELD: This controversy has been going around for a while. Kat, what if the White House decided about foods that make you fat, they went after pirogis. As a Polish person --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Whoa, whoa.GUTFELD: See, we've some Poles in here. We've got some Poles.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS ANALYST: That was the line in the show that went too far. I actually used to smoke for like one semester I smoke Marlboro Menthol Lights in college.GUTFELD: Who were you dating?TIMPF: I was buying them myself, baby. I just think this is -- you can't look at stuff like this and be like, yes, the government is the correct size. This is what happens, I feel like, what's the FDA doing? Well, you know what, we're target this. And people are going to have their vices, they're going to find a way to find their vices. You can ban certain things, they will go other places. It is just, I can't imagine being in the Biden administration and thinking that this is the thing, this is the thing that -- I don't know the single voters that's like this is what I want the government to be focused on right now.GUTFELD: That's probably why they might be doing it, because they know it's not going -- people aren't going to, the people that are going to be upset about menthols, they're not going to vote anyway, let's just take -- it's so strange to me. Todd, do you smoke menthols when you're chilling with your homies on the corner?TODD PIRO, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS FIRST": Every day, every day. I almost got kicked off the cover of white privilege magazine.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: But look, I don't necessarily have a funny comment on this. I want to be consistent with the first two blocs.GUTFELD: How is that going to be any different?PIRO: I beat you to it. But seriously, I view this as a strategy. And here is the strategy. I don't think it's racist. I also don't think Republicans can overtly jump on it being racist. That's nothing that Republicans can do. But behind-the-scenes I do think, I'm serious about this, Trump needs to find a way to exploit this, because Joe Biden is hemorrhaging black voters. And if Joe Biden can somehow -- if Donald Trump can somehow find a way to exploit this behind-the-scenes, it's basically doing what the Republicans have been doing for years, which is when they are in an election, squandering that election with something stupid.And right now, Joe Biden has something, a horrible response to the Israel war, and that's losing a lot of people in these swing states, in the inner cities. These could be the nail in his coffin. And I know this is fun show and this is a fun segment, but don't discount 11,000 votes really do separate Donald Trump from being our president in a lot of those swing states in 2020. In 2024 this could be an issue. Mark this day. I know that sounds grandiose. It could happen.GUTFELD: Newports could be the linchpin, it could be the coffin nail.Amala, what do you make of this? It seems like the problem with these issues is the racial filter. Your racist if you allow a harmful product. You're racist if you ban it. What do you do?AMALA EKPUNOBI, SOCIAL AND POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Yes, it's unbelievable. I guess as a biracial person, half of me is allowed to talk about this issue.(LAUGHTER)EKPUNOBI: But they are saying you are getting rid of a product that black people love. This is so horrendously racist towards black people. We want you to live longer. I don't know what you're talking about. If we get rid of the menthols, there's going to be more of you running around living longer. I don't understand how that could be misconstrued as being something racist. It's just completely ridiculous.And I think what you said is correct, everything is racist these days. And they will find a way to make that the case. If you keep menthols, you're keeping something unhealthy around the black community, and you're creating harm. If you get rid of them, you are creating harm because it's something they love. You cannot win.GUTFELD: No, no. Imagine if they do this with types of alcohol. They can't, right, because all of it, like skinny martinis are going to be fine, but there's no more -- I don't know.LONG: Say it.GUTFELD: I'm not.(LAUGHTER)LONG: Say it, Greg.GUTFELD: Jagermeister I was going to say, yes, yes, yes, because we all know.All right, coming up, the king of being jacked has America's back.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got another clip of you. It's Video of the Day Part Two.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: The Austrian oak thinks our borders a joke. Our second video of the day comes to us from Arnold Schwarzenegger flexing on the illegals pouring through our porous border and causing chaos everywhere they go. Hit it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER, ACTOR: To me, coming to America was the key to my success. It's just a place where foreigners are welcomed. This is the key thing -- if you are willing to contribute to America. There's a lot of people that want to come to America to take advantage of America. And I am very vividly against that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: He's turning into Burl Ives.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But Arnold is right, we don't ask much from our immigrants, just that they come here and find honest work as a household maid so he can impregnate them.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Maybe I should just stop there.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It could get very worse.Kat, OK, this is what I think people don't understand that the most anti- illegal immigration mindset is from legal immigrants who actually had to work here and get in here the hard way.TIMPF: I think it should be simpler and easier to come here legally and to contribute, because it is very difficult. But also, we provide so many incentives. I talk about this all the time. People are like, why do these people keep coming here? And it's like here's your phone and your cash and your place to stay. So human beings are governed by incentives. We can't be shocked that this keeps happening. I don't know when politicians will realize that, but I think they probably already know, but it's easier for them to exploit the issue than actually do anything about it.GUTFELD: Todd, Arnold is smart, he's successful and famous. What's it like to be none of those things?(LAUGHTER)PIRO: In all seriousness, I may need to pass on this question. I wrote an answer. I thought he was referring to "Coming to America" the movie starring Eddie Murphy and Arsenio Hall. No, I'm joking.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: We can cut things out of the show right? No, we're leave everything that you say in so people know how horrible you are.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: Thank you. But all joking aside, look, he makes an important point. We're all descended from immigrants, those immigrants came to this country and worked their tail off to achieve the American dream for themselves and for their future families. And when people do that, we do celebrate them, to Arnold's point.To the reason there is such a backlash toward illegal immigration, the individuals coming over now, many of them feel entitled to receive stuff from me as a taxpayer. And I don't owe them a thing as an American citizen paying taxes to America.(APPLAUSE)PIRO: Greg, Greg, Greg, can you explain what that sound is coming from the audience? I'm not used to it. Is that when an earthquake sounds like?GUTFELD: That was applause, and it happens when you make read meat comments.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: That felt good. I'm going to do that again.GUTFELD: Amala, do you have any read meat comments you want to make and out-applause him?EKPUNOBI: No, I don't think I'm capable of doing that. When I heard this story all I thought about was Arnold Schwarzenegger crossing the border, and if I was a Border Patrol agent, I'm going to be honest, I'm letting him through. He's really intimidating.But now, I think what he is saying is really important. I am the child of an immigrant. My man is an immigrant, all legally, luckily, and they are coming to contribute and enjoy the opportunities that America affords them. And I think that should be encouraged. But we have to sift through the people who aren't coming here for those purposes. And there's many stories that highlight this. There's a lot of organized crime happening here in New York City because of illegal immigrants. The Laken Riley story was just devastating to hear. And there is more of that happening, and it's all preventable.GUTFELD: Yes. So Rob, you used to live in L.A. You used to hang out with Arnold, didn't you?LONG: Good friend of mine. Good governor.GUTFELD: Good governor, and then it all fell apart.LONG: Well, things are hard. It's hard to be the governor of California. But the best governor -- there hasn't been a better one since, really.GUTFELD: I can't remember the last good governor.LONG: Pete Wilson.GUTFELD: Pete Wilson, that's interesting, for maybe three people.(LAUGHTER)LONG: Do you want to talk about the topic?GUTFELD: No, let's keep this conversation going. People at home, go get you some cocoa or something.TIMPF: Should we switch seats.LONG: Sometimes I wonder if you smell toast, burning toast? Maybe should call somebody.(LAUGHTER)LONG: Look, as you said, every immigrant says the same thing, which is I obeyed the rules, and they were hard, and then somehow other people don't have to obey the rules. And there are a lot of people streaming across the border who also want to work hard. They're not all criminals, right. But there are rules and there are laws, and we should make it easier for good people to come in and impossible for bad people come in. That's what every other country does. There is no other country that has this kind of bananas nonpolicy on their largest border. It's baffling. Canada doesn't do it, Europe doesn't do it, Mexico doesn't do it. Everybody says the same thing, which is we want the best and we don't want anyone else. And that's completely legitimate.GUTFELD: It's almost like this is being done deliberately.LONG: But look, ultimately the problem is this.TIMPF: You didn't get the applause you wanted, huh?GUTFELD: You give it to that jackass. All right, we're going to do it again.LONG: Let me do it. Ultimately this is all being done deliberately by Hillary Clinton.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)LONG: You've got to finish the thought. You've got to finish the thing.GUTFELD: I should have said Barack Hussein Obama.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: It's too late now. I don't want your applause.(LAUGHTER)LONG: But all I will say about that is you've got a choice. You either can have a very generous liberal welfare state, or you can have open borders.GUTFELD: You can't have both.LONG: You can't have both.GUTFELD: You can't have both, and that's why we're going to hell in a handbasket. All right, wow, that was a downer.Up next, the fun won't fail with viewer mail.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yep, you are watching Mailing It In.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Trying to decide what question we should do.TIMPF: Why are you looking at me?GUTFELD: I don't know. I'm going to say the first one. Mark Lawson asks, "Have you ever had a brush with death? And if so, did it change you in any way?" I'm going to go to you, Amala, because you've never done this before, and because Todd is boring.EKPUNOBI: I do actually have a story for this. I was driving with a friend -- she was driving. And we had a nice little green light ahead of us. We go through the green light, and boom, Dodge Challenger hits us right in the side of the car, swings out into another lane. And we are sitting here in the smoke and dust and all the stuff, and I watch as a man exits his Dodge Challenger. And I'm thinking, oh, wonderful, a man is going to come help us because we've just been in a car cash. And he runs in the other direction away. It turns out the car was stolen and there was plenty of drugs inside.GUTFELD: Wow. Where was this?EKPUNOBI: This was back home in Florida.GUTFELD: Never trusted that state.EKPUNOBI: Good all Florida, man.GUTFELD: Rob, you are in your early 70s.LONG: Yes. Can't you tell? I'm transitioning.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Any brush with death that you can talk about?LONG: I'll tell you, I was once in the Sahara. I was crossing a border, and there was some young boys, basically they're 14 or 15 with Kalashnikovs or some kind of like scary weapon, and the red rimmed eyes from chewing that, whatever that thing that gets them high. And they didn't accept the visa, the passport, the didn't want anything. They just wanted money. And I was like I'm not paying you, that's outrageous. And I fought for a little bit and argued for a little bit until one of them pointed the gun at me. And I thought, you know what, a thought occurs. How about money? And the lesson I learned there was just shut up and give them money.GUTFELD: Exactly. That works for a lot of things by the way.LONG: It works for everything, the shutting up part especially.GUTFELD: Kat, I don't think you've ever had a brush with death.TIMPF: Everybody knows mine, was my stomachache that turned out to be me needing an emergency ileostomy. So yes --GUTFELD: Do you have a runner-up?TIMPF: That one, I've got to say really overshadows everything mentally that I couldn't even probably think. I probably had that a few times.GUTFELD: Don't you a lot to that ileostomy for allowing you to write a chapter about it?TIMPF: Yes, I did write a chapter about it. I tell jokes about it in my live show. I did also learn a lot from it. But it was pretty tough at the time, especially because it was a surprise.GUTFELD: Yes, it was. One thing you learned is what an ileostomy is.TIMPF: Yes, exactly. You're absolutely right. I had to Google it. I was like, oh.LONG: Is it weird?TIMPF: Is it weird? You're small intestine being outside of your body? Yes.(LAUGHTER)LONG: I'd get that looked at.TIMPF: It's back in now. Not to brag, not to brag.GUTFELD: All right, Todd, I gave you plenty of time to think of your near- death experience.PIRO: Actual death? None. Comedy and career death, the first Friday of every month when I appear on GUTFELD!(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: True. Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Todd Piro, Amala Ekpunobi, Rob Long, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)