NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Well, thank you, Martha.Let us be brief. Donald Trump is collecting a lot of briefs in Florida, where a judge is being asked to dismiss the classified documents case, in Georgia, where yet another judge is deciding if Fani Willis should be booted from that election interference case, and, in New York, where no less than the district attorney is requesting more time to prepare that hush money case.So many cases, so little time.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto.Hard to be brief when you have all of this going on.Let's first go to Steve Harrigan in Fort Pierce, Florida, with the latest on what happened in that courtroom.We understand the former president left just a short time ago -- Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: That's right, Neil.Things here just wrapped up about one hour ago. This is the documents case, those documents taken to Mar-a-Lago, Trump and two of his aides accused of mishandling those federal documents. There's been no ruling yet, but it looks like the judge gave a pretty strong hint, the judge who was appointed by Trump, that it won't be dismissed.It was Jack Smith and former President Trump in court today for several hours really facing off. No exchanges between the two were seen. Trump's attorneys really tried to make the argument that what Trump did with those documents is no different than presidents going back to George Washington and the way they took documents, tapes, records after office.The prosecution said, Trump was an exception,that he knew what he did was wrong, and that he repeatedly failed to return those documents to the National Archives. There's one key moment that happened today, Neil. And that's Judge Cannon, who was appointed by Trump, basically said to the defense attorneys, what you're saying might be strong in a trial, but I can't see how that gets me to dismissal.So a pretty strong hint from the judge that she's not going to go for the dismissal that Trump and his lawyers wanted today -- Neil, back to you.CAVUTO: All right, thank you for that, Steve Harrigan.Now to Jonathan Serrie in Atlanta and still waiting and wondering about the fate of one Fani Willis.What can you tell us, Jonathan?JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, we're still waiting to hear a decision from the judge, who has said earlier that he intends to keep himself honest to a self-imposed deadline to render a decision by this Friday.He said that to local radio station WSB in an interview last week. Judge Scott McAfee, who was appointed by Governor Brian Kemp just over a year ago, assured listeners his decision Fani Willis will not be influenced by the contested special election he faces in may to keep his seat.Take a listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JUDGE SCOTT MCAFEE, SUPERIOR COURT OF FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA: I have had a rough draft and an outline before I ever heard a rumor that someone wanted to run for this position. So the result is not going to change because of politics.(END AUDIO CLIP)SERRIE: Several defense attorneys are calling on the judge to disqualify district attorney Willis from prosecuting the case, claiming that her romantic relationship with special prosecutor Nathan Wade created financial and professional conflicts of interest.Wade and Willis claimed the relationship started after the appointment of the special prosecutor and had no bearing on the case. Again, Neil, we are still awaiting the judge's ruling, which will come down no later than Friday evening if he holds himself to his own deadline -- back to you.CAVUTO: All right, got it.Jonathan Serrie, thank you very much.That third case I just wanted to allude to concerns the Manhattan district attorney, who has asked for a delay in the start of the trial in the hush money case involving Donald Trump because of new evidence, apparently, we're told, thousands of documents. That is again coming from the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan.Here to weigh in on all of this is Bob Barr, the former Georgia Congressman, former U.S. attorney.Bob, good to have you.That's a lot of cases, a lot of moving and juggling around of those cases. What do you think?FMR. REP. BOB BARR (R-GA): The one thing that the Republicans can always count on that they can take to the bank regarding Democrats is, Democrats will overreach.And that's what they have done over and over again here in their effort to get Trump. The case in New York, the case in Florida, the case here in Georgia most especially is an overreach that never should have reached this particular stage.And I think the prosecutor here, Ms. Willis, yesterday and Judge McAfee's ruling, that sort of was overshadowed by the conflict of interest matters, but his ruling striking six counts in the indictment that was brought against President Trump and others, because it is on its face defective.It does not put the defendants properly on notice so that they can defend themselves. This is pretty much basically criminal law 101, but darned if she didn't do it.CAVUTO: In the meantime, we're learning a little bit more about this New York situation where prosecutors said they were open to delaying Donald Trump's New York hush money trial. It could be upwards of a month.And some of the reasons are striking, Bob, that they wanted to give the former president's lawyers time to review evidence that's only recently been turned over. We're told it's quite a few documents' worth of evidence, potentially in the thousands. So what do you make of that?BARR: It's unusual at this late stage in a criminal case for the prosecution to all of a sudden discover thousands of documents. It raises questions about where they came from, their veracity, their validity, and so forth.So, certainly, under basic rules of criminal procedure, the defense needs adequate opportunity to review those documents. I don't think that this is the sort of thing that is going to help Mr. Bragg, because it inevitably will delay this case, which is sort of a mess in and of itself, even further.CAVUTO: You know, in the Florida -- in the documents case there, the judge, of course, a Donald Trump appointee, indicated that there could be a delay, and likely will be, but it's not going to be a trial canceled or called off or shut down. What do you make of that?BARR: That's not surprising.Federal courts often will sort of telegraph, federal judges, that is, telegraph their view of a case at a preliminary motions phase. And it's unusual for a judge to completely dismiss a well-crafted, which this is, a well-crafted indictment...CAVUTO: Yes.BARR: ... simply because the defense says, well, the laws are being improperly applied or the espionage law doesn't apply or whatnot.So I suspect that that case at least will go forward. And the main problem, as I see it for President Trump there, is not so much the case in chief as it is the obstruction charges.CAVUTO: We were just showing, Congressman, Donald Trump leaving the courthouse in Florida.He's attended a few of these events, more of the civil cases, the one involving E. Jean Carroll. He was there for the finance ones that came up in New York. So he picks and chooses where he can go. Obviously, it's pressing when you have so many cases to go to.But his presence, at least in some of those other cases, didn't help at all. What do you make of that?BARR: Well, overall, though, it's not really hurting him. He is a master of, if anything, the art of the deal and the publicity that one can turn from detrimental to positive.CAVUTO: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm sorry I wasn't clear. You're right. Politically, he's capitalizing on all of this, as people sense, even those who might not flip over him, that this does look like a pile-on.But it didn't mitigate any of the financial punishments thrown at him that he's now having to deal with. That was whether he was there in the courthouse or not. What do you make of it?BARR: Judges are not swayed, at least every judge that I have ever been before, judges are not swayed by whether or not a party shows up or not.Now, if a party is in the middle of a trial and all of a sudden exits themselves in the middle of a trial, that can be problematic for the court and for the jury. But simply showing up at different phases, a motions hearing or whatnot, or a punishment phase, a judge isn't going to be swayed by that.Mr. Trump is really playing to the camera than doing it very well, but it's not going to affect the judges' decisions.CAVUTO: All right, Bob Barr, very good catching up with you on all these myriad of cases.They were fast-moving parts today. We will keep you posted on those, especially if we get any decision out of Atlanta on the Fani Willis situation.In the meantime, you have probably heard that Vladimir Putin is featured in an election this week that you might find stunning. He's heavily favored to win and get another six-year term. But the prime minister of Latvia has had some rather choice things to say about Vladimir Putin, including one comment that caught my attention, that he's like an unpredictable alcoholic.She states her mind, and she's not afraid to do so. And she's here next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, well, stunner of stunners, it looks like Vladimir Putin has just won another six years in office. If he completes his full term, that would be 30 years as the most powerful figure in Russia, and some say the most threatening figure in the world right now.Evika Silina joins us, the prime minister of Latvia, a frequent critic of the Russian president. Of course, Latvia, a former Soviet republic, is now a NATO member, a member of the European Union. The prime minister kind enough to join us.Prime Minister, thank you.EVIKA SILINA, LATVIAN PRIME MINISTER: Hello.CAVUTO: What do you make of this? Vladimir Putin back in power. It seems he's got a lock on that power, and now he is intimidating with comments on going nuclear if you or any of your fellow NATO members dare send troops into Ukraine. What do you think?SILINA: I believe that we, as NATO countries, have to stick together, and that's so important that the United States can make a very brave decision of helping Ukraine.And I'm here actually to express my gratitude to Ukrainians who are not just fighting for us, but they're fighting for Europeans and Americans as well. And Russia is stealing Ukrainian babies, stealing Ukrainian children. So we just can't ignore Vladimir Putin's attitude towards democratic countries.And he doesn't like democracies. And, yes, I have been quoted that I have expressed my opinions that to live with Russia and Vladimir Putin's autocratic regime in neighborhood, it's like living with an alcoholic in your neighbor.And it's very dangerous...CAVUTO: Yes.SILINA: ... because you never know what will be next.CAVUTO: What do you think of the rants he has made and that you liken to an angry alcoholic, I mean, or being at least unpredictable, because, a number of times now, he has mentioned this nuclear response to an aggressive NATO?You share about a 133-mile border with Russia. Does that concern you?SILINA: Sure. It always will concern us, because we know for years how it is to live near, in neighboring country who is threatening us every day.We have been threatened by weaponization of migration. We have built a fence with Russia and Belarus. We actually will finish the fence with Russia. And three -- both states have agreed on military defense line within all the borderline with Russia and Belarus. So we are preparing ourselves.We understand that we have to fight for each centimeter of our NATO countries.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: You know, I just -- but I wonder, because, when you said that, I think of you and Estonia and Lithuania. You could be next in Moscow's agenda here.He's been particularly critical of you. And I just wonder. If he were to succeed in Ukraine, is it your concern, is the message you're sending here in the United States and elsewhere that NATO countries could be next, countries like yours?SILINA: We cannot afford him to win Ukraine, because, if he wins Ukraine, then Russia will see democratic states as much weaker power.And that's why I'm here trying to negotiate and discuss and explain to our good international and transatlantic strategic partner U.S. that we cannot let Russia win. And this war can still be win over. And I believe that's why it's very important now act very fast and to help Ukraine to win this.Because, yes, he is threatening us, but we all are NATO countries. And it can affect each of us. We don't know who can be next, because those threats are not very particular. Those threats are too NATO, as such.CAVUTO: Now what do you make of -- Donald Trump has talked about this. He has praised Vladimir Putin in the past. But he has also intimated that NATO must do more of its part and especially beef up its commitment to defense.And I'm wondering, when he added, and he said it was more for effect, or that was the impression, that Russia should go ahead and invade those countries that don't put up that 2 percent, what did you make of that? Are you worried, if he becomes president, he will stick to that and be loyal more to Vladimir Putin?SILINA: I believe that each European country has understood that the situation in our geopolitical territory has changed, and we have to do more in our military to strengthen our military capabilities.And I believe, after elections in Europe, there will be a new defense commissioner, because we, as Europeans, we have to defend ourselves. We cannot just rely on the United States. And that has been on our table for months already that we will do more.And we, as Latvians and Baltics, we are spending almost 3 percent on our defense capabilities. But, without you, without our international allies, there is no easy way to defend, to have those military artillery or military equipment, what we really need in case what will happen next, what can happen next.That's why we need to stick together. And if we are together and we have united decisions made, then we are very strong. We have more capabilities of defense than Russia has now.CAVUTO: So, Prime Minister, you weren't at all troubled by some of the comments that Donald Trump has made here?And, again, they might have been for effect, to your earlier point, but that he could end this in a day, that if he came into office, he could wrap this up immediately? Some interpreted that as a sign that he would let Vladimir Putin win or keep the land that he's already gotten. What did you think?SILINA: I believe that we wish good results in your elections. We understand that this is very turbulent times before elections, and there are many different public opinions coming out of candidates.But I believe that United States has been an example to Latvia, to Baltic states. And you always have been a strong power of holding democracy and liberties alive. I don't think any president of United States can turn down those values that you have been holding for hundreds of years.And, yes, rhetorics can be harsh, but I believe those values will prevail.CAVUTO: All right, real quickly, the pope kind of sounded a lot like, let's get on and move on, and Ukraine maybe should make peace with Russia. What did you make of that?SILINA: I think that Russia understands the language of power. And we have to speak with Russia out of sense, out of position and platform of power.And there cannot be very polite diplomatic negotiations going on, because Russia will use that as a weakness. That's why it's very important for us to be united, coming out of NATO with united decisions. And we have to speak as powerful democratic nations.I understand the pope is always wanting the peace, but there could be peace only when Ukraine wins this war.CAVUTO: Prime Minister, thank you very much. I know you have a busy visit here and we appreciate your stopping by.Evika Silina, the prime minister of Latvia, a NATO member and part of the European Union.We have a lot more coming up, including the fight over TikTok. You know how it was overwhelming in the House to go ahead and send a message to the Chinese, divest, the parent company of TikTok, at least, or we shut this puppy down. Now what happens in the Senate?Aishah Hasnie on Capitol Hill -- Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Well, TikTok's CEO is making the rounds here in the Senate, trying to kill this bill. I got to chat with him as he left the building. Wait until you hear what he tells me when I asked why ByteDance won't sell to save the app.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Looks like the third time was a charm for SpaceX's Starship, completing its third test flight, its most successful yet, even though it did fall into the atmosphere and didn't survive reentry.The impact of this -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, the latest on the future of TikTok and what happens now.We will be talking to Senator Mark Warner about all of that.First to Aishah Hasnie on the push now in the Senate to do what the House just did.But it's not that easy is it, Aishah?HASNIE: No, it's not, Neil.Right now, the bill isn't going anywhere. Leader Schumer has basically said that they're going to review the text, which really gives TikTok an opportunity right now to come in and try to stall or kill the bill altogether.And CEO Shou Chew was actually making the rounds here on Capitol Hill today talking with senators. He was visiting with Senator Fetterman's office. I caught wind of that and I was standing outside the office. He saw me, came outside and made his pitch to try to kill the bill. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHOU ZI CHEW, CEO, TIKTOK: There's a lot of misinformation out there, and I intend to clarify it. This is a ban bill.In this form, if it's passed into law, this is a ban on the app in this country. It's going to impact 170 million Americans who use our app. It's going to impact seven million small businesses, and I hope their voices are heard.HASNIE: The lawmakers are saying that this is not a ban, that you're spreading misinformation, sir.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, again, this bill does not ban TikTok. It's merely requiring TikTok to divest, basically asking ByteDance to sell.And so I chased him out into his car and I asked him, why won't ByteDance just sell?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Sir, why won't ByteDance just sell the company? That would avoid a ban. Why wouldn't you just sell?CHEW: The bill is 12 pages' long. We have looked at it. It is not feasible to do whatever the bill thinks it does within the parameters set down in the bill.HASNIE: To divest the company?CHEW: So, this bill, in all the details -- you can go through the details -- this is -- this will lead to the banning of the app in the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, again, he says it's simply just not feasible.Now, Senator Fetterman says that he's inclined to vote for the House bill. He told us this about his conversation with Chew.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): I expressed my frustrations and concerns and how that's become more personalized for me and within my family. And I addressed my concerns, and I do believe he heard them.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, again, right now, it's not going anywhere in the Senate.And the longer it stalls in the Senate, Neil, really, the chances of it passing or even being put on the floor go down -- Neil.CAVUTO: Aishah, thank you very much for that.Aishah Hasnie.In the meantime, if they do eventually find a way to find a buyer for a TikTok, it would be a big, big takeover and probably the richest of all time. Right now, that honor, if you call it that, is held by Time Warner and AOL when they got together.The architect of that megamerger -- nothing has been bigger since -- Jerry Levin, has passed away. The message from that time and Jerry Levin -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: At the time, it was the biggest merger in American history and later on would be called the biggest debacle. And now there's talk that TikTok could break that record if someone bids for that company.But what I'm talking about is the merger Time Warner at America Online, or AOL, and it was supposed to be a marriage of the future. It was anything but.Gerald Levin put that together, the key architect of that undertaking, where his message was, this is a new age. He would later say it wasn't quite the age he envisioned. He passed away at 84, but not before leaving an imprint on corporate America and just how far you can go to pair industries that on paper might look good, but oftentimes are anything but.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Do you regret that?GERALD LEVIN, ARCHITECT OF AOL-TIME WARNER MERGER: No, I don't regret the concept underlying the transaction.I obviously regret the aftermath. But there was a guiding principle, which was really a digital makeover of an older media company. And that's still going on today. It's interesting how you can go from the deal of a century to a disaster.What I would say is that, and not in any form of defense or reformed legacy, but what was happening then and what really undermined that transaction was the rolling thunder coming from the Internet on demand entitlement for lots of programming basically free. That thunder is still rolling through the media environment from music to television to publishing at this point.The most important thing, and particularly when we have a lot of the chaos in our financial institutions over the last several years, is to recognize that, when you are the CEO, there's -- there is no blame. There's no blame for exogenous circumstances, no blame for predecessors, successors, or bankers, lawyers, colleagues.It's just to stand up and say, I really did do it and I regret what happened.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, Jerry Levin, of course, the head of Time Warner and the architect of what was at the time the largest merger in American history and it has been since.Of course, a lot of eyes on TikTok. If it were put up for sale and any company -- and they mentioned a bunch of them, from Microsoft, to Meta, to Oracle -- all could make very, very lofty, heady bids that would eclipse that.Charlie Gasparino joins us right now.I don't know quite how the TikTok thing goes, but I do know how this one went down and how it was viewed. And you knew and wrote about all the principal players. What did you think?CHARLIE GASPARINO, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: I really liked Jerry Levin.I got to know him better after the deal imploded and he was a board member of the New York Stock Exchange. And what I really -- what I found great about Jerry Levin, when he left business, the media business -- and he was the king of all media for a time.CAVUTO: Absolutely.GASPARINO: Let's not -- let's be real clear.He got into wellness. I mean, he had some tragedy when his son was murdered, tragically murdered, this deal huge impact on his life. And instead of doing something bad to himself, he got into self-help and meditation and yoga and believing in how to repair broken people through holistic measures.And I got to know him a little bit, and he was still a tough guy. And when Eliot Spitzer called him in to take a deposition from him, because, remember, Eliot Spitzer was suing Dick Grasso for making too much money. It was one of the dumbest suits against the New York Stock Exchange, because it kind of fell into a nonprofit category, even though it paid all its taxes. It was a really dumb suit.Jerry Levin looked him in the eye and said, let me tell you something. You're only doing this for a higher office. He went in there. He lambasted Spitzer's prosecutors. He went in there without a lawyer and not wearing a suit and told them basically to go you-know-what themselves.I saw it. I read the transcripts. I saw the deposition. And that said something to me. Like, this guy was a real player and a straight shooter. Now, the deal itself, let's be real clear here. This deal is the template for the future. He was just wickedly early. And we had...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Is it a template for a TikTok deal, if it's forced to sell? There's no guarantee that would even happen, by the way.GASPARINO: OK.Neil, it's a template for TikTok. It's a template for, which has to sell itself to Amazon to survive.It's a template for Paramount that would die to be bought by Apple right now. Big media -- big tech has the platforms, needs the content and, right now, it's at a stage where it's way beyond where AOL was. It can deliver the content and make money off it.The only thing stopping this is essentially the Biden administration, which is -- hates mergers. But it is the template for everybody. And it was interesting that when -- after -- when AOL Time Warner happened, Jack Welch -- I know this for a fact -- called everybody in his office, including Bob Wright, former head of NBCUniversal, which was then part of GE, and said, we just got slammed, the future is here.When the deal didn't work out, it basically scared everybody from doing deals. NBCUniversal was looking to buy Facebook. Bob Wright didn't press the button on that because of this deal.CAVUTO: Interesting.GASPARINO: But this sort of merger and consolidation is the only way our business survives in the long term.And I'm saying that not just about Discovery, about all of us.CAVUTO: All right.GASPARINO: Because that's the way it's going.And Jerry Levin early, haphazardly set the template.CAVUTO: Well said. Charlie Gasparino, thank you very much.We don't know the details and exactly how Mr. Levin died. We do know that he had been battling Parkinson's for some time, but a visionary who just got this particular vision on this particular record takeover slightly out of step. He would say later on it wasn't a matter of being wrong. It was a matter of my underappreciating just what wasn't right.Jerry Levin gone at 84.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, you know what happened in the House.In an overwhelming vote that was bipartisan, the move was, TikTok cannot be what it is right now, controlled by China, and that means ByteDance, the parent company of China, must unload it, divest it, as they say on Wall Street.But it isn't getting the same reaction in the United States Senate. Again, Chuck Schumer has not even detailed if or even when the Senate will take it up.Senator Mark Warner joins us right now. He is the Senate Intelligence Committee chairman.Senator, good to have you.Do you think the Senate should take up this issue?SEN. MARK WARNER (D-VA): Absolutely.Neil, I have been on your show many, many times talking about the national security threat that is posed by having a platform that 170 million Americans use on average 90 minutes a day. China is collecting this data about lots of Americans.And what is even more problematic for me is, the genius of TikTok is, it knows what you like before you know what you like. And a lot of young people get all their news. They could switch the algorithm a little bit and suddenly all the TikTok videos will be promoting that Taiwan ought to be part of China, or that Putin's right...CAVUTO: Right.WARNER: ... on getting Ukraine. And I think...CAVUTO: No, all these examples you raised, you obviously eloquently put the key arguments here.But it doesn't look like Chuck Schumer either agrees or sees the need to do something right now.WARNER: Well...CAVUTO: Now, that could change. Is it your understanding that it will and the Senate will take up the matter?WARNER: Well, listen, Neil, I know Senate never moves quickly on anything.But my friends in the House, that was a huge vote, 352 votes. It was just yesterday. I think, Schumer, I have had preliminary conversations. Chair Cantwell on the Commerce Committee is going to have views. There may be things that need to be slightly altered or amended.But I think anyone who cares about -- we have plenty of divisions in our country.CAVUTO: Yes.WARNER: We ought to be able to argue amongst ourselves, left and right, Republican, Democrat. We don't need the Chinese Communist Party dominating or influencing.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: So, the sheer size of that vote, the sheer size of that vote in the House would maybe -- has maybe changed the thinking in the Senate, as far as you...WARNER: I think so.CAVUTO: OK.WARNER: I would say so.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: So let me ask you about that then, Senator.One other idea that's been bandied about, if ByteDance were to go ahead and divest itself of TikTok, no sure thing, that TikTok would essentially be for sale one way or the other. A lot of American names have come into play here. Oracle's name comes up, Microsoft, Meta, of course, the Facebook parent.Do you have any concerns with any of those names?WARNER: Well, I have concerns about too much concentration, if this was acquired by another social media company.And, frankly, that's all of our preference. If you like TikTok, if you're a social influencer on that, you want to be, and you make your living that way, that's great with me. It just ought to be a company that's not controlled by China.So I was really glad to see Donald Trump's Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin put out word today that he was trying to put together a group of investors that could potentially buy this application. I think that he'd be great. He was one of the guys that first educated me on this issue.And I know I have said this. I don't say this often, even on FOX, but, on TikTok, Donald Trump was right years ago in saying it was a national security threat. Now, he's changed his tune a little bit now.CAVUTO: Yes.WARNER: But his initial indication on this as a national security threat was right. And I think it would be great if a group of investors were to buy this.So the service could still be extended. People could still get to see all the crazy and fun videos, but, ultimately, it would be with American or European or somebody other than Chinese ownership.CAVUTO: You know, it doesn't quite cut black and white, right, Senator? I mean, you mentioned Donald Trump changing his mind on this, that maybe we don't get rid of it for the time being or push to get rid of it.But it is a hot political issue, or could be, right? Because 170 million Americans use this.WARNER: Yes.CAVUTO: Lopsidedly, they're young, and they don't want it to go away.WARNER: Well...CAVUTO: And that they might get ticked off and take it out on politicians who do push to have it go away.WARNER: I hear it. And that's why I say, let's not have it go away. Let's just not have the Communist Party of China pulling its strings.I think...CAVUTO: But what do you -- how do you react when young people say, they don't care, Senator?WARNER: But...CAVUTO: They figure that everyone spies on them when they're online. It's not forgivable, don't get me wrong, but that they don't draw the distinction China doing it versus an American company doing it, as you're still being spied on.How do you react to that? How do you talk to them?WARNER: Well, I would react a couple of ways.One, that funny or inappropriate video two, five years from now, if somebody's trying to blackmail you from the Chinese spy services, I don't think you're going to want that to happen. And even if they don't care about the propaganda purposes, we would never let the Chinese Communist Party buy FOX News or MSNBC.The idea that they have this propaganda channel that can affect Americans' views, again, we got plenty to fight about amongst ourselves.CAVUTO: Yes.WARNER: Let's not turn the reins over.And one of the reasons that I think that something will happen is that we have done nothing on social media for years. I mean, the fact that we don't even have any kids online safety, again, broad bipartisan support for that, if we can't at least start with something that is this pervasive, controlled by an adversary of the United States, then all the things that folks think about Washington are true.But I got a lot of hope; 352 people in the House, I didn't think you would get 352 House members to agree on anything.CAVUTO: No, you're quite right about that. You're quite right about it.Let me ask you. You were mentioning the possibility how would we react to the Chinese where -- you first mentioned FOX News and MSNBC? Which would worry you more, if the Chinese bought FOX or they bought MSNBC?WARNER: You know, I'm an equal opportunity abuser of the extremes.CAVUTO: OK.(LAUGHTER)WARNER: And you're not on one of the extremes.But the extreme voices on either end of the political agenda scare the heck out of me.CAVUTO: All right.Let me ask you that about -- well, finally, I was mentioning Chuck Schumer before, Senator, but he did mention and surprised some people, urging that there be new elections in Israel, doesn't like what he's seen and heard out of Benjamin Netanyahu.A lot of people interpreted that, even on your side of the aisle, that's a bit intrusive and a bit much for a U.S. senator to call for elections in a sovereign country. Do you think he went too far?WARNER: Oh, listen, I'm a lifelong supporter of Israel.I am horribly concerned, because of some of the activities of the current Israeli government, that we could be losing a generation of Americans in terms of support for Israel. And Israel needs American support for its survival and for its success.I'm not going to weigh in on who the Israelis should choose as their leader, but I would point out that Bibi Netanyahu was never shy about trying to interfere in American politics, particularly when Barack Obama was president.CAVUTO: So you don't have a problem with what Chuck Schumer did?WARNER: Listen, I'm not going to tell a foreign nation who their leader should be.CAVUTO: OK.WARNER: I do think, if the polls in Israel show that he would not get voted back in -- but I'm not going to do that.But I would say that the way that Prime Minister Netanyahu dealt with Obama and, frankly, the way he's dealt with Secretary Blinken, Israel's strongest ally in the last couple of months, has not been with respect.CAVUTO: All right, we will watch it very closely.Senator Warner, very good seeing you again.WARNER: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Mark Warner.Well, forget weekend at Bernie's. How about enjoying a longer weekend because of Bernie? What he wants to do that you might like, maybe your boss might not like.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION: It seems like Democrats want businesses to be taxed more, pay their workers...SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): Really? Is that what you think?QUESTION: Pay their workers...(CROSSTALK)SANDERS: Excuse me.QUESTION: I didn't get to ask a question.SANDERS: Excuse me.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right work 32 hours in a week, get paid for 40, that's pretty much the idea coming from the Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.Chad Pergram has more.Hey, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Neil, good afternoon. Less work, but the same pay.Sanders argues that people should get more time off. He claims automation and A.I. will increase productivity. Sanders says people are working more for less pay.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION: How are businesses going to survive that? That's the question. How can businesses survive all of those proposals?SANDERS: When Mr. Bezos pays an effective tax rate lower than the average worker, I think we have a real problem in our tax system.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: One witness testified that workers are sharper and more refreshed after a three-day weekend. But Republicans say the government should not tell private companies what to do.The top GOP member on the labor committee, Bill Cassidy, said the plan is like throwing -- quote -- "napalm on inflation."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BILL CASSIDY (R-LA): Government should not be in the business of undermining an employer's ability to keep their doors open with unreasonable and perhaps unconstitutional mandates.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Those opposed to a 32-hour week say companies must backfill for the remaining eight hours. That drives up costs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROGER KING, SENIOR LABOR AND EMPLOYMENT COUNSEL, HR POLICY ASSOCIATION: If you can't fill the productivity gap by cutting back hours or making some adjustments to your business, you pass on added costs to the consumer. You have to pay for it some way.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Now, King said the market should decide what's the best number of hours on the job. Democrat Chris Murphy said there's a decline in people going to church because they're spending too much time at work -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Chad Pergram, thank you.I wonder what Gary Kaltbaum, a good read of all things economic and financial, thinks about the impact of that?(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Gary, what do you think of this?GARY KALTBAUM, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: And to think these same people are against shrinkflation at the supermarket, but not in hours.Look, just to take the business side, you're telling those greedy business owners who don't pay enough that you only have 32 hours a week now, but you're going to pay them the same amount. Simple equation, there's going to be less employees, less productivity, less profits, and away we go the other way.The other side of the equation, what do you tell the employees? Work less. Instead of reaching for the sky, reach for the sidewalk instead. And all I can tell you, just nothing good comes of this. You're dealing with one man who basically has never been in the business world, he's been in politics his whole life, trying to mandate what business has to pay and what to do.Just absolutely crazy, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, I will put you down as a maybe on this plan.KALTBAUM: Right.CAVUTO: But, Gary, the one thing I thought, when I first heard about this, I said, oh, they want to mandate or look at mandating four-day workweek, so the 40 hours would be spread out over four days, and then I heard about the 32-hour thing, and I immediately went to my boss and said, sign me up. He threw me out of the office.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: So I'm just wondering how companies would deal with this, because you might have a lot of people in a four-day workweek, but they're only working 32 hours.KALTBAUM: Cost goes up, productivity goes down, and profits go down.As I said, it's just -- it's the worst of all worlds. You have got to let market forces do their job. I think the businesses of this country are doing pretty darn well, Neil. I mean, the growth of the GDP over the last 20 years have been fantastic without any interference.Just leave it well enough alone. I still remember when our total GDP was $15 trillion. It's like $25 trillion right now. Just stay out of the way, leave us be, all will be fine, go away.CAVUTO: Yes, and, by the way, that $25 trillion is dwarfed by the $33 trillion, almost $34 trillion in debt we have, so we're in knee-deep in this stuff. That would get worse, wouldn't it?KALTBAUM: Don't get me started on the debt, Neil. This latest spending proposal will take us to $2 trillion to $3 trillion of debt every year going forward and grow.And just remember, that's with the prediction that we're going to grow 3 percent every year. If we ever go into recession again, I can't imagine what the numbers are going to be. And my biggest worry, and I have said this to you before, I'm worried one day the bond market's going to wake up and look out, yields are going to spike, and then all heck breaks loose. I hope that does not happen.CAVUTO: All right, well, we will see. It's still early on. It's what's thrown out there. But, again, I mean, the idea for a lot of companies that are doing well, you can have a Bernie Sanders say you're doing so well, you can afford to do this. So we will watch it closely.Thank you very much, Gary Kaltbaum.Want to draw your attention to the corner of Wall and Broad, where the Dow was selling off today. We had a pretty stubborn inflation report. But, by and large, we also have some other stubborn numbers that have people thinking, maybe we got too far ahead of ourselves.We're going to explore all of this and worker demands with the Home Depot co-founder Ken Langone. I wonder what he thinks, back then in those days in the '70s, when he was coming up with Home Depot, if he had the mandate to pay for 40 hours for workers who were actually going to work only 32 hours. Wonder what he would think of that. He's pretty frank, has some saucy language.We will talk to him tomorrow.