BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: That's just fantastic. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. We can do it. The Ingraham Angle starts now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Radical protesters confronting Senator Josh Hawley. It's all caught on camera. He's here to tell his side of the story. What a mess. Plus, debunking by Bidenomics, the administration's latest lies. But first, don't believe them. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, this is the lovely caravan, doesn't it sound fun, making its way through Mexico to our southern border. Thousands more to add to the millions, Biden and Mayorkas have already waived into the United States. Now, I thought about this today, I thought that's just what our public schools, just what our hospitals, just what our homeless shelters, just what our schools and our ESL programs already overflowing need more people with more problems.If you hadn't noticed, look around you, we're all full up with problems. But of course, you have noticed, because Americans are upset and enraged about what this White House has done to our country by opening up our borders to everyone, including the most hardened known criminals.Now, from the beginning, whenever the Biden folks were pressed about the border, they immediately started lying. And of course, blame shifting. Now first, you remember, it wasn't a crisis at all said our border czar arena (ph). Oh, thank you, Kamala. Then it was all President Trump's fault for not agreeing to support what was in the end a bogus immigration bill that would have kept the flow coming.Now all along, they were lying. They were so desperate to flood the country with undocumented Democrats and cheap workers for their donors that the White House completely misread the electorate. Now with our own eyes, we Americans have seen the damage that the Biden border policy has done to our communities. Yet the administration and its minions claimed consistently that the President did not have the power to stop it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DAN GOLDMAN (D-NY): It is false to say that President Biden has the necessary authority to secure the border.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The President is trying to make it very clear; no executive action would have that effect.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: We laughed out loud every time we heard it, because we don't believe everyone is stupid. And obviously, the Trump administration did figure out how to secure the border and make Mexico part of the solution.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE POMPEO, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: We've come to an understanding with respect to how those coming to the United States to seek asylum can remain in Mexico during the time of the pendency of their claim.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That was such a great time. And now, wouldn't you know that the Biden staff sent him to talk to Univision, to prepare liberals for the once unthinkable. The prospect, can you imagine of actually turning away large groups of migrants at the border and Biden actually doing it? Well, he'd reportedly invoke section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act that gives the President discretion and wide discretion to block entry of certain immigrants, if it is determined they are detrimental to the national interest.It must have killed the website Axios to concede that if Biden really does this, really does it, he would be taking a page from former President Trump, who himself relied on Section 212(f) to fix the border mess. So, what's clear here? What's clear is that whatever they end up doing, it's not Biden who's making the decision, it's his political people.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you made a final decision on taking executive order in terms of what you want to do at the border?JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There is no guarantee that I have that power all by myself without legislation. And some have suggested I should just go ahead and try it. And if I get shut down by the court, I get shut down by the court, but we're trying to work -- work through that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: His eyes even opened during the interview. They look closed. All right. At this point, I'm not even sure he knows that he's lying. But that was a lie. Of course, there will be lawsuits, Mr. President, but given what's happening to the country, there is no federal court and I'm talking about even ones that are staff with Biden and Obama appointees. No Federal Court is going to second guess the White House, making the call that is desperately needed to severely restrict border crossers.Now the fact is, open borders though is their preferred policy. I've been telling you guys this for years. This is their policy. In the 2020 campaign, don't forget that President Trump warned voters that Biden would open the floodgates. And after all, he was all but promising he would do that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We don't need a wall. I would end this notion for the first time in history that people seeking asylum have to be in squalor on the other side of the river, and no one, no one would be put in jail while waiting for their hearing.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Two undocumented immigrants arrested by local police be turned over to immigration officials?BIDEN: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Their plan all along was to speed up, not slow down the mass importation of foreigners into the United States. Now their compassion was never directed or their concern, never focused on the American people who at the time, by the way, we're still struggling with the COVID lockdowns. It was reserved for the millions of fraudulent asylum seekers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We will institute humane and orderly responses. That means rebuilding the capacity we need to safely and quickly process asylum seekers without creating near term crisis.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Process them where? Process them into the country. Oh, except not Martha's Vineyard. We never want to send them there or New York, never there, or Chicago, never there, only to like Florida and Texas. But he talked about, we want to avert a short-term crisis. He and his open borders fanatics created a long-term crisis, but to them, of course, American safety, that's irrelevant.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Alvarez, a Haitian migrant is accused of pushing a 15- year-old disabled girl onto his bed and raping the teen.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Police have charged Fermin Garcia-Gutierrez with aggravated murder. Garcia-Gutierrez is an illegal immigrant who has been deported seven times but keeps finding his way back to Butler County.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ervin Jeovany Alfaro Lopez was arrested earlier this week on several sex offense charges. Now, ICE telling us the man was here from El Salvador and has been in a constant cycle of getting arrested, being deported, and then coming back to the U.S.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But is he registered to vote, just kidding, kind of. Again, never forget that the Biden White House does not care about these tragedies until it begins to hurt them politically. And boy, it is hurting them now. But they're generally unfazed about the issue. So unfazed that they don't even bother knowing the real numbers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How many gotaways have there been since President Biden took office?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Congresswoman, I will provide that data to you. I don't have the number.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: By the way that was today. He's been in there for what three years? He still doesn't know. Isn't it his job to know the numbers? If this bunch does anything on the border, winning in November will be their only motivation. They're not doing it because it's the right thing to do, or they want to protect the country. It's because they want to protect their power. And if heaven forbid, Joe Biden is reelected, I can't even think about it. But if he is his DHS, I promise you will simply return to the catch and release policy of the past three years.It's only one presidential candidate in this race with any credibility, with any track record, a proven track record of putting America first at the border. And also of course, his economic and his foreign policy as well and that's Donald Trump. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Jim Chilton, a rancher in Arizona and Tom Homan, former Acting ICE Director under President Trump and a Fox News Contributor. Tom, let's start with you. 7.5 million illegals. That's just what we know of have come in under Biden, some even through Jim's ranch, we're going to talk to him in a moment. And now he's considering executive action. What's the first thing he would need to do to real prove his -- really prove his bona fidees?TOM HOMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Put the Remain in Mexico program back in play. I mean, the Supreme Court, the highest courts (inaudible) says Remain in Mexico program is legal. And that was a game changer with the Trump administration. So, he could do that -- he could have done that three years ago. In order -- look, my job (ph) was excellent. I want to steal it, because you did it better than I could do it.But look, they -- the only reason we're even talking about it now is because election, three and a half years, they didn't do a single thing to pull the flow. Now they realize it's going to hurt him election, now he's going to do something. But I agree with you, 100 percent, if he was to win reelection, the day after that election, that border is back open again. But I'm hesitant if he's going to take any action. We'll wait and see. But again, his actions speak louder than his words. I don't think he's going to take an executive action. We'll see.INGRAHAM: I agree. I think it's all messaging because that's all they really believe in. Jim now. I heard that when you go out on your ranch now you do always carry a handgun. Tell us about what life is like on the Arizona border.JIM CHILTON, ARIZONA RANCHER: My greatest fear is running into a group of cartel led people coming through with guns, AK-47s.INGRAHAM: When you are in your truck or your vehicle, and you're traversing your very large ranch, five miles on the border itself, what are you regularly finding that Americans would be shocked to learn about?CHILTON: Well, I have five motion activated cameras. And in the last three --INGRAHAM: This is the ranch we're showing on the screen, by the way now.CHILTON: -- in the last three years, I've collected 3050 images of people and camouflage carpet shoes, and similar backpacks. And I'm sure been told that at least 20 percent are packing drugs to come into our country to poison our people.INGRAHAM: Now, you hear about what the Biden administration would -- is thinking about doing on the border, does that give you any comfort, Jim?CHILTON: No. There are so many people coming through that they are busy processing people. I haven't seen a border patrol agent on the ranch proper for over four months.INGRAHAM: What? Do you reach out to them and say, where the heck are you or anyone call the office?CHILTON: Essentially, the border patrol guys tell me they're nothing but taxi agents picking up people coming across the border and wanting to be apprehended, processed and released into the country.INGRAHAM: Now that's a whole in the border that actually isn't your ranch, so there's the fence or whatever you want to call that. And then that's where they come through.CHILTON: That's one spot, and then the end of the wall is on our ranch. It proceeded from Sasabe out, East, East. And then on Biden's first day in office, he stopped it, and they had a half mile to go on my ranch.INGRAHAM: Oh, my goodness. Well, Tom, this is a heartbreak to hear. This is just one of many stories of people who own land at or near the border. And yet our Secretary of DHS today was called out for actually trying to mislead the public on the number of deportations that are actually being carried out. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JOHN RUTHERFORD (R-FL): You said 630,000 have been returned. That is not accurate. The actual ICE deportations is 142,580. All those other people that you're talking about were rejected at the border. These are not ICE deportations, and you conflate those two numbers and it's aggravating to me that you do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Tom, they know exactly what they're doing, do they not? It's just like their economic game then they play on, the Bidenomics is so great, people can't afford their groceries.HOMAN: It's just another lie under oath. Here's a cabinet member lying under oath. He knows that number is incorrect. In the same time, we've got historically weak immigration, ICE has the lowest numbers of removals in the history of the program. But I'll make a promise to Rancher Chilton, hang out for January, because in January, we will secure that border. And we'll run the largest deportation operation you ever seen. And we'll give you some safe and comfort on your home property, guaranteed.INGRAHAM: Jim, I'm going to ask you a question that's nothing to do with this topic because your beautiful wife is here, and you've been married for 6 --CHILTON: 60 years.INGRAHAM: 60 years. OK, what's the secret?CHILTON: My wife is always right. And even when she's absolutely wrong, I refer back to number one.INGRAHAM: Those are the two rules, right. OK. Thank you for being with us and telling us your story. This is not the America I know that you grew up in, but I hope we can get that America back. Jim and Tom, thank you. All right, coming up, Senator Hawley confronted by pro-Hamas crazies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): You are here to try and destroy the state of Israel. That's what you want to do, and I'm happy to stand up against you every day to call out your pro-genocidal rhetoric.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He's here to respond, next(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTER: You are creating a Holocaust in Gaza,HAWLEY: You are.PROTESTER: You are supporting genocide.HAWLEY: And it is China money. You people are funded by China. You are funded by what they do. You are here to be antisemites. You are here to try and destroy the state of Israel.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Are there crows flying around? These harpies. Wow, that's more from the save humanity crowd today accosting Josh Hawley who's, by the way, one of the least pro-war senators on Capitol Hill.Now you may have noticed that the palms of their hands were painted or dipped and what looks like red ink or red paint or something. Now why is that? Well, they didn't reveal their thinking as to why, but we do know that back in 2000, two IDF soldiers who made a wrong turn in the West Bank and then were intercepted by a bloodthirsty mob that went on to torture these IDF soldiers and then murder them at a police station.One of the gunmen even spoke to one of the soldier's wives on the phone, reportedly telling her we're slaughtering your husband now. And apparently the mob loved it. One of the soldiers Aziz Salha noticed he was covered in the blood of the soldiers, he had strangled and stabbed them. But he knew what the crowd wanted. He walked over to a window and held up his bloody hands. They cheered, then the bodies of those soldiers were thrown out of the police station and desecrated.So. perhaps the next time you see one of those pro -Hamas edgy protesters holding up their red hands and wailing about how they're for peace and human rights, you might remember this image and the story.Joining me now Missouri Senator Josh Hawley. Senator, they, for the most part are following around the Biden campaign, and I believe there'll be a pretty big presence at the Democratic National Convention this summer. What's their beef with you here?HAWLEY: Well, their beef with me is that I'm pro-Israel. I mean, that's the -- that's the long of the short of it, Laura. And I have to tell you, I really enjoyed the exchange because when you point out to them, that they are funded by China, Code Pink, are paid for protesters funded by the Chinese Communist Party, their money comes from China, it's laundered through a bunch of dark money groups, and then it goes to Code Pink.These are people who can't even admit that the Uyghurs are in internment camps, concentration camps, and yet they say that Israel is a terrorist state. Give me a break. These guys, it is astroturf wackos, is what these guys are, and it's time they got called out.INGRAHAM: Well, the radicals are angry at people who are pro-Israel, the billionaires are very happy Senator with the Biden campaign. The Biden victory fund received more than 246 figure donations back in 2023. And according to Forbes, 25 percent of the country's billionaires donated to Biden in 2020, compared to only 14 percent for Trump, so my question to you is, although Trump has some billionaires, no doubt, supporting and made a big money haul last weekend, what is it that the globalist billionaires are getting from Biden that they're worried about not getting from Trump?HAWLEY: Well, the globalist billionaires are investing in making China rich and America poor. I mean, they're betting on the demise of the United States. These are the same people who have happily sent our jobs first to Mexico, then to China, the same people who have moved industry overseas, the same people who love the Biden climate agenda, we're now we're going to pay the Chinese to make electric vehicles that no American wants and sell them back to us at a markup, while we decimate American auto jobs and the auto industry.It's all the same people. I mean, these billionaires, Wall Street, they love it, they make money off of it. It's making money off of the demise of America. So, they love the Biden policy. The problem is it is destroying this country. It is bankrupting this country, and it is destroying the working class of this country. They know Donald Trump will stop it. And that's why they oppose him.INGRAHAM: Despite what we know, is this effort to repair relations with China and placate the Chinese in any way that they can. The FBI Director had a chilling warning yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FBI: Front and center is China, the defining threat of our generation. If you took every single one of the FBI's cyber agents and intelligence analysts and focus them exclusively on China, China's hackers would still outnumber FBI cyber personnel by at least 50 to 1.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, we send Janet Yellen over there to yapper flap with President Xi. And again, all these businessman us CEOs go over there and have dinner with him and suck up to him. And this is what actually our FBI Director is saying, this is bad news.HAWLEY: Oh, it's terrible news. But you know, Chris Wray, what is he doing with his time? I mean, if China's the number one threat, why is he focused on sending FBI agents to the doors of pro-life Catholic protesters, who just want to march for their faith and demonstrate peacefully, and he's got SWAT teams showing up at their doors in the morning to terrorize them. I mean, come on.Let's put our priorities where they ought to be. If China is the number one threat, let's start acting like and I'd tell you the other thing we could do, Laura is, why are we sending hundreds of billions of dollars to Ukraine, if China is our number one global threat? I mean, these people need to get on the same page here. I mean, let's admit it if China's the top threat, let's start acting like it, but Chris Wray and the Biden administration, they don't believe it, they're not doing anything to keep America safe, they're out there grinding their political axis and trying to destroy their political opponents.INGRAHAM: Senator, I'm glad you survived that Code Pink fiasco. You seem like you're OK. So, you didn't wear a pink tie. How's that? All right, Senator, thank you. Another gut punch for Americans about the economy. But that's not stopping Joe Biden spin. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now, as the Angle predicted, there was no way that with their trillions in needless spending, the Biden brain trust was going to be able to hold down inflation. Couldn't happen. And a new government report shows how Bidenomics continues to ravage the family budget.The Consumer Price Index rose 3.5 percent in March from where it was a year ago. That's more than the so-called experts predicted. Of course, the numbers don't lie. But, President Biden, you be the judge.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Look, we have dramatically reduced inflation from 9 percent down to close to 3 percent. We're in a situation where, a better situation than we were when we took office, where inflation is skyrocketing. And we have a plan to deal with it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Looks like the eclipse was still happening over him. That's like, forget Bidenomics, this is lying-nomics. Do they think we can't search the Internet? Because when Biden took office, inflation was sitting at 1.4 percent. Wasn't 6 percent, wasn't 7 percent, and it sure as hell wasn't 9 percent.And his claim that people are better situated now? Well, I mean, I guess, if you think that having to skip lunch or breakfast to pay your bills is progress.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Do you think you're better off now or four years ago?UNKNOWN: Four years ago.UNKNOWN: Groceries have almost tripled. It's ridiculous. I feel like most of the American public is in trouble.UNKNOWN: Inflation, right now, has been crazy high. I could get a sandwich for $7 now. I used to be paying $3.50 back in 2022.UNKNOWN: Disposable income is on the decline.UNKNOWN: Think that things are more expensive now?UNKNOWN: Absolutely.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: People aren't imagining this. Here are some of the price increases facing Americans. Look at this list. Medical care, up 6 percent over the last three years. Really? Apparel, up nearly 10 percent. Shelter, up 20 percent. Food at home is up 21 percent. New cars, about 19 percent. Even used cars are up 19.4 percent. And of course, gas prices, we know what those are, 50 percent up from when Biden took office.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: What do you say to the families, not just Latino families, but families across the country that don't feel that economic growth, that job creation reflected in their paychecks, in their pockets?BIDEN: Well, it's not yet. But guess what? The 15 million jobs that we've created so far, more than any president has in a time period, we're 4.5 million are Latinos, 4.5 is more than any other time.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I swear, I heard people laughing in the background there. Quick fact check, Biden has not really created 15 million jobs. According to Snopes, Biden's net gain from pre-pandemic job levels is just 5.5 million. And if you dig deeper into that jobs report, you see that more than 8.6 million Americans have to work multiple jobs just to get by now.Again, this is not a messaging problem. This is a Biden policy problem. And there's only one way back to growth, prosperity, safety, and, yeah, freedom, and yet they want to put the guy who could help us get there behind bars. Think about that.Joining me now, Florida Congressman Byron Donalds, member of the House Financial Services Committee. Congressman, they're struggling, people are, to afford basic necessities. I haven't seen this since I was a little girl during the Carter era, but you see it. And the people's eyes are filled today with anxiety when they're not angry.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): A hundred percent, because people can't afford to just do the basic things to live. All of this stems from the massive overspending from Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Chuck Schumer when they were in charge of the entire government for two years. When you massively expand federal spending, that money does come from somewhere. And where it comes from is the purchasing power of every American.Look, if you're rich, you'll figure a way to work it out. But if you're working poor, middle-income families, you have fallen behind massively so, because everything is up and your wages are actually down when you got to go to the store. Americans can't continue like this.So, you have to have a real economic agenda. You have to have a serious plan on federal spending to curtail that so the American people are allowed to thrive and prosper.INGRAHAM: Now, Ron Klain, who I don't agree with on much, but he's actually a smart guy. He's the president's -- in charge of their -- well, I think he was working for Biden and Obama, but now he's very worried about the reelection strategy that they put in place, that it's missing the mark.Politico obtained audio of Klain allegedly saying, I think the president is out there too much talking about bridges. If you go into the grocery store and, you know, eggs, milk are expensive. The fact that there's an effing bridge is not -- and then the tape apparently cuts out.Now, Congressman, is he on to something? He wants them reelected. He's been paid a lot of money over the years to deliver the good and bad news to the Democrats, but Klain even sees it.DONALDS: I mean, he's not wrong, but what are they going to do? Are they going to abandon their political agenda? Are they going to stop the massive green new deal spending? Apparently, according to Wall Street now, it's about $2 to $3 trillion for solar panels and windmills, frankly, that we don't need, where we're going to send that money to China, empower the Chinese against our own interests here at home.The Democrats and Joe Biden have a major issue. They were able to accomplish a lot of their domestic agenda and it sucks and it's hurting the American people here at home, so they can't give up the agenda because then they have to tell people that they were wrong.So, what we have to do is be very simple. We need to be energy independent again at home. We have to be exporting energy around the globe. We have to cut regulations here in D.C. We do have to cut spending here in D.C., allow the economy to flourish, actually secure the border. That's the recipe for success for the American people, not politicians, for the American people. That's the recipe.INGRAHAM: Now, some of your colleagues have very novel ideas that I think I would share with you tonight. One of them is from Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, and her view about what would be fair going forward. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I don't remember which celebrity, but it was actually a celebrity and I was, like, I don't know if that's not necessarily a bad idea. One of the things that they propose is black folk not have to pay taxes. Not only do you owe for the labor that was stolen and killed and all the other things, right? But the fact is, like, we end up being so far behind. But to think that America doesn't owe the descendants of slaves is an error.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Congressman, this would be a new way of kind of formulating an old idea, which would be reparations.DONALDS: Well, it's a bad idea. It doesn't work. How are you going to delineate who gets money and who does not? Or in Jasmine's perspective, who pays taxes and who does not? That's a major problem right there. But at the end of the day, what you really want is an economic system with whether you're black, Hispanic, white, doesn't matter. You have an ability to build generational wealth so you can pass that on to your kids. That's the conversation we should be having.But when you have a crazy economic agenda from the Democrats and Joe Biden, it's not possible for people to get ahead and pass on and build asset growth and pass on generational wealth. That's not going to work.But I'll tell you when it did work, under the Trump economy. Because under the Trump economy, whether you were black, Hispanic, white, everybody was getting ahead. You were able to actually increase your net worth personally.INGRAHAM: You remember those days? I mean, 2019 was just awesome. I mean, people were able to buy houses. Young families were moving into the neighborhood. Now they have to live in a micro apartment. Then all the liberals will be happy, Congressman. Great to see you, as always.All right, if you're worried about the dangers of big government, wait until they use the power of artificial intelligence. A new warning from Elon Musk, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now we've all heard a lot about the dangers and the threats of artificial intelligence, but Elon Musk just put it into context. I think a context that everyone can understand.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: If you define AGI as smarter than the smartest human, I think it's probably end of next year, like within two years. Is it smarter than all humans working together who are also using computers to augment their output? And that I think is probably five years away.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's unsettling. And this comes on the heels of a new Wall Street Journal report where Japan's top telecom company and the country's largest newspaper joined together to warn what will happen if artificial intelligence is left unchecked. In the worst-case scenario, democracy and social order could collapse, resulting in wars. That's all.Joining me now is Jon Schweppe, policy director at the American Principles Project, and Connor Leahy, CEO of Conjecture. Conor, a lot of people hear this, they don't really get what it is, except maybe they'll write some essays for you. But what is all the danger of AEI that people are talking about here?CONNOR LEAHY, CONJECTURE CEO: I think one of the first and most important things to understand is that A.I. is very different from traditional software. So, when we're talking about software, you know, like you might use on your computer, it is written with code. You have programmers who write code, instructions that tell the computer what to do. They have like text, you can read it, you can understand kind of like what you're telling the computer to do. This is not how A.I. works.A.I. is more like organic. You have these huge piles of data on these massive supercomputers, and you kind of grow a program on your data. And the way this program looks is kind of like just a bunch of numbers. And these numbers don't make sense to us humans. It's kind of like you're looking in a Petri dish.But if you execute the numbers, if you run them on your computer, they can do fantastical things. I'm sure many of us have tried chat GPT or the various video generation or picture generation software. We don't actually know how they work.So, if we take this seriously, that we could use these things to make smarter and smarter systems that can do more and more things, that can understand more and more complex tasks and can perform those things. Well, currently we just heard Elon Musk telling us that he thinks human level intelligence could come in a couple of years.And I will ask the question, you know, if we build something that is smarter than all humans, better at deception, manipulation, politics, science, business, and everything else, and we don't know how to control it, which we currently don't, what do you think is going to happen?INGRAHAM: Jon, what happens to humans at that point? I mean, as it is, you were talking about your hometown in Illinois, all the jobs moved overseas because, of course, you can make cheap stuff over in Asia. All those communities lost their hub of manufacturing and now this.JON SCHWEPPE, AMERICAN PRINCIPLES PROJECT: Well, I don't think our leaders are really wrestling with what could actually happen. And certainly, you know, folks like Elon who, you know, love him for buying Twitter and making it a free speech place. But, you know, ultimately, these guys aren't really thinking about what could happen. You know, it's the Jurassic Park line where, you know, they're thinking about what they can do, but not necessarily what they should do.And, you know, the scary thing here is, what kind of guardrails are we going to put into place? Are we going to, you know, put A.I. in charge of our nuclear arsenals, of our bio labs? We already saw with COVID-19 what happens with science run amok.And so, that's the fear here. And, you know, Washington doesn't seem to be taking it very seriously.INGRAHAM: Well, also Connor, you think about A.I. generated news. I mean, we're in the opinion business on this show. We break a lot of news as well. But what happens when that gets written in order to control a population or stoke passions within a population, and divisions within that population, and it moves at lightning speed? That's another thing beyond nuclear weapons, which is the end of times as we know them.But before we would get there, a lot of other things would have to happen, correct?LEAHY: Of course. The kind of technology that already exists today is incredibly powerful for psychological and memetic warfare. The systems that exist today are already used by, you know, both domestic and international actors to produce, you know, artificial videos, voice cloning technology, et cetera.Currently there is accessible to anyone watching this program online. You can buy from company software that allows you to take 15 second clip of anyone's voice and clone it. Make them say anything you want. Perfectly realistic. This is already possible for consumers. But what do you think is possible with even more advanced technology that's currently being developed.Using this, it is currently possible that you can meet someone online, you talk to them for a whole year, you get to know them, you send pictures back and forth, you know, and so on. And this person never existed. It was an A.I. all along. This technology already exists today and is being used already to form narratives, to push division and so on.So, it's already starting and it's only getting worse, especially once we have multiple such systems interacting with each other --INGRAHAM: And competing with each other.LEAHY: -- we're already seeing this.INGRAHAM: Yeah, competing with each other. John, what do we need to do? Congress needs to get more -- I mean, everyone's like, oh, I'm a libertarian. We don't do anything. Well, this is one of those cases where we actually need smart regulations, if there is such a thing, but something has to happen.SCHWEPPE: Well, look, I think Democrats are already looking at this as how do we weaponize this in our favor? How do we censor conservatives, de- platform them?INGRAHAM: Don't want that.SCHWEPPE: And I'm afraid that Republicans in Congress haven't figured it out yet. You know, they're still inviting folks from big tech funded think tanks to testify on the Hill about AI. And we really need them to start taking this seriously. You know, we need to hold AI creators accountable. And then, ultimately, make sure they're not censoring folks and putting out, you know, DEI AI.INGRAHAM: Yeah. And to Connor's point, when they use someone's image or voice and people can send funny videos now, there has to be a stamp that can't be taken off of that voice, correct? Am I onto something here, Connor? Well, you can't take it off of the actual original voice. They're looking into that technology. But there's always ways around that as well, because A.I. can figure out how to get around it.John and Connor, we can do a whole hour on this and I know we will in the future. Thank you.All right, Biden, barely discernible. Maybe we need A.I. to help us. But he has lots of content. And the pop culture is targeting nuns? Raymond Arroyo, not A.I., explains it all, next. Seen and Unseen.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen, where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor, Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, earlier we did show some of Biden's meeting with the Japanese prime minister.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, but there were some important moments that I'll bet people didn't see on the nightly news, Laura. The only thing that could have made Biden less clear were if he were actually speaking Japanese.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Our commitment to the defense of Japan under article five, including the Senkaku Islands. Okay. Third, next question. Who do I call on next? Hang on a second, I got my list here. Hang on, I apologize. Aurelia of AFP. And it's tied to the hostages. There are a number of hostages that are being held by the Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh my God. Biden, Biden. Every movement is scripted and pre- planned, Raymond. And he's still, again, it looks like the solar eclipse was coming again. What was that big shadow over him? That was unholy. No, he can't communicate.ARROYO: This is exactly the problem, Laura. And look, you saw the president when he motioned toward the staff on the other side of the greenery there.INGRAHAM: Help, help.ARROYO: What we are witnessing is the most frightened presidential campaign of all time, where the staff is petrified that the president's confusion is going to somehow be exposed in a major way.INGRAHAM: And by the way, your recent reports, Raymond, on his kitchen table campaign, where he goes and has food with people, confirmed today by NBC News. They wrote that the president, his recent battleground state campaign tour didn't draw major crowds, but critically for the Biden campaign, it did produce a lot of content.The campaign is focused on reaching disengaged voters with digital content, and apparently ones that need free food. And the Biden economy was too expensive.ARROYO: Yeah, well, that includes all those adult visits with the black families, the Italian families, even prepping for the masters with children, apparently.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: OK, are you going to challenge me? There we go.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, you notice how every presidential reaction and response is just, wow, holy mackerel, ooh. No policy is engaged. I mean, I guess the only policy you could discuss here is how he's getting rid of Title IX so boys can compete against girls in the ladies' golf league, but --INGRAHAM: He's not getting rid of it, but there might be a massaging of the rules to make it. But Raymond, I kept thinking we were going to see the windmill there for when he was doing the putting and the snow cone.ARROYO: At least it would be a distraction from what they're saying. And look, the latest Biden strategy is to try to win back Latino voters. And they're booking these highly scripted Spanish language interviews. And they pray that the Univision overdub will save him. Listen to the raw here first.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Spend a lot of time thinking about what your legacy would look like?BIDEN: Well, I hope, I hope the legacy is that I kept my word, that I said that the reason I was running was to help change the life of ordinary people and reduce the prospect of war. And because of Vietnam.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: It sounds like he needs a drink of water, Laura. But now, watch how he sounds when dubbed from earlier in the interview.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(FOREIGN LANGUAGE)(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Suddenly he's Antonio Banderas, Laura. He's fluent and he's got the wonderful pattern and rhythm. That's ridiculous.INGRAHAM: No, yeah, that was quite peppy. Tell us about the pop culture trend we're seeing, ridiculing and targeting nuns, how brave.ARROYO: Look -- well, and the faith that these nuns embrace. In Italy, there's a new ad that features a nun who replaces communion hosts with potato chips. The ad is sparking outrage. The Italian Ad Standards Agency is calling for the ad to be taken off the air, Laura.I mean, this is outrageous and blasphemous. Catholics believe the host is the body and blood of Jesus Christ. It's not a snack.INGRAHAM: Raymond, anything religious is for them, I mean, you have to ridicule it, right? Because anything that speaks to the almighty has to be ridiculed and ridiculed again. And I mean, that's what they do. So, it's like, OK, it's nothing we haven't heard before.ARROYO: Continuing that trend, you have Rihanna, who appears on the cover of Interview Magazine this week, dressed as a tramping nun. She looks like she hit the spirit Halloween bargain rack. Rihanna proudly promoted her trashy nun shoot on social media. This is the last refuge of every desperate musical actor. Nat Little, Nas X, they all try this routine.INGRAHAM: Yeah, more nonsense from the nun thinker. Exactly. Raymond, great to see you. I've got to get back to that overdub from Biden. Antonio Banderas.