JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS HOST: Recycling bins into basketball hoops and increased the number of volunteers. A lot of people will be trying to play Steph Curry with those trash bins. Tomorrow on "SPECIAL REPORT," what we can learn from America's greatest presidents and what they'd say to Americans now. Thanks for watching "SPECIAL REPORT." THE INGRAHAM ANGLE with Kid Rock is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Los Angeles. Tonight, it's time to Rock n Rowe. Kid Rock is here on what Trump's playlist says about him. And Mike Rowe is here on the new news about college tuition. It's going to blow your mind. But first, the real war against women. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now the LSU Iowa NCAA semifinals on Monday night was the highest rated in NCAA women's basketball history. Iowa star forward Caitlin Clark, the best woman to ever play college basketball is attracting an entirely new fan base. Other stars like Angel Reese have huge followings as well and enormous talent, and the rivalries, man, they're exciting to watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAITLIN CLARK, COLLEGE BASKETBALL PLAYER: That's what makes women's basketball so fun is you have great competition and that's what we've had all year long. But I think Angel would say the same. It's like, it's not just us in women's basketball, that's not the only competitive thing about where our game is at. And that's what makes it so good. We need multiple people to be really good. And yes, I think both of our careers, whether she decides to stay or to go, we'll have great careers in the WNBA and that's been both of our dreams all along. So, I think we're both excited for that, as well,(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, she kind of pushed past all the controversies. And she was poised and powerful, and so inspiring to young players and people who aren't involved in sports. Now, as a former college athlete myself, I do know how much time and how much hard work these women have devoted to becoming the best of the best, just like the male athletes. They earn every award they get, and no one should ever diminish their achievements.But that is exactly what the Biden administration will do and it's proposing a rule changes to Title IX that will make it easier for biological men to compete against girls and women in sports across the United States. Now, it doesn't matter that they're now claiming to have delayed it. So, how would it actually do this? Because by redefining the laws prohibition against sex discrimination to include gender identity, they would upend women's sports. And I think they already are beginning to feel the blowback.According to one analysis, this would be catastrophic for female athletes, President Joe Biden would have the federal government compel schools, colleges, and universities to allow biological males who identify as females to compete against female athletes.Now, of course, Biden and Harris, they try to sell themselves as the big defenders of girl power, the true protectors of women. But that's always been a lie and Trump was right.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You talk about women's rights. This is the opposite of women's rights. This is a horrible thing and they're not allowed to even talk about it, but I'll talk about it. If I were a basketball coach of a woman's team, I would never ever lose. I'd be the greatest coach of all time. I don't like him, but I'd say, LeBron, did you ever think of becoming a woman? Did you ever? Because I'd like to have you on my team.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now forget the rank unfairness given the physical advantage that biological men have over women we've been through that ad nauseam. Trans infiltration of women's sports put women in actual danger. Now, I played field hockey and let me just say, I'm really glad, I didn't have to face players from our boys and men's ice hockey teams, forget about it. And when boys spike a volleyball over a net, injuries can be very serious to girls.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: About a year ago, I was severely injured in a high school volleyball game by a biological male on the opposing team. I suffer from long lasting effects including impaired vision, partial paralysis, and more outside memory loss.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: A sigh of relief from female athletes around the globe when a year ago, the World Athletics Council banned biological men from participating in women's events. But their idea of protecting women begins and ends with abortion in the Biden administration. As if it's the goal of most women, just forget all the other goals. Their real goal is to ensure abortion through the third trimester in all 50 states. That's where it begins and ends. How sick. Now let's face it. The Democrats favorite kind of woman now is a man pretending to be one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. MIGUEL CARDONA, SECRETARY OF EDUCATION: We, in the Biden-Harris administration want you to know that we see you, we support you, and we celebrate you. We also know it's not an easy time to be you. Walking into a classroom should be an act of hope, not an act of bravery that every day you choose to show up as your true self, you make this world a more brave, more honest, and more free place.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Notice when they're celebrating trans visibility, they used the words honest, brave, and free. It's an Orwellian subversion of the English language. It's literally the opposite. Biological men who compete against women in sports are dishonest and cowardly. And you can have selfish to that mix because the trans athletes who can't make it and competing against men, somehow, they just love dominating women.Now the people who claim to care so much about ending misogyny are the worst misogynist out there. Who cares if the big ratings that women's sports are now getting would actually decline and probably eventually just crater if biological men participated? The women's college softball World Series, the women's tennis at the U.S. Open, who wants to see men playing the women's tennis.If some female athletes well, just end up losing the chance to participate or lose scholarships or money to go pro? I guess it's just c'est la vie. They're collateral damage on the way to perfect equity in sports. What a bunch of cynical, sad people.But this bastardization of Title IX is just one more policy demanded by the Left, caused by the Left, then pushed by the White House that hurts women and girls. After all, high crime hurts women.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's about morals and people being able to walk up and down the street in our own community, and not be a victim to the crime.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is the worst I've ever seen it, and I've been through -- I was here during the drug epidemic, I was here. It wasn't as bad as it is now.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: DC is under siege, and we need help. We really do.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The high cost of living hurts women,(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Just for like a week's worth, or just groceries $200 easily and it's like not even, that's not even two weeks of groceries.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Really being careful about where we spend our money. It's coming down to the necessities.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And of course, the open border that hurts women.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Will go on walks and stuff will always like go with each other.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: As a woman, it's just like I have to be extra, extra careful and be extra protective and it's just super scary.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And bad schools, they hurt women.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Reducing school choices won't make struggling schools better. It will just remove some of the best school options in the city and the state from parents, which will ultimately limit opportunities for students. Please keep selective enrollment schools part of the mix.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And their pro-weed, pro-porn agenda that hurts women.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He started using marijuana when he was 14-years-old and became psychotic. And sadly, he died five years after he first started using marijuana.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: For decades, the Left has claimed to support women. It's a lie, and it always has been a lie. The Left supports its own radical efforts to tear down traditional American life and if women happen to get in their way, well, that's too bad for women.American women deserve better. And our populist movement has to do everything possible to make that clear, especially before November. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Michele Tafoya, former NFL Sideline Reporter; and Prisha Mosley, a detransitioner. Ambassador for the independent Women's Forum. Michele, let's start with you. Now, the administration, I think had already begun to feel the blowback on these changes to Title IX and there's claiming oh, is this preliminary or it's not really happening? What does -- what does this message say to women that this is seriously under consideration?MICHELE TAFOYA, FORMER NFL SIDELINE REPORTER: Well, it says that they don't matter as much, and that their places on these teams don't matter as much and that their achievements don't matter as much. They are playing to a tiny portion of the population. It's a lot of virtue signaling, and it's a lot of dishonesty. It's a lot of saying the facts XX, XY, those don't really exist.You know, as long as someone identifies as a woman, they can come in and compete for your spot, compete for your job on a team do any of those things and you know, it's really OK and if you don't agree, you're a transphobic which is, tell that -- tell that to Caitlyn Jenner, the ultimate trans activist, trans woman athlete who knows how unfair all of this is.INGRAHAM: Now in a Daily Mail exclusive, a landmark 15-year study concluded that most gender confused children grow out of it. Results show that at the start of the research around one in 10 children express gender non- contentedness to varying degrees but by age 25, just one in 25 said, they often are sometimes were discontent with their agenda. Prisha, are you surprised given your own story here?PRISHA MOSLEY, INDEPENDENT WOMEN'S FORUM: No, I'm not at all surprised to hear that. Young people, particularly young women are very susceptible to social contagion. They're the most susceptible demographic. And as for the one person out of five, who continues to feel that way, they deserve ethical and database mental health care.INGRAHAM: Yes, so being confused and being filled with despair as a young person, and then being told, well, have you -- are you really comfortable with who you are? And Michele, I mean, you talk to any kid today, they're being bombarded as Prisha says with so many messages, including from school administrators, deans in colleges, and teachers, and sometimes coaches, that they should reconsider what their parents are telling them. It's a big anti-parent push out there as well.TAFOYA: That is for sure. We have seen that personally. I have two kids in school. And there have been things that have said, well, maybe your parents aren't right about this, or maybe your parents were wrong about this. But yes, I'm glad that Prisha used the term social contagion. I think that is so much of what we're seeing. And really, when you see this spike in transgender identity and all these various gender identities, that seems to have come out of the COVID lockdowns and kids being exposed to all of these messages.And then when you see teachers in the classroom, I've heard this anecdotally saying that, if you think that only women menstruate, that's your opinion. Now, that's a fact. And so, I think this notion of kind of playing make believe, and that facts are no longer facts, they're opinions. This is where it's getting really weird and very tricky for kids to navigate, what the ideas are versus what the facts are.INGRAHAM: Prisha, your transition process was, you describe it as very quick. Tell us briefly how that came to be.MOSLEY: Yes, so I had actually been seeking mental health care and services for trauma and other mental illnesses that were diagnosed prior to my gender dysphoria diagnosis for several years. But as soon as I heard about gender ideology online, and expressed to my doctors that I felt I was born in the wrong body, I was immediately fast tracked, the care came almost instantly.For example, it took almost 10 years after getting my diagnosis for Borderline Personality Disorder, to find a dialectical behavioral therapist to treat it. But it was less than two years to go from hormones to a double mastectomy and transition.INGRAHAM: I mean, I just -- I think there has to be massive, massive lawsuits. I know there are lawsuits underway for what's happened, especially to our young people, and young women, Michele, who are getting pressured, sexually, pressured, to dress a certain way, to pressure it online. Now they're being pressured to cut off their breasts and to take these life altering drugs that they're told, Oh, that's all reversible.I think Prisha can testify to the fact that no, it's not that -- it's not that clear, long lasting mental health and physical damage to one's body. And they're pro-women. I don't think so. Infuriating.TAFOYA: I don't think so either. I had a detransitioner, Laura, back on my podcast. And she said the exact same things that Prisha did, that she was fast tracked. And now here she is, Laura. She's 25-years-old. She's had a double mastectomy. She wants to get married and have a family. And she doesn't know if she'll ever be able to do that. And I think that she is pursuing legal action as well. And I think that's what it's going to take.INGRAHAM: Prisha, your final words to parents out there when you send your kids off to school or send them to counselors for help, what's your word of warning and caution to them?MOSLEY: First, be aware of reality yourself and the way that people are manipulating and breaking down language to tear it apart. And then do your best to prepare your child. Maybe tell them that they're tricky people out there who will twist language and manipulate them because unfortunately, it's true. And sometimes these predators, these people, they'll wear pins that say you're safe with me and all of that. But that can oftentimes be a signal that you're not safe.INGRAHAM: Yes, those stickers that are everywhere and signs in schools. Michele and Prisha, two brilliant women. Thank you both very much tonight. All right, coming up, what does Kid Rock think about Trump's chances in November. Remember, he's from Michigan. The music star will be here to tell us. But first, a new infectious disease outbreak rocking a migrant shelter in Chicago. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: With Biden's open border we're not only beginning to feel like a third world country, we're getting third world diseases too. Now first it was that measles outbreak at migrant shelters in Chicago, more than 55 cases. Now, the same city, the shelters are reporting multiple TB cases. Thanks, newcomers. Now on that TB issue, the Chicago Department of Public Health insists it's just a small number.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RAYMOND LOPEZ (D), CHICAGO ALDERMAN: This is a crisis we could have avoided just like with the measles, if we had simply instituted the American standard of vaccines upon all of those migrants being shipped to the city of Chicago. Many of these individuals come with children they are in our schools, and all of those vaccination requirements that our kids are responsible for, are waived for the migrant asylum seeker children.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now Dr. Marc Siegel, Fox News Medical Contributor. Dr. Siegel, whether it's not having to show real ID to board planes, or in this case, not having to have immunizations for schools, there seems to be disparate treatment, American citizens one standard, illegal immigrants another how dangerous could this get?DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: This is pretty dangerous. And I knew it was only a matter of time, Laura, before we're talking about tuberculosis. He's talking about giving vaccine preventable measles, giving a vaccine. But for TB, we don't have an effective vaccine. And what we do for legal immigrants is we screen them. My grandfather coming into Ellis Island in the early 20th century, they felt his throat for tuberculosis as it manifests that way. We don't even do that.Illegal migrants are coming across the border, there's no way to screen them. Now. Chicago Department of Health is trying to reassure you saying 10 percent to 20 percent of the people coming from Central America have latent tuberculosis, don't worry, that's not the infectious kind.Well, here's what they're not telling you. Up to 20 percent of those convert to infectious overtime, up to 20 percent. And if you're in a migrant shelter, and you're huddled close together with close contact, and you come across someone with tuberculosis, your chances of getting it are pretty high and they're seeing sporadic cases throughout Chicago right now.One other point about that is guess what else there is in Central America and South America, drug resistant tuberculosis, about 20 percent of cases because they undertreated. So, if you get that in one of these shelters in Chicago or in the environs around that, you end up much sicker because we need more and more drugs to treat it. This is a growing problem, and it's directly linked to this issue of illegal immigration.INGRAHAM: Well, what I find hilariously depressing about this is that during COVID, you had five masks on, but now because they're desperately fanatical about an open border, they must keep the border open. They'll just throw all those concerns about health right out the window. Right. I mean, again, two standards, Americans one, people flooding the country totally different.SIEGEL: And that shows you how it's all politicized, doesn't it? If it was actually medical, you wouldn't have two standard, you'd be a Democrat saying, hey, I'm an infectious disease specialist. I'm worried about tuberculosis. I'm worried about -- I'm worried about measles. I'm worried about chickenpox. I'm worried about sexually transmitted diseases. By the way, big influx of syphilis now, and not to mention, they're only starting to worry now a little because they're being busted Democrat cities, right. They didn't care about Texas at all, with the Texas hospitals being overwhelmed with these that's been going on for years.INGRAHAM: Dr. Siegel, always great to see you. Thank you.SIEGEL: Great to see you.INGRAHAM: All right. She calls herself the super mayor, but the rest of the United States know Tiffany Henyard as well, America's worst mayor and now Dolton, Illinois residents, they're fed up finally with their antics.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They say that you are the worst mayor in America. I agree. You have disgraced this village. You really have.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Typically stole money from a cancer foundation. How dare you? How dare you feel that helps you with your campaign? How dare you steal from us? So, get out, leave. We don't want you here.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now Trace Gallagher, Fox News Chief Breaking News Correspondent. Host of Fox News At Night. Trace, twice in one week, I get to sit with you. This is so exciting. Now, this was -- I love this story because the resident said, enough and the passion comes through and what did it finally take to make that revolt?TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS AT NIGHT HOST: How much time do you have and the list --INGRAHAM: Yes. This is her though.GALLAGHER: And her duties is both the mayor, and the town council Tiffany Henyard is making just under $300,000 meaning that she is making more in the town of Dolton, Illinois, population 20,000, than the governor of Illinois. On top of that she's being accused of using city funds for personal trips including first class airfare, professional hair and makeup people and a personal security detail.Henyard already acknowledges the town budget has a $2 million deficit and some believe it could be as much as 5 million and because of that many city contractors have not been paid for a very long time. We're talking about hundreds of thousands of dollars. Henyard is also accused over retaliating against a former employee because of sexual harassment allegations and we should note, Laura, the longer this goes on, the bolder Tiffany Henyard becomes in this.INGRAHAM: Can we get some of those residents to come out here to LA and work on the George Gascon problem and some of the other issues that we have here?GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean that's the whole thing is they tried to recall her, right. They have struggled to try and get her out. They have tried to recall her, but the successful recall vote against her was overturned on a technicality. The town board also passed a motion to investigate Henyard just of city money, but Mayor Henyard vetoed that motion, nice to be the mayor, right.Although, we should mention the FBI is currently looking into Henyard's charity for using taxpayer funds for personal expenses and when the town showed up in force for a town council meeting, Henyard just locked the door, locked the public out.Tiffany Henyard says this is all happening because of course she's a woman. Now they might get her out, but it's not going to be easy. We're going to have a legal look at this tonight on Fox News.INGRAHAM: What I love though about this is that this is a boulder going down the hill, it's picking up moss, right? And unlike here in LA, these people are not going to stop until she's out, they're not stopping. Those residents and she say, she's a woman, they're all women out there saying get out.GALLAGHER: Yes, that's exactly right. And they've got -- they've got some law enforcement now on their side. So, it's going to go smoother.INGRAHAM: All right --GALLAGHER: It's still going to --INGRAHAM: Sam, our producer love this story. And now, I completely agree with you, Sam. You're right. This is a great story, but only also great because I get to see Trace.GALLAGHER: It's great stuff. Thank you. Great to see you in the last --INGRAHAM: We'll be tuning in tonight. Trace, thanks so much.GALLAGHER: Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right, coming up, Kid Rock reacts to the media's new attack on Trump's playlist. But first, DEI goes from obnoxious to downright dangerous. The latest example, that's going to cost lives, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Homelessness kills. We can't be free anywhere until the settler land we're standing on is free. This trauma continues to kill because Mama Earth is considered a commodity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Is that a joke? Is that a real -- oh yeah, that's not a joke. That's Lisa Tiny Gray Garcia. Gray hyphen Garcia. She's the activist in residence at UCLA, which is right down the road here in Los Angeles. And last week if you were a first-year med student on campus, you had to listen to more of that nonsense during a mandatory course on structural racism.Ms. Gray Garcia reportedly began the lecture by instructing students to touch the floor, she refers to Mama Earth, with a fist while she made a non-secular prayer to Mama Earth and our ancestors. Now some students were so disturbed by this they actually did complain to their professors. But this DEI obsession in the medical field, it's more than comedy gold. It's actually dangerous. So, consider this madness.In Massachusetts, some hospitals now will no longer file neglect reports for babies born with drugs in their system because those reports disproportionately affect women of color. Yeah, that's not the Babylon Bee. That's real.Joining me now, Dr. Marilyn Singleton, board-certified anesthesiologist and senior fellow at Do No Harm. Also with me, Xaviaer Durousseau, Prageru personality and former Black Lives Matter activist.Dr. Singleton, we're supposed to be impressed because the Association of American Medical Colleges just penned this op-ed in the journal saying that neglecting DEI in medical education somehow jeopardizes the quality of patient care. Do you agree?DR. MARILYN SINGLETON, SENIOR FELLOW, DO NO HARM: Absolutely not. And you said earlier in your show about the Orwellian changing of words. There was a time when diversity meant meeting others and learning about other cultures and other people. And it did help us be better doctors.But this new DEI includes segregation, so many resentments among doctors, among patients, and it's eroding the trust that for years, as they call it, divergent doctors and patients have trusted each other. Divergent doctors have worked with each other all to the benefit of the patient, and they're trying to erase that now.INGRAHAM: Xavier, I've been hearing about this from my friends in the medical field, doctors in Boston. It's wild what's happening in med schools. They spend a lot of time on transgenderism and gender dysphoria, you know, the de-transitioning process. I mean, you might as well think the whole medical school is about that by the time they get through with it.But what does this tell you about where we are in a society where life-and- death decisions and merit is kind of -- it's not the primary concern for some.XAVIAER DUROUSSEAU, PRAGERU PERSONALITY: It's showing that America is not learning our lesson. How many times does it have to be apparent to us that DEI as the focus is not helping anybody. I mean, is this a groundbreaking concept that medical students should be learning how to actually practice medicine?Or better yet, our medical students should be preparing for the next time that China gets into a silly, goofy mood and decides to make a global virus that leaks out of their lab and comes and destroys our way of life. But no, that's too much to ask for.Instead, we are teaching our medical students to worship racism, and in this case, Mother Earth.INGRAHAM: Oh no, that was the best. She was wrapped up like a mummy in that outfit, too. I wasn't sure what that was all about. We should ask if we could just audit that class next time, Xaviaer. I'm sure UCLA would be great with that.All right, the media is buying, Dr. Singleton. They're buying this narrative on DEI lock, stock, and barrel. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Diversity training and diversity in medical recruitment helps counter the well-documented biases that contribute to worse health outcomes for certain populations. Having doctors of different races and ethnic backgrounds, and doctors who are trained to consider diversity and racial disparities is literally of life-and-death importance.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, Dr. Singleton, take it away.SINGLETON: I tell you I don't know who has instructed these people. And it's bizarre to me that people who have nothing to do with medicine are somehow predicting what's going to make a good doctor. There have been good doctors for years. And yes, I'm not denying that there have been some missteps, things like the Tuskegee experiment, but you can't keep pointing to that. That's not all doctors. And all patients just want a good doctor.Are you going to have patients turning down a kidney transplant from a person of a different race? I don't think so. And this is just trying to make we, physicians, tools of government social engineers. That's not why we became doctors. That's not why these poor students are going to medical school. They're going to medical school to learn some science.And way back when, before all this lingo and rhetoric, there was something called a social history. It's part of your medical history. And what did you ask in social history? You asked about people's living circumstances. Did they have family, health, etc.? That's how you learned about patients. And you treated them like an individual.INGRAHAM: People. Yeah, people --SINGLETON: And if we lose that, we're doomed.INGRAHAM: Well, it's not just medical school. Xaviaer, this insulting giant, McKinsey, has been one of the biggest peddlers of the DEI nonsense, but a recent report concluded that it's actually complete garbage. McKinsey studies neither conceptually nor empirically support the argument that large U.S. public firms can expect, on average, to deliver improved financial performance if they increase the racial and ethnic diversity of their execs.Xaviaer, again, color-coding employment, and whether it's in finance or medicine or being a pilot, we just want the best of the best.DUROUSSEAU: That's exactly right. We want the best of the best. Why can we not just pursue talent and those who have the skill sets to be the best? Like, you might have industries that are doing better because they're more diverse, but that's because there's more talented people there, not because you went out of your way to go find Fifty Shades of Brown to be in your company.I assure you that if you just prioritize skill sets the same way that you would do if there were all --INGRAHAM: Professional sports teams. It's all about merit, as it should be.DUROUSSEAU: Exactly.INGRAHAM: I mean, let's take that same. They understand talent, and they understand how to cultivate it and find it. Dr. Singleton, Xaviaer, thank you both.All right, ahead, the new eye-popping amount that a parent out there may have to fork over for just one year of college for your child. Mike Rowe is here next to react.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Some private colleges are now costing as much as $95,000 per year, tuition, room and board, books, all that. What middle-class family can afford that, especially in Biden's economy? And that's why young people are beginning to look for other ways to make money. Some are moving to the trades.According to the National Student Clearinghouse, students enrolled in vocational-focused community colleges rose 16 percent last year. Students studying construction trades rose 23 percent since 2018. HVAC, vehicle maintenance, repair, that increased 7 percent.Joining me now, Mike Rowe, host of How America Works, Dirty Jobs, and CEO of the Mike Rowe Works Foundation. Mike, now you were predicting this for quite some time. I think the cost of a lot of these contractors is shocking to Americans who can't fix a toilet by, you know, by themselves.But is this a good sign for the country that kids are actually saying, wait a second, what makes most sense?MIKE ROWE, HOW AMERICA WORKS HOST: Well, it might be a little early for a victory lap, but if I were inclined to take one, I would, looking at those numbers. We've been at this for 16 years, specifically trying to rationally talk about the cost of a four-year degree, which incidentally has increased faster than the cost of energy, food, real estate. Nothing in the history of Western civilization has got more expensive more quickly than that thing.And yet, even with 10 million open positions, most of which don't require a four-year degree, but training, we have still been pushing hard and applying an extraordinary amount of pressure on a lot of people to take that path.So, the unintended consequences of painting with a broad brush were self- evident. And the ship, it's like a tanker slowly turning in the ocean, but it is turning. Those data are real-clear, and it's ironic in a lot of ways that it's Gen Z who's looking around and saying, no man, too much. Too boku.INGRAHAM: Well, the free money in terms of some assistance people get, which, you know, is great for some people, but it also unnecessarily inflates, I think, the enrollment a lot of these colleges. Government money and -- I mean, it allows colleges to be really fat in terms of bureaucracies.They grow their, you know, their administrative costs by 38 percent in a five-year period, and not need it at all. It's a job program, college bureaucrats.ROWE: If you look at the ratio in the Ivy League of administrators to students, it's shocking. It's so far and away it surpasses anything you'd find in the hospitality business. I mean, it's just bananas.But again, people are starting to realize that the diploma that's been hanging on their wall is really a receipt. And there was a time when it was easy to equate knowledge with the diploma, but now you have to look at it in terms of its cost.And the other thing you said that is super interesting, inflation is in the headlines, but there's another kind of inflation going on. It's credential inflation. And at Harvard, in 1955, the average graduate, graduated with a GPA of 2.55. Today it's 3.98.INGRAHAM: Oh, yeah.ROWE: So, you know --INGRAHAM: It's insane. All right.ROWE: You can conclude any number of things from it, but there's no denying the fact that it's still expensive.INGRAHAM: And Mike can fix anything. He doesn't have to hire the crazy people that I love, but I have to hire. Mike, you're the best. Great to see you.All right, the maniacs in the media have a new issue to attack Trump over. Yeah, it's his music. Kid Rock reacts, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The former president's after-dinner DJ sessions include his favorites played at a high volume and same vibe at his rallies. He controls the playlist, disregarding advisors regarding topic, tone, or volume.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, this is just getting funny. Now, they tried indicting him, they tried defaming him, they tried to bankrupt him, they tried calling him a traitor, and now the little influencers online are even attacking Trump because of his favorite songs, his playlist.Now, some nights at Mar-a-Lago, the president likes to play DJ, blow off a little steam. I've been there when he does it. It's actually pretty funny. Not that I haven't teased him on some of his choices, but that's the fun of it. So, Axios wants you to think this is all a bad thing because no one can have fun except the liberals, right?They write, after dinner he'll open his iPad and play the hits. Sometimes it's so loud that people have trouble talking. Trump spinning through his golden oldies provides a telling lens into his style on a much-bigger stages. It captures his obsession with a few familiar hits, controlling the volume, never changing.Joining me now is someone who knows a little bit about music and playlists, my old buddy, Kid Rock. All right, Bobby, it's good to see you tonight.We're going to talk about your new tour in a minute.KID ROCK, MUSICIAN: Are you really doing a story on this?INGRAHAM: Well, you were going to come on, so I had to think of something. Now, this is my favorite part of this piece, and I know you love making fun of these people. His excitement never fades. He seems like a kid with a new toy every time he turns to that iPad. It feels like the first time he's heard or shared the crooning of Sinatra or the life-hard-lived edge of Johnny Cash.All right, Bobby, they've run out of things. Officially have run out of ways to attack Trump.ROCK: That's exactly how I feel when I play music. Every time I hear one of my favorite songs, whether it's something from 50 years ago or something from two days ago, I come alive. I want to play it again. I want to turn it up.I've been on a golf course with him, you know, a multitude of times, and the iPad has only come into play in the last few years. I'm not for sure, and I don't want to blow up his spot, but I think it's because maybe everyone's talking to him all the time. It's like he just turned up the music a little bit and drowned him out.But man, he's got so many good songs playing, it's like it's a playlist I would play. I've heard House of the Rising Sun. I've even heard Springsteen's songs. You know, Elvis, Elton John, and then there'd be these patriotic tunes or whatever.I would employ him. I think I told him, I said, Mr. President, I said, you know what you should do? You should just play the Star-Spangled Banner, a different version of it, over and over and over again, so we could just watch liberal tears fall like rain.INGRAHAM: Oh, my god. He plays Phantom of the Opera, right? Jesus Christ Superstar, Suspicious Minds, Elvis. Hello, by Lionel Richie. He also has Guns and Roses, James Brown, Sinead O'Connor --ROCK: James Brown?INGRAHAM: Yeah, I mean, that's what I'm talking about. And of course, Stones, You Can't Always Get What You Want. So, what do you think of that playlist?ROCK: It's awesome. Freaking the best. And how cool is it he's jamming out to music, having a good time? And by the way, he's playing a lot of artists that probably don't agree with his politics, to put it lightly. But what does that say about him as a man? You know what? Music should be universal. Universal.Music should be universal for all of us to enjoy no matter what and get along in no matter what scenario, whether we're at a wedding dancing, whether we're at a party, whether we're on a golf course or whatever. Music, whatever's good, just rise to the top and we should celebrate it, especially American music.INGRAHAM: I know. And the thing about this is that it's fun. And again, the left feels like they're somehow threatened when other people are having fun and it doesn't involve one of their, you know, pet projects or one of their, you know, whether it's porn, pot, whatever they're into.If you're not agreeing with them politically, you don't deserve to have fun, whether it's at NASCAR or driving a big, you know, pickup truck or -- they feel threatened by that.And so, this is just one way to feel annoyed or threatened that someone like Trump, with everything they've thrown at him, is still able to have a little fun. Why can't people have fun? I thought they were all about fun.ROCK: Man, I think that empty wagons make the most noise. And when all these far-left lunatics and far-right ones are like, always screaming at the top of their lungs, they get the headlines for clicks and views and whatnot. I think most people are pretty -- I think most of us have a smidge of common sense to be able to know, you know, what's good, what's bad, just the basic things in life.And I say, you know, well, how do I say that on the air? I'd say rock out with you. You know what out, just if you like the music, have a good time, like just whatever it is, man. Celebrate life. We're here for a good time, not a long time.INGRAHAM: Now, I see you're wearing a -- is that a Budweiser hat? Like, it was a year ago, right, that you famously posted that video of -- I think he was shooting some light cans after the Dylan Mulvaney controversy. So, you've lightened up on Bud Light?ROCK: This is a cool hat. I don't know. Man, that's just -- man, we got -- we got -- I didn't know what I was wearing. We got bigger targets. I mean, when you look at what -- who just -- Planet Fitness, like what are they doing? Like Ben and Jerry's. I don't want to put any targets on people's back. Target like -- I talked to the dudes from Bud Light or Anheuser Busch, the CEO and the people like, man, they messed up. It's too bad they just won't say it like, hey, we messed up a little bit, you know, whatever.But that's not how they're cut. And, you know, I got my answer. And I don't want to -- I don't want to hurt people's jobs and stuff like that when they don't have any dog in the fight. But there's a whole lot more companies we should be going after for sure.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I tried to make Kid Rock take off his sunglasses, but no luck. Didn't get there. But tomorrow, maybe. Join us tomorrow. We have more from him. That's it for us tonight. Remember, it's America now and forever. Jesse is next.