BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: You know, we try to compete with Greg here, sometimes. Tomorrow is the one-year anniversary of the Russian imprisonment of Evan Gershkovich. We're going to talk with the Wall Street Journal Editor-in-Chief, Emma Tucker. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.WILL CAIN, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Will Cain in for Laura Ingraham, and this is a special edition of The Ingraham Angle from New York City tonight. To the rescue, Barack Obama, the former president is reportedly making near constant calls to the White House. Panic seems to be setting in that Joe Biden is going to lose the election.But it doesn't stop at just phone calls, in minutes, right across the street from where I am right now, Biden will be flanked by not only Barack Obama, but Bill Clinton for a star-studded fundraiser. In fact, let's go live to Radio City Music Hall where Fox's Nate Foy is standing by with the details. Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Will, the energy is rising right now. This fundraiser just 30 minutes away from starting at Radio City Music Hall, where President Joe Biden is there alongside former presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton, tons of money being raised as a result of this fundraiser. The Biden campaign says $25 million tickets to the event are as little as $225 and as much as $0.5 million just to get inside.There's different tiers and you get different things for how much you pay. I'll get into that momentarily. But take a look at our live camera right now. As you can see, this funding boost for the Biden reelection campaign is not coming without some drama. Hundreds of pro-Palestinian protesters have flanked the Radio City Music Hall, where you're looking right now is on Sixth Avenue, where hundreds of protesters are out right now, chanting, you are not welcome, Joe Biden. I'm looking at a sign right now that says defend the Palestinians, defend Gaza, defeat U.S.-Israel genocidal war. We also had this moment moments ago that we captured of the protesters chanting. Listen here.(VIDEO PLAYING)FOY: Will, President Joe Biden landed in New York City today with former President Obama. Tonight's fundraiser comes after months of pressure on Biden for his support of Israel. The main event at tonight's fundraiser will be a conversation between Presidents Biden, Obama, and Clinton moderated by late night talk show host, Stephen Colbert.A picture with all three presidents will cost $100,000 and I mentioned those tiers of entrance. $250,000 and $500,000 tickets will get you into separate private receptions after the main event. The event will be hosted by actress Mindy Kaling, lot of celebrities here. There's going to be musical performances from Queen Latifah as well as Lizzo, starting again at 7:30.But right now, outside, a lot of people are singing very different chants, motivated by a very different opinion of President Joe Biden. We'll send it back to you, Will.CAIN: You know, Nate, they say a picture speaks a 1000 words. That video speaks millions of words. A star-studded celebrity event and $0.5 million a ticket inside -- outside the images on your screen. Thank you so much. Nate Foy.Joining me now is Ari Fleischer, former White House Press Secretary and Ben Domenech, Editor-at-Large of The Spectator. Both are Fox News Contributors. So, Ari, what do you make of this? You see what's happening inside this star-studded event? And you see what's taking place outside the Biden, Obama. Clinton fundraiser?ARI FLEISCHER, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Well, the first thing I make of it is, get ready Republicans, you are going to get out fundraised all year long. The fact of the matter is, Will, the Democrats have become the party of the rich. The Democrats actually defeat Republicans now among those who earn more than $100,000 a year. Those are now Democratic voters. They used to be Republican. Now they're overwhelmingly Democratic voters.And when you look at all the different labor unions, service employee unions, the infrastructure of the Democratic Party, the Super PACs, not to mention the event tonight. Across the board, the Democrats, because of their rich contributors are going to outraise Republicans. Republicans are going to have to work real hard, and it's a wake up shot, a warning to anybody who wants Republicans to win, that they're going to have to contribute. They're going to have to work hard, because the Democrats hold the cards, they've got the advantage.CAIN: I appreciate that analysis, Ari. I don't -- I hope not to be naive of the role of money and donors in politics. But then what we also see on the screen is a problem in the Left flank of the Democratic Party. We know that Joe Biden has very little hope of persuading anyone. I would suggest to the center right of the country, and that leaves independence and that leads I think this poll. Take a look at this on what is Joe Biden's biggest accomplishment over the first four years of his presidency, the number one answer, Ben, nothing.Now that I think speaks to independent spin, I mean, they will try to make an argument that it's the economy. But if everyone is sitting here going, what has he done? Nothing. That's got to play as big of a role as money and donors.BEN DOMENECH, EDITOR-AT-LARGE, THE SPECTATOR: You know, it's a huge problem for them. Ari is right that the Republicans are facing a really daunting task here, because they are going to get out fundraised, they are going to see the big money going to the Democrats, and the fact that, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama are linking arms to save Joe and potentially save Obama's legacy with him, is something of significance,I do think it's kind of desperate for them to be turning to Stephen Colbert and Mindy Kaling. I think that, if they had gone to Radio City a couple of weeks ago, when Shane Gillis was selling it out, they would actually hear some good comedy. But I do think that in this instance, it's a sign of how much they are going to pull out all the stops to try to prevent former President Trump from returning to power. And we shouldn't underestimate it.But that progressive flank that you mentioned, that's a real problem for them. And it's one that they're very scared of, you can see it in the images that you see out there in the streets. These are not people who are going to be won back easily. And it's why this White House has been tying itself in knots over the Israel issue over the past several weeks in ways that have put them in impossible situations, really, because they are saying one thing publicly, one thing behind the scenes, John Kirby is trying to spin on their behalf.CAIN: Right.DOMENECH: And I don't think that it's actually working, I think they really are putting themselves in a bad position.CAIN: So, Ari, back to you on this -- so let's -- let's talk about what that money -- how that money could be used. So, the Biden administration, I think, has now three years of convincing the American public that reality is not reality that they want to control perception. That's part of the fight against misinformation. But they also need to create an alternative reality. We hear them talking about the economy. It seems to be leaning on deaf ears, by the way, take a look at this poll as well, asking people if they feel better off than they were four years ago, overwhelming answer there again is no, people do not feel better off.In fact, they feel 52 percent worse off than they did four years ago. But that money will be designed to again, try to control people's minds, try to control perception, Ari.FLEISCHER: Well, it will be used in the billion-dollar campaign that Joe Biden is promising, which will dwarf anything that Donald Trump is going to be able to put together to convince the American people that that which they know, that which they feel, that which they measure at their dinner table, rising rents, rising food, all those things that they touch tangibly are wrong.CAIN: Right.FLEISCHER: That the economy is actually really good, the economy is getting better, and costs are coming down. They're going to try to fool just enough people to win their votes for Joe Biden to win. You know, that's what any campaign does political campaign, you spend money to convince the voters that you need to get. And they're going to get a huge boost in that, Will, from the media.You can already see that the media loves to run up the stories about saying the economy is much better than people think. And that people are better off now than they were four years ago, even though polling shows that most people think they're not. So, between the money they raise, the media boost they get this is the heart of Joe Biden trying to claw his way back to the White House. Hopefully, in his opinion, trying to beat Donald Trump, and that's where the money will go.CAIN: I think what we're seeing with this marshaling of celebrities and the inclusion of Obama and Clinton is they're going to attempt to make this election about something other than Joe Biden. Ari, Ben, thank you guys so much for being on The Ingraham Angle.All right, the Three Musketeers weren't the only presidents in New York today. President Trump, he also dropped by. But this time, it wasn't for a celebrity filled fundraiser. He came to pay his respects to NYPD officer Jonathan Diller, who was shot and killed during a traffic stop earlier this week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This should never happen. I just visited with a very beautiful wife that now doesn't have her husband. Stephanie was just incredible, their child brand new, beautiful baby sitting there, innocent as can be that doesn't know how his life has been changed. But the Diller family will, you'll never be the same. You can never be the same and we have to stop it. We have to stop it. We have to get back to law and order.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Well, it probably comes as no surprise to you since its happened on Democrat-led city that the suspects in this crime are career criminals. Guy Rivera, the accused gunman has 21 prior arrests, nine of them felonies, his buddy, he was in the car with him also has a lengthy rap sheet including attempted murder in 2002.So, joining me now is Joe Borelli, Minority Leader of the New York City Council and Joe Gamaldi, National Vice President of the Fraternal Order of Police. Joe, you were by the way an officer -- you were at the time. Officer Diller was -- this was -- killing was happening. And this wake was taking place. We have this celebrity filled event with Joe Biden and Barack Obama. What do you think that message is to New Yorkers tonight as you see the different choices by the two candidates for president?JOE GAMALDI, VICE PRESIDENT, FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE NATIONAL: Well, I've got to tell you, I don't think the chasm between Trump and Biden could be any bigger than it is right now on this issue. While President Trump is out there loudly and proudly supporting law enforcement, condemning the violence against us, calling for law and order and showing up at that officer's wake to pay his respects to Officer Diller. President Biden's on the other side of town meeting for fundraisers and he can't even put out a statement to condemn the violence against law enforcement.And to make it even worse is he has his press secretary who is an embarrassment, by the way, won't even have the common decency to say Officer Diller's name at the press conference. They don't contend the violence against law enforcement. They just talk quickly about gun laws, but they failed to mention that this suspect, this monster had just been picked up on a gun charge months prior and released, thanks to New York's revolving door criminal justice system. This officer should be alive and with us today because the system failed him. And that press conference was a smack in the face to every law enforcement officer in this country,CAIN: You brought up KJP, Karine Jean-Pierre. So, I'll got to Joe Borelli. You know, she had some things to say in addition to neglecting to mention the officer's name. She had some things to say about why this happened. Joe, it wasn't by the way about recidivism. It wasn't about policies in New York City. She blamed this for crime in New York. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Look, our hearts go out to this officer who tragically lost his life in the line of duty. We're also praying for his family during this difficult time, who now has an empty seat at their dinner table. President Biden is deeply grateful for the sacrifices police officers make to keep our community safe. This shooting is yet another painful reminder of the toll of gun violence, that what it's -- what it's doing to inflict on families, in our communities, in our nation.And that's why the President signed more than two dozen executive actions. That's why we're able to pass a bipartisan agreement to deal with the gun violence that we're seeing in this country. Obviously, more work needs to be done. We need Congress to continue to act.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: So, while yesterday, Joe Borelli, she neglected to mention the name of Jonathan Diller, she did so today. And as you just heard, she also laid the blame for what's happening in New York and other cities across this country on guns, I should say, Joe, she also blamed it on Donald Trump.JOE BORELLI (R), NYC COUNCIL MINORITY LEADER: I don't know what Donald Trump has to do with anything of this. Certainly no one watching doesn't believe that he cares very much for law enforcement officers. But going back to what she said about guns, you can pass every gun law in the country and New York has pretty much tried. But when people like the driver and the perpetrator of this incident are already arrested for crimes, including weapons possession, including attempted murder, and you're not prosecuting those people, it doesn't matter whether Joe Biden signed 20 or 30, or 300 executive orders on illegal guns, it doesn't matter.The truth of the matter is, Will is that there is one institution in this country at the state, local and national level that has done everything it can to posture itself against law enforcement and to empower criminals. That institution is the Democratic Party. And people need to wake up going into November of 2024 and be cognizant that their choice really does matter whether we're going to stand and back the blue, or whether we're going to embolden these pro-criminal Democrats for another four years.CAIN: You know Joe, and I think their choices today on where they chose to spend their time also makes that very clear for the voter. You're both named Joe. So, I have to reference both of your names. So, I'll go back to you, Joe Gamaldi here at the end in helping to make that choice so clear. Joe Biden today tweeted out a video comparing himself with Donald Trump. He said the following. I'll tell you this.There's a difference between the two candidates in this election. It's what we're talking about. I would hope that difference is not just noticeable to New Yorkers, but to America.GAMALDI: Yes, Will, I think it's very clear. We're at a fork in the road and down one fork is law and order, and the other one is chaos and disorder, and Americans are really going to have to make a decision. Do we want a continuing war on cops that saw 378 police officers shot last year? Do we want to continue to see record homicide numbers to the tune of over 20,000 for three years straight? We haven't seen those numbers since the mid-1990s. There is a very clear choice on this ballot. And we have to decide what kind of future we want America.Do we want prosperity? Do we want our urban communities to thrive? Because right now, the exact opposite is happening. We are going to lose our urban communities for a generation. And it's all thanks to revolving door criminal justice system policies. Rogue D.A.s and activist judges and it's time we get ourselves back on track.CAIN: All right, Joe Gamaldi, Joe Borelli, thank you both so much. All right, just one thing I bet Joe Biden won't bring up tonight's fundraiser, it's the 2000 strong caravan heading toward our border. Those details, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: While Biden is palling around in Manhattan with Lizzo, Stephen Colbert, he -- the threats of invasion continued to grow out of out of southern border. New warnings that a caravan of 2000 illegal immigrants is marching toward the United States, their destination reportedly, El Paso, the same place you saw a video last week from the New York Post showing a mob of illegal immigrants rushing our border.Joining me now with the reaction is Independent Journalist Auden Cabello and Brandon Judd, President of the National Border Patrol Council, I want to start with you, Auden, you've covered this crisis. You've covered these caravans; you've traveled back and forth from the United States to Mexico. And one of the things that strikes me, Auden, and I'd love your perspective, having covered this firsthand is the entitlement toward illegally immigrating towards the United States of America.I'm looking at a video which we cannot play, but I can share with you what was said by one of these activists, caravan activist who said because the United States cannot control their border, we as the activist, are persecuted.And then, Auden, it also made me think about the Mexican President. And I don't know if you saw this, but the Mexican President, when looking at the tragedy in Baltimore, with the collapse of a bridge said, migrants go out and do risky jobs at midnight. That's true. And for this reason, they do not deserve to be treated as they are by certain political or politicians here in the United States. But the entitlement of that hard work and the entitlement of an entry into the United States when you're doing something illegally to get to the United States, Auden.AUDEN CABELLO, INDEPENDENT JOURNALIST: Yes, Will, I will say this about the caravans, which I've been monitoring for years, and there's mainly two activist leaders in Irineo Mujica and Luis Villagran that have organized and that these caravans both currently under investigation by the Mexican government. And in this case, this caravan which ballooned up to 3000 does not have a leader and that's because Luis Villagran being under investigation, that judge ordered him not to leave Tapachula.So, this caravan is slowly disintegrating because they don't have a leader. They're not joined by any UN agencies, NGOs, the Red Cross, or any activist leaders. So now what's happening is they are targeting Juares, El Paso and one of the reasons could be because of the breach we saw last week.CAIN: Right.CABELLO: They're avoiding Piedras Negras and Eagle Pass for now, because even though what the state of where we live is currently having local and state elections, they also have operations going on board. They're not letting them board on the freight train. That's how they were arriving to this border town and crossing into Eagle Pass. And then you also have Governor Abbott fortifying Shelby Park and making it harder for these illegal immigrants to cross into Eagle Pass.And on the other hand, I've also documented how secretaries Blinken and Mayorkas traveled to Mexico and met with the AMLO officials back in December. And since then, there's been operations in Northern Mexico prohibiting migrants to easily cross into the U.S. And what many have questioned is what was that in that agreement we're now -- Lopez Obrador feels empowered to demand of the U.S. certain rights for Mexican illegals that have been in the U.S., and also for those that are wanting to come into the United States illegally.So, all this is into question. There's a lot happening on the Mexican side. And we're monitoring the situation as it happens.CAIN: Auden, Luis Villagran, one of the two leaders, and that's fascinating perspective about the role that just a few leaders play in organizing these caravans. That quote I read was from the Luis Villagran, who you just referenced.Brandon, great to have you with us tonight. You heard Auden, right there talking about this being pushed towards El Paso, the funnel. I mean, it's hard to escape the fact that's where we just saw that video of a bum rush at the border. You know, from your perspective, how do you control by the way, we'll see if this arrives at 3000. I mean, Auden just said it's dispersing to some extent, but you saw the effect of a couple 100. You can see it on your screen now from The New York Post. Thousands. So, how do you control that, Brandon?BRANDON JUDD, BORDER PATROL AGENT: Yes, oftentimes, we're simply overwhelmed. This happens on a very regular basis, we're lucky that this was actually caught on camera so that the American public can see it. But this is not unusual. We are regularly overwhelmed by the number of people that cross the borders illegally. But when they bum rush like that, what you have to do is you have to consider a riot situation, you have to deploy pepper gun, you have to deploy less than lethal -- less than lethal and that's exactly what Texas DPS is gearing up to do right now.I spoke with government officials in Texas today and they said that they're preparing for this caravan to come up. But Will, the truth is, is we're dealing with a caravan every single day. We're dealing with 5000 illegal border crossers every single day.CAIN: Right, right.JUDD: So, we see this. We're regularly overwhelmed, and we just don't have the resources to deal with it and it doesn't matter if you give us resources. It's not a resource issue. It's a policy issue.CAIN: Brandon, before we go, and I've got to go, but I haven't seen you in a little while. And this story just incredibly bothers me, the story of the border patrol officers who were defamed by Joe Biden in the White House administration as men who whipped Haitian migrants, he might have used the word strapped. I just want to ask you to follow up. Are those -- where are those men that were defamed today? Are they employed? Are they deployed into the field? Where are they today?JUDD: They are, they are. We were able to exonerate two of them completely. But they had to undergo that investigation. That investigation was a sham investigation. It found that they did -- that they were wrong in certain aspects. Our attorneys were able to show that they did nothing wrong. We have the third that we're going to take to arbitration because unfortunately that individual was in fact disciplined.CAIN: They were accused of being basically inhumane, racist, and in through imagery suggested they were like plantation slave owners. They were defamed, and I don't want the news or anyone else to allow that story to just fade away into the background with some semblance of justice for having your character destroyed by the White House. Brandon Judd, Auden Cabello, thank you both for being with us tonight.All right, does Trump's team have a good chance of getting the Georgia election interference case tossed, our legal experts weigh in after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: A disgraced crypto bro, Sam Bankman-Fried today learned his fate after being convicted of one of the biggest financial fraud schemes in history. Fox Business correspondent Kelly O'Grady is here with all the details, Kelly?KELLY O'GRADY, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: That's right, Will, so 25 years that is the penalty for the former crypto king. The defense tried to argue that Sam Bankman-Fried's vegan diet, his lack of social skills warrant a lesser prison time. That fell on deaf ears today though, so he will serve out that sentence in a medium security prison in San Francisco. That is the recommendation.I want to share a statement from U.S. Attorney Damian Williams on the news today. He said quote, his deliberate and ongoing lies demonstrated a brazen disregard for customers' expectations and disrespect for the rule of law. Also that he could secretly use his customers money to expand his own power and influence. Now the judge really zeroed in on that power and influence point today, hammering home how SBF used customer money on political donations.He pointed to it as a reason he didn't believe SBF's good boy crypto act. There was also a lot of focus today on harm. Now the defense argued there's none given customers are expected to get all their money back through the bankruptcy process. The judge completely rejected that. He held SBF responsible for $8 billion in customer losses and another $3 billion for investors and lenders.I will note, New York law. It's all about intent here. It's not actual loss. Surprisingly, we also heard from SBF. He said he was sorry, he made a lot of bad decisions. But he never admitted fault. There was just such a lack of remorse today. Now his legal team does intend to appeal, that will likely be up next. But Will, a lot of people are saying 25 years when the max could have been 110. That seems like not a lot.But I will tell you from legal experts, I'm speaking to when someone is 32, like SBF is that is basically throwing the book at him. So not a lot of people believe that good boy crypto act in the end. I'll send it back to you.CAIN: I just want to say what does it say about America's elite that a vegan diet and a lack of social skills would suggest you to have a hard time in prison. But you can become a billionaire in the crypto finance world with that very same set of quirks. I don't know what that says about the elite, but it sounds like it's worse than prison. Kelly, thank you so much.Now to Georgia where the Trump team was back in court fighting to get election interference charges brought against him by Fani Willis dropped.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE SADOW, ATTORNEY FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP: It's unconstitutional to force an accused be it the president of the United State -- former President or anyone else to stand trial on protected speech.DONALD WAKEFORD, PROSECUTOR, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE: It's not just that he lied over and over and over again, it's that each of those was employed as part of criminal activity, with criminal intentions.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Joining me now Sol Wisenberg, former deputy independent counsel and Fox News Contributor and Mike Davis, former law clerk for Justice Gorsuch and the Founder and President of Article III Project. So Mike, we heard the arguments today in front of the judge and the defense made the argument, this is protected First Amendment political speech. Now the prosecution is making the argument no, no, no, it's part of a conspiracy, a criminal conspiracy.And it seems to me that that all comes down to some ability to prove knowing or intent that whatever was said, the speaker in this case Donald Trump in his -- in his -- his fellow defendants knew what they were saying was false.MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER & PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: Well yeah, there's Fulton County DA Fani Willis charged Trump and 18 others with a RICO conspiracy. But the problem is it is not illegal to object to a presidential election. It is -- it's allowed by the Electoral Count Act of 1887. Democrats objected to Republican wins in 1968, 2000, 2004 and 2016.We don't see Al Gore and John Kerry and Hillary Clinton in prison. It's also protected by the First Amendment to object to a presidential election. The only place in the world where it's illegal to object to a presidential election is place -- is a place like China and North Korea, and now Washington, DC and Atlanta.CAIN: But free speech, political speech, the First Amendment Sol, that's at the core of so many of these cases. That's not just the core of the Georgia case. That's the Jack Smith case, as well as the quote unquote, insurrection case in Washington DC.SOL WISENBERG, FMR DEPUTY INDEPENDENT COUNSEL: That's what I find disturbing about these cases. You know, basically, it's clear that they must have looked, I'm talking about particularly in DC, they must have looked at the seditious conspiracy statute, they must have looked at the incitement statute and realized precisely because of strong 70 year tradition of First Amendment law, free speech law that it would have been virtually impossible to convict former President Trump.And so they've gone on these other theories that compare perilously close to convicting somebody and indicting them based on a thought crime, saying, in essence, you claimed you won the election when we know that you really knew you lost the election. So I think it's a pretty flimsy theory. But I think it's going to be very difficult to knock these motions out at this stage in the proceedings, even though Steve, I thought Steve Sadow, Trump's lawyer did a -- did a phenomenal job today.CAIN: Right. You're referencing in Georgia. This is a pre-trial argument. It's probably still going to go to fact finding within a trial. But -- but real quick Sol, to your point, it all feels very flimsy. And it is flimsy if we presume that the end result is supposed to be justice in a courtroom. But I've been of the opinion, the process is the punishment.Dragging him into a courtroom for all these various cases in and of itself becomes the punishment.WISENBERG: Absolutely, absolutely. As the prosecutors are want to say, even when they lose a case, you didn't do the time but you took the ride.CAIN: Right. Right. It's -- it's also that way in civil trials as well. It's like -- it's like when people settle out of court. I don't want to deal with the punishment. That is the process of our justice system. Mike, quick, left hand turn here but a case that caught my attention. The Justice Department or is it -- yeah, they they've asked Google to turn over the viewers of a video.Report sent from Forbes say the Feds ordered Google to reveal the identities of certain viewers to track down some who were suspects for buying Bitcoin for cash. Here's -- here's what -- this is the description of their report. Undercover agent sent links of YouTube tutorials to a user, then ask Google for the information of who had viewed the videos, it had been watched, like 30,000 times. They want names, address, telephone numbers and users of Google account activity.They wanted the IP address of those who didn't have a Google account and watch the videos. A, it sounds like entrapment Mike but B, it's not even about what you say anymore. It's about what you hear and what you see.DAVIS: This is troubling. I mean, it sounds like an illegal unconstitutional general warrants. If you want to have the government get information from people, you go to a court with particularized information, particular allegations that a crime has been committed or probable cause that a crime has been committed. And I don't see that in this particular instance.CAIN: Did -- forget the judicial system for a moment. The cultural climate that an antagonistic to free speech seems to be for me, a watermark here. A moment in American history. Sol, Mike, thank you so much.All right. Instead of locking up bad guys, California is going after a 102- year old man in a wheelchair. Find out why, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: Congratulations California, you just made history. In-N-Out Burger just closed its first location ever and it's due to crime.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It really is unfortunate that like it has to close and there really isn't much that they could do about it but like you know a lot of people want to eat In-N-Out.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In-N-Out says the closure comes on the heels of waves of car break-ins, property damage, theft and robberies affecting both customers and employees.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: So it's one last piece of evidence in the nationwide debate between Whataburger, In-N-Out and Shake Shack. But instead of worrying about that debate or the closure of an In-N-Out, California is cracking down on a different crime. Oakland is going after this man. Victor Silva Sr. He's 102 year old and he's wheelchair bound.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Earlier this month he got a violation citation from the city of Oakland to remove it by Tuesday, the 19th or face an $1,100 fine plus an additional $1,277 for each failed reinspection.VICTOR SILVA SR., 102-YEAR OLD CALIFORNIA RESIDENT : I've done something crazy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In his younger years before the wheelchair he often painted over the graffiti himself.SILVA: Had a roller and a big (inaudible).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's hard to keep up with it because as soon as we get it painted, it's going to be graffiti on it again and it won't last.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: So that man is facing fines. The 102-year old, soon to be 103-year old, instead of the crime that's plugging the state, forcing the closure of one of its most popular restaurants. Joining me now is Victor Davis Hanson, he's a Hoover Institute Senior Fellow. Victor, what do you think this says about the priorities of the state where you live, California?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTE: Well, we have these existential problems will that we either cannot or will not address. And so the government, the bureaucracy, the administrative states compensates by going after the law abiding citizen for minor offenses because they can't address the felonies, and that the real causes that are destroying the state now that that weird asymmetry, they feel psychological redemption, are they doing their job?But what's happening is, they're picking on the middle class and the upper middle class. And remember, 1 percent pays 50 percent of the income tax, and the 5 percent pay 80 percent. And they're leaving at a rate of about 400,000 people a year, given 13.2 income tax and what you just described, and we know what the problem is, you know, it's a classical Roman dilemma when the Romans, the great historian, Livy said, when the medicine is worse than the disease, the civilizations decline.And we know what we have to do, we have to put the homeless in facilities, we've got to go after gangs, we've got to lock people up. If they have three strikes, we have to incarcerate them for a long, long time.We have to produce more energy, we got to build more dams. We all know that. But the very idea that we would try to do that, or close the border and not give $500 million to illegal aliens when we're $76 billion in debt, then we're afraid to do it. We feel that would be contrary, we'd be racist, homophobic, sexist, xenophobic, illiberal, whatever the particular slur smear is, so we don't. We're in -- we're in paralysis. And that's what paralysis does.We go after innocent people, we think they have resources, we'll go, we'll go attack them. And we'll tell everybody we enforce the law, even when gangs are running wild in Oakland, and people are being shot, killed, raped with impunity, but they don't have a clue how to address that because they know what happened if they did.CAIN: It's interesting what you describe, Victor, if I'm understanding correctly, is a form of impotence, at least when it comes to law enforcement. If I can't enforce the big crimes, I'm going to have to exercise my power in small crimes. But there's a lot of us out there Victor, I'm curious, your -- your perspective, hear that it's less impotence and more malevolence. And it's hard not to come away with that conclusion because when you see criminals described as victims and victims described as criminals, it doesn't simply seem impotence, it seems malevolent.DAVIS HANSON: It is, it's a form of bullying. They've got they go after the weak and vulnerable and not the predator and the bully because they're scared. And the same thing applies to the tax. So we have one of the largest black market economies in the world. We have in every corner we have vendors, we have a mobile restaurants, we have swap meets, we have a huge cash economy where thousands of people will not do work, plumbing and electric, unless they are paid in cash.And we don't know how to -- we don't want to address it because we feel it'll be illiberal. So we go after the law abiding taxpayer and keep increasing taxes even as he flees, and we could go across the spectrum, Will but the theme is the same. We always pick on the law abiding person who plays by the rules, and we consider him a chump or a fool or an idiot for doing so.But we pick on him and then we don't -- either we don't want to pick on the person who's breaking the law, or we were afraid to but it creates such a cynicism that people are -- we're in a doom loop now.CAIN: Yeah.DAVIS HANSON: The few -- more people leave them, the worse the problem gets and the more they attack the law abiding citizens to get revenue or to get psychological satisfaction that they're not impotent.CAIN: Fascinating as always. Thank you so much, Victor Davis Hanson. All right, the latest allegations against Music Mogul, Sean Diddy Combs, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: There's been quite a few developments since the raid of Sean Diddy Combs' home. Now Fox News Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke is here with the latest, Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: You know Will, sometimes you hear the expression the walls are closing in and it's basically talk but as it relates to this case with respect to P. Diddy, it's increasingly looked like that actually might be the case.The latest development involving a 25-year old man who is alleged to have been his so called drug mule by the name of Brendan Paul. You see he was arrested on Monday at Opa Locka. Airport, which is near Miami after the Feds intercepted a private plane he was about to board with Diddy. Now he was booked on one count of possession of suspected cocaine and suspected marijuana edibles.Now that arrest and this is important, comes as the Feds continue to closely examine the Music Mogul's homes for materials that they believe will help them investigate a spate of putrid allegations of alleged sexual misconduct, coercion, sex trafficking, rape and exploitation allegedly involving Mr. Combs according to several lawsuits. Those are allegations he vehemently still denies tonight.And yet the headlines will have seemingly been endless of late, including one in which did his ex-girlfriend was allegedly accused of transporting so called Pink cocaine for him. Another claim the rapper allegedly paid an Instagram model for sex work. And yet another link the billionaire music producer to Oscar winning actor Cuba Gooding Jr. and an alleged assault claim. Now keep this in mind, Will, and this will be relevant to you and to a lawyer in training sitting right here, this is all being run out of the SDNY, the Southern District of New York.And as you know, they've got the resources along with Homeland Security Investigations to fashion an extensive and an intensive and dare I say, and exhaustive technological examination of all the materials they have already collected. It could get a lot worse for Mr. Combs before it gets better.CAIN: Well, no doubt. Thank you, Kevin. See if we can make sense of it. Joining me now is Brian Claypool. He's a criminal defense attorney. You know, Brian, this story right now feels a little bit like a constellation of stars. It's hard to know how connected all the various allegations and accusations are.From the civil suits against him, the alleged sexual harassment or sexual assault to the newspaper reports that that that Kevin Corke just shared with us. Do you think that it wouldn't be par for the course that all of these various civil suits would prompt a federal raid? I mean, there's all kinds of civil suits out there. So what's going on with the federal race? Do you think it's connected to all of the rumors and allegations and accusations?BRIAN CLAYPOOL, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Hey Will, great to see you again. Absolutely. I mean, we are seeing a trend will where the civil justice system is intersecting with the criminal justice system. What do I mean by that? It happened in the Bill Cosby case. A deposition led to that criminal trial. Ghislaine Maxwell had her deposition taken in a defamation case. That led to charges and the Epstein scandal.And now you've got four civil lawsuits pending one of them by Cassie Ventura former girlfriend, she has salacious allegations. Rod Johnson there with -- with horrible allegations. That's leading to these investigations. That's a new, profound fact that's coming from this. But look, at the end of the day, Will, I've worked on a lot of sexual abuse cases. It's usually he said, she said.You need corroborating tangible, reliable evidence to indict somebody and then get a conviction beyond a reasonable doubt. What does that mean? You're going to need videos, you're going to need videos, text messages, flight itinerary, maybe financial records showing that Diddy paid for somebody to travel from one state to another. That's the kind of evidence you need.What you're seeing now are allegations, it's not evidence.CAIN: So really quickly, I want to play a quick, quick clip for you of Usher on Howard Stern. Let's watch him and talk on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)USHER: It was curious. I got a chance to see some things.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, but you were 13. What were you seeing?USHER: I went there to see the lifestyle.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right.USHER: And I saw it. And it was -- and it was -- but I don't know if I could indulge and understand what I was even looking at. It was -- it was pretty wild.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're a dad now. Would you ever send your kid to Puffy camp?USHER: Hell, no.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: But you know, who did go to Puffy camp a lot? Like Justin Bieber. So you think the Feds are looking for essentially videotapes and that sort of evidence?CLAYPOOL: Yeah. Well, not only that, I was actually on a walk the other day and I heard that on Stern show. And I said to myself, guess what? Guess who is going to be probably interviewed? Usher, right, and possibly Justin Bieber, they are potential victims. They're going to ask Usher, what did you see at the Puffy camp. So -- so look, all of these allegations are leading investigators to potential victims. And it will -- we'll see -- we'll see what unfolds from this but -- but -CAIN: Right.CLAYPOOL: But make no mistake, the Feds need actual evidence. Eye witnesses, you bet.CAIN: Yeah, videotapes. All right, Brian Claypool, thank you so much for being with us tonight. Well, that's going to do it for us tonight. I'm Will Cain filling in for Laura Ingraham. Hey, the Will Cain show, it streams live at foxnews.com on the Fox News YouTube channel and Fox News Facebook Page, 12:00 Eastern, every Monday through Thursday.