SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight as Joe Biden continues to deteriorate now right before your eyes one thing does remain constant the president is -- well, no other way to put it, he is a liar. He is not to be trusted ever. We will explain and we have highlights of his most recent and frankly most egregious lies about the border, about his son. Now, he's blaming the nationwide crime wave that he created, of course, on Donald Trump.Also, tonight, we got Biden, Obama, Clinton fundraising. Where was Donald Trump? He was visiting the wake of the slain NYPD officer. We'll have reaction straight ahead.Also, Vivek Ramaswamy will join us with more on Joe's transgender day of visibility proclamation which he denies. No, we actually have a copy of it.Lara Trump will be here to respond to a nasty, vicious, vile attack from the DNC.And the Speaker of the House Mike Johnson has a message for the president who just called him uninformed. We'll see who is uninformed.But, first, let's turn our attention to what is perhaps Joe Biden's most blatant lie of all. Now, yesterday, when millions of Americans were celebrating Easter, which is the holiest holiday in all of Christianity -- well, the White House, they were busy promoting another celebration -- frankly, one they kind of made up. On Easter Sunday, self-proclaimed, devout Catholic, your president, Joe Biden, posted that message right there, quote, today, on transgender day of visibility, I have a simple message to all trans Americans. I see you and you are made in the image of God and you are worthy of respect and of dignity.Now this celebratory message followed an official Biden White House proclamation, quote, I, Joseph R. Biden Jr., by the way, not the alias he used to use in emails, president of the United States of America, to hereby proclaim March 31st, 2024, as Transgender Day of Visibility.At 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Easter now has been replaced or at least at the very least is now forced to share a day with a new holiday that the administration clearly prefers transgender day of visibility on the holiest Christian holiday.Now, the Trump campaign called the move appalling, blasphemous. Other Americans, they were equally outraged. But when the president was harshly criticized for the move -- well, he turned to his favorite tactic of all, he just flat out lied. When asked about his trans holiday proclamation, Biden told the press pool, quote, I didn't do that. Maybe he just didn't remember.In reality, Biden did do that in writing and then reminding everyone with a celebratory post on X and other social media platforms like the one right there on your screen.Now, the White House did avoid any posting of anything that that day in its Spanish language accounts and what appears to be to some a blatant attempt to hide the day from traditional Catholic Hispanic voters where he's bleeding a lot of support.Meanwhile, the -- well, famous White House Easter egg roll, that had to wait until today, the day after Easter. Needless to say, any display of Christianity was all but banned from the Biden White House, even religious themed painted eggs, they were strictly prohibited.You can't make this up, you really can't. This is simply hostility now towards religion. And during his Easter speech, Biden mentioned Jesus how many times? Zero. However, a very confused looking Joe did shuffle out onto the White House lawn for all the festivities but for a president who famously goes to bed early and wakes up late -- well, the early morning start time was quite difficult for Joe.Hunter on the other hand looked pretty wide awake. His father, the big guy really could have borrowed some of that energy. Take a look. You decide.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Enjoy the day and I'm coming down to do that Easter egg roll just a minute. Thank you all so very, very much. Thanks, everybody.And by the way, say, hello to our Easter bunnies. Come on up, bunnies. Get up here they can see you. Come on get in there. Pretty big bunny, huh?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. The slurring, mumbling, bumbling confusion continued during a very friendly interview, oh, with that hard-hitting weatherman Al Roker on his favorite network, NBC News, where only Democrats are allowed to appear. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AL ROKER, NBC NEWS: What is so special about this egg roll?BIDEN: Well, what's so special is just open this is the people's house, and you expect over 40,000 people be here the largest ever, and it just -- we just like open it up the place and let people see this is their place, and it always makes me feel good to look out there and see average Americans just walking around, looking at what's going on because they own it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, that's the best joke could do despite zero tough questions from the Democratic operatives on NBC.Now, of course, the president isn't just a habitual liar, he is also utterly and completely incompetent. And as a result, Biden is losing support from both moderates and his radical pro-Hamas base, for example.By the way, the terrorist sympathizers, they were out in full force on Saturday. Take a look there on your screen. They're interrupting the evening Easter mass at St. Patrick's cathedral in New York City, ultimately even rushing the altar.Here's the worst part, Joe Biden is desperate for their vote. Right on cue, he is rolling out his secret weapon, Vice President Harris, who is now attempting to woo far-left voters with, let's see, calls for ceasefire in Gaza and calls for elections to get rid of the prime minister and the promise of, oh, legalizing weed and drugs and visiting abortion clinics.This White House has drifted far and away from even the days of Bill Clinton. Remember he once said about abortion, it should be legal and rare. But if Kamala's campaign is anything like her time as border czars, I don't think Republicans have much to worry about.Now, another Biden strategy is name-calling. In an effort to beat Donald Trump, Biden is now trying to be more Trump-like, but his nicknames -- yeah, they're pretty lame. He's not a pro at this. For example, so-called broke Don made billions after Truth Social went public.Another desperate Biden strategy for November, they're bringing back Obamacare? Really? Where premiums have skyrocketed since Obamacare, the cost of health care, that's way up, prescription drugs, they're more expensive. Taxes are even higher, and the promise, remember, you can keep your doctor, keep your plan and the average family is going to save $2,500 a year.Well, that was a total lie, millions of Americans lost their doctors, millions lost their plans and on average, Americans are paying over 200 percent more with almost half the country now having only one Obamacare exchange option. Obamacare was just an expansion of Medicaid paid for by anyone that works for a living.Now this all reeks of desperation. They're trying to shore up their base and there are no accomplishments from Biden's presidency to tout. Of course, not.Joe Biden has been a failure. Everybody knows it and if you don't think this is a tipping point election, an inflection point for our country and for the world, in 217 days, you are dead wrong.Anyway, here with reaction to all of this, former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy.How's that -- look, he lied about having conversations with his son and brother and others about foreign business deals. For three years, he said the border was closed and the border is secure. Now, he's saying that the economy is doing great, and now, they're blaming Donald Trump for crime. Is there any -- does the buck stop there at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue ever?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, look, the Affordable Care Act has made healthcare unaffordable. The list continues to go on, Sean.But I think the most insulting thing President Biden did was on Easter, to name that transgender day of disability, that is a slap in the face to every American regardless of their faith. And it's a good example of what's going on in the country, Sean, it's not a tyranny of the majority that rules in the country today. It is a tyranny of the minority, of a fringe minority that's actually in the name of minority rights exercising a new form of cultural and political tyranny on the rest of the country.That's what the Biden presidency represents. That's what the modern left has accomplished, using Biden as their puppet, their vehicle to accomplish it, and we got to see what's actually going on before we solve that problem, and I think hundreds of millions of Americans today are beginning to see through that veneer for what it is. That's how we're going to win this November.HANNITY: By the way, this is just breaking, according to "The Wall Street Journal", Donald Trump secured $175 million bond to guarantee the civil fraud judgment during his appeal, saving him from having his assets and real estate seized. Any reaction to what I believe is a weaponized Department of Justice under Joe Biden. Your reaction?Well, look, I'm -- that's obviously narrowly good news with that as a breaking report you're bringing right now. But it's an example of this weaponized system of justice. Imagine the same shoe fit the other foot what would the media's treatment be? We're not a country where a political party in power and a president weaponizes the justice system to go after his political opponents in the middle of an election, at least that's not what the United States of America is supposed to be. That is the stuff of banana republics.And I am worried, Sean, we are skating on thin ice as a country right now. Donald Trump is the one they're going after today. Well, it can be any American tomorrow. And you know what? We have for 250 years in, protected the dream of our Founding Fathers, setting this country into motion. That's what's at stake right now in this election, is this is a 1776 moment.This isn't one of those elections where it's about increasing or decreasing the tax rate by 1 percent or 2 percent here or there. This is about the basic rules of the road. Do we or don't we believe in free speech? Do we or don't we believe in free and fair elections without interference from a justice system prosecuting opponents in the middle of an election? That's what's at stake this year, and I think that just as our Founding Fathers did 250 years ago, this is a moment for us to remember the basic ideals that this country was founded on. And I think if we do, we can win this election in a decisive landslide that dare I say it unites this country and that's what I'm rooting for Donald Trump to do and Republicans all the way down the ballot to do as well. That's what it's going to take to get this country back.HANNITY: You know, I sat on this program in 2007, Vivek, I said that journalism in America is dead. I had no idea how right I really would be. We watched the incident last week with Ronna McDaniel, they don't even want a -- you know, have you ever been a Republican or a Trump supporter. That seems to be their new litmus test.Biden lies about the transgender day of visibility. He lies about the economy, told that lie, oh, the economy is great to Al Roker. He lies about crime being Donald Trump's fault. He told -- lied about the border saying it's closed and secure, lied about never to talking to his son brother or anybody about their foreign business deals. There's an awful lot of lying and that lying never seems to get called out.And that to me is the greatest contribution he will have this campaign cycle that he had the last campaign cycle. They let this guy hide in his basement and he was able to pull it off because of COVID. Now, is anybody in the mainstream media, will they ever hold them accountable or is it always about Donald Trump, democracy in peril, demagoguing and lying about abortion, Republicans are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, every phobic. I mean, dirty -- they want dirty air and water.When does the truth ever come out of their lips? I don't think it's possible anymore.RAMASWAMY: Of course, they've abandoned all basis for trust of the American people. But this is what George Orwell warned of when he wrote his books. George Orwell intended it as a warning, these people have taken it as a how-to guide, just as George Orwell said war is peace, now diversity is conformity. Now, inclusion in the name of inclusion, they've created a new culture of exclusion, where certain points of view just aren't welcome.But it's time for us as conservatives, Sean, to also level up, to rise up and say we're not just going to say this is who we're against, the Biden administration or the radical left. We have to see the problem for what it is, yes, but we also have to say this is what we stand for, this is what an alternative looks like.And so if the left is preaching their message of race and gender and sexuality and climate, I think it's time for the conservative movement to say we stand for the individual family, nation, God. That beats race, gender, sexuality and climate if we have the courage to actually stand for something.So that'd be my advice to Republicans this year is yes, we are up against a machine, yes, we're up against a dishonest opposition. But we can't fall into the trap of just playing whack-a-mole, just criticizing the other side or dare I say, we'll have the same results we've had in 2022 and before. If we want to win decisively, and I see Donald Trump taking steps in this direction, and I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure that we go in this direction, too.We have to articulate what we stand for as conservatives and as Americans stand for our sovereignty stand for an alternative vision. And if we give the American people that, young or old, Black or White, they're going to flock beyond -- behind our alternative vision. That's what we conservatives need to step up and do this year and we have our work cut out for us.HANNITY: How's the economy under Joe doing? Not very well. How do you feel about the border? It's a disaster. How do you feel about energy prices in this country under Joe Biden? Law and order and safety and security, how's working out in your town, in your city? All top of mine.How does America look on the world's stage getting lectures now from Mexico and elsewhere? We'll get into that later tonight.All right. Vivek, thank you. We appreciate your time.Now, Trump is not the only person the Biden campaign is targeting. Late last week, the DNC started mocking his daughter-in-law Lara Trump with an A.I.-manufactured song. Take a look.(A.I.-GENERATED SONG)HANNITY: You know, like most late night comics, it's not even funny.Anyway, joining us now to respond, RNC co-chair Lara Trump is with us.I mean, when people say stuff about me and it's funny, I laugh. I like it. You know, I'll see memes on X or whatever, I'm like, that's pretty creative. I tipped my hat, good job.But this -- it's not funny, what was your reaction?LARA TRUMP, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CO-CHAIR: Yeah. Well, Sean, I actually released a song last week that I wrote over the winter, prior to taking this position as co-chair of the RNC. And so, I guess they say imitation is the highest form of flattery, I must have a lot of fans over at the DNC.What's amazing is that whenever they have a candidate who has the lowest approval rating of any incumbent in history and zero accomplishments to tout, this is where the DNC was putting their focus on, an A.I.-generated song to somehow mock me, which as you said wasn't even funny. Why did they go A.I.? Isn't Hollywood in the music industry, in with the DNC? They couldn't have gotten one of their people to record a song. It is really amazing to see this sort of thing happen.And here's what I know, Sean, they are terrified. They have nothing to show for their candidate. If they were going to go with A.I., maybe they should have just done A.I. version of Joe Biden. That would have been better than the real thing for them. But we are doing amazingly well at the RNC.I will tell them they may want to sit down and get ready for our March fundraising numbers and they had three presidents it took to raised $25 million last week. All we need is one. I can report tonight that this coming weekend, we have pledged $33 million to be donated to the RNC and the Trump campaign from our first major fundraiser.So if I were them, I'd stop messing around with the A.I. songs and start focusing on their failed candidate.HANNITY: You see that they're now -- they've lost their base. Every poll shows it. The historic coalition of the Democratic Party, African- Americans, young people, Hispanic Americans, even suburban women.They seem to be going hardcore towards that radical base, just to get them back, never mind reaching out to others. Kamala Harris going to abortion clinic, meeting with drug legalization people. Now, they're going back to Obamacare? Really? You didn't cause enough damage the first time.I don't see that they have a coherent message and they got a guy that needs two former presidents to try to prop them up, which I don't think is going to work. They're not on the ballot, while Donald Trump. you juxtaposed where he was and he was at the wake of the slain officer in Massapequa, Long Island.And frankly, my understanding is that the family was very grateful he was there.L. TRUMP: That -- that is my understanding as well and it shows you the character of these two men. You see exactly where Donald Trump was. He was there supporting our men and women in blue, someone who Joe Biden, these people have just been cast aside by him. Of course, he doesn't care about law and order, he doesn't care about our men and women who go out every single day to protect our country.Whether it's in the military, whether it's in uniform, we are grateful for them and Donald Trump is grateful for them and you saw that. You referenced what a disaster it is over on the Democrat side because they don't have a coherent message. They have made life so much harder for people with their policies since Joe Biden became president.And everyone feels it you can't lie your way out of it. We are welcoming all of those people into our tent. One of the things we are focused on at the RNC right now is expanding our party. Everyone is welcome to come over and join our party.You are welcome to come over and vote for someone who actually cares about making your life better, putting more money in your pocket, securing our border, giving us better standing on the world stage. It's Donald Trump.I think we're poised to see historic numbers for Donald Trump with African- American voters, with Hispanic American voters, with women and with the youth in this country, Sean.HANNITY: So, they can't run on their record. They can't run on the good economy, 60 percent of Americans live paycheck to paycheck. They certainly can't run on their immigration policies. They can't run on cities and towns being safe and secure.They can't run on foreign policy. We got war in the Middle East, we got war in Europe and we see what the world looks like when America abdicates its role on the world stage as the leader of the free world.Well, the only thing they got left is to just hate Trump. Okay, that's what they'll do. They don't have anything else. How does that match up to Republicans?L. TRUMP: Yeah. Well, we actually have a message on this side. It's exactly what I just said. It's the contrast between two different presidents and we can do that now, Sean, because we remember Donald Trump as president for four years, you remember how low the unemployment number actually was, the real unemployment number.You remember amazing trade deals with Mexico, with Canada, with China, peace agreements in the Middle East, instead of wars in the Middle East. Peace talks for a denuclearized Korean peninsula with Kim Jong Un.These were things that were actually happening under Donald Trump as president. Joe Biden has taken us 180 degrees in the other direction. He is basically doing the work for us because his policies have done nothing but harm for the American people and for the world.HANNITY: Legal ballot harvesting and Republicans got to embrace voting early, voting by mail, and their position on abortion needs to be where the country is. My only advice some people like it, some people don't.Lara, we wish you the best, 217 days to go.When we come back, a lot more news tonight. Joe Biden lied about Speaker Johnson today. He is here next. He will respond.Also, we'll ask the speaker how he plans to maintain control amid a very narrow House majority.And later, more on President Trump attending the NYPD officer's wake in Massapequa, Long Island, while Joe Biden was hanging out with celebrities, and with Clinton and Obama. They're trying to prop them up. Is it going to work? You decide in 217 days, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. This weekend, House Speaker Mike Johnson, he joined conservatives all across the country condemning Joe Biden's proclamation declaring Easter Sunday as transgender day of visibility. But according to new reporting today, Biden denied in his own voice that he ever made the declaration. He called Speaker Johnson uninformed for his criticism, despite the proclamation actually saying as Johnson rightly pointed out that Biden did quote, quote, hereby proclaim March 31st, 2024 as transgender day of visibility.Here with reaction is the Speaker of the House Mike Johnson is with us.I don't think you need any more evidence than what you posted and what we put up on the screen, but he just flat out denied that he did it. What's your reaction to that?REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA), SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: Well, it's his own signature on the document. That's why we posted it. The evidence speaks for itself, as we used to say in the courtroom.But look, it's highly possible that he doesn't even know what he's signing, Sean. I mean, that might be even more alarming. But I think this episode highlights what your two previous guests have already said. I think Vivek and Lara said it very well. This election is about showing the contrast between these two visions for America, and this proclamation on Easter Sunday is just a great example of that.This radical leftist progressive vision for the country is not who we are as Americans, and I think most of the country agrees with us, Sean, and I think that's why we're going to have a very successful election in November.HANNITY: All right. Let's look at I'm not really sure why -- I -- maybe I understand why Kevin McCarthy resigned, but then you have Bill Johnson resigned, Brian Higgins resigned, Mike Gallagher is resigning, and your very slim margin -- the slimmest of any House speaker in history has gotten even smaller. And, look, I feel the same frustration that many other -- conservatives feel and that is that they want the Republican majority, you know, united on certain principles like, okay, securing the border and balancing the budget, those two things. But you can't get that consensus.Now, it has now resulted in Marjorie Taylor Greene threatening a motion to vacate. You apparently have been in conversations. What is the standing of that?JOHNSON: Yeah, Marjorie and I are going to talk again this week. She's frustrated and we all re, to your point. Every conservative is frustrated about our current position, we have the smallest majority in U.S. history. We have a one vote margin right now. So, it's very difficult to move. Big things up the field for our principles.But here's how we're going to do it. This is a very simple formula. We will grow the majority in November. We will win back the Senate and Donald Trump will be returned to the White House if we do a couple of simple things.We have to show what we're for. That's what Vivek was saying earlier, he's exactly right. That's what we've been saying.We -- and I talk a lot about the seven core principles of American conservatism, it's individual freedom, limited government, the rule of law, peace through strength, fiscal responsibility, free markets, human dignity, these are the things that made America the most exceptional nation in the history of the world. We're for those foundational principles and the Democrats the progressives are not.So we got to -- we got to talk about what we're for and also to your point, we've got to unify. When you have such a small majority, if the Republicans will stand together, we have much better obviously negotiation strength when we're dealing with Democrats in the Senate and a Democrat in the White House.And finally, we've got to move our conservative agenda, at least incrementally. And we can do that. We can show the American people we can fight on these things. Look, we're for standing up to China and securing the border and protecting American jobs and unleashing American energy and changing the budget and spending the habits of Washington.But it takes every single Republican in the House to stand together to do that, and I think now, people feel the gravity and the weight of this the importance of it, and I think we're going to do that in the days ahead. It's a long time to November, but it'll be here before you know it and it can't get here soon enough.HANNITY: All right. Let's talk about the status with Marjorie Taylor Greene and frank -- I'm going to be very frank. I understand her frustration. I understand Chip Roy's frustration.JOHNSON: Sure.HANNITY: Freedom Caucus members' frustration. If I had to guess, you share it.Now, my understanding is that there were 40 or 50 Republicans that would not go along with the Republican plan to fight back and stay united. Is that -- was the number really that high?And what is the status of your discussions with Marjorie?JOHNSON: Well -- yeah, I think you're referring to our procedural rules on the floor. We've had 47 Republicans, House Republicans in this -- over this Congress, over the last year and four months uh who have decided that at various times they'll vote against our own procedural rules on the floor. Not to get too deep in the weeds of process, but that really matters because if you can't pass your own rule on the floor, it means votes have to be passed by suspension which is third of the House.Remember, with a one vote margin that means by necessity, on must-pass legislation like funding the government, you got to get Democrat votes. And that that's why everybody's so frustrated. So in some ways, we're sort of doing this to ourselves. So we got to get everybody together.I -- look, I think all of our colleagues recognize that we can't have a distraction right now, that we've got to keep the team together and I think we will. I'll talk with Marjorie and about her frustrations, and she knows I share them. I'm a lifelong movement conservative, all right? We want to do big things, and we're going to fight every sing single day with every inch ground that we can for the American people, for what they want.And when we're delivered a bigger majority in November, which we will be, Senate, White House returned, we're going to turn this thing 180 degrees, and we can fix all these problems and we got to show the American people that we're willing to do that.HANNTY: Well, our very own Chad Pergram, who knows all things -- hitchhiker's guide to all things Congress, is rightly pointing out with the thin margin that you have, there is a risk here that this would be I think the first time in history that a sitting speaker could actually be switched in midterm. I mean, is there really a possibility that he -Hakeem Jeffries could emerge a winner in this, if in fact that that action is taken?JOHNSON: Look, that's a risk, but I don't think that's going to happen, Marjorie filed a motion to vacate, not in a privileged form, which means it doesn't come up automatically. She's trying to send a message. I respect the message. I share her -- again her -- her frustration about the process.But the way for us to fix that is grow the House majority and the way to do that is to stand united together on the agenda going forward. So we're going to have everybody working together. We'll work on consensus and keep this team. Marjorie knows how the stakes are -- how high the stakes are for the country, and we all do and that's why it's never been more important for us to stand together and I think we will.I think all our colleagues understand that. We're going to get through this. Hakeem is not going to be the speaker and we'll -- we'll take care of business. We'll do it for the American people.HANNITY: So I think the big takeaway from me is that I think we more conservatives in the Republican Party elected to the House, number one. Number two, I think the small majority has to stick together. I wouldn't want your job. I've had at length discussions with former Speaker Newt Gingrich about this very issue and to be honest. I mean, he says it's almost job impossible at this point because you have varying factions within your coalition in your majority that is very slim and unless everybody agrees it -- you can't really accomplish the things you want to accomplish.Now I say that to the American people because they need to be aware that House elections really matter and the size of majority really matters. If you have a 30-seat majority, you get a lot more done than you can with, you know, a three- seat majority or a two seat majority whatever it ends up being in the end.So I think that's very critical, tell us about the efforts that you will be involved, and help elect Republican House members.JOHNSON: Yeah, that's great, Sean. You're exactly right, growthmajority.com. Let me throw the website in. I'm -- I'm traveling right now. I'm -- I'm in Arizona tonight, I've been all around the country traveling non-stop, 23 states so far.We've recruited strong conservative candidates who can help us turn this mess around and they're running very strong. We're going to win this election cycle. We're going to have a comfortable margin, even the pollsters are saying that now. But we got to stick together and get this through the finish line. We'll finish strong for the people. We'll keep fighting every single day and we appreciate you keeping everybody informed.HANNITY: All right. Speaker Johnson, thanks for being with us. We appreciate it. I hope you can work this out with Congresswoman Greene.All right. When we come back, Biden may lose the 2024 election because of what just happened at the border. We'll check in with Kellyanne Conway and Ari Fleischer. They will discuss.Later, Biden ignoring the slain police officer in Long Island, but he can fund raise with celebrities and former presidents? We'll have more on that political fallout, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Well, we've reminded you that Joe Biden, the vice president, Alejandro Mayorkas and Karine Jean-Pierre and circle back Jens Psaki, they all lied, they all said the border is secure, the border is closed. Well -- well, now, the border crisis is top of mind for most Americans.Look at this from Gallup, they asked a thousand U.S. adults unprompted to name the biggest problem facing the country, again, off the top of their heads, more of them said illegal immigration than anything else. There's a reason for that concern.Here's what one general just said about the continuing terror threat from ISIS which can easily exploit Joe's wide open borders with unvetted illegals coming, oh, from even our top geopolitical foes. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FRANK MCKENZIE, FORMER CENTCOM COMMANDER: ISIS-K in particular but ISIS in general has a strong desire to attack our homeland we should believe them when they say that, they're going to try to do it. And I -- so I think the threat is growing. It begun to grow as soon as we left Afghanistan, and took pressure off ISIS-K. So I think we should expect further attempts of this nature against the United States as well as our partners and other nations abroad. I think this is inevitable.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And FBI Director Wray in the last two congressional appearances has been echoing that threat, it's never been this bad or this loud in his career.It's not just a threat of terrorism causing concern. Look at this, ICE announced in the latest annual report, get -- remember, the government doesn't keep statistics on violent crimes of illegals, but they point out they arrested illegals in this country who committed nearly 50,000 violent crimes, everything to murder -- from murder to kidnapping assault and much more.One illegal by the way in the state of Alabama now stands accused of raping a disabled 14-year-old girl. Yet Biden and his Democratic pals, they are all in on enabling the crisis. In the state of Massachusetts, a former soldier's home is now being turned in a so-called emergency shelter for illegals.And while so-called asylum seekers, they get free housing there, they're also getting a free ride from a local judge in Texas who just yesterday said a bunch of the illegal immigrants -- remember, the ones rushing the border in front of Texas national guard -- yeah, they've all been set free in El Paso.And, by the way, none of this shows any sign of slowing down because Mexico is too busy not helping us, lecturing America, the Mexican president on "60 Minutes" adamantly and apparently now trying to extort our country into paying what is billions and billions of dollars and changing our policy to countries like Cuba and Venezuela.By the way, here's how former President Trump responded to the Mexico president's threat.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: On "60 Minutes", the president of Mexico says, we're not going to shut down our border until you change your policy in Cuba, and change your policy in Venezuela. Is it okay for the Mexican president to dictate American policy?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He said he wants $10 billion essentially just to talk, $10 billion to talk, and that's come out since and no, that wouldn't happen with me. They would never say that to me. They would never say before we even talk.They want $10 billion a year. Mexico just asked for $10 billion a year, they would never ask -- I wouldn't give them 10 cents. They know that.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Ari Fleischer and Kellyanne Conway.All right. Kellyanne Conway, so if we look at it, we've got, let's see, nearly 50,000 Joe Biden unvetted illegals arrested for homicide, rape, kidnapping, violent assault, number -- and we're getting lectured by Mexico on what our Cuba policy, Venezuela policy ought to be and, oh, they want tens of billions of our tax dollars. Wow.Would that happen under Trump? I doubt it.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, and we have proof of that. It didn't happen under Trump. Every time I hear, oh, if Donald Trump were the president, this may not have happened. I say, well, let's roll the tape, it didn't happen. In fact, Sean, Ari, we're in our ninth year now of Donald Trump having elevated into the national consciousness and to the top of the polls now border security and immigration, and he did it to international criticism if not ridicule and look where we are now.According to the AP poll, 73 percent of Hispanics disapprove of the job Joe Biden has done on the border, 55 percent of Black Americans and in fact 4 in 10 Democrats. You now have many of his own constituencies saying you're doing a terrible job on the border.Here's what I don't understand -- if the American people tell you what's important to them, what's vexing and perplexing to them, then they're giving you a clear road map, respond to them.This administration has done the opposite. They want to tell us all that what we see with our own two eyes day after day night after night isn't real. It's not important. It's some right vast right conspiracy. Also, the border has become a proxy for so many Americans, for a president that doesn't listen, for a Democratic Party that doesn't care, for a system that rewards those who take it easy and punishes those who work hard.When you come here illegally, not only are you not prosecuted for breaking the law, now you're actually rewarded you get cash and cell phones and shelter and clothing, and this is what Americans see now and they don't want it.HANNITY: Let's get your take Ari Fleischer.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, there's no question this is Joe Biden's gigantic Achilles heel, and he's the one who loves to show it to us because he caused this problem. During the debates, Joe Biden said come when he was asked what his message is to people who are trying to come to America illegally, he said come. He raised his hand when he was asked if he would support decriminalizing people to come into America illegally.This is a crisis of his own creation, of his own wanting, because the end game for the Democrats, Sean, is to let people come in illegally, get them work papers which leads to green cards which leads to voting. And already in many municipalities, illegal immigrants if they have a green card, they're not American citizens, can vote in American elections.Tell me how a municipality can keep that separate from a federal election. This is their endgame. It also helps them with reapportionment because this one New York City congresswoman said she needs the illegals in her district because that's how she gets her job as a congresswoman because she needs that number in her district New York, otherwise is losing seats.So this is part of a political endgame for the Democrats to hold power, and that's why it sits so wrong with the American people who are fundamentally guided by right and wrong and by respect for the law. And when there's wanton disrespect for the law from the commander-in-chief, yeah, it hurts the president and that's what's happening to Joe Biden.HANNITY: Americans, take a good look at what Joe Biden has created here. Look at the no bail laws and defund, dismantle, re-imagine the police, how's that working out? How's the economy working out? Are you better off than you were four years ago?Well, in 217 days, this country is at an inflection point. It matters.All right. Ari, thank you. Kellyanne, always great to see you too.Straight ahead tonight, all right, you'll love this, the Biden administration trying to blame the crime crisis they themselves created on who else? When the dog bites, the bee stings, you're feeling sad, blame Trump.Biden partied with Clinton, Obama and celebrities and instead of, what, attending a New York police officer's wake? Pretty unbelievable.Reaction from Charlie Hurt, Clay Travis straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So the Biden administration continues to do what they do best. As we've been pointing out, they lied and blamed their problems on Republicans. Last week, Karine Jean-Pierre actually tried to blame former President Trump for the violent crime all across the country after she was pressed on the shooting of an NYPD officer.No, they're the party of no bail, they're the party of defund, dismantle and reimagine the police. Take a look.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Violent crime surged under the previous administration which repeatedly attempted to cut the COPS program. So this is a president -- this is a Biden-Harris administration have done the polar opposite, taking decisive action from the very beginning to fund the police and achieving a historic reduction in crime under his leadership.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: Just a flat out lie. Borders are secure, borders are closed, right? Another lie, I never -- I never talked to my son, brother or anybody, another lie.According to NYPD data, crime was higher in 2023 in New York City than in 2017 through 2020. And while the Biden administration claims to support police -- well, don't forget, Vice President Harris supported defunding police, fundraising for a -- for a bail group that helped violent felons get back on the streets. Remember the summer of 2020, they lied, they said the -- those 574 riots were mostly peaceful. Yeah, another lie.And the administration's false claims come after the devastating murder of NYPD officer Jonathan Diller who was shot during a simple traffic stop. Former President Trump attended the wake, while Biden was busy fundraising with Obama and Clinton in New York City. During Diller's funeral on Saturday, his wife loudly and thankfully, rightfully, called out the failed le leadership that led to his death.Take a look.(BEGN VIDEO CLIP)WIFE OF FALLEN NYPD OFFICER: How many more police officers and how many more families need to make the ultimate sacrifice before we start protecting them?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Great question.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt, along with Outkick founder Clay Travis.Clay, get your reaction to this. It really angers me because that party is the Democratic party defund, dismantle, reimagine, no bail laws.CLAY TRAVIS, OUTKICK FOUNDER: Sean, the guy who killed that brave police officer whose wife you just heard speaking left behind a one-year-old son. He'd been arrested 21 times, 21 times. He was beyond saving. You know, the really difficult thing here is maybe the only thing that Joe Biden has gotten right in his mostly disastrous 40-plus year career of politics was the 1994 crime bill, which put bad violent criminals behind bar, three strikes and they were out and kept them there.It is a luxury of a low crime environment to believe that we're being too kind to violent criminals. We have to lock these guys up, we have to throw away the key, and we have to allow our police officers to take violent perpetrators off the street and keep them off there, white, black, Asian, Hispanic, everybody agrees overwhelmingly on this. Joe Biden has failed on crime Democrat policies have failed on crime and we need Trump and rational reasonable Republican leadership to take back our country's streets.HANNITY: Twenty-one arrests, Charlie, nine of those felonies and he's still on the street. I blame the people that allow that to happen. They do have blood on their hands.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Absolutely. There's a direct line you can draw from the policies of this administration from the policies that the Democrat party has -- has gleefully embraced for years now from defunding the police to no cash bail to all of these things. You can draw a direct line from those policies to the fact that this heroic police officer was murdered. There is no question about it.And if that were not contempt enough for law abiding citizens, that Democrats have for law-abiding citizens, it's compounded by the fact that they then are going to turn around and lie about it, and try to pretend like it's not the result of their policies, and that it's somehow a -- their political opponent's fault. They will literally lie about anything and say anything to try to get reelected.HANNITY: Yeah. Our prayers are with that family and community. Great people there. I know the people -- I know the people of Massapequa very well.Thank you both.When we come back, all right, trillions of bugs haven't been seen in decades and decades. Yeah, a super emergence this summer. We'll explain, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Get ready, it's going to be a loud spring to say the least. Now, later this month, two large broods of cicadas are going to emerge at the same time across 16 states. Now after spending 13 years and 17 years underground, respectively that means we will see trillions of cicadas come to the surface. That didn't happen since 1803. Thomas Jefferson was president.Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face.