NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Invasion set, date set, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu set. Only, he is not saying when that Rafah invasion is going to happen, only a week after that very tense phone call with President Biden, who worried it better not happen.Now that it's on, are old bets off? Because Israel today reportedly warning Iran that, if it is attacked for that strike on an Iranian consulate in Syria, Israel is ready to bomb nuclear sites in Iran. It is getting that big, that scary that fast.We're going to talk to the former U.S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman on what could come next.First, FOX team coverage with Trey Yingst to Tel Aviv on why Israel could be doubling down and Mike Emanuel in Washington on a White House that is now clearly fed up.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto. I'm very happy to have you on a very busy news day.Let's get right to it with Trey in Tel Aviv -- Trey.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Neil, good afternoon.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says his troops will enter Gaza's southernmost city of Rafah. Currently, there are more than 1.4 million Palestinians that are sheltering there. The question now is where they will be evacuated to and how long that process might take.This is a consequential decision if it does take place for a variety of reasons. Netanyahu says the move to destroy remaining Hamas battalions is needed to win the war.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER (through translator): This victory requires entering Rafah and eliminating the terrorist battalions there. This will happen. There is a date.(END VIDEO CLIP)YINGST: It's day 186 of the war between Israel and Hamas. The amount of aid going into Gaza is slowly increasing, with more than 400 trucks entering the enclave today.After IDF soldiers withdrew from Southern Gaza over the weekend, some Palestinian civilians returned to the wreckage of their homes in the city of Khan Yunis. Recent reports estimate more than 50 percent of buildings in Gaza were damaged or destroyed since October 7.While Israel still focuses on the ground inside Gaza, Israeli forces are on high alert in the northern part of this country amid continued attacks from the Iran-backed Lebanese militant group Hezbollah -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, thank you for that, Trey. Be safe, my friend.Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv.Want to go to Mike Emanuel right now in Washington on how the White House is responding to all of this, because this was not in their game plan during that phone call last week -- Mike.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT: Neil, you're exactly right.This visit by a major Israeli opposition leader comes after Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer called for a snap election in Israel to get rid of the current prime minister. Last hour, Senate Majority Leader Schumer held a meeting with Israel opposition leader Yair Lapid at a time when the progressive left is pressuring President Biden to demand a cease-fire in the Middle East.Lapid has been making the rounds here in Washington, meeting yesterday with Secretary of State Tony Blinken, but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says political pressure won't stop the mission.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NETANYAHU (through translator): There is no force in the world that will stop us.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Today, some disruption Capitol Hill, protesters in the Capitol Building basically disrupting operations in the Capitol.Some 50 people were arrested, one person wearing a shirt saying, "Biden's legacy equals genocide." Today, the Senate Republican leader said the president is reacting to pressure from the far left.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): America cannot afford to lose moral clarity about the conflict. But I'm afraid that too many of our leaders are. The president caved further to domestic political pressure. He indulged his radical base and called for an immediate cease-fire.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: This afternoon, the national security adviser insisted the United States is behind its key allies in the Middle East.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE SULLIVAN, U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: The president said to the prime minister, and as was read out in his call, that America's support for Israel's security is ironclad and America's support for Israel's defense against threats from Iran and its proxies is ironclad.And I'm not going to speak to operational details beyond that.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Tense times at the White House and on Capitol Hill, protests on Capitol Hill and across Washington.Congress is back in session, and the protesters are back calling for a permanent cease-fire -- Neil.CAVUTO: Mike Emanuel, thank you very much, my friend.To David Friedman, the former U.S. ambassador to Israel, what he makes of all of this.Ambassador, thank you for taking the time.This was exactly, that is, this idea of a Rafah invasion, what President Biden did not want Prime Minister Netanyahu to do. Now that the prime minister has committed to doing it, what do you think happens next?DAVID FRIEDMAN, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO ISRAEL: I think that Netanyahu has no choice but to continue the war.I mean, the consequences of not invading Rafah is that Hamas survives with four battalions. That's 4,000 troops. It means that Sinwar survives with his life. It means that Hamas becomes, if you will, the darling of the terrorist world, not a title you or I would want, but it's something they were very covet.And they live to kill Jews another day, ultimately to export that terrorism to America as well. And, Neil, I think it's important to understand Israel lives in this very, very, very dangerous part of the world on the basis of its deterrent capabilities, on the basis of the fact that these terrorists know that if they hit Israel, Israel hits back two, three, four times as hard.None of these entities can defeat Israel. Only America can cause Israel to be defeated. And America can cause Israel to be defeated by telling them not to attack, by telling them to go do a cease-fire, go negotiate a deal with Hamas. Don't attack Hezbollah in the north.And all these messages are doing nothing but empowering Israel's enemies. This daylight is creating a normal enormous, enormous momentum and enthusiasm by Israel's enemies to continue the war. It's having exactly the opposite effect of what I assume the Biden administration wants to achieve.And so, I mean, the worst thing that America can do right now is to try to micromanage Israel's conduct and to limit their capabilities and limit their ability to fight this war. That just prolongs the war, emboldens the enemy and raises the price for the hostages.CAVUTO: And yet that's exactly what's going on, right?And I'm just wondering. Obviously, Benjamin Netanyahu took the calculation here that he had agreed to get more aid and passageways made into Gaza, something President Biden wanted him to do. But he knew that this Rafah decision, which would come later, would renew all these tensions with the White House, did it anyway.What do you think happens now?FRIEDMAN: Look, I think -- look, I hate to see this daylight. I hate to see these two countries that I love at loggerheads with each other.But Israel's fighting for its life, and Biden is fighting for Michigan. And as between those fights, I'm with Israel on this. I mean, Israel has to survive this battle, and they can't survive without defeating Hamas. I mean, Hamas has said openly, with great pride, you know, if we survive, we're going to go and do this again and again and again.Not to mention the fact, Neil, that almost 100,000 Israelis have been displaced from the north. And every single day since this Hamas war began, Hezbollah has been shooting at Israelis in the north, and there's no answer to that yet. And Israel needs to be empowered to complete that process and to show Hezbollah that it's willing to fight back.CAVUTO: Yes.FRIEDMAN: Israel has the capabilities to win this war and to protect its citizens. The only means by which Israel fails to achieve that is by America putting handcuffs on Israel.CAVUTO: You put that very well, Ambassador.And I raised this issue with Chris Coons, the Delaware senator, when he was with me last week about what we are attaching to aid right now with Israel. And I thought he was fairly clear on the subject, even though I don't know if he wanted to be. I want you to react to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: If they go into Rafah and do this, would you say, all right, that's a game changer, Israel? We told you not to do it, and you did.SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): I would be willing to put conditions on the delivery of military munitions for that ongoing campaign.I would not sever ties between the United States and Israel. I wouldn't abandon Israel.CAVUTO: All right.COONS: But I would begin to condition the munitions that we provide for an ongoing campaign in Rafah.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, now, just to be clear, Ambassador, I was not asking about whether we would sever ties in Israel. I didn't think that would happen, but that aid would be on the line.And it clearly is now, or it could be now. Does that part worry you?FRIEDMAN: It worries me tremendously.I mean, look, I think Senator Coons has been a good friend of Israel over the years. I think he has, like others, succumbed to the political pressures. Look, what he's saying to Israel is, you're not going to win this war. You're just not going to win. You're not going to go into Rafah. You're not going to clean out the last four battalions. If you do, we're going to put some conditions on.And then the war will be litigated by lawyers, rather than by generals, right? You will have these some -- some word salad of the terms on there which Israel gets its weapons, and it will be fighting over that meanwhile while Israel is trying to defeat one of the worst terrorist groups in the world.CAVUTO: Real quickly, I mean, we talk about the pressure that's on Israel right now, but on Benjamin Netanyahu, a lot of the opposition leaders have been taking pictures with Chuck Schumer when they visit here.Of course, Chuck Schumer famous for saying that this is a good time for Israel to have elections. That engendered a great deal of controversy. But we're already seeing within Israel some of the members of his coalition government are sniping at him directly, and that some Israelis indeed are tiring of Benjamin Netanyahu.How bad is this, Ambassador?FRIEDMAN: I think you have to divide it into two buckets.Politically, Netanyahu has his challenges. Look, every Israeli leader who's had a military failure, whether Golda Meir in the Yom Kippur War...CAVUTO: Right.FRIEDMAN: ... Menachem Begin in the Lebanon war, they have not done well politically in the aftermath of those failures.And this was a colossal failure. So you do have that. And I'd say most of the country, I think, is unhappy with the fact that this happened in the first place. But, during the course of the war, the overwhelming majority of the people, even those who despise Benjamin Netanyahu, want to see him finish the war.Finish the war, then have elections, and then let the chips fall where they may. But we're not changing horses in the middle of the race.CAVUTO: Ambassador, thank you very much. Good seeing you again.David Friedman, the former U.S. ambassador to Israel, pretty clearly speaks his mind, as does Ted Weisberg when it comes to money issues and all the sort of frictions that are on the markets right now as a result. Oil did come down a little bit today, but, again, more volatile investing, and a lot of folks worry that these Mideast tensions could explode.Ted, what do you think of that and then, right now, the fact that these international issues could come home to roost for Wall Street?TED WEISBERG, PRESIDENT, SEAPORT SECURITIES CORPORATION: Well, I mean, Neil, it's a real concern. It's a huge unknown.And we know that markets can deal with good news, bad news, and always struggle with the unknowns. And so, yes, it is a huge problem. On the other hand, when you see where the market was last fall and how good the market performed in November and December of '23 and the first quarter of '24, up 10 percent for most of the popular averages, and, even today, as we speak with the increased tensions in the Middle East, yes, the market's gotten a little sloppy the last couple of days.But, clearly, for some reason, the market seems to be willing to absorb a lot of these unknowns, if you will, geopolitical tensions.CAVUTO: But it always does affect trade in the region. We have seen the Red Sea, which was virtually impossible for cargo ships to peacefully get around, and get their goods moving. So there's a supply issue there.And then there is the concern that it doesn't take much to scare the markets, the oil markets. They were rocketing last week on this tense phone call between the president and Benjamin Netanyahu.WEISBERG: Right.CAVUTO: So they're clearly sensitive to that. What do you think?WEISBERG: Well, absolutely.And it used to be all gold, and now -- now, to a large extent, it's energy, oil in particular.CAVUTO: Right.WEISBERG: Though gold -- gold is trading at all time highs as we speak. But the spikes, the fear spikes, if you will, seem to be off the table. But yet you can't argue where gold is trading.And, in fact, Neil, you can't argue where oil is trading. Oil has been inching higher for the last three or four months. I mean, we're just touching just shy of $90 a barrel, depending on whether you look at WTI or Brent. And there are a lot of folks that think we could spike to $100 without a lot of effort.Now, is that Middle East tensions or is it the U.S. energy policies? Perhaps a little of both.CAVUTO: But it's inflationary one way or the other, and that gets them scared about interest rate cuts that could be delayed, if not denied.WEISBERG: Exactly.CAVUTO: How real a threat is that, real quickly?WEISBERG: I'm sorry, Neil? I lost -- say again, please.CAVUTO: This fear of inflation from all of this and the fact that it could delay rate cuts on the part of the Fed, how real is that?WEISBERG: Well, I think it's very real.The U.S. economy continues to do quite well. The unemployment numbers are almost nonexistent. Employment is good. The economy is good. Corporate earnings are very good. I mean, the Fed has got -- it's in a bit of a dilemma...CAVUTO: Yes.WEISBERG: ... because I know they talk -- a lot of people, including the Fed, talk about lowering rates, but it's going to be very difficult for them to lower rates meaningful in the current economic environment.And, in fact, you could probably make a case even that perhaps interest rates might even tick higher.CAVUTO: Yes.WEISBERG: But the fact is that the economy is doing well and the Fed, though they talk about lowering rates, the reality is, will they?CAVUTO: Yes, will they?WEISBERG: And that's a big question mark.CAVUTO: And that is haunting these guys right now. But gold is narrowly going its own way, hit another record today, eight day in a row it did that.WEISBERG: Yes.CAVUTO: Ted Weisberg, thank you very much. Always great catching up with you, Ted.Meantime, we're getting word right now that the speaker, Mike Johnson, is going to delay his delivery of this Homeland Security, Mayorkas impeachment article to the United States Senate. That means that an impeachment of some sort is still on in the Senate, delayed, but certainly not denied -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: My view is, now that we have abortion where everybody wanted it from a legal standpoint, the states will determine by vote or legislation or perhaps both.And whatever they decide must be the law of the land, in this case, the law of the state.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Well, another state, the 16th, Arizona has really clamped down on what will be the law when it comes to abortion there, after Arizona's Supreme Court revived a near-total ban on abortion, actually invoking an 1864 law that forbids the procedure except when the mother's life is on the line and punishes some providers with prison time.It was a 4-2 decision, as I said. This is a conservative court, but already it's raising concerns that this will boomerang on conservatives and Republicans in particular, who have been hoping that this issue as a political detriment will go away. It just seems to be sort of refired up right now.Tiana Lowe is the political reporter, gives us her take on this.Tiana, what do you think? Again, regardless of people's position abortion itself and whether this was right or wrong decision, we know it's a political grenade. So who does it blow up on?TIANA LOWE DOESCHER, THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER: There's a reason why Kamala Harris is racing to Arizona to capitalize on this.Look, a recent Wall Street Journal poll of all the swing states found that Trump has a double-digit lead across all the swing states when it comes to issues like inflation, the economy, foreign policy. The one area where Biden and Harris have maintained their lead is abortion.And Arizona is not a very red electorate anymore. It has become increasingly purple, where somewhere like Florida has gotten increasingly red. And this 15-week ban that Republican Governor Doug Ducey passed two years ago, that was really in the sweet spot of what was OK for Arizona voters, who are very much in the average of the country.You know, 15-week ban puts -- put Arizona in line with Europe. This near- total ban, which has no exceptions for rape and incest, look, even three in four Republicans polled by UPenn just last year expressed that they still support exceptions for abortions in cases of rape and incest.This law was originally passed 160 years ago...CAVUTO: Right. Right.LOWE DOESCHER: ... before Arizona was even a state and before the 13th Amendment was passed, let alone women having the right to vote.And this can backfire, because you have the pro-choice advocates, who have already half-a-million signatories on a ballot proposal that would enshrine much more unfettered abortion access into Arizona state law. If that ballot proposition does make it on that Election Day ballot, that could be a huge boon to Biden, who needs to win Arizona and is right now down about 4.5 points below Donald Trump in head-to-head polling in the state.CAVUTO: You know, Florida is looking at doing the same thing right now after a similar crackdown there, and this could be a ballot issue on their ballot as well.A number of other states that are contemplating the same. I think we're up to 16 now, a varying degree of severity on this, how strict you are with abortions.But I am wondering. There are others who say this is a tired old sort of argument for Democrats to try to zing Republicans, that it's the economy, stupid, it's the perception of the economy, stupid, and a lot of people, abortion or no as an issue, this is not as galvanizing as it used to be.What do you think of that?LOWE DOESCHER: So, the economy does remain a major issue. Immigration has even superseded the economy, even though prices are up 18 percent since Biden took office. Immigration is still more important nationally now. It just overtook the economy, and especially in a place like Arizona that is a crucial border state.But the difference is that the Arizona GOP has been in shambles for many years. This is Kari Lake's second election. She is not popular in the state at all. She's going against Ruben Gallego, who is very much moderating. Like, he's running away from the progressive label for a reason because he thinks he can win.And, unfortunately for someone like President Trump, who has really expressed pro-life federalism, very much in line with what the pro-life movement was until Roe v. Wade was overturned, which is return it to the states, Kari Lake in 2022 said that it was great that Arizona had this 160- year-old trigger law, and she specified that it had no exceptions, that the only exception was for life of the mother, not for rape and incest.So those words really backfire on her. And that's why she's come out today calling on Katie Hobbs to do something about this law, to effectively reinstate that Ducey standard of a 15-week abortion ban. In other states, it might not matter so much, again, where you have a big margin of support with highly competent governors like Mike DeWine or Ron DeSantis, sure.But Arizona GOP has just been flailing for almost a decade now. And so this can be a live issue if Arizona Republicans don't get their act together.CAVUTO: All right. And you mentioned Katie Hobbs, of course, the governor of Arizona, issued an executive order last year that would give all the power on abortion laws to the state attorney general, who similarly was against what the Supreme Court did there. But it's a hot issue again. We will follow it very, very closely.But, Tiana, thank you very much.Tiana Lowe on that.In the meantime, updating you on Donald Trump and his various legal battles. He's lost what was the last shot at delaying this hush money trial in New York, now still on for April 15.What's at stake -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, as you know, the House was expected to, maybe this week, get impeachment articles on Homeland Security Secretary Mayorkas to the Senate, but it's holding off until next week, so the Senate can get its act together on the same matter -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, Donald Trump running out of options and apparently running out of time. He's exhausted all efforts right now to delay that hush money trial slated to begin next week with jury selection in New York on Monday.The significance of all of this with Katie Cherkasky. She really helps me just follow all of these trials and where they stand.But this is the one that's ready for launch. How do you think it's going to go, Katie?KATIE CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, it looks like it is going to go forward, absent Trump firing his entire defense team on the morning of trial, still not off the table, something that defendants can and have done in other cases.But he does have, in my opinion, a very strong defense going into the New York case. So, perhaps he's looking for a win ahead of the election, and certainly that would give him some momentum.CAVUTO: All right, now, he can do that. He can fire his entire defense team, but that means you need a whole new crop of lawyers, and you can't just sneak them back under different names or aliases. How does that work?CHERKASKY: Well, there are certain circumstances where a criminal defendant does not wish to continue with their current team, and so they let the court know that they have lost confidence in their team or they wish to have different counsel.And the Supreme Court has been very clear that, in criminal cases, a defendant is entitled to remove their team and replace their team entirely if they wish to do so before proceeding to trial. In this case, the judge has made some passing remarks about one of Trump's attorneys not being prepared in some ways. He may be able to use that as a justification.This is only, again, he wanted to do. But if he wants to move forward, then, certainly, I think that they obviously are prepared to go to trial, and look for that acquittal.CAVUTO: So, let me ask you, would his own legal team now say, boss, this might be the best route to go? You might have to fire us and start anew.CHERKASKY: That would certainly not be the first time a criminal defendant has done something like that.CAVUTO: OK.CHERKASKY: And, obviously, there's a lot of strategy that goes into defending a criminal case. And so certainly that is an option that all defense attorneys are aware exist.But, ultimately, it is the defendant's sole decision who they're represented by.CAVUTO: You know, we have the other issue, the documents cases, some of these others, that the president wanted protection, that immunity and all of this. That doesn't look like it's happening. There are a lot of things festering on some other cases.But is it fair to say this might be the only one that will get off the launchpad before the election?CHERKASKY: As it stands right now, with the Supreme Court considering the immunity case at the end of April, we're unclear about when they would issue a decision in that.Then the other cases are essentially on hold as a result of that finding. So, of course, the Georgia case, we don't really know exactly where that stands, but there is some progress moving ahead while the appellate court is still considering the removal of Fani Willis. So, again, very unclear on the timelines with that, but I would say the New York hush money case, even if it was continued for some reason, may still be able to get in under the wire there before the election.CAVUTO: You know, on the Supreme Court, as in deciding the whole immunity thing, how much do they weigh or should they weigh -- I know justice is blind and all that -- a guy who's running for the highest office in the land and how this might be disruptive to that process?Or should that even enter their minds?CHERKASKY: Well, it's interesting, because the overarching issue in that case deals with the office of the presidency and how any sort of criminal process interferes with the executive branch at large.But in terms of their decision in the case, they said that they would put that on an expedited schedule in order to somehow accommodate these artificial timelines before the election. But, certainly, that's not the primary consideration for when they're going to rule on the case, but how could they possibly ignore it?It's obviously the elephant in the room there.CAVUTO: You must have this all out on a spreadsheet organized meticulously, knowing you.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Because I have mine right now on an Etch A Sketch, which is probably the same thing.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Because I just shake it, and then I get a different result.Katie, great seeing you again. Thank you so much.CHERKASKY: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, we told you right now, they're making an effort, of course, in the House, as you know, by the slimmest of votes, to go ahead and impeach Alejandro Mayorkas, the homeland security secretary.They're having a devil of time, at least in the Senate there, deciding where they go from here. So the House is holding off on sending some of these articles of impeachment to the Senate, so they have time to digest exactly how they will do this in that body.What Senator Daines thinks of all of this, Steve Daines of Montana -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): We're going to try and resolve this issue as quickly as possible. Impeachment should never be used to settle policy disagreements.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, be that as it may, and he is the leader of the Senate, but Chuck Schumer might not want to face this impeachment trial issue, but it is on right now.The only thing we learned today is that the House is delaying sending over the articles of impeachment, a sort of formality, if you will, to get the ball rolling. And how it proceeds from here, I have no idea.But I know Chad Pergram does. He is a student of this institution.So, Chad, what happens now?CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Neil, good afternoon.Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer hasn't said much about how he would handle an impeachment trial for Alejandro Mayorkas. Well, he doesn't have to. That's because a spokesman for House Speaker Mike Johnson says the House will delay sending the articles to the Senate until next week.The House aimed to send the articles over to the Senate tomorrow night. Now they have punted for a week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): The speaker has -- we asked him to delay sending over the articles until Monday to at least give us a full week.We will see if Senator Schumer honors the extra time. This is unconscionable, people.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Republicans want more time to level pressure against the Senate to hold a full trial and not just dismiss the articles, but even the House members who will prosecute the case were in the dark about the plan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: But they haven't told you that? As an impeachment manager, no one has said to you when they're supposed to do it, other than last week saying, oh, we're going to take them over tomorrow afternoon?REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): The last thing I heard -- and I am an impeachment manager and those articles of impeachment have my name on them. I have not been told that we may be holding them now. You're the one that told me that. So, apparently, you're reading the news quicker than I am.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Now, the plan was to swear in the senators as jurors on Thursday, but even Republican leaders were coy when asked about a possible delay.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Has there been any discussion among Republican leaders, talk about this about now possibly requesting the House to delay sending over the impeachment articles, so you can make a better case to have a more full Senate trial?MCCONNELL: I don't think we have any advice to give the speaker about how to handle the issue on either -- on timing.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Either way, the Senate will likely vote to dismiss the articles of impeachment if Democrats hold together.Jon Tester of Montana says he wants to see the articles first. He faces a tough reelection this fall -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Chad, thank you very much for that.Senator Steve Daines, Montana senator, National Republican Senatorial Committee chair, joins us.Chairman, Senator, very good to see you.The White House is responding to all these developments, Senator, saying that: "If Republicans actually believed this impeachment was so urgent for the security of the border, then they wouldn't have delayed sending it to the Senate for two months or now delayed it again for another week. It lays bear how baseless and devoid of substance this whole P.R. stunt is."What do you think of that?SEN. STEVE DAINES (R-MT): Well, it's -- I'm not surprised, first of all, that Chuck Schumer was hoping those articles would come to the Senate this week, on a Thursday afternoon, so they could get buried for the weekend.The Democrats don't want to talk about this. Look, the House has spoken. It was a yearlong process of hearings, a lot of investigation. They voted to push two articles of impeachment over to the United States Senate. We have a constitutional responsibility. We are accountable to the American people to have a trial.We now sit as jurors. Mayorkas has been impeached. The question is, should he be removed from office or not? That is what the will of the Senate will determine. So we need to have full accountability, take it in the full daylight here in front of the American people. It's the number one issue, Neil, for voters across the country.It's not just a Republican issue. It's Republicans, independents, and Democrats are seeing this invasion on the southern border, these illegal migrants coming across. And this is not a immigration debate. This is a national security debate, as we're looking at the terror threat right now in this country because of Joe Biden's chaos and open border policies.CAVUTO: Well, you're quite right to say the immigration issue is the overarching issue. It was in caucuses and primaries one after the other, but I don't believe this specific issue of impeaching Mayorkas was.Having said that, I do want to get your thoughts on delaying this delivery of these Mayorkas articles until next week. Are you for that? Are you OK with that?DAINES: I think it's the right thing to do. I mean, whether it gets shipped over to us on Wednesday for a -- the beginning of the impeachment on Thursday, literally, we will be sat down in the Senate chamber, we will be sworn in, we will sign a book as jurors.We sit as a jury for these articles impeachment sent to us by the House. I think it's a good thing it's going to come over on Monday. That way, we have the week in front of the American people to have this deliberation. It'll be a very important vote, because Schumer wants to bury this. He doesn't want to talk about this anymore.The American people want accountability. They're exasperated. We see what's going on. This is a solvable problem, but Mayorkas should be held accountable for what's happened. The Senate will be the jurors next week. It'll be in front of the American people, as it should be.CAVUTO: You touched on the idea that maybe Schumer doesn't want to deal with this, but a lot of your colleagues, Senator, on the Republican side don't seem all too eager to deal with this.Do you think there are even more than a couple of dozen of your colleagues who would want to take this route, go this route, and impeach Mayorkas?DAINES: Well, let's be clear, Neil. He has been impeached. The House has impeached Mayorkas.Now the question is the trial. We sit as jurors. So, if one of my colleagues decides that they don't want to convict Mayorkas, that will be their choice as a U.S. senator. But we need to have the trial.CAVUTO: But I'm asking -- I'm sorry. You're quite right. You're quite right, sir. And I apologize.Do you feel there are enough votes for conviction just among your colleagues? And, of course, it's a Democratic-run Senate, by the tiniest of margins, I grant you, but that a lot of those colleagues don't want to take that extra step and that a conviction is not in the offing, even among a good many of your own fellow Republicans.DAINES: Well, look, I mean, if -- as a juror, you need to look at the evidence, as any thoughtful juror would. I will trust the judgment of my colleagues.But, look, the reality is, the Democrats control the majority of the United States Senate. It's highly likely Schumer will try to dismiss this outright up front and never have a trial. He realizes that this is a political crisis for the White House and for every single Senate Democrat who have supported President Biden with these open border policies, these policies that President Trump had put in place that were working that Joe Biden reversed and stopped.This is a solvable problem. Again, if you look at it, for me, as a father of four, now a grandfather of six, I'm very concerned about the national security threat that's presented by this open border. We have a serious terrorism threat that's occurring as a result of now nearly 10 million illegals who have come across the border, many on the FBI terror watch list.This is a national security issue. The American people are exasperated. They want something done. This is a chance first to put this out in full display with a trial in the United States Senate to show the evidence of what's been going on with the Biden administration and why we're at this point in our history.CAVUTO: Senator Daines, thank you for taking the time. We do appreciate that, sir.DAINES: Thank you.CAVUTO: All right, there are other issues they have to take up on Capitol Hill, including rebuilding that Baltimore bridge that collapsed a couple of weeks back. But coming up with the funds, that's a lot easier said than done.Aishah Hasnie has more on that -- Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Yes, so the Maryland delegation really wants to pay for the reconstruction of the Key Bridge by using 100 percent federal funds, but whether that's going to cost millions or billions, I will tell you next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, it could cost $400 million and take quite a few years to rebuild the Keystone (sic) Bridge in Baltimore after that collapse, a moving target of at least $400 million, as I say.And will the federal government pick up that entire tab? President Biden has already indicated that he wants the federal government to deal with it, and not necessarily Maryland in this case.Aishah Hasnie has been following the back-and-forth on this, joins us from Capitol Hill.Hey, Aishah.HASNIE: Hey, Neil.That's a really good guess. We have heard all sorts of numbers from $400 million to $2 billion, a lot of different numbers out there. The headline today was that the Maryland delegation essentially says they're going to come and propose, offer up a bill that's going to help pay for the reconstruction of the Key Bridge by using 100 percent federal funding.The catch, though, is Neil, that lawmakers in this moment have no clue how much that actually is going to cost. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BEN CARDIN (D-MD): It depends on the design of the bridge, the modern technologies to make sure it protects. There's been a 3000 percent increase since 1975, when this bridge was constructed, in regards to the amount of traffic cargo that goes through the channel itself. So it needs to meet the current needs.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, again, that doesn't really answer the question of the price tag.And whatever the price tag is, Neil, there's already pushback from House Freedom Caucus members on just cutting a blank check. Instead, they're demanding pay-fors for this funding.Congressman Andy Harris, who is a Freedom Caucus member and the only Republican member in the Maryland delegation, sidestepping the question today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ANDY HARRIS (R-MD): Look, there are steps in this process. The first step is about cost-share. There is no debate about cost-share. In this tragedy, Maryland should not have to bear part of the cost. That's going to be the focus of, I believe, the first piece of legislation that comes through.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: And, Neil, as is the case for quite literally every issue on the Hill right now, there is absolutely no real timeline on when this might actually happen -- Neil.CAVUTO: Now, that's a shocker, Aishah. All right, thank you very much. Great reporting, Aishah.Aishah Hasnie on Capitol Hill with all of that.By the way, we want to pass along, the president promised in his State of the Union address to sort of zing companies who he says aren't paying their fair share. Part of that effort is to start taxing stock buybacks. Companies, when they have a lot of money, don't know what to do with it, a lot of them buy back the stock. After all, they're run by shareholders, and they reward the shareholders.Well, there's going to be a tax on that of about 1 percent on such a transaction every time it's done. It's meant to be a way to remind companies to pay your taxes, even though a good many of them do. This is yet an added thing on top of the 1 percent, of course, will be a starting figure. Some say it doesn't end there.We'll have more after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE ROWE, FOUNDER, MIKEROWEWORKS FOUNDATION: Nothing in the history of Western civilization has ever become more expensive more quickly than a four-year degree, not food, not health, not energy, not real estate, nothing.People say, Mike, how could college get so expensive? The answer is, how could it not? We freed up a bottomless pile of free money and turned the screws on a whole generation of kids and told them they'd be finished if they didn't take this path.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Well, the administration is trying to make it easier for those who have taken out a lot of loans to get some relief, up to 30 million Americans now qualifying or will be qualifying for this relief of up to $20,000 of interest knocked off, some paid off entirely, as the administration continues to ease their burden, even as the price of a four- year degree continues to rocket, perhaps because we're doing these very things.Julia Manchester, The Hill national politics reporter, Kat Timpf with us, co-host of "Gutfeld," "You Can't Joke About That: Why Everything Is Funny, Nothing Is Sacred, and We're All in This Together." That was a very, very funny book.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you.CAVUTO: Guys, welcome to both of you.Kat, end it with you and your thoughts on this. You know the predictable response that why are we paying to forgive loans that some other Americans had to pay, did pay, and are getting no relief? You say?TIMPF: Yes, I say -- and I have said this before, but I again don't even know why we keep calling it erasing or canceling or forgiving, when it's nothing of the sort.It is, as you pointed out, actually just reassigning these payments to people, this money to people who didn't have anything to do with it at all and maybe didn't go to college themselves. I mean, this could cost to the tune of $100 billion or more to taxpayers.And also, just, I happen to be someone who notices that people tend to behave based on incentives. And doing this, there's no incentive for colleges to charge any less and no incentive for people to not take out loans, students to not take out loans to go, no matter how much it costs or how big those loans are.CAVUTO: Yes, I mean, I do know this.And, Julia, I think we have chatted about this ourselves several times here, that the rate of college inflation, college cost, tuition, room and board, is running triple what the average inflation rate is, and has been for many decades. This only fuels it, doesn't it?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: Yes, absolutely. I think there's this argument.But I think, when we look at the political perspective to this as to why President Biden is doing this, he would argue this is a promise he made to his base. And this goes along with what he talked about on the campaign trail. But, at the same time, this is a base issue for President Biden.And he is seeing young voters in his coalition being, quite frankly, less enthusiastic, and he needs those voters to turn out and vote for him in November. And there is this feeling among Democrats and progressives that this is going to help galvanize them.So this is -- I think we're going to see maybe not only this initiative being pushed by President Biden. You're going to hear and you already have heard different language on other issues impacting young people. The Israel-Gaza war is obviously very important to a lot of young voters. They feel strongly about it. He's addressed that.So this is -- the timing of this and doing it in a swing state like Wisconsin is not accidental.CAVUTO: Yes, it does have the desired impact.But let me ask you about that, Kat, because you could argue that this galvanizes young voters. But what about young voters who aren't getting this relief? What about young voters who didn't go to college? What about young voters who in fact did pay off their loans or chose other routes, like trade schools or the rest? What happens to the young electrician or the young plumber who starts saying, well, where's my gravy train?Isn't it going to anger them?TIMPF: Yes, and that's why I think messaging about what this really is, is so important, because if you just say, oh, it's cancellation of forgiveness, then you do sound kind of like a jerk if you're not for it.Why wouldn't you want just somebody's loans to just go away when it would make things so much easier for that person? And they took all this money, and they're burdened by it. That does sound like a compassionate thing, but that's not what it actually is.It is reassigning it often to that electrician or to that person who maybe went to a less expensive school or made other decisions because of this, that person that had absolutely nothing to do with it, and then, of course, that student in the future perhaps having to pay even more, as college becomes even more expensive the more and more government gets involved.CAVUTO: Guys, I wish we had more time. Unfortunately, we don't.But it's going to be a big issue right now, because this is expanding, despite constitutional fights as to whether the president can do this, and Nancy Pelosi, the former speaker, saying that, technically, he can't do this, that this is something that only the House can do. But that debate rages on.Julia and Kat, thank you very much.I did want to close with a quick peek at the corner of Wall and Broad today. Obviously, this frustration in the Middle East and how things are going is lifting up the price of gold, not helping stocks, and raising issues as to whether the Federal Reserve is going to be able to cut rates so soon. Doesn't look like so soon right now.Here's "The Five."