BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Talk about things that they're working on. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Well, the presidential nominating contests are wrapped up, voters are still going to the polls in key states like Florida and Arizona to make their voices heard. We're going to bring you the results of those races at the bottom of the screen throughout the hour.Meanwhile, all eyes are on Ohio's GOP Senate primary where polls are closing in about 30 minutes or so. Trump endorsed frontrunner Bernie Moreno is trying to hold his lead, so he can take on Democrat Senator Sherrod Brown in November and possibly change the balance of power in the U.S. Senate. We're going to bring you all those details as we get them. But first, ready, set, don't fire. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Thanks to House Republicans and Gold Star families who refused to take silence for an answer. Former Biden officials were forced to sit and answer questions today on that disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal. Now without naming names, the generals denied they were at fault.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. KENNETH MCKENZIE JR (RET), FORMER COMMANDER OF U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND: If there is culpability in this attack, it lies in policy decisions that created the environment of August 2021 in Kabul.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you believe that if state and DOD were on the same page that Bagram could have remained a viable option?MCKENZIE: Once you go below 2.5k for U.S. forces, you can't hold Bagram, a 2.5, I was enthusiastic about holding Bagram.GEN. MARK MILLEY (RET), FORMER JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF CHAIRMAN: Presidents make decisions and once that decision is made, we execute.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The refusal to abide by the recommendations that both of you made would have preserved the option to maintain Bagram, would Bagram have been a preferable strategic exit,MCKENZIE: All things being equal, you'd prefer to have Bagram at 2.5k.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What the generals are saying is that the resources and troop levels were not sufficient for a safe withdrawal from both Abbey Gate and Bagram. How strenuously though did they argue that point, did they warn of the potential for a significant number of U.S. casualties? Now some of this is just common sense. You don't announce you're withdrawing your military presence as Biden did in a hostile country. Only then drag your feet on the actual removal of personnel and equipment. The term sitting ducks come into mind. Again, Milley blamed Blinken and Biden without using their names.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLEY: On 14 April 2021, President Biden made the formal announcement of his decision to honor the Doha agreement with a military withdrawal while maintaining a continued diplomatic presence. The Department of Defense understood that our mission was to conduct a retrograde of the remaining U.S. military forces and equipment, while leaving a small contingent to defend the American Embassy, while diplomatic outcomes were negotiated.On 14th August, the noncombatant evacuation operation decision was made by the Department of State and the U.S. military alerted, marshaled, mobilized and rapidly deployed faster than any military in the world could ever do. It is my assessment that that decision came too late.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, the Department of State is not a person, of course. And of course, this all begs the question, why on earth did we stay in Afghanistan for 20 years. The money wasted, the wonderful, incredible brave people we lost. For what?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLEY: At the end of 20 years, we, the military helped build an army a state where we could not forge a nation. The enemy occupied Kabul, the overthrow of the government occurred and the military we supported for two decades faded away. That is a strategic failure.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, don't forget, we spent billions upon billions training Afghan troops. We were told it was going to work. Yet the military, the Afghan military, so it's called as soon as the Taliban began making resurgence. It dissolved. It's a tribal society and always will be. We had no business being there and despite our spending $800 billion annually on defense, you can't buy pragmatic thinking.The generals, heck, even low-level enlisted men stationed there knew full well what a ragtag group the Afghan security forces were. Without American money and our own military propping them up, they couldn't stand on their own.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MADELEINE DEAN (D-PA): What role did the sudden just almost instantaneous collapse of the Afghan government play in defense following the continuing evacuation and withdrawal.MCKENZIE: They melted away, and that was probably the most significant immediate operational effect of the collapse of the Afghan government. We thought, so it is a possibility, but that's why we had to put in 6000, almost 6000 U.S. forces to replace those Afghans that have melted away. We would have been able to hold HQ with a far smaller number of U.S. forces had the Afghans remained. But when the government collapsed, they went away. So that had a profound and immediate effect on everything else that followed.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Right, right. But aren't our generals, generals, because they have the ability to game out scenarios better than anyone else. They knew the President of Afghanistan was a puppet with no real support among the people. Thus, they should have known that he and all his top staff would plan to save themselves first by bugging out of the country. But they admitted their projections were off.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLEY: We estimated that the earliest time a complete collapse could be in the fall, maybe around Thanksgiving, something like that. Nothing indicated August per se, President Ghani, his entire cabinet less one, one went up into the Panjshir Valley, the rest of them, got on airplanes and took off out of the country. As soon as the ANSF saw that they literally took their uniforms off, put their weapons down, and it collapsed.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But no kidding, I mean this is obvious stuff. And this was predicted by people who were critics of this conflict from almost the beginning. And at one point today, General Milley seemed to indicate that real accountability may be long, long off, lots of documents need to be produced, and other military personnel need to testify.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLEY: If you're going to get an accurate picture. There's lots of people along the line that will need to be discussed. There is a lot of documents, the vast majority of them are classified, and many very highly classified. And how that would work between say the Department of Defense, Department of State, CIA, et cetera and the various committees. But to get a full comprehensive holistic picture, you're going to have to get documents and all that. That's going to take a long time and there's rules that govern all that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, of course, some key questions do remain that only the commanding officers on the ground know the answers to.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NATHANIEL MORAN (R-TX): When the team on the ground was seeking authority to take out the prospective bomber, and they saw somebody that match the description. They were told, quote, leadership did not have engagement authority for us, do not engage. Did we ever figure out what happened in the chain of command there?MILLEY: I don't have personal knowledge of that set of asks or denials.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait, he doesn't have knowledge about that set of asks or denies. That's, that's kind of strange, as that's a pretty important thing for him to have inquired about in the aftermath of Americans dying, don't you think?Now, right after that exchange, Chairman McCaul said that the committee has asked DOD for documents to be produced, and for the testimony of the commanding officers who were on the ground, but no luck so far getting any of that information.So, the obvious question, after years have gone by, what is the Biden administration hiding and why? If such a do not engage order had been in effect, it was insane, and that individuals should be fired. But then again, no one was ever fired in this administration for anything.Secretary Austin wasn't fired after being missing for three days and failing to disclose his hospitalization. Janet Yellen wasn't fired despite spectacularly missing inflation. Mayor Pete kept his job after East Palestine, Ohio, that derailment and various FAA screw ups. Alejandro Mayorkas, he wasn't fired when the border situation exploded. But then again, he's executing his orders perfectly. Flood the country with as many illegals as possible and who knows how many of them could actually end up voting for their benefactors.But in Biden, world firing Blinken or Austin would just mean admitting to failure. And remember to them, everything is a PR problem. The economy, the border, crime, Ukraine, all of it. They will never ever change their policies. They'll just rebrand the old policies. And the same refusal to cut your losses and change course infects our Pentagon, no matter how much and for how long American voters wanted to see an end to the Afghanistan war, the Pentagon never wanted to take its fingers out of the dike, no matter how unpopular the war became.And now all these years later, we still see no one take responsibility for major policy failures that resulted in an incalculable destruction to our country and the loss of life and at the same time, we see our government unfairly target President Trump, the chief political rival of Joe Biden. They're going to hold Trump accountable for no wrongdoing and let real wrongdoer escape, including in Biden's own family.In November, voters finally have their chance to do something that President refused to do. Fire the idiots responsible for the mess we're in. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Daniel Davis, Retired Lieutenant Colonel of Defense Priorities and host of The Daniel Davis Deep Dive on YouTube and Medal of Honor Recipient Staff Sergeant David Bellavia. Lieutenant Colonel Davis, let's start with you. No one's still held accountable despite American deaths. What did you think of Milley's testimony today?LT. COL. DANIEL DAVIS (RET), U.S. ARMY: Well, you know, I expected him to basically say that it wasn't his fault, and he was just following orders and all that. And that's pretty much what he did. A lot of the stuff he said was right, but it's what he didn't say, which really stood out to me. He didn't say that the President Trump had put the United States on a course to withdraw from Afghanistan by the March 31st of 2021, in February 2020. That should have put the Pentagon on a course to have a resource planned and rehearsed operation, how to get everybody out by the designated time.But as we found out, because he has said here, he actually didn't want to leave at all. So clearly, he drugged his feet, did not prepare any plan hoping that the next administration would change their mind. And then when they didn't, now then they're caught short, and they don't have much time to respond. I think that's one of the most egregious failures of the entire chain of command.INGRAHAM: Mr. Bellavia, your response to what you heard today, again, no one was fired, we still haven't heard from the COs on the ground. And really, the names weren't really used at all today. Nobody wants to take responsibility and certainly, Biden's not going to hold anyone accountable.STAFF SGT. DAVID BELLAVIA, MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENT: I just can't get over the fact that the beta males in the State Department are dictating to generals, four-star generals, Navy SEALs, Delta Force commanders how to fight. Stop it. You're telling me that you found out five days after six drones followed a guy around that you were telling us was the next Zarqawi of ISIS-K, only to find out he's the Poland Springs water delivery guy of Kabul, you saw secondary explosions.This whole thing is nonsense. It doesn't make any sense. And you know what, we're talking about not repeating the mistakes of Afghanistan. Laura, we're in Haiti right now and no one knows how many Americans are there. How many Americans to get out? We have no -- we are not learning lessons like we learned in Nigeria, or Niger or Belarus, or any of the other nine embassies that we've unloaded under President Biden. These aren't lessons learned.The State Department is running the show. Tony Blinken has more testosterone than General Milley. I don't understand what the hell is going on here.INGRAHAM: Well, Mark Milley did talk about the chain of command today. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLEY: One thing that you may take a look at is the law on lead federal agencies with respect to noncombatant evacuation operations. Who has decision authority, right now the law is ambassador and Secretary of State. Command and Control and the decision authority and who is in charge matters. And when you make these calls matter. So, I think that's something I believe it's codified in law actually, about the Department of State, I'm not positive about that, but I think it is.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Lieutenant Colonel, so the State Department, we hear made this call. But obviously we don't elect generals, we elect a president. So, he's the Commander in Chief and presumably, he was in the Situation Room on top of all these details, right? I mean, who is in charge here?DAVIS: Well, that's really the -- one of the big problems is that the lot, there was a lot of guys that kind of wanted to do something but didn't want to take responsibility. So, then you have this disaster here. And I give just a little bit of, I guess leeway in that the original plan was for the withdrawal of the military forces, and they thought that they were going to have the government there and that they will have a military there so they wouldn't be taken all the civilians out. That didn't come until very late.But they only get a little bit of credit for that because Milley said in September of 2021 that he was shocked that this had happened. You touched on that in your opening there that he should have known --INGRAHAM: How is he shocked?DAVIS: -- and there was plenty of people that told him --INGRAHAM: Yes.DAVIS: -- this is going to come across --INGRAHAM: I mean--DAVIS: -- the fact that he didn't know is even more problematic.INGRAHAM: Yes, David, on that point, we had forces that are men trained in Afghanistan who then turned guns on our troops, remember covering all those horrific cases where our troops were murdered by the people they trained. We knew or should have known these people that they had no loyalty to anything except getting a check, most of them, not all of them. But I mean, to act like you're surprised by this. I'm sorry, with all due respect to General Milley. I wasn't buying that at all.BELLAVIA: There was a whole lot today that required suspension of disbelief. And in real time, by the way, Pakistan is now doing air raids on Afghanistan. No one seemed to want to mention the elephant in the room is that the region's -- it's not just the Biden administration is screwing up the world. It's that these are real consequences. It's recruiting retention. It's affecting our recruiting our retention, and of course --INGRAHAM: Yes.BELLAVIA: -- you have Gold Star families that are affected forever. Listen, this was a campaign ad for 2024. That's what today was. It's time for adults to take the world over again and adults to return back in the room.INGRAHAM: Daniel and David, thank you both tonight. All right. Letitia James, she wants control of Trump Tower, and she wants Mar-a-Lago. Yes, Chris Landau is here to explain the lawfare, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Think about it, New York is still reeling from the violent random crime still plaguing the subways where working class people are essentially left an impossible choice. Take the risk of getting shot or stabbed by going underground or go into credit card debt by taking Ubers everywhere. Great choice. But those problems are for the little people to navigate because the Big Apple's radical A.G. has focused all her energy on a case where no one at all was even injured.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES (D), ATTORNEY GENERAL, NEW YORK: If he does not have funds to pay off the judgment, then we will seek judgment enforcement mechanisms in court. And we will ask the judge to seize his assets. We are prepared to make sure that the judgment is paid to New Yorkers. And yes, I look at 40 Wall Street each and every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: To seize their assets. She even sounds evil. And now Tish may get her wish. Trump has until Monday to secure his appeal bond of his nearly $500 million fine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It feels like this is perhaps the next to last step on the road to Donald Trump's financial demise. It would actually look like Tish James figuratively speaking, putting a big New York state padlock on Trump Tower.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Letitia James seizes his property, puts liens on all of his assets, bank accounts that doesn't -- is not restricted to New York. So, she probably at this point understands where he has different assets in Florida, Mar-a-Lago.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They're salivating, they're salivating. Joining me now is Chris Landau, former law clerk to Justice Scalia and Thomas, former ambassador to Mexico. Chris, a friend texted me today and said, Trump should crowd fund this fine. Like if I think like 1 million supporters each gave him $450. That would cover the fine. But in the meantime, what are his options here, an emergency stay from a federal court? Where does he go?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS LAW CLERK: Well, he's in the state court system now. So, what he has to do that the trial court in New York judge -- Justice Engoron who imposed the fine refuse to stay it, he has to go to the New York intermediate appellate court seeking relief and seeking some kind of a stay without posting the full amount of the bond, which his lawyers have said is impossible.I mean, who has $500 million in cash just sitting around under a mattress. Again, we're talking about a bond that would be put into escrow to satisfy the judgment, if he's able to raise that, that allows him to get a stay automatically, there can be no execution on the judgment. But unless he gets relief, either from the New York intermediate Appellate Court, or from New York's highest court, the Court of Appeals, he's going to basically be subject to execution on his properties by Tish James, as she's threatening unless he posts that bonds and get that automatic state.Regardless of the merits of the appeal. It's one of the crazy aspects that in a sense, the wackier and the bigger the underlying judgment, the harder it is to post a bond to prevent the judge from being executed when you're telling an Appellate Court. This is a wacky judgment.INGRAHAM: We've talked about this before, but for those across the country who haven't heard this, the Eighth Amendment, it's not just cruel and unusual punishment, but excessive fines against usually, we would think a criminal defendant, but in this case, this is a civil fine that would have to be decided at the Supreme Court of the United States level, correct?LANDAU: Yes, so that is a federal issue. The Eighth Amendment is an amendment to the U.S. Constitution. You can raise your federal issues. In fact, you have to raise your federal issues in the state court system. But ultimately, you can raise them all the way up to the U.S. Supreme Court, if necessary, if you don't get relief in the state court system.I continue to hope that somebody in the New York court system will recognize that New York has been the financial capital of the world for the past century, because it has a reputation for upholding the rule of law, Laura. And you know that reputation can be blown if New York is seen as a bunch of political hacks and clowns in their judiciary, who will do anything to reach a desired objective.So, I actually think a lot more is at stake here than Donald Trump. This is really about the future of New York as a great financial capital of the world. If you think Justice Engoron is going to be the kind of person that's in charge of your company, who's going to invest a nickel in New York?INGRAHAM: Chris, just to be clear, they have to raise the federal claim on appeal in the state intermediate court. Have they done that?LANDAU: You know, I haven't reviewed all the papers, Laura, I assume that he's got a good legal team. I assume they're raising all the necessary defenses. Now, again, what we're talking about here, the excessive fine. That's the case on the merits. Right. That's the merits of the appeal --INGRAHAM: Right. Still have to post the bond.LANDAU: -- we're discussing in the short run is the bond, which is really, again, that is the immediate issue, which is basically, unless he posts the bond, they can start executing on his -- on the judgment, even while the appeal is pending. Even if he wins the appeal. It could be that they'll seize Trump Tower.I think this is all going to backfire, politically. I would think if I were a Democrat, I would be trying to get Letitia James not to be seizing these properties. It may make MSNBC salivate. But I think a lot of people are going to be very turned off by this lawfare.INGRAHAM: Chris, thank you for the update --LANDAU: Particularly when they're taking the cash. Sure. My pleasure. It's --INGRAHAM: No --LANDAU: My pleasure, Laura. Good to see you.INGRAHAM: It's so out of control -- you can't believe this is actually I said it before the United States of America. Chris, thank you. All right. In just moments, polls are going to close in a key Republican Senate primary, we're going to have the latest. Plus, speaking of the Supreme Court, it gives Texas a big win in its fight against Biden's open borders. I'm going to explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Moments ago, polls closed in Ohio, where the GOP Senate primary is turning out to be a nail-biter. Fox News correspondent Mark Meredith is live from Cleveland at the headquarters for Trump-endorsed candidate Bernie Moreno. Mark, what's the feeling there?MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Laura, good evening to you. As you mentioned, the polls just closed within the last few minutes. It's still going to be some time before we find out which Republican is going to take on Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown in one of the most consequential Senate races this fall. This primary has certainly been contentious, where we are, as you mentioned, the campaign headquarters for Bernie Moreno. He's a businessman from Ohio, but is also the candidate former President Trump endorsed. And that Trump endorsement may make a huge difference in this race. We'll have to wait to see what the results say.We have seen Moreno campaign heavily on the MAGA agenda, as well as with the support of the last 72 hours of Ohio Senator J.D. Vance, vancing out there on the stump, really trying to help bring Moreno on the finish line. The other candidate we're closely watching is State Senator Matt Dolan. Dolan taking the opposite approach here to what we have seen with Moreno, instead campaigning with the governor of the state, Mike DeWine, as well as the former Senator Rob Portman.The idea of the campaign Dolan's trying to push forward is return from the pre-Trump era of Republican politics, pushing a little bit more civility in this race. And obviously, there's going to be a lot of focus about how much money was spent on this race, both Moreno and Dolan investing a lot of their own money to get to this point tonight.We're also listening for the Secretary of State Frank LaRose to see what kind of impact he'll have on the race. He campaigned, Laura, a lot on the Trump issues, but without that Trump endorsement, and also made it clear he hopes voters will see his Army record as something to be proud of. And we should get those results here in the next little bit. Laura.INGRAHAM: All right, Mark. Looking forward to it. Meanwhile, in a decision that has top Texas officials' jubilant tonight, the Supreme Court ruled six to three that SB4, the law allowing the state to arrest illegal border crossers, can take effect as the case returns to the federal appellate court for a full argument on the merits.And just yesterday, the court had extended the temporary block on the law. But today, both Mexican officials and the Biden administration were outraged in a statement the White House press office called the ruling harmful and unconstitutional. And then hilariously, they contend that it was -- it would burden law enforcement and, quote, "sow chaos."Joining me now, Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick. All right, Dan. Now you guys are causing chaos by enforcing laws that the feds refuse to enforce. Explain that to me.DAN PATRICK (R), TEXAS LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR: You know, Laura, we've talked about invasion so many times on your show that you've had me on. And I always believed, and I thank my great legal team and Senator Charles Perry, we wrote this bill, and we believed that we could make the case that this was a better law that failed from Arizona many years ago in the Supreme Court. It was a better law.It is constitutional because we could prove up we're being invaded. And that's I think is the key, land by sea, by air. You know the story of the drones, a thousand drones a month, you know, boats have been coming into Florida for four years, bringing in drugs and illegal immigrants and the millions that have crossed over Biden's open border policy.So, I all believed in this bill. A lot of people didn't. I believed in it. And this is, look, this is law now. It has to be finally adjudicated at some point in the courts. But we believe this is a great first step. And we're going to start arresting illegals and sending them back to Mexico or putting them in jail.INGRAHAM: Good. Good. Now, the Mexican foreign affairs secretary, no surprise here, reacted to the ruling this way, saying Mexico expresses its rejection of the decision of the Supreme Court for the entry into force. The S.B. for our country will not accept repatriations from the state of Texas. The dialogue on immigration matters will continue, et cetera, et cetera.So, what a big change from the days where the remain in Mexico policy was the law of the land under Trump, where basically they said, you don't allow us to send these people back and wait in your country. We're going to slap a huge tariff on your goods. And suddenly, Mexico is like, what can I do?PATRICK: Yeah. And look, Laura, President Trump, and I talked with him today after the Supreme Court decision, he had the border secured. And Joe Biden, open border policy, at least 10 million that have come across the 28 bridges from Mexico to Texas, that doesn't count all the millions that get through that we can't catch or we don't see. And of course, Mexico is taking that stand.And when President Trump returns to the White House, I believe that border will be closed on day one. And then he's going to begin sending back the people who are here illegally.And you know, there was a time, Laura, that some people said, well, you can't do that. Let me tell you what, whether you live in a red state or a blue state, a red city or a blue city, the citizens are fed up with the illegal immigrants all over their cities, all over their counties. And they will be supportive, overwhelmingly, I believe, of President Trump, the decision to do that.Laura, this is this is such a historic night. And again, we're going to see it all the way through. I believe we'll do well in the Fifth Circuit and it will go back to the Supreme Court. And I think today was a good first step.You're the legal, legal here. You've worked on the Supreme Court. I'm not a lawyer. I just knew this was a bill that had to happen because we are truly being invaded in Texas and in America.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, that's the plan. That's the Biden administration's policy.PATRICK: That's the plan. And we're going to start arresting them. Starts tomorrow.INGRAHAM: All right, Dan, we appreciate it. Thank you so much. We'll be watching.All right. China is trying to dominate and filtrate America's EV market. And now they're actually suing to help make that happen. I'm going to explain it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: How far do you think an American battery company would get if it tried to set up shop in small town China? Of course, it would never be allowed. But here in the United States, we allow Chinese interests free rein as long as they have the funds.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We love Michigan, and they just want to put communism in our backyard and we're just not OK with it.UNKNOWN: And I don't think that's something we want to invite into our backyard.UNKNOWN: The last thing in the world we want to do is give them an opportunity here to go and build this factory.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And now, small town USA is fighting back in court as it tries to block the move by Gotion Incorporated, which is a subsidiary of a billion- dollar Chinese energy firm. Green Charter Township halted Gotion's proposed project in their town, and the China-backed firm is suing for a reversal.Joining me now is Jason Kruse, Green Charter Township supervisor. Jason, why did this China-connected firm decide to locate their plant in your little township?JASON KRUSE, GREEN CHARTER TOWNSHIP SUPERVISOR: Well, the optics of it are obviously Chinese. Right now, we're not worried about if it's Chinese, if it's American or any of that. At this point in time, what we're worried about is for our township and for our township constituents, whether or not this type and scope of project actually fits with -- for our community.INGRAHAM: I understand you might not be arguing that in court, but you know what the constituents of this township believe and what they're saying. They don't like it at all. And Gotion, the firm, gave a statement to Fox Digital saying, in part, it's unfortunate that Gotion has had to resort to litigation to get the township to comply with their obligations under the agreement.We're unable to comment further since this is now an ongoing legal matter. So, there was an agreement that apparently you guys entered into with this firm. I would say --KRUSE: Well, that came from the -- oh, sorry.INGRAHAM: I would say it wasn't very bright, but go ahead. Yeah. Your previous, previous local government. Go ahead.KRUSE: Correct. Well, that was from the previous government. We went through a recall election. We ended up winning the recall election on the majority. And so, in doing that, obviously there's a lot of adaptation that happens with the local government when you take office in a situation like that. We had a lot of things to work out and we were working through those things. When I finally met with the Gotion representative on December 7th, we had a cordial conversation to get our, you know, main deductions done.And then, the very next day they served us with a threat letter saying that we were in violation of the development agreement, given and citing two resolutions that we rescinded as a board. That was the resolution to support bringing water to the Gotion site, and a second one to support bringing Gotion to our township. And the reason why the board took that stance --INGRAHAM: Jason, they don't care. Jason, I'm sorry to interrupt. We got to cut to the chase. This is cable TV.KRUSE: Yeah, sure.INGRAHAM: They don't care about bringing water. It's irrelevant. That's not what they're interested in. I mean -- so, I mean, I think it's great that you're fighting this. And I think, you know, our entire country should fight what ultimately is the buying up of U.S. resources, or in this case, the placement of this factory there. I have a feeling it wouldn't be a lot of American employees there, but we'll see how that shakes out. Jason, thank you.All right. Not surprising, but America's minor fling with electric vehicles has already run its course.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: These efforts have hit an unnerving speed bump. EV sales are slowing. In August 2023, it took about twice as long to sell an EV in the U.S. as it did the previous January. Gas burning vehicles were still selling briskly.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But of course, the Biden administration doesn't care what you want. It's all about their agenda to eliminate options and limit your freedom.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: EV sales in the U.S. have quadrupled over the first -- the past three years, almost one in 10 cars sold here is electric. By 2030, our modelers expect our electric grid will run on 80 percent clean energy on the path to get to 100 percent clean electricity by 2035.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The EPA is set to issue new guidelines as soon as tomorrow. That would basically require car manufacturers to produce electric vehicles beginning in 2027, just as people don't want them. And the new push will also target, and this is key, gas-powered vehicle emissions.Joining me now, Daniel Turner, founder and executive director of Power the Future. Daniel, China will dominate the world market in EVs. That battery factory story was interesting that we just did. But if Trump doesn't win and reverse this, what will this mean for Detroit?DANIEL TURNER, POWER THE FUTURE FOUNDER: Yeah, the Biden administration will definitely use their coercive power of government to regulate the fossil fuel industry out of existence, and that means gas powered cars, as well as all gas-powered appliances, leaf blowers, lawnmowers, etc.So, these emission standards that are going to come out tomorrow, I haven't seen them, but I'm 100 percent certain they're going to be incredibly punitive because, as you mentioned earlier, EV sales are dwindling. And so, the only way to make people buy an EV is to force them by eliminating the competition.And they will use the power of government to regulate out of existence the big three and all other free market products that they don't want you to have anymore.INGRAHAM: Yeah, Trump, you know, they went after him because he called it a bloodbath. We know what a bloodbath is in the automobile manufacturing market. It would just mean the closure of American car companies. That's what he was getting at.And what about the lie at the same time that this is better for the environment? That's a constant lie that's told about electric vehicles.TURNER: Well, EVs, all of the adjectives they use, they're carbon neutral, they're green, they're clean. Those are all made up terms, just as made up as Jennifer Granholm's statistics there that by 2030, 50 percent of EVs -- 50 percent of cars will be EVs. These are all arbitrary numbers pulled out of thin air. They're not based on free markets or free decisions. They're based on politics.But the problem is that when you have the power of government to force a political decision, well, you're going to wield it without care for freedom, for free people, for your property. So, it's going to be really, really devastating.And look, we've seen EV manufacturing plants move to Mexico, and the company that did so -- this is so offensive. They said Mexico does this very efficiently. No, they don't. I mean, Mexico doesn't have an OSHA. They don't have an EPA. They don't have labor unions. They don't have to give you weekends off.INGRAHAM: Of course not.TURNER: So that's what they're going to do. They're going to drive out businesses and they're going to move overseas like the EV industry is regulated.INGRAHAM: Daniel, I got it. I got to read one comment. This is from the CEO of the Chinese EV maker, XPeng. He told employees, this year also marks the beginning of a fierce competition that may end in a bloodbath or, as I prefer to call it, the brutal knockout round among Chinese automakers. Daniel, I guess it's OK when the Chinese say it. All right, Daniel, we appreciate it. Exactly. We're not allowed. We can't even say it on the show.All right. What do Biden's handlers have in common with the Oscars? Jimmy Failla is here to explain it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now it's time for WTF or What the Failla? Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday night. All right, Jimmy, good to see you tonight. I know you're excited because Biden had an Oscar-esque moment today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Wages up across the board. So, folks, look, I'm going on too long. I apologize.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: That must be my travel staff.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: No, I mean, yeah, he tried to cover that. But what's really going on there?JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT HOST: Well, what's going on is the Easter bunny wasn't there. Normally they wouldn't play music. The Easter bunny would come out like they did at that Easter egg roll that time. Which to this day, if you watch the video of him getting interrupted by the Easter bunny, he looks like a guy who believes he met a talking rabbit. It's actually pretty funny to watch.But in this instance, they just couldn't play his campaign song, Free Fallen, so they went with that old jam. And this is where we're at now.INGRAHAM: They always do that, though, Jimmy. They have him say, oh, I better not go there. I'll get in trouble. Or I think I've gone on too long.FAILLA: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Or look. Yeah, that's his little crutch, his verbal crutch.FAILLA: That's how he's asking for them to stop the fight. Essentially, we have a president, it's like if anyone's ever traveled with a toddler, you have devices in case they kind of lose their way. You have a lollipop. You have a squeaky toy. That's our president now. They have like a little bag of things in case things go wrong.Quick, play a song. Quick, hand him an ice cream cone. Get him out of here. It's kind of crazy to watch, but that's the world we're living in.INGRAHAM: Now, Jimmy, the New York Times put out an opinion piece today, celebrating your friends at the Deep State, calling it actually kind of awesome. When we hear Deep State, instead of recoiling, we should really think we should rally. We should think about the workers as the everyday superheroes who wake up ready to dedicate their careers and their lives to serving us.FAILLA: Yeah. When I heard the narration, I got to be honest, I preferred it better in the original North Korean, you know, because you understood the propaganda for what it was. Like, this is so embarrassing.I mean, tell me you're dating a spy without telling me you're dating a spy. Either that or I don't even know what to make of this. It was supposed to be funny because they were showing rank and file workers. But it's a straw man argument because Trump isn't going after rank-and-file workers. He's talking about powerful bureaucrats that are shaping government policy, which we all know is the case.So, a little bit of a mess. But again, it's always nice when the New York Times can get a pat on the back from Kim Jong Un for a job well done.INGRAHAM: Well, I think they see that people are turning against the abuse of government authority and the use of it against the people. And they want to try to resurrect -- you know, try to protect them. But, Jimmy, we have to get to this story because this is right in your wheelhouse. One of the royals has a new business venture. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Meghan Markle decided it was the right moment to take to Instagram to launch her new lifestyle brand, American Riviera Orchard.UNKNOWN: Now, the trademark registration for Meghan's new brand promises things like tableware, cookware, food, textiles.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Jimmy, is this the new goop called dupe?FAILLA: Do you know that scientists actually have a word for people who buy Meghan Markle's brand? They're called idiots. OK, this is such a grift. American Riviera Orchard. What is that? It sounds like an expensive candle that will upset my dog when he smells it because they've blended some pretentious scent.But there's this part of me that respects her because she's gotten rich off stupid people. She's like the Bernie Sanders of celebrities, and that she's making money playing some sort of a victim.INGRAHAM: All right, Jimmy, great to see you as always. And I know you're going to be buying her freshly minted candles. Catch Jimmy on the road. He'll be in Montana. Lots of cool places. Follow me on social media. Jesse is next.