SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, jailbreak at MSDNC where conservatives and Trump supporters, they are clearly not welcome ever. It's official, the inmates now are officially running the asylum. Now, NBC News just cave to the breathless demands from their far-left, frankly emotionally unhinged hosts and they canned former RNC chair Ronna McDaniel, just a few short days after hiring the former RNC chairwoman.And coming up, we'll have the very latest hysteria from the left echo chamber at Joe Biden's favorite fake news network, the conspiracy channel.And also tonight, by the way, we have a lot more on deck, including a truly insane new development out of Michigan and New York City where illegal immigrants are now being paid to break our laws. You're actually paying for it. This as New York City is to descending into even more lawlessness and violence as yet another person was just pushed to their death on the subway tracks and another cop was shot and murdered and killed. That's a - we have a full report on. That's all straight ahead.Plus, we'll bring you an update from the Sean Diddy Combs' sex trafficking saga. It's getting wild.And we'll introduce you to RFK Jr.'s new running mate who is reportedly now causing a great deal of anxiety inside of the Biden campaign.But we start with Joe Biden himself. Now, before the president and vice president departed on separate planes for an event in North Carolina -- well, Joe did try to offer some brief remarks on the tragic bridge collapse that took place in Baltimore.Here is the sad and pathetic part, as per usual, Biden made it all about himself and yet another tall tale about his own personal connection to that bridge which didn't exist. We'll tell you in a minute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: At about 1:30, containers ship struck the Francis Scott Key Bridge which I've been over many, many times commuting from the state of Delaware either by train or by car, been to Baltimore Harbor, many times.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Big problem, you see there's no railroad on the Francis Scott Key Bridge and there would be no reason for Joe Biden to cross it on his way to D.C.But like every other national tragedy, whatever -- whatever this issue is, Joe Biden always seems to find a way to make it all about himself. Remember, he did this with Afghanistan after the horrific withdrawal, lying about his own son dying in Iraq. It never happened. He did something similar after the death devastating wildfires, if you recall in Hawaii, embellishing what was a tiny little house fire in Delaware, why? To one-up the suffering, the disaster that uh was happening to people in Maui? He nearly lost his precious Corvette? Oh, geez, the vapors, the horrors.And he did the same thing in Florida if you recall after a hurricane. He also frequently lies about his struggles during the civil rights movement. He lied about getting arrested, protesting apartheid in South Africa. He lied about his time as middle class Joe on Amtrak. And according to Joe Biden, no one knows to struggle and sacrifice like Joe Biden. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Sunny Sunday, lightning struck at home on a little lake that's outside of our home, not a lake a big pond and hit a wire and came up underneath our home into the -- into the duct, the air conditioning duct. Make a long story short, I almost lost my wife, my '67 Corvette and my cat.I know from experience how much -- how much anxiety and fear and concern there are on the people. We didn't lose our whole home but lightning struck and we lost an awful lot of it, about 15 years ago.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When Joe Biden, our elected president, entered the room, when he approached me, his words to me were, my -- my wife Jill and I know how you feel. We lost our son as well and brought him home in a flag- draped coffin.My heart started beating faster and I started shaking, knowing that their son died from cancer and they were able to be by his side.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: In reality, the guy who kept looking down at his watch during the dignified transfer of the U.S. service members killed in Afghanistan because of his botched withdrawal and denied the existence of his own four- year-old granddaughter until it hurt him politically in the polls, he doesn't seem to really understand something called empathy.And today, Joe and Kamala, well, they took a quick trip to North Carolina. It went -- well, I guess about as well as you can expect with both of them. Take a look. You decide.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Pretty incredible and so is Kamala. She's really incredible. I know it sounds hard to believe then if you kept pray God you had have to go through that, but companies would stop covering and -- and that life was put in danger. Fourteen years ago this week, I stood by President Obama when he signed the Affordable Care Act in the law, Obamacare. And as many of you know, I thought it was a big deal.Thank God my mom wasn't around.Folks, if America sends me a Congress that are Democrats, I promise you, Kamala and I will restore Roe v. Wade as the law of the land again.I'm serious, this is what -- if -- if you didn't know any better, you think I'm making this stuff up.We're the only country in the world that's come out of every crisis stronger than we went in, the only country in the world. There is nothing beyond our capacity when we act together, not a single thing. This is the United States of America.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Not talking about the disaster at the border, he's not talking about the disaster about law and order and safety and security and towns and cities all across the country. He's not talking about the struggling economy, the 60 percent of our fellow Americans living paycheck to paycheck, many Americans putting their bare necessities on their credit cards. That's the only way they can make it every month.And after struggling through that speech, Biden then seemed shocked and surprised that his vice president was even there.Biden's obvious cognitive decline is just one major problem that Democrats will be facing in November. In poll after poll, independent candidate Robert Kennedy Jr. is peeling off significant numbers of votes, most of them seemingly coming from Joe Biden. It makes sense that RFK Jr. is a traditional, liberal, progressive environmentalist, a once reliable Democratic voter who now denounces Biden's insane policies at the border and has some belief in civil liberties. He's also not suffering from steep cognitive decline, I guess that's a huge plus.RFK, Jr. is definitely a left winger and loves -- you know, lover of taxes, regulations all things Obama, Clinton, Biden, environmentalists and that's a huge problem for the Biden campaign. They now set out by the way to go after Robert F. Kennedy Jr. They will smear, slander, besmirch attack every second, every minute, every hour, they're not doing it against Trump.Now, today, Kennedy announced his running mate, a northern California lawyer and entrepreneur who really does embody the American dream. Her name, Nicole Shanahan, grew up extremely poor in a single family household. Her father suffered from mental illness and her mother, a Chinese immigrant worked hard, but struggled to make ends meet, once relying on welfare, didn't want her kids seeing if when she was using food stamps in a store.She remembers her mother being ashamed of that issue and asking her and her brother to leave so they wouldn't see that.At the age of 38, Shanahan happens to be one of the wealthiest people in America. Nicole Shanahan, she has a life story that anyone could be proud of, but she is a life long liberal Democrat from San Francisco. She brags that she is a progressive, quote, through and through and an environmentalist. Again, a huge problem for Biden and Harris.For example, take a look at Texas Democrats, they have long dreamed of turning the Lone Star State blue for many years, even before Beto Bozo O'Rourke pranced onto the scene in 2020. Well, Trump won the state by about six points but now according to a new Marist poll, Trump is up by double digits, beating Biden in that state by 11 points.Now, when you throw Robert Kennedy, Jr. into the mix, Trump goes up by an even wider margin, with Kennedy peeling off 15 percent of the vote, and according to the Real Clear Politics average, take a look at this in a three-way race between Trump and Biden and RFK, Jr., Trump wins Wisconsin by three, Georgia by seven, Arizona by six, Nevada by six, Pennsylvania by two.That means Donald Trump will be elected the 47th president of the United States if that holds.North Carolina by nearly seven and Michigan by almost three points. It is very early. We are 223 days away and anything can happen.And tonight, Trump isn't just faced with intense -- an intense political campaign as we have been talking about, we have a weaponized Justice Department. He is now forced to combat that Department of Justice and also, you have going on in New York and other places, you have another left-wing judge and Biden donor has imposed a gag order against Donald Trump ahead of Alvin Bragg's bizarre criminal case against the former president over documents that were allegedly mislabeled.Now Trump cannot even speak out in his own defense. He can't defend himself against political attack stemming from the indictments. Of course, these conveniently handed down in the middle of an election.I thought we' lived in the United States of America. I thought we celebrated freedom of speech. Is this still America? Because I'm beginning to wonder.Far left courts in this country are out of control. They're doing this more and more, silencing people and threatening people to that they'll send them to jail if they dare speak out in their own defense.Message is very clear, if the powerful government, their bureaucrats in New York City, Washington, D.C., Fulton County, Georgia, they don't like your politics, they don't like your last name, they're going to try and put you in jail. They want to take away your property. They want to silence your dissent and ruin your life forever. Is that the country you want to live in?If Democrats are successful in 223 days in November, this chilling system of justice, that will be coming to a town near you, if they can do this to Trump, they can do it to anybody.Here with reaction, Texas Senator Ted Cruz.Senator, anything I'm saying there constitutionally. You're a great scholar. You've argued before the Supreme Court. Alan Dershowitz has said even though he disagrees with you politically, you're one of the smartest debaters and students he ever had.Am I right on the Constitution?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Sean, you are absolutely right. What we are seeing across the board in the legal system is the weaponization and the politicization of the of our legal system. In over two centuries of our nation's history, if a president has never been indicted, a former president has never been indicted, in just over one year, Donald Trump has been indicted four times by partisan Democrat prosecutors who hate his guts. On top of that, you have the ridiculous civil lawsuit by Letitia James, a partisan Democrat who ran on the promise to, quote, get Donald Trump got a $450 million judgment against him.She wants to take a half billion dollar from him for an offense that injured nobody, that there was no harm, and that the supposed victim who made money on it were giant international banks. It is absurd.And here's the most important thing to understand, it is not just that Democrats hate Donald Trump, they do to be sure, but the real target here is you the American voters. This is an assault on democracy and Democrats love to beat their chest and say we're defending democracy, but the reason all of these cases are being brought is because Democrats are terrified that the voters in November are going to reelect Donald Trump as president and they're trying to bring the entirety of the legal system to stop the voters.This is the greatest assault on democracy literally in the history of our country, and we're seeing it with every elected Democrat quietly applauding and celebrating this assault.HANNITY: You know, where's Merrick Garland? Don't we call the department he heads up, it's called, correct me if I'm wrong, the Department of Justice. I believe in equal justice under the law, equal application of our laws.Now, correct me if I'm wrong, in every one of those Trump Organization deals when they were applying for loans and applying for insurance policies, there was a disclaimer in every one of them saying don't use our valuations -- by the way, nobody lending hundreds of millions of dollars or ensuring hundreds of millions of dollars in property would ever go with somebody else's valuations. They have a fiduciary responsibility to do their own.So you have a disclaimer in there saying don't use our valuations and then if this whole case is about valuation, can you explain to me how the judge to this day is still adhering to a value of Mar-a-Lago at a mere $18 million when in fact you can't get a you can buy a two-acre lot on the ocean in Palm Beach, Florida, that's $200 million.CRUZ: Yeah.HANNITY: This has 22 acres. It has the intercoastal, it has the ocean, it has a historic building, it's got two clubs. And I might add, it's in pristine condition with some odd bath -- bedrooms and bathrooms.So you tell me, Senator, does Merrick Garland not have a duty -- does he not see what's going on? Are judges like this allowed to sit on the bench and put out half of a billion dollars in fines, really? Is that our country?CRUZ: Look, of course, Merrick Garland sees what's going on, but he wants this to happen. Merrick Garland is the most politicized attorney general in history. This Department of Justice has been weaponized.And listen, I want everyone at home to think about in terms of what Letitia James argued. She says that Trump overvalued his real estate. Well, think about it, how many of y'all have ever gotten a home mortgage. If you get a home mortgage, you go to your bank and say, you know what, I love this house. It's really pretty. The backyard, I love the flowers and trees. I think the house is worth $10 million.Now, is there a bank on earth that would say, okay, if it's worth $10 million, we'll give you a $10 million mortgage? No, they'll send in a appraiser, they'll look at it and they'll tell you, this is what it's worth and we ain't giving you a penny more.In this instance, the victim was Deutsche Bank, a global multibillion dollar company. They know how to value real estate. Their testimony at the trial is they thought these loans were great loans.They were thrilled. They said Donald Trump was a whale. They made money on him. They wanted to make more loans just like it.And you mentioned Mar-a-Lago, the idea -- you and I have both been to Mar- a-Lago. It's an incredible property. The idea that it's worth $18 million, you can't buy a hot dog stand in Palm Beach for $18 million.When I last saw Trump at Mar-a-Lago, I told him. I said -- I'll tell you what, Mr. President, I'll give you $28 million for it right now, I don't have $20 million, but if you say yes, I promise you I can raise it in 60 seconds. And, of course, he laughed because it is absurd. It is a property that is worth hundreds of millions of dollars.But, look, that smarmy, sanctimonious, smiling judge is a vicious partisan who hates Donald Trump and he loved -- I'm going to take a half billion dollars from you because I hate you, rule of law be damned. And did one Democrat in New York speak out against it?And by the way, who in their right mind would do business in New York? Because you know what, first, Letitia James comes for Donald Trump, but the next business owner who ticks off the Democrats in power, they're going to come and take millions from you. This is a catastrophic decision for the rule of law in New York.HANNITY: Yeah. Senator Cruz, and I want people to understand that Chuck Schumer has made Senator Cruz's number one target, and literally, tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars are going into Texas to smear the senator. Senator, we need you back. I'm not very happy with the number of your colleagues for not being conservative, you have been a staunch, steady conservative voice and a fighter. We need you back in the Senate. So we appreciate you being here.All right. Joining us now from the great --CRUZ: Thank you, Sean. Appreciate it.HANNITY: Oh, yeah, go ahead. Oh, you bet, Senator.All right. Joining us now from the great state of South Carolina, Senator Tim Scott is with us, another solid conservative.There, you know, frankly, I'm going to be honest senator, you, Ted Cruz. I -- there's a handful of you, but not enough that are conservative enough that are willing to fight. Why is that?SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Yeah, that's a good question. We have to continue to elect conservative senators. We need a majority in the Senate, not of just Republicans but of conservatives so that we can call out this justice system that is actually the perversion of justice.Sean, here's what we're looking at and it is very clear, tantamount to election interference is what we're seeing in New York, what we're seeing in the DOJ. They literally want to make sure that the voters do not have a choice. This is not about democracy. We are the greatest republic on the planet and it looks like we're a kangaroo court, because the perversion of justice is the end of America and this is that, plus election interference.I've never seen anything like it in my life.HANNITY: All right. Let me -- let me ask you about what we see going on. And you know, the one thing Biden can't talk about, he's not going to talk about his open borders policy. He's not going to take responsibility. After three years of lying to us saying it was closed and secure, you know, now, he's blaming Republicans which is beyond offensive to me.We're going to give a list of how many people have died that we know of. They don't keep those records. We'll get to that, and it's -- or what he's doing to the economy.When you talk to constituents in South Carolina, what are they saying about the border? What are they saying about the economy? What are they saying about prices and everyday living? How do they feel about war in Europe and war in the Middle East?SCOTT: They are losing their minds under Joe Biden. Here's a fact about South Carolinians. We are hardworking patriots who love America and yet 60 percent of South Carolinians thereabout are still living paycheck to paycheck without $1,000 in their savings account.Inflation has devastated the average South Carolinian, adding about $900 a month of additional expenses. That's more than $10,000 when your average income is around $50,000. That's 20 percent of your money gone because of Joe Biden's inflation. The economy is imploding.You talk about the impact of open, unsecure borders, 70,000 Americans but thousands of South Carolinians have lost their life to fentanyl. We've not even gotten to the fact that the 10 million invasion of illegal immigrants, it's devastating every county in every state absolutely here at home as well.But law and order, we love our military, we love our police. Law and order devastated under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Remember, Kamala Harris is a person that started raising bail money for someone who was later charged with murder. Unbelievable.Time for a change. We were better with Trump.HANNITY: They're not going to stop. We're not going to stop. They shouldn't stop, oh, she's talking about the 574 riots in the summer of 2020, that everybody in the media mob and Kamala Harris said was mostly peaceful. Yeah, tell that to the dozens of dead Americans, those thousands of injured cops and the property owners that had billions in property damage.All right. Senator Tim Scott, thank you tonight.When we come back, we have a live update on the Baltimore bridge collapse.Also tonight, well, the inmates over there at MSDNC, they're running that asylum. Tonight, the network fired Ronna McDaniel. We have all the details, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Now, let's turn our focus to Baltimore.And joining us now with the very latest on the tragic bridge collapse is our own Kevin Corke.Scary, frightening, chilling, sad.Kevin, what's the latest?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Absolutely, Sean, all of those words certainly apply.And while the search for answers for why that cargo mysteriously hit the bridge overnight, we did answer a major question that has been pressing throughout the day, that regarding the ongoing search for possible survivors.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COAST GUARD: So, I'd like to announce tonight that based on the length of time that we've gone in this search the extensive search efforts that we've put into it the water temperature that at this point we do not believe that we're going to find any of these individuals still alive. And so, this evening, at about 7:30, we are going to suspend the active search and rescue efforts.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: It is believed, Sean, that at least six people have died as a result of this tragedy. Sadly, the death toll may actually rise further in the days ahead. We'll keep an eye on that.Now, throughout the day, we did receive updates from various state, local and federal officials, each promising more than the last to rebuild as soon as possible. Meantime over at the White House, President Biden offered to provide any and all federal assistance needed to clear the waterway and to resume port traffic which as you know is critical to both national commerce as well as national security.I should also add this, Sean -- we have been in contact with officials with the FBI throughout the day and they insist that there has been no evidence to suggest that terrorism was a factor in this bridge accident, at least not yet -- Sean.HANNITY: All right. Kevin, our prayers are with the families obviously tonight. We're going to continue to follow this story.Now, also, as I said last night on this program, yep, over at MSDNC, the inmates that are on air alleged talent, they're running the asylum. And tonight, I've been proven right because breaking this evening, we now know the network announced they are parting ways with Ronna McDaniel. That didn't take long.This after numerous on-air talents at NBC and MSDNC had on air meltdowns and temper tantrums over her hiring. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We hope NBC will reconsider its decision. It goes without saying that she will not be a guest on "Morning Joe" and her capacity as a paid contributor.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She is also as of last week, a very, very well paid contributor to NBC News, something that has alarmed many of us in this company, because Ronna McDaniel has been a major peddler of the big lie.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The fact that Ms. McDaniel is on the payroll at NBC News, to me, that is inexplicable. I mean, you wouldn't -- you wouldn't -- you wouldn't hire a like a wise guy, you wouldn't hire a maid man like a mobster to work at a D.A.'s office, right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I found out about it on Friday when it was publicly announced. I stopped inviting Trump liars like her on this program in 2016.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I wanted to work on behalf of the American people to try to make their lives better, that's why I did campaigns. But here's the thing -- that kind of experience only matters and only has value to viewers, all of you, if it is paired with honesty. This is about truth versus lies, service to the country versus service to one man committed to toppling our democratic system. That is the type of experience that Ronna McDaniel brings to the table.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And after tonight's news, the liberal leftist radicals over at MSDNC, they couldn't hide their glee. Ronna was ousted, the inmates won. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I just have to say, when somebody does the right thing, I feel like it should be acknowledged as publicly as we acknowledged our outrage. And so, I -- I know how I feel about it. I am grateful to Cesar for actually making the right decision. I think it was the right decision.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Acknowledging that you might have gotten something wrong is a real sign of strength, a real show of strength and I think it's a show of strength and I think it's a show of respect for the people who work at this company and who make us who we are, that leadership was willing to change on this and I'm -- I'm grateful to them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We really are trying to get it right. We are not feeding you lies to be good team players. It's a foundational principle for both working in the press and I think healthy democratic dialogue and debate. And I have to say, I really appreciate working at a place that was able to say we got this one wrong and they made the right decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Charlie Hurt and Joe Concha.Joe, are you or have you ever been a Republican or a supporter of Donald Trump? Because if you have been, if you are, your -- your voice is not allowed to be heard at NBC News because the people that claim that they are journalists, they are not journalists. They are all leftists, radical, liberal talk show hosts. They claim to be something they are not.Once they determine, once the bob comes out, well, look, what happens. God forbid they get the vapors, my gosh, I can't hear from a Trump supporter. I'm going to melt, I'm melting. Really?Yeah, they're going to let them make the decision?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That's the thing, right? At one point, Joe Scarborough said, hey, nobody checked with me before this decision was made as if talent decides these things before executives hire contributors.Look, thanks to the brave men and women on MSNBC, the Edward R. Murrows of the 21st century, Sean, and thanks to NBC executives like Cesar Conde, who is as spineless as a paperback book. We could all sleep well because the cradle of democracy, it's safe tonight according to these people, because as you said, the one Republican who supports Donald Trump that was going to be on that network will never be on NBC News or MSNBC ever again.And what this shows us, Sean, is that the children are officially running the child care that is NBC News. 30 Rock should just changed its name to 30 Arkham at this point. We all just saw what happened.Management got publicly shamed and bullied here, so McDaniel is out and the people who drove her out are the same people who insisted the Steele dossier was real, speaking of truth, insisted Donald Trump was a pawn of the Kremlin and still is, insisted Hunter Biden's laptop was Russian disinformation, and insisted COVID could not possibly have come from a lab.And they're the same journalists who will scream about truth being their top priority, only to say and coming up next, stick around for exclusive interviews with Russia collusion aficionado, Adam Schiff, election deniers Karine Jean-Pierre, Hakeem Jeffries, and Hillary Clinton, that's next on MSNBC.And this is so reminiscent of what we witnessed at "The New York Times" not long ago. Remember, Senator Tom Cotton, Republican, former military, he writes a piece calling for the National Guard to be called in when riots get out of control, as was a common occurrence when he wrote that in the summer of 2020, and many in "The New York Times" newsroom revolted in the same pious and patently insufferable manner that we just witnessed over at 30 Rock.The result, the editor James Bennett who only won a Pulitzer, so what does he know? Bennett was shown the door and the Cotton piece was taken down. Pyongyang's got nothing on our media, where the same people screaming about how they're going to save democracy act in the most Soviet of ways and squashing the most important diversity of all, that's the diversity of ideas, Sean, of thought, of ideology. It's a sorry state of affairs. It's only going to get worse by the way because this behavior just keeps getting rewarded as we just saw.HANNITY: And just like they won't even air President Trump, a top presidential candidate, giving a speech because he's wrong. We have decided.You know, for 28 years, believe it or not, Charlie, if you look at the initial tapes of me on this network from day one, the odds were I was not going to make it to be the longest running primetime host in cable news history. I can tell you this, in 28 years, I have never been consulted about the hiring of somebody. I don't own the network. I don't -- I'm not in charge of hiring, I'm not in charge of firing.And my job is to do the best hour of television I can do. Now, I've made my recommendations known. I think that Joe, for example, would be great having his own media show here on FOX. I saw you filling in on "FOX & Friends" this weekend. I thought you did a great job. I love seeing you on more and more. And I'll be vocal if asked.But that's not -- I don't own this network, I wish I did, but I don't and nor do I -- nor was I hired to be the manager of this network. And you know what? Other people have that job, thank God.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, well, yeah, no kidding. Well, I have to first thank you, Sean, for putting together that montage because that is the funniest thing I think I have seen in months. Can you imagine the psychiatrist who has to -- to listen to these people through go through their struggle sessions in their personal life? I can't -- whatever -- whatever their psychiatrists are getting paid, it's not enough. These people are insufferable.And getting a lecture from them about truth and journalism and honesty is one of the funniest things I've ever heard, as Joe went through all of the examples of the things that they gladly tout on their -- on their program.But one person in particular I think is worth noting, one of their biggest contributors is John Brennan, former CIA director. This is a man who among all of the things that he has done, he is -- he is election denier, he's an election interferer, he's the one who -- he was among the intelligence officers who lied and said that the that that Hunter Biden's laptop was Russian disinformation. He's a peddler of Russian disinformation and he got busted spying on United States senators.And these people are going to lecture somebody else about the truth? Give me a break.HANNITY: Yeah. But liberals are so inclusive, they're so open. You know, they believe in the free -- no, they don't believe in any of that. That's a crock.All right. Thank you both.When we come back, blue state cities, they are continuing to prioritize illegal American citizens. It is costing you a fortune, tens and hundreds of millions, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The impact effects of Joe Biden's border crisis continue to wreak havoc all across the country. Now back in October, Michigan launched the program which is attracting more attention in recent days. They're offering up to $500 a month in rental assistance to asylum seekers. You might want to watch out for swatters.Anyway, also in Michigan, a woman was allegedly killed by an illegal immigrant and a carjacking gone wrong. Sadly, she is only the latest victim across the country. Now, since Joe Biden took office and opened up the borders, almost 10 million unvetted illegal Joe Biden immigrants, and so many have died at the hands of these illegal immigrants that were unvetted.Look, scrolling the names here, just take a look -- some of the victims, this is not a complete list by any means. How convenient, by the way, the Biden White House, they don't keep statistics of violent crimes and murders committed by illegals. And the problem is not going to go away, it's going to get worse.Listen to Director Wray, listen to the head of the border patrol, they are warning everybody, it's not when, it's if.New York City now has begun handing out prepaid debit cards to illegal immigrants as part of a $53 million pilot program. And according to a new report, Biden is now considering granting amnesty and handing out green cards to illegal immigrants who have been here for more than years and have relatives who would suffer if they were deported.Oh, here's something of great worth, I hope you remember us at the polls.Here with reaction, former senior White House aid to President Trump, Stephen Miller, podcast host, Tudor Dixon.Stephen Miller, you have been on this from day one, rightly so. And here we are, and you know what? Most Americans don't know the names of all of these victims. They don't keep statistics on these victims. Your take?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR WHITE HOUSE AIDE TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: They don't keep statistics. They don't talk about from this White House, from the White House press podium, from Joe Biden's mouth, they do not talk about the countless Americans who have been burglarized, beaten, raped, and yes, murdered by Joe Biden's illegal aliens, the illegal aliens that he let into the country.Your own Bill Melugin just reported another case where Joe Biden freed an illegal alien Venezuelan gang member who is now charged in a drive-by shooting. We are transplanting criminal syndicates, Sean, into the United States of America wreaking havoc all across this country. It is Biden's border bloodbath, that is what is happening in America and it is only going to get worse. We are just seeing the beginning of the horrors that are being unleashed by Joe Biden's erased and eradicated border.HANNITY: You know in your state of Michigan, Tudor Dixon, $500 a month rent for illegal immigrants and you have an illegal immigrant now charged in killing a woman in Michigan in a car jacking that apparently went wrong. I guess maybe the person didn't give up the car fast enough, I'm not sure. But this is just one of the latest examples of violent crime and murder that are being committed by Joe Biden's unvetted illegal immigrants now at nearly 10 million, including from countries like Iran and Syria and Egypt and Afghanistan and Russia and China. Your reaction?TUDOR DIXON, FORMER MICHIGAN GUBERNATIORIAL CANDIDATE: Yes, it's devastating. It's devastating what happened in Michigan and this is something that's going to continue happening because as long as we have people unvetted coming across our border, your daughters, your sons, your children, your parents, they're not safe in this America because anytime they turn around, there could be someone dangerous around the corner because we are just letting anybody in right now.You take a look at that $500 a month, Gretchen Whitmer right now is saying, oh, yeah, take somebody into your home and the state will pay you $500 a month for taking an illegal immigrant into your home. We aren't going to vet them, there's no rules to this game and she doesn't know who's taking them in.You are putting people in danger on both sides. You don't know what the people are like that are going to take people into their home what they'll do to them or vice versa, who's going into these people's homes. And yet, no one in the mainstream media is saying what governor would put this kind of a bill together and sign it and say that yes she's going to take taxpayer money and put money into people's hands who desperately need money to take illegal immigrants into their homes?And you know what else is sick? We have not heard from a single Democrat in the state about what happened to Ruby Garcia. Say her name, Gretchen Whitmer, say her name.HANNITY: Agreed, and I will say this, Joe Biden has allowed this to continue. They've lied about it for years. They said the border is closed, and the border is secure. Now, they're blaming Republicans but they have blood on their hands. They are responsible. They inherited the most secure border ever.And now, we have people, terror cells setting up in America, plotting, planning and scheming, another 9/11 or worse, God help us. I hope I'm wrong.Anyway, thank you both.When we come back, disturbing reports on the deadly consequences of the left's lawlessness in New York City. If you think it was bad before, wait until we update you tonight, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: A somber day in New York City as New Yorkers mourned the loss of a 31-year-old NYPD officer, his name Jonathan Diller. He's the father of a one-year-old child who was tragically gunned down in yesterday in Queens, New York.The alleged shooter has a long criminal record. He spent time in prison for drug possession. He's been -- he's been assaulted -for -- he's been, sorry, arrested for assault and gun crimes, 21 arrests throughout his life, if you can believe it.But sadly, this officer's death is just the latest tragic example of the many dangers that is New York now. An innocent commuter killed after being shoved in front of an incoming subway train, and this -- in this case by a man shown here who appears to be emotionally disturbed and had been previously arrested for assault but set free of course no bail at all. It is New York City.Now, to combat subway crime, the NYPD says they now plan to crack down on fair beaters who jumped the turn styles instead of paying for rides. But some of them, they're not taking it well. Well, we had one officer just punched in the face by a woman that he was trying to sight for not paying the fair, she broke his nose.Here with reaction, a former NYPD inspector, FOX News contributor Paul Mauro is back with us, and Israeli special ops vet, Aaron Cohen.Paul, start with you. This is all predictable. This has been building. This has been happening. It's the direct result of no bail laws, defund, dismantle, re-imagine the police. It gets worse and worse.And you know, what do we hear from the left? Well, maybe if we had more counselors on the scene, we might be able to stop some of the violence. I don't think that's the answer.PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Neither do I. You know, the Democrats couldn't live with a three strikes law. Well, Sean, how about a 15 strikes law, how about a 20 strikes law? When you have a perp who's got 21 priors and is still on the street to do what this person allegedly did to P.O. Diller, you know that we really have a problem.And when it comes to the subways, the New York City subway, I'm not going to sugarcoat this, it has become a rolling psych ward. I've said it before, it's still the case.You get on the subway, it's a lottery and it's a lottery you don't want to win because you're going to have an encounter with somebody like the person you just pictured and, you know, it's easier for me. I'm a grown man. I'm a former cop, et cetera.But think about the commuters, a lot of women, I know that's politically incorrect to say, but I know a lot of women were very fear of taking the subways and it's because of things like this. And here in these blue jurisdictions, there finally does seem to be a little bit of an acknowledgment that we have a problem. You know, but that's not much of a victory because nobody's doing anything about it, and nobody is really proposing any solutions that includes our mayor, our governor, but most importantly the legislator, the New York City legislature and New York state legislature. They caused all of this, and nobody is stepping up and they're all hiding.HANNITY: Yeah.Aaron, for example, by the way, in the case of Israel, I don't care what Joe Biden says, I don't think -- I don't care what the vice president says, I don't care what the U.N. says with their history of virulent antisemitism.Israel has to win its war. They've got to defeat terrorists that killed innocent Israelis. Similarly, in the U.S., we have got to go to war against those people that are violent, that commit these crimes, get rid of the insanity of no bail, defund, dismantle. Why do you think this continues?AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPERATIONS VETERAN: Well, I don't think the -- I don't think the White House and I don't think the left-leaning cities are really helping law enforcement right now. NYPD's historically been tough, as your gentleman here can tell you.I've got very close friends with the NYPD, Sean. You know, I've worked in law enforcement as well as a reservist for 15 years, training SWAT and patrol and active shooter response and in a high-risk entry, and the correlation that you made between crime here in the United States and Israel is spot on.When it comes to responding to terrorism, Sean, we don't move backwards when it comes to counterterror response. We have an expression in Hebrew, (INAUDIBLE), which means when a terror attack happens or unfolds anywhere within Israel, whether it's at a mall or a sparrow's pizza, those officers are immediately on those threats and they're shooting to neutralize that terrorist to keep his hands from moving. And with the crime in New York and with that officer who was shot, those vehicle approaches are just as dangerous, they need to be given the tools to be able to protect themselves in the event that they have to go from passive to active very quickly.HANNITY: They need the tools. They need the training. They need community support and they're not getting any of that.More "Hannity" coming up, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible. We hope you'll set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.