LISA KENNEDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I do think Miley Cyrus had the better version of Jolene.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Still a great version.KENNEDY: Sure. You -- absolutely.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you to Fox Channel --(CROSSTALK)RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: For Dolly, on her version.GUTFELD: Thank you to Fox News Channel, Fox Nation, and especially Greg Gutfeld.PIRRO: Yes.PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.GUTFELD: Who helped me through this tough period? I don't think I could have written this book without your help.PIRRO: And for the psilocybin.KENNEDY: Well, that's it for us. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Is that really what it says, Kennedy? KENNEDY: Oh, yes. The word for word.BAIER: I need your -- see. OK. All right. Thank you.Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. "BREAKING TONIGHT", the U.S. is moving additional assets into the Middle East as Israel prepares for Iranian retaliation over the death of one of its military leaders. A new report out of the region states the attack could come today or tomorrow.President Biden has a familiar warning for Iran tonight, but also seems to concede an attack could be coming soon.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich picks up the story tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Since Hamas attacked Israel on October 7th, President Biden has repeatedly warned Iran not to escalate conflict in the region through its proxies. But now that Iran is vowing direct action, including potentially against U.S. troops as well, President Biden is going a step beyond the word, don't.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't want to get into secure information, but my expectation is sooner than later.HEINRICH (voice over): With an imminent attack on Israel expected, President Biden delivering a short warning to Iran.BIDEN: Don't.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Or else, what?HEINRICH (voice over): Turning around to spell it out.BIDEN: We are devoted to the defense of Israel. We will support Israel, we will defend -- help defend Israel, and Iran will not succeed. Thank you very much.HEINRICH (voice over): Iran reportedly issued the Biden administration a warning of its own earlier this week through intermediaries.If the U.S. gets involved, American forces in the region will be attacked. It's not clear if defensive acts like intercepting Iranian missiles would trigger that.But Biden's critics say America is already involved because of inaction.MIKE POMPEO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: We've lost deterrence. Right? The Iranians have already attacked Israel once on October 7th, through their proxy, Hamas. They are continuing to fire on American interest in the region, now, over 100 times since October 7th. And so, what we're talking about in the next 24, or 48 hours is just a continuation of a failed policy to actually protect Israel.HEINRICH (voice over): Iran reportedly told Arab allies it holds the U.S. responsible for a likely Israeli strike that killed Iranian general in Syria. Israel has not taken responsibility for it, and the U.S. says it was not involved.The Pentagon now moving more assets into the region to bolster deterrence and increased force protection for American troops, the CENTCOM commander in Israel to coordinate.DANIEL HOFFMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: What happens safter Iran launches their strike? How does Israel respond? How do we respond?It's not a good time to go wobbly if you're the president of the United States. This is one of those times when leadership really matters and message discipline matters.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH (on camera): The U.S. has said publicly and privately that it will help Israel defend itself against Iranian attacks but officials are reportedly pressing Israel for advanced notice before any retaliatory action after top Pentagon brass complained that they were in the dark ahead of the strike in Damascus that put us forces in the region at risk. Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich, live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thanks. Former President Donald Trump, says he will testify in his upcoming criminal trial about payments to a former adult film actress before the 2016 election.The former president making that comment while speaking to reporters following a meeting with House Speaker Mike Johnson in Florida. He also attacked President Biden on his mental competence, defended his pro-life stance and send a signal of support to his embattled guest.Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie is in Palm Beach, Florida tonight with the latest. Good evening, Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you.Yes, former President Trump, making a lot of news today in what was supposed to be a press conference about election integrity. Let's start off with the major news that he says. He is willing to testify in his New York criminal court case that begins on Monday. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I would testify. Absolutely. It's a scam. It's a scam. That's not a trail. That's not a trial. That's a scam.HASNIE (voice over): So, he also could not miss an opportunity to talk about the threat from Iran to Israel, saying, this country has a lot of issues to fix starting in November.TRUMP: We have a president that doesn't know where he is. He can speak. The whole world is collapsing. The world is on fire. They have no respect for our country anymore.HASNIE (voice over): Trump also took a question on abortion and whether or not he's pro-life or if he is pro-choice. He wouldn't say, Bret, how he feels personally. Only saying that it's now up to each state.TRUMP: We broke Roe v. Wade, and we did something that nobody thought was possible. We gave it back to the states, and the states are working very brilliantly, in some cases conservative, in some cases, not conservative. But they are working and It's working the way it's supposed to.HASNIE (voice over): And finally, Trump throwing speaker Mike Johnson a major lifeline today, as Johnson faces a motion to vacate filed by Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene.Trump, all but quashing that effort as Johnson stood right next to him.TRUMP: We're getting along very well with the Speaker, and I get along very well with Marjorie. We have a Speaker. He was voted in, and it was a complicated process. And I think very -- it's not an easy situation for any Speaker.And I think he's doing a very good job. He's doing about as good as you're going to do. And I'm sure that Marjorie understands that.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE: So, Bret, all of this, again, coming out as Speaker Johnson announced that House Republicans will introduce a bill about election integrity. That would require every voter to prove their citizenship. Republicans essentially daring Democrats to vote against this bill.A White House spokesperson released a scathing statement in response, calling the bill a stunt and writing this. "As was proven by the midterms, the American people continue to be revolted by the debunked 2020 election conspiracy theories that cost brave police officers their lives, just like they're revolted by the violent rhetoric that accompanies the repetition of those dangerous lies.Bret, back to you.BAIER: Aishah Hasnie in Palm Beach, with Steve Doocy fan behind her. Aishah, thank you.The Democratic National Committee has paid some of President Biden's legal fees despite the campaign's criticism of similar behavior from former President Trump and his campaign. The fees helped cover costs related to the special counsel probe of the president's handling of classified documents. A Trump campaign spokesman is calling it "lies in his hypocrisy.A Democratic National Committee spokesman tells Fox News Digital, "There is no comparison the DNC does not spend a single penny of grassroots donors money on legal bills, unlike Donald Trump, who actively solicits legal fees from his supporters and has drawn down every bank account he can get his hands on like a personal piggy bank." The back and forth over paying for legal fees.The House has passed a bill to reauthorize and reform a key government surveillance tool. The measure does not include broad restrictions on how the FBI uses the crucial program to search for Americans data, and that has led to some extra steps.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram, explains tonight, live from Capitol Hill. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, strange bedfellows and strange congressional customs when passing the FISA bill. The vote 273 to 147. But the House rejected a GOP plan that required warrants to eavesdrop on Americans. The left opposed the warrant mandate.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. NANCY PELOSI, (D-CA): We could have been saved from 9/11 if we didn't have to have the additional warrants.PERGRAM (voice over): It was like the world flipped upside down. The House defeated the amendment that on a tie vote, by rule, tie votes lose in the House, a technicality some embraced.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The amendment is not adopted.REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): I feel like we're living in bizarro world.The FISA authorities were used against BLM lingers. And it was members of the Congressional Black Caucus that killed the warrant requirement.PERGRAM (voice over): And while the House passed the bill, it cannot go to the Senate just yet.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Miss Lee of Florida moves to reconsider the vote on passage of H.R. 7888.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For what purposes gentleman from Ohio seek recognition?REP. MIKE TURNER (R-OH) (text): I have a motion at the desk.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The clerk will read the motion.SUSAN COLE, READING CLERK OF THE UNITED STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES: Mr. Turner of Ohio makes a motion to table the motion to reconsider.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Now, allow me to interpret all that. FISA bill opponents blocked a routine motion declaring the bill finished. So, the House votes next week to complete the bill.If that fails, Congress is stuck. The FISA deadline is April 20th. Bret?BAIER: Thank you for the translation. Congressional speak. Chad Pergram, live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.An Afghan national with terrorist ties is in federal custody tonight. But authorities say how he arrived there is troubling. He was apprehended at the southern border and then released twice into the U.S. Senior correspondent Mike Tobin has the disturbing details from El Paso, Texas.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): On the terror watch list, but Mohammad Kharwin from Afghanistan roamed free in the U.S. for 11 months. Picked up and released twice.A federal source says Kharwin entered the U.S. at San Ysidro, California. In March of 2023. He was not yet on the watch list, so, Kharwin was set free.But federal agents acknowledge, Kharwin is tied to Hezb-e-Islami, a radical group said to be responsible for the deaths of nine American civilians and soldiers in Afghanistan.When information about his ties to the group was developed, Kharwin was picked up again in February of this year. For reasons unexplained, federal prosecutors did not give that information to a judge, so, Kharwin was released on bail.He has been picked up again, but a federal source says, "Based on the information available, there is no reason to believe this individual entered the country as part of a terrorist mission."The border remains porous. Our cameras caught around 30 migrants reaching the wall in El Paso Friday morning. Their body language indicates they are confident they will get in. The city of El Paso says agents average just shy of 1,000 such migrant encounters every day.ROBERT ALMONTE, FORMER UNITED STATES MARSHAL, EL PASO: It's important that we do something to secure the border because we're experiencing too many criminal that have already come into our country illegally.TOBIN (voice over): Releasing pictures of a new stash house that was raided in El Paso, agency, they have found 136 depots for human smuggling this year. That's already half the total of last fiscal year.VICTOR MANJARREZ, FORMER CHIEF BORDER PATROL AGENT: That's becoming the normal course of business. Right? It's a stash house almost every day.(END VIDEOTAPE)TOBIN (on camera): Customs and Border Protection just released new numbers showing 76 people on the terror watch list were picked up trying to get into the U.S. this last fiscal year. The numbers also show that traffic here at the border is down since September, but up significantly since President Biden took office.Bret, back to you.BAIER: Mike Tobin, along the border in El Paso. Mike, Thanks.Renewed inflation fears and stocks tumbling today. The Dow lost 476. The S&P 500 was down 76. The Nasdaq fell 267.For the week the Dow was off two and a third percentage points. The S&P 500 fell 1-1/2. The NASDAQ was down about a half.Up next, as interest rates remain sky high, we look at another obstacle for people trying to buy a new home. We'll bring you that story.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. The Kremlin says a draft peace agreement negotiated by Russia and Ukraine and the early days of conflict could serve as a starting point for talks to end the fighting.Ukraine has since rejected the proposal. The reportedly included provisions for Ukraine's neutral status and put limits on its armed forces while delaying talks on the status of Russian occupied areas.Thailand's foreign minister says he has urged Burma's military authorities to avoid a violent response to its army's loss of an important border trading town.The hasty escape by Burmese forces seated virtual control of the busy trading town to gorillas of the ethnic Karen National Union and its allies.And this is a live look at Rome. One of the big stories there tonight, Pope Francis will visit Indonesia, East Timor, Papua New Guinea, and Singapore in September. The Vatican announced that trip today. It would be the longest such journey for Francis's papacy.The trip comes amid concerns about the Pope's health. He suffered from respiratory problems all winter and had to curtail his participation in Holy Week events.Just some of the other stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: A new Biden administration rules states oil and gas companies will have to pay more to drill on public lands. They must also satisfy stronger requirements to clean up old or abandoned wells. The Interior Department regulations raise royalty rates for oil drilling by more than one-third. Montana Republican Senator Steve Daines, in response, saying the administration will stop at nothing to appease the Climate Lobby at the expense of the pocketbooks of working families.Tonight, we examine another major obstacle to people looking to purchase a new place to live.The cost of home insurance is up almost five percent compared to last year. That combines with already sky-high interest rates.Fox Business correspondent Grady Trimble takes a look tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The price of the American Dream of homeownership is higher than ever. And some of the biggest expenses have nothing to do with your mortgage payment.Homeowner's insurance costs for example, are up 4.6 percent from last year, according to the latest inflation report.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They are at historical levels right now, but they are moderating. The fact that the rate increases are moderating is a good sign that we are seeing more stability in the home insurance market.TRIMBLE (voice over): The reason for the rise, experts say, is twofold. The cost of repairs and the materials you need to do them are going up. And the number of people filing claims is climbing after more and more severe natural disasters.The Economist makes the case in its cover story this week, climate change is only going to make it worse, potentially wiping out about a 10th of the value of the world's housing by 2050.CHASE GARDNER, MANAGER, INSURIFY DATA INSIGHTS: These companies are taking a look at their numbers and they're having to adjust it to a new level of risk expectation.TRIMBLE (voice over): The insurance comparison platform, Insurify, projects homeowner's insurance premiums are on track declined by six percent by the end of the year, hitting more than $2,500 on average.GARDNER: These companies, you know, are going to have to keep raising rates to keep up with an increasing number of natural disasters.TRIMBLE (voice over): Fannie Mae says as of 2022, insurance combined with utilities, property taxes, and home improvement expenses account for more than half of the costs of owning a home.(END VIDEOTAPE)TRIMBLE (on camera): More recent data from Fannie Mae finds nearly one in 10 insured homeowners aren't confident that they'd be able to afford their insurance premiums at their next renewal date. Bret?BAIER: Grady, thanks.Up next, we go inside one of the toughest tests for America's elite warriors.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX54 in Augusta as Tiger Woods makes the cut for a record 24th consecutive time at the Masters. The 15-time major winner is at one over par, 336 holes. Texas's Scottie Scheffler is one of three players sharing the lead at six under as the second round wraps up.Fox 13 in Memphis as a police officer and a teenage suspect are killed early this morning. A second officer in critical condition. The officers were shot when they approached a suspicious car. They returned fire striking two suspects.FOX5 in New York, as several high school age students and a bus driver are hurt when the bus collides with another vehicle this morning in Westchester County. The injuries did not appear to be serious. The driver of the SUV was also transported to a hospital.And this is a live look at San Francisco from FOX2, one of the big stories there tonight. Oakland votes in favor of changing the name of the city's airport to San Francisco Bay Oakland International Airport.This comes despite San Francisco threatening a lawsuit over what it says is a trademark violation. San Francisco officials say the name change will confuse travelers, especially, those flying in from abroad.That's tonight's live look, "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY", from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Tonight, we take you inside one of the toughest tests in the U.S. military.Correspondent Madison Scarpino gets a preview of the Army's Best Ranger Competition, where elite warriors have their physical and mental limits taken to the extreme. She reports tonight from Fort Moore, Georgia.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MADISON SCARPINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL MULTIMEDIA REPORTER (voice over): An annual showcase of the country's toughest soldiers.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: True American heroes out there., busting their butts every day to prepare themselves not just for the competition, but for what could happen in the future against our adversaries.SCARPINO (voice over): The Best Ranger Competition starts with 56 teams from 29 units from across the army.MAJ. ERIC KIM, UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY: The competitors out here are just high caliber athletes and soldiers and just a brotherhood that we have amongst each other. That's just the best part of the competition.Nice Folks.SCARPINO (voice over): By day three, only one team will get the coveted Best Ranger title.CAPT. CHANCEY TILLERY, UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY: It's good to have that mental toughness going forward and understanding that there are a lot of best rangers here, and they are the best of the best for a reason.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Two, one, (INAUDIBLE).SCARPINO (voice over): 32 challenges mimic real combat situations.SCARPINO: This is the perfect example. Right now, Rangers are shooting pistols at different targets. And as you can see, the key to this challenge is precision and focus.SCARPINO (voice over): Fox got the chance to get a small taste of the action. Before the competition started. We jumped out of a 34-foot tower the minimum height that simulates jumping out of an aircraft.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let's go.SCARPINO (voice over): We also went through an obstacle course called The Punisher. While the name sounds daunting, it's nothing compared to what the Rangers do.Throughout the competitions Rangers get little to no sleep. The soldiers will run upwards of 60 miles. For about half of that, they will be carrying dozens of pounds of weight. By Saturday, half the teams will be eliminated.In Fort Moore, Georgia, Madison Scarpino, Fox News.(END VIDEOTAPE)BAIER: China is surging sales to Russia of machine tools, micro-electronics and other technology used to produce weapons for its war against Ukraine.A U.S. assessment says about 90 percent of Russia's micro-electronics came from China last year. They were used to make missiles, tanks, and aircraft. Nearly 70 percent of Russia's approximately $900 million in machine tool imports in the last quarter of 2023 came exclusively from China.There are growing concerns tonight about a shortage of American nuclear submarine power. This comes as China increases its fleet.Here is chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ERIK RAVEN, UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER SECRETARY: Submarines have a unique role in securing the peace. Their ability to move unchallenged through all around the world is an incredible asymmetric advantage.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: The problem, the U.S. does not have enough submarines for itself. Old subs are being retired faster than they can be replaced. The Pentagon is 17 nuclear attack submarines short of Navy requirements and needs to build 2.33 Virginia class submarines per year to meet its August commitments. Undersecretary of the Navy Erik Raven overseas Navy strategy and shipbuilding.The U.S. submarine industrial base is an estimated 33 years behind schedule. Why is it so behind and backed up?RAVEN: In 2011 the United States basically doubled its orders for nuclear powered submarines. All told, in the last 15 years, our demand for industry to produce submarines has gone up by roughly five times.GRIFFIN: Republican Senator Roger Wicker has raised alarm bells, inserting $3.4 billion into the Ukraine funding supplemental to jumpstart the anemic ship building base.SEN. ROGER WICKER, (R-MS) SENATE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE: We have yet to take the actions necessary to ensure that our industrial base can support both the United States and Australia. The basic fact is this -- our defense industrial base is not where it needs to be.RAVEN: We're going through a generational change in the workforce at our shipyards, and also our suppliers. And so we need to build new talent, bring in more Americans to work in the sector. And also on supply chain, COVID was a significant interruption in our ability to do business. Over the next several decades we need to hire about 100,000 Americans to build submarines. We're partnering with even community colleges and nonprofits.GRIFFIN: One of those nonprofits is BlueForge Alliance, a campaign to attract young people into submarine building, an appeal to patriotism, a modern day "Uncle Sam wants you."KILEY WREN, BLUEFORCE ALLIANCE CEO: There are literally tens of thousands of opportunities over the coming decade and more for long term, family sustaining, generational jobs that have a really important purpose. The ability to serve your country in a job that you go to every day is an enormous sense of pride.GRIFFIN: How would the supplemental help you with the investment in the industrial base?RAVEN: It accelerates everything. Six months ago, the president asked Congress for $3.4 billion to accelerate investments into industry so we can produce the submarines that we need. And I urge the Congress to pass that as soon as possible.GRIFFIN: In this year's defense budget proposal, the Navy is seeking a total of $3.9 billion for the submarine industrial base, a $2.9 billion increase from last year.China right now is building a submarine wall. What does that mean?RAVEN: I don't focus as much on what our adversaries are doing as accelerating our capabilities. We have an incredibly capable submarine force that's capable of tackling any challenge that our adversaries may pose.GRIFFIN: So you can breakthrough any submarine wall?RAVEN: Our submarines are incredibly capable.GRIFFIN: At the Pentagon, Jennifer Griffin, FOX News.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: U.S. Steel shareholders have just overwhelmingly approved the company's sale to Nippon Steel of Japan for $14.1 billion in cash. Now, the Biden administration has objected on economic and national security grounds. More than 98 percent of the shares voting at a special investor meeting approved the takeover. That deal, however, still needs approval from the Biden Justice Department as well as other cabinet secretaries.Up next, the panel on the Iran threat, the meeting between former President Donald Trump and the Speaker of the House, plus that new version of Candidate Casino.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- Iran in this moment?JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Don't.To any country, any organization, anyone thinking of taking advantage of the situation, I have one word -- don't.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: To any actor, state or non-state, trying to take advantage of this cris to attack Israel, don't.LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: Anyone thinking about trying to take advantage of this atrocity, we have just one word -- don't.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: I'm not sure Iran is getting that word because they are doing, according to reports in the region. This is "The Wall Street Journal" saying an "Iranian attack expected on Israel in next two days." "The scenarios involve attacks by Tehran's proxies in Syria and Iraq for which Iran delivered drones at warehouses in recent days, according to advisers of the IRGC and the Syrian government. Another option would be to strike Israeli embassies, notably in the Arab world, to show them that friendly ties with Tel Aviv could be costly, these people said." It's one of several reports throughout the region saying the same thing.Let's bring in our panel, "Washington Post" columnist Marc Thiessen, Leslie Marshall, Democratic strategist, and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. Marc, the "don't" doesn't seem like it's working.MARC THIESSEN, COLUMNIST, "WASHINGTON POST": It is not. And look, Donald Trump was absolutely correct what he said in that press conference today with Mike Johnson. The Iranians were broke when he came into office because of the crippling sanctions he had put on the regime. He also warned them that if you kill a -- he drew a red line and said if you kill a single American, we will -- either you or your proxies, we will not strike the proxy, we will strike you. And when they crossed that red line he killed Qasem Soleimani.And that restored deterrence in the region, and it lasted until Joe Biden came in and allowed them to kill Americans with impunity. They killed Americans on October 7th. There were Americans killed there. Their proxy, Hamas, is holding Americans hostage. And then they kept firing hundreds of missile attacks on U.S. troops and eventually killed an American. So this is weakness. And you and I both served in the Pentagon when Rumsfeld was there, and he said weakness is provocative. That is a very important lesson to remember. And we're seeing how provocative it is right now.BAIER: I was covering it. You were working for Rumsfeld.THIESSEN: Yes.BAIER: And you are right. This is the former CIA director, former secretary of state, Leslie, and also a person who was warned and was under the threat of attack from Iranian terrorists, Mike Pompeo, about this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE POMPEO, FORMER U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: What we're talking about in the next 24 or 48 hours is just a continuation of a failed policy to actually protect Israel. It won't surprise me if it's a strike that has some level of ambiguity so that the Iranians won't unite the whole world against them. So think, maybe, it could be a cyber strike. It could be a strike through a proxy.On the other hand, they may just decide to come over the top and launch missiles directly from Iran into an Israeli asset somewhere in the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It's not often, Leslie, we talk so openly about an attack that's going to happen. Everybody across the board is saying that it is. Israel is preparing for it. The question is what happens afterwards.LESLIE MARSHALL, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Well, a number of things here to unpack. First, to me, you don't show your cards, OK? So, to me don't, don't. We don't need to tell you what we're going to do. Use your imagination.Two, I understand what Marc said regarding October 7th. But we are talking about retaliation, so says Iran, for Israel allegedly attacking their guys, right? And some people would say what was Israel thinking?THIESSEN: For directing terrorist attacks --MARSHALL: And how many mistakes can we have?First of all, Iran does not have the capability to fight Israel, certainly not the United States. They don't have it. Not only do they not have the money or the weaponry. But who does is Hezbollah. And Hezbollah is right there on the Lebanon border with Israel, and that is a huge concern. But I am confident not just in our president, I'm confident in our Pentagon, I'm confident in our military, our forces throughout the world and our allies to keep their word to Israel, as we always have, and to protect them.Iran would be a parking lot if they truly attacked Israel. I mean, what, in minutes? When you look at how many nuclear weapons Israel has, depending on what report you believe, this would be a suicide mission by Iran to -- I think their bark is bigger than their bite here. I certainly hope I'm right on that.BAIER: Well, you know, the thing is, Matthew, and responding to Leslie, we've heard that "don't" all the way for months now about proxy attacks. It was don't about the Houthis, which to this day continue attacks on U.S. bases in the Middle East and even ships. We're adding more to the region in response to these threats, but I get the ambiguity, Leslie, but Matthew, the "don't" is still going.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: Bret, administration policy has been all over the map. I mean, the clips we showed at the beginning of the segment had administration officials declaring solidarity with Israel after October 7th, whereas just a week ago President Biden was now calling on Israel for a unilateral cease-fire and to stop the offensive in Gaza and not go into the last Hamas redoubt of Rafah.For weeks the administration rhetoric has been more focused on Israeli malfeasance than what Hamas has been doing or what Iran has been doing. And now suddenly they turn around and wonder why Iran feels emboldened to retaliate for this strike against one of their terrorist commanders that was hiding out in Syria.The administration has lost the plot on the Middle East. They have to recognize that the real threat here is Iran. And we have a common threat between Israel and the United States, which is Iran, and it's time we stopped treating the Iranians like they are some kind of off the board piece that doesn't matter. Maximum pressure, sanctions, and hit their proxies hard, and even, as Trump did and as the Israelis did, go after Iranian assets directly.BAIER: OK. I want to play a soundbite from Kamala Harris, vice president, she was in Arizona on a now familiar topic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, (D) VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Overturning Roe was just the opening act, just the opening act of a larger strategy to take women's rights and freedoms, part of a full-on attack, state by state, on reproductive freedom. Donald Trump is the architect of this healthcare crisis.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, the vice president on the attack there in Arizona. Our latest poll says voters trust President Biden more on election integrity and the issue of abortion. But then you look at the economy and immigration, and it's completely different to the former president. Marc, your assessment of this, and obviously we are going to see a lot of it before Election Day.THIESSEN: Well, you look at that poll, the number one and number two issue for the voters are the ones they don't trust Joe Biden on. The ones that they care less about are less driving the voters are the ones that Democrats have strength on.Look, Kamala Harris -- Joe Biden is the most unpopular president in the history of the presidential polling. Kamala Harris is less popular than him. She literally -- they would probably -- they would probably think about getting rid of Joe Biden if they didn't know that Kamala Harris -- they would have to ditch Kamala Harris as well, and the party of identity policies is not going to ditch the first black woman vice president and keep her from the White House.So she is going to go out there. She is going to talk about abortion because it's literally, other than Donald Trump, the only issue they have to campaign on, because he is underwater by double digits on every single other issue that voters say they care about.BAIER: All right, the vice president is on the move campaigning.We're going to take a little trip down the road to a place we call Candidate Casino. And it's the vice presidential version, not with Kamala Harris, but on the other side. Who will former President Trump pick? You have $100 in chips. Start with you, Leslie. Who are you going with?MARSHALL: I'm going $20 on Tim Scott, $40 on Elise Stefanik, and $40 on Kristi Noem. And because Donald Trump says he wants a woman, I put more money on the women.CONTINETTI: I'm going to put $80, Bret, on Marco Rubio. And -- I'm sorry, the rest of my money I'm going to put in honor of Charles Krauthammer to vote to wine, women, and song.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: Thank you. That's good to be back on the table. Thank you for your bets. Marc?THIESSEN: It's $40 on Rubio, $20 on Tim Scott, $20 on Stefanik, $10 on Sarah Sanders, and $10 on Doug Burgum as the dark horses.BAIER: OK, spreading the money around. All right, panel, thanks.Up next, the Friday Lightning Round. We'll talk about FISA, plus Winners and Losers, and later "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I'm not a big fan of FISA, but I told everybody, I said do what you want. They put a lot of checks and balances on. And I guess it's down to two years now so that it would come due in the early part of my administration on the basis that we live up to the polls.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Former President Donald Trump in Mar-a-Lago with House Speaker Mike Johnson. A big vote today on Capitol Hill. "The Hill" writes it this way, "House approves contentious FISA bill in bipartisan vote. The House in a bipartisan vote reauthorized the nation's warrantless surveillance powers. The chamber cleared the bill which will extend and reform Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, FISA, 273 to 147 vote." They still have to clear it out of the House on Monday.We're back with the panel. Matthew important, number one, and number two, the fact that the former president was standing alongside the House speaker today and what message that sent.CONTINETTI: I think it's important vote. There are real concerns about FISA abuse and the actions of some of our national security agencies when it comes to surveillance. But I think this two-year bind dough gives the house Republicans and some of their progressive allies on this issue a chance to build in real accountability measures to make sure those abuses don't occur, especially when we're under this threat, Bret, where the FBI director is warning of ISIS-K attacks when we have this problem at the border.How important it is for Mike Johnson that Trump is by his side? I think very important. I think it sends a strong signal to Johnson's enemies like Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia. The question is, when it comes to that Ukraine vote, which Speaker Johnson has promised in the coming weeks, will Trump be there with him? And will Johnson be able to withstand the pressure after that vote goes through?BAIER: Yes, the supplemental, obviously, there is more things than just Ukraine in there, as we have been reporting. But, to your point, the FBI director on these specific threats.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: There was already a heightened risk of violence in the United States before October 7th. Our most immediate concern has been that individuals or small groups will draw some kind of twisted inspiration from the events in the Middle East to carry out attacks here at home.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: You look at the terror watch list encounters, this is from the southern border, Leslie. These numbers are staggering from FY 21, 22, 23 and this is year-to-date, what we're seeing, people specifically captured or intercepted along the southern border with terror watchlist names.MARSHALL: The most recent one was an Afghan man who the judge was not told by ICE the classified information that he had been on the terrorist watchlist. Some people point fingers at ICE. Some people point fingers at the judge. I would point fingers at the inability to have so much information given to so many people who need more people who need more money. And that money could have been possible if legislation had been passed the Republicans held up and didn't want passed to help our Border Patrol --THIESSEN: Oh, Leslie.MARSHALL: -- to help our judges and the legislative system with immigration, to help ICE, and so forth.And I also want to point out, even though we get scared at who is coming over our border, I'm old enough to remember that on 9/11 19 people were here legally on visas, whether they be student visas, whether they be work visas, or whether they be visitor visas.BAIER: Quickly, Marc.THIESSEN: Yes, the president has the same laws on the book today that Donald Trump had when there wasn't be a border crisis like this. So he could enforce the border right now. So the blame is on Congress is absolutely false.But this just shows also why its' really important that the House pass the FISA bill, because right now our open borders are putting us at grave risk of a terrorist attack, but if the House had not passed the FISA authority and hamstrung the intelligence community to try and stop an attack, they would have shared the blame for something that happened.BAIER: OK, let's do a quick Winners and Losers. Matthew, first. Winner, then loser.CONTINETTI: My winner this week are the three Americans who were rescued off a remote Micronesian island by the Coast Guard after writing out "HELP" with palm leaves there. You can see that. They definitely won the week.My loser is Shohei Ohtani's former translator Ippei Mizuhara who was indicted for stealing $16 million of Shohei Ohtani's money for sports gambling. And one of the emails in the indictment, Bret, Mizuhara writes that "I guess I'm not good at that sports betting thing." That's not the only thing he's bad at.BAIER: Yes, lost in translation. OK, Leslie, winner and loser?MARSHALL: Winner, Oakland County, Michigan, jury who found James and Jennifer Crumbley and sent them to prison, found them guilty, parents of the Michigan school shooter.And my loser, the state of Arizona for taking the state back to the 1800s and for punishing women and for doctors along with that decision.BAIER: All right, winner and loser, Marc.THIESSEN: My winner is Speaker Johnson, got FISA passed and got an endorsed from Donald Trump. Now he's got to get Ukraine over the finish line. My loser is Marjorie Taylor Greene. Emerson said if you're going after the king, you better kill him. She failed. I'm looking forward to a stronger majority where we can go back to not caring what Marjorie Taylor Greene says.BAIER: All right, panel, make it a great weekend. Thank you.You know that sound. It's Friday. It's Friday. Time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is not a time for panic. It is a time for heightened vigilance.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't trust you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Would you call it a crisis at the southern border?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I would.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think what he is doing is a mistake.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Any Jewish person that votes for a Democrat or votes for Biden should have their head examined.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is there anything the general public can take away from this?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, this could happen to you, too.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: On his death bed, I don't know if he said a penance or not.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A very strange, complicated, disturbing life.TRUMP: Let me give you a hug.(APPLAUSE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We don't feel like this is a snake in the grass waiting for his chance to bite us.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can't we rise up for our country and not worry about our politics?KAMALA HARRIS, (D) VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He would sign off on a national abortion ban.TRUMP: The states would determine by vote or legislation or, perhaps, both.BIDEN: I will never stop to deliver student debt relief.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why would you water your neighbor's flowers while your house is burning down?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It was a man's world. They didn't know how capable us women were, did they?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are one tiny part of this vast universe.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Watching "The Flintstones." I still miss that show, although, I could never translate late "yabba dabba doo."(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)BAIER: The Japanese prime minister there.Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, jury selection begins in former President Trump's first criminal trial. We'll bring you there.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Please join Shannon Bream on FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guest, White House national security communications adviser John Kirby, Louisiana Senator John Kennedy, and Trump attorney Will Scharf.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight, tonight and all this week. a lot of news. That's it for SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. I, personally, looking forward to Masters time on the T.V. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is coming up next.