Spec: Joe Biden; Bill Clinton; Barack Obama; Donald Trump; The Bible; Easter; Taylor Swift; Race Relations; Entertainment>JASON CHAFETZ, FOX NEWS HOST: Jimmy, kill it -- kill it there in Montana. We're glad you are out there in the Rocky Mountains. Unfortunately that's all the time we have left we have this evening. Don't forget to check out my book "The Puppeteers." Have a wonderful holiday. God Bless America.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. Yes. All right, stop it. Stop it. Stop it, you monsters. All right. It's Friday so you know what that means. Let's welcome Tonight's guests. He's known for his leftist digs and slaughtering his pigs. Fox News contributor Charlie Hurt. She's a little bit country and a little bit restraining order. Co-host of "The Bottom Line" in Fox Business, Dagen McDowell. She uses a toaster as a tanning bed. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And it's a four man job to measure his inseam. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. All right, before we get to some news stories, let's do this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Greg's leftover. Mm.GUTFELD: Yeah, it's leftover where I read the jokes we didn't use this week. And as always, it's my first time reading them so if they suck, we'll turn Joe Machi into a dress and send him to Bill Clinton. All right. A former "Price is Right" producer says the show had protocols in place in case contestants peed their pants. Meanwhile, on The View, there's a protocol in place if the cast doesn't pee their pants. The White House is expecting 40,000 people to attend this year's Easter Egg Roll. The kids are excited to find eggs while the adults are excited to find other things.And here in New York City you can tell Easter's just around the corner. Times Square this morning I saw some of New York's finest outlining a body with jelly beans but the crime keeps rising. Since last year attacks on the NYC subway trains have jumped 53 percent. Why are people attacking trains asks one man.I'll take it. I'll take it. Took a while but we got there. In a recent tweet director Rob Reiner said he give anything to have Taylor Swift endorsed Joe Biden. But when offered a donor to endorse Donald Trump, he replied, Make America Great Again. Because it's bad you, see? Budget carrier Frontier Airlines had to evacuate a plane after detecting an unusual odor. Investigators said it was all safe when they discovered the source was just one passenger. Somebody's got to tell him. After hearing about this incident concerning the offending odor, the CEO of Boeing said, see this is why we leave our doors open.Washington state has passed legislation protecting rights for exotic dancers. Bill 6105 was approved, then folded in half and stuffed into a G string. Rapper Salt from the 80s group Salt-N-Peppa has turned 57. Now when she says push it real good, it's because she's constipated.GEORGE "TYRUS" MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That was good.GUTFELD: According to a report, the NFL will auction the media rights to two of its Christmas Day games with bids starting at $50 million. Meanwhile, the WNBA will also auction rights to two of its games with bids starting at $300 in Kohl's cash. It's not fair, maybe. And tomorrow night ABC will air the classic film "The 10 Commandments", but in order not to offend modern progressive audience -- audiences, it's been edited and now it's called this.I thought that was good. To the news, while Trump grieves a fallen cop, Joe shakes down the cream of the crop. It was a telethon to end all telethons where celebrities raised millions for a very important charity, themselves. Because if they can't prop up their dying political cause with policies or votes, the next best thing is cash. But where a normal telethon fights a disease, this one is meant to preserve it. The disease being one of insulated elitism, and that detached arrogance was brought home with liberal singers, bands and celebs all there to save a very sick man. The glitzy campaign fundraiser at Radio City Music Hall raised an estimated $26 million and this time 100 percent goes to the big guy.Yeah, I'll take that. He was joined by former President Bill Clinton and current President Barack Obama. One is a dog and the other knows nine ways to cook one. It's true. Barack Obama ate a dog. Wow. It's true. You can look it up. Google it.CHARLIE HURT, WASHINGTON TIMES OPINION ED: It's in his book.GUTFELD: Yeah. Someone named Stefan Colbert moderated a discussion between them where they touted their accomplishments and made their case for saving democracy from the clutches of the big orange meanie. It was a circle jerk of sanctimony, pretentious putz's stroking each other for millions. Several singers performed, the biggest of course being Lizzo. No, it's true. She's had the most number ones off the value menu. And I'd hate to see your number two's. Disgusting.But it wasn't all good news for Biden and the gang. Outside hundreds of anti-Israel protesters gathered demanding a ceasefire in Gaza. The only thing they hate more than Israel is showering. And on the very same day just miles away from Radio City, former President Trump was honoring the life of a fallen New York police officer Jonathan Diller, who was killed in the line of duty. No word yet if Kamala Harris helped bail out his murderer. But perhaps the most awkward moment came from Old Joe himself. He had another unfortunate handshake with heaven. Watch.(MUSIC PLAYING)GUTFELD: In his own defense, Joe said he was just reconnecting with his good friend, Robert Byrd. We go to the President for comment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM SHILLUE ACTING LIKE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: No, no, no, look, I know when there's people there and when they're not there. It's just me staying in shape, man. I got to be ready to shake hands. And, and sign bills. All right. It's all part of my morning workout. Now excuse me, let me get back to my coffee. Rich, bland.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Charlie -- all right. So he raised over 25 million bucks, Charlie. Will all that money help them or it just makes -- make them look more far removed than ever? Does this matter?HURT: Well, Donald Trump has already proven that one of the most interesting things that he's done is sort of upset the whole notion that, you know, politic -- politics is completely driven by money. He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016, using half the money that she spent, and I suspect he's going to do the same this time. These people, they may be able to raise more money, but you there's nothing you can do when you have the optics like they had where you have Donald Trump going and literally sitting -- going to a wake with the family of a slain police officer.And they are here in Midtown holding a fundraiser where they're charging people $100,000 for a photograph of the three presidents together. The optics couldn't be more terrible. And you know, we saw this outside on Sixth Avenue. There were literally hundreds of police officers standing in the rain, directing traffic, who probably would have rather been at the wake for their -- their fallen comrade.GUTFELD: I didn't consider that point. That is an excellent point, Charlie.HURT: Thank you, Greg.GUTFELD: You're welcome. Dagen, do you think this is going to save Biden when the cavalry comes.DAGEN MCDOWELL, CO-HOST, "THE BOTTOM LINE": No. What cavalry?GUTFELD: Well, you had three presidents there with the combined like, years of service of a lot.MCDOWELL: Yeah, yeah, but you got you know, they're raising money with the photograph of the three presidents but because Bill's there, you got to give everybody a discount in case he grabs somebody's ass. I do appreciate the fact that, as always, the most odious people are also the most oblivious, oblivious to the suffering of others but oblivious to their own awfulness. And what people who are the Hickson, the hayseeds, and the rednecks that they despise, what we do have is the ability to pick up on our own pit stank.Like literally, like, do you know baby white these bitches when it's, you're overcome with it. But also figuratively, to know when you're annoying other people because you have friends around you, and Kat will tell some -- tell me that somebody's behind me is rolling their eyes like this. That's part of it.GUTFELD: You mean having a stroke?MCDOWELL: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes. You know, I just realized that all of those people were there -- that all those presidents were there because of one person, it wasn't Biden. It was Trump.HURT: Yep.GUTFELD: And there was -- there was one person who wasn't there because of Trump and it's Hillary.MURDOCH: True.MCDOWELL: Mind blowing.GUTFELD: You guys are a little slow today. All right, Kat, was it as nauseating a spectacle to you as it was to the rest of the world?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think probably more so for me, because we work like two blocks away from this. Nothing says I don't think about the way I affect other people, like let's host a fundraiser in midtown Manhattan in the middle of the week and have three presidents there. So I mean, everything was blocked off. And I guess you know, not a big deal, minor inconvenience for me. But for the city and for other people, it's just like they could have done this probably literally anywhere else.And I think that is a microcosm for the of the way that a lot of the ruling class kind of behaves right it's like they've got they're -- they're so in their own heads over doing this thing. Look, this is so cool. We're so cool. Circle jerk, as you said, I think is really the best way to describe it. Completely oblivious to the -- to the world around them. I mean, imagine -- imagine like, imagine being able to get around Midtown Manhattan easily on any day. You literally do need a motorcade to be able to do that on any day, and to be like, you know, of all the places they could have gone, let's just create chaos.GUTFELD: Yeah, you know, and it's funny, circle jerk is considered a crude term, but it's literally a circle of jerks that was there last night. Tyrus, basically, it was the March of Dimes for millionaires.MURDOCH: Yeah, I actually I think that number is a little low.GUTFELD: Yeah, yeah.MURDOCH: To be honest with you, because I'm sure they were paying to see Obama. And they're probably paying to see Bill and then like, well, since he's here.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: I think that was kind of -- you know. For the American public, this is about as clear choices, you're going to get. You get a president who's going to visit a fallen police officer, or a president is going to hang out with Lizzo and second rated late night comedy guy. So I mean, that's just that's should be clear, pretty clear and concise, to which way you're going to vote, which, you're not going to vote. They even tried so hard to attack the president. And I wonder how long rehearsal was?Because he almost (BEEP) did up again, because he forgot that he worked at an Oval Office. And if you watched the clip, he was like, yeah, that time he was in the Oval of the oval, oval. And Bill's like, I'm not helping you. And Obama was like, the strings are tied together. I can't get his mouth to move right. So and he's like, I told him, I spot them three strokes if he carried his bag, and then the laugh signs went up, and everybody laughed, and I was like, they haven't practiced that a lot. He still almost messed it up. That's -- you want the guy who says newcomers and has parties with rich people and still under achieves. He shouldn't make $50 million.GUTFELD: Yeah.HURT: And that whole weird thing, how they came up on the stage as it elevated like they were on Star Trek.MURDOCH: OK, you know, that's not fair. Listen, I don't mind teasing him, but that's not fair. You know what happens with him and stairs. You are out of line. You are out of line.GUTFELD: You're right though. That's why.HURT: Yeah.MURDOCH: Because here's what happens if he falls, he's going to reach for people. And he's going to grab Bill. Billy is feeble, he breaks his hip, he's down then Obama falls over the top with a mass murderer because it's a damn stairs. No, sir.GUTFELD: Yeah.MCDOWELL: That I would've have paid for.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Yeah. I would've bought that ticket.MCDOWELL: Instead of do sneaking in the public toilets in -- (inaudible).MURDOCH: And when they went up the steps --MCDOWELL: Yup.MURDOCH: It would be great.GUTFELD: Oh, man.MURDOCH: Those little horse shoes.GUTFELD: All right, let's move on, shall we. Up next, the Prez with gorgeous hair wants to lead us in prayer.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (SINGING) It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's video of the day.GUTFELD: Yeah. Our video of the day comes to us from President Trump, who recently teamed up with Lee Greenwood to create a "God Bless the USA Bible." Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Proud to be partnering with my very good friend Lee Greenwood, who does love his song "God Bless the USA", in connection with promoting the "God Bless the USA Bible", religion and Christianity are the biggest things missing from this country. And I truly believe that we need to bring them back and we have to bring them back fast. I think it's one of the biggest problems we have. That's why our country is going haywire.All Americans need a Bible in their home and I have many. It's my favorite book. It's a lot of people's favorite book. We love God. We have to protect anything that is pro-God. We must make America pray again.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: He's got a lot of Bibles in his house. But he's got a point America under Joe Biden has most of us on our knees. We actually reached out to Trump for comment to hear more about his thoughts on the Bible. And he got back to us, I think. Wonder what he thinks about Adam and Eve.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)TYLER FISCHER SPEAKING LIKE TRUMP: Frankly, as far as Adam and Eve go, I would never take fruit from a naked woman especially stormy Daniels. also I don't eat food. I think it's very nasty. Diet Coke. That's a different story. They say "Sir, we love the Diet Coke." I take a Diet Coke from Nancy Pelosi, frankly, even though she's a nasty, nasty woman. Did you see that picture of her in a bikini? So nasty? I think she had two Diet Cokes stuffed into that bathing suit, if you know what I'm saying frankly. I mean, that could have made Lazarus return from his grave.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: All right. What about Moses?(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)FISCHER SPEAKING LIKE TRUMP: Moses, let's talk about Moses. Moses wandered the desert for 40 years. That didn't happen to me in Scottsdale because I learned to play golf so good frankly. His supporters, think of it, worshipped a golden cow. They say "sir, a golden cow." I bet they'd love "The View", right? No offense to "The View." I'm sure they're lovely to some but frankly, fat women just aren't my type. What can I say?Talk about a view that's a view, rarely a panoramic. You can't even you got to do wide angle. We got Easter coming up. He has risen. He/she/they/them has risen. It's all woke. I don't think these women could rise out of a chair. They need a forklift, frankly or a crane, I think.(END AUDIO CLIP)GUTFELD: Can't say I didn't enjoy it. All right. What about Noah? Any thoughts on him?(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)FISCHER SPEAKING LIKE TRUMP: Oh, I love Noah. I talked. I had a great call with him. Perfect phone call with Noah today. I see problems before they happen but I have a bigger boat, frankly, much bigger. But there's no live animals on mine except for when I want fresh veal, so fresh. I love fresh veal. They say "sir, that's going to make the animal rights people go crazy, sir." They already are crazy. You know, probably frankly, because they don't get enough meat. They have no nutrients. Their pencil thin just like Adam Schiff's neck "Pencil neck" I call him.(END AUDIO CLIP)GUTFELD: All right. I think that was Tyler Fischer doing wonderful. There he is, the little guy. All right, Dagon, what do you think Trump selling The Bible? It's very Trump.MCDOWELL: What it causes the Biden supporters and all the left wing bags to kind of own themselves because they're trying to make fun of him for selling Bibles. And instead, they're mocking The Bible. And so also, what are you going to do? Are you my dare to knock MAGA hat off somebodies head but you're going to knock a Bible out of somebody's hand and then I get to sit back and watch you burst into flames (BEEP). And what's Biden got on the flip side? What Biden's agnostic balm for your knee booboo, after you fall? That's the best you got.GUTFELD: Yeah. Cat, what do you think about this? Is it a little cheesy or is it to, you know, you don't have to buy it?TIMPF: I think he might watch this and get the idea for an audio book or whatever. Like, Trump reads the Bible.GUTFELD: I would buy that.TIMPF: Like I mean, like today, right -- like in it's -- like, in his own words like today's Good Friday, he talks about like crooked Judas and the haters and the losers. I mean people like he's -- he's doing this during holy like, of course he is. Of course he is. And you know what else? People are going to buy it. I mean reading the description of this it's like comes with a big large easy to read beautiful font or whatever. I mean, yeah, you don't have to buy it. But you know what? People are going to. You look at white evangelicals like 80 percent of them vote for Donald Trump no matter what, how many times people have pointed out, oh, well, Trump did this and Trump did that.Clearly, they don't care. He has said before the Bible is his favorite book.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I'm surprised there hasn't been an audio version already. You don't have to like it, but people will and they will buy it.GUTFELD: You know, and it's funny.MURDOCH: It's hilarious.TIMPF: Yeah, it is.GUTFELD: Tyrus, they're trying to drain him with lawfare and now they make fun of him for trying to raise money.MURDOCH: Listen, I think only President Trump, this is why I want least one debate. He's like, sir, you had $174 million dollars in fines to pay, and he would be but yeah, and the Lord paid for me. I think -- I think just because -- I can't talk trash because I'm not a religious dude, right. But I respect the rules of religions. I think when the country follows them, we're a better country, right. But I wouldn't. I got four kids and three baby mamas, man. I need as much money as I get. I don't know, maybe -- maybe the street version of the Bible with Tyrus. The Lord said unto thee to the young man, no diddy.HURT: Nice.MURDOCH: In his name we pray.GUTFELD: Yes. Charlie, why should he limit it to you know, Christianity? Why not do a version of the Quran or the Torah?HURT: Yeah, I think that that -- that might not work as well.GUTFELD: I know, I don't think so.HURT: But it is always the same with these people. It's always these people who care the least about what God has to say, who become the most offended when Donald Trump supposedly is trying to benefit from or commercialize off the Bible. And but when I first heard about it, I just dismissed it because you hear so much of, you know, so much of the outrage, you're just like, OK, this is really stupid. But then I sat and listen, watch the video, and I watch the video. It's like, oh, this is so fantastic.And the reason it's so great is because he goes right to the point. He's not being like subtle about it.GUTFELD: No.HURT: He's being like, this is what we need to do. And he's like, he's like defending the Bible in the in the public square, which is actually I think, is a very smart thing to be doing. And he's not apologizing for it.GUTFELD: Will anybody get a royalty?HURT: Well, yeah, there is a financial aspect to it. But there is to any Bible you buy. Every Bible.GUTFELD: That's what I meant. It's like Bible -- who get the money when you buy a Bible?HURT: Right. But the point is, it's -- it's done onGUTFELD: Where does it go? Who's the author? But it's my only question, Charlie. Who's the author who gets the money?HURT: The copyright has expired.GUTFELD: The copyright has expired, therefore, there is no way to do that. What are -- there other books like that, right?HURT: Yeah, every book that's over like 50 years old, the copyright expires.GUTFELD: Yeah. That's wrong. All right.MCDOWELL: You're thinking about yourself, right?TIMPF: Yeah. Yeah.MURDOCH: Look, all you have to do is change one word on end of each chapter of the Bible and technically it would be a new book.GUTFELD: That's true.MURDOCH: Gutfeld.GUTFELD: That's true. All right. Up next, a nonprofit gets bent over the term 100 percent.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everything is racist.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Tonight on "Everything is racist," the phrase 100 percent. Donald Trump Jr. recently called out the Anti-Defamation League for including "100 percent" in its list of terms related to hate and extremism. According to the ADL, 100 percent can be shorthand for 100 percent white.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: If that's true, I've been surrounded by white supremacists for years.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)EMILY COMPAGNO, CO-HOST, "OUTNUMBERED": But it's 100 percent about the gift.A hundred percent.A hundred percent.MURDOCH: One hundred percent.ROB LONG, COMEDIAN: A hundred percent.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hundred percent.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hundred percent.MURDOCH: Four-thousand percent.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: One hundred percent.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS ANALYST: A hundred percent.BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: It was 100 percent.JOE DEVITO, WRITER/COMEDIAN: A hundred percent.JAMIE LISSOW, ACTOR/WRITER/COMEDIAN: A hundred percent.TIMPF: A thousand percent.COMPAGNO: Yes, 100,000 times percent.GUTFELD: That's 100 percent.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Tyrus, I believe we are all racist. What say you?MURDOCH: I'm not.GUTFELD: I'm 100 percent.MURDOCH: According to them, I can't be no matter what I do.GUTFELD: Yes, it's true.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: All right.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)MURDOCH: I 100 percent, to 100 percent white, I've told some lies in my life and I've pulled some -- I cannot connect. I don't know how they got there. Whoever got there, can you please teach me?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, this is like, in order to make this leap, you have to be an accomplished mind reader. You have to go, oh, when you sate 100 percent, I have to go, you mean 100 percent white. That's the only, the left can only win arguments if they can read your mind.TIMPF: Well, what I thought was interesting is after this blew up, they said, no, it depends on the context. Sure, but I actually never once seen it used in this context.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: And I don't think the problem is I haven't been on the Internet enough.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I've seen a lot of things. I've seen a lot of things. We all have if you've ever been on one of the dotcoms. There's all kinds of stuff, because I've never seen a single person use 100 percent in this way.GUTFELD: No.TIMPF: And so to your point, where did they -- did they find this? Is it out there? I've never seen it even in the dredges of the Internet or deep in the comments sections where you find the real nasty -- I've still never seen this.GUTFELD: But you know what, Charlie, it's like whenever you get into a debate with somebody about immigration or crime, they will look at you, and let's say you're right. They will go, well, you're obviously racist. And so what they do is they leap over into your head and say I know what you're thinking. This is exactly kind of encapsulates that strategy, which is that when you say a word, I know better than you do what you are thinking.HURT: Yes, they're mind-readers. But it also winds up actually revealing everything about them and nothing about you. You showed the montage of everyone saying 100 percent. They should be forced to show the montage of all the people they hang out with, which is a bunch of people who apparently say 100 percent white. That's 100 percent white. It's like, I've never heard it before, but whoever you are hanging out with, they are some really creepy dudes.GUTFELD: Speaking of hanging out with creepy dudes, Dagen, what is going on with the ADL? The ADL is obviously pro-Jewish, but at the same time also absurdly woke.DAGEN MCDOWELL, CO-HOST, "THE BOTTOM LINE": How did you know that I spent maybe two hours going through this glossary. So here are some things that represent white supremacy. Steel toed work boots with white laces or red laces.GUTFELD: Safety. Safety is racist.MCDOWELL: Owning a Pitbull.GUTFELD: What?MCDOWELL: Being against Antifa -- anti-Antifa is white supremacist. Also they have all of these photographs of hand signals. They're all blurry. So I can't figure out, like who knows. I'm like, OK, am I a Vulcan or a -- Nazi? Nobody knows.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)MCDOWELL: Can I add one thing?GUTFELD: Sure.MCDOWELL: There is 110 percent is evil, because it's a pie. It's 100 percent. The 10 percent over here is a little slice of pie that doesn't exist as part of the pie.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: We're going to edit that so it looks like you're doing a heart.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I just have to point out that I think almost every word beam comes from Emily Compagno. Have you noticed that?MURDOCH: Is she in charge of the woke?GUTFELD: She was the first person saying 100 percent. And then also to your point, to your point --TIMPF: You guys.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It all starts from Emily Compagno. Evil Emily.Coming up, pop songs are lame, but are the lyrics to blame?(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- pop music is even dumber. Kat, researchers analyzed 12,000 English language rock, rap, country, R&B songs released between 1980 and 2020 and concluded that, regardless of genre -- is that weird, genre -- lyrics got simpler and more repetitive since 1980. They've also become more emotional and personal. Does that reflect our current self-obsessions, or is it Taylor Swift's fault?TIMPF: I really should be a fan of Taylor Swift, I never really got into it. But I really like lyrics that are emotional and personal.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I think millennials, anyone who is watching this who might be out there who is also millennial, we all grew up with AOL Instant Messenger where you put up the away message of the song lyrics and hope that a guy sees it and realizes it's about him. I feel like the urge is still so strong for those of us who grow up that way to put a song on our Instagram story and hope the person it's about will look at it, click on the lyrics, and read it. And by the way, it never works. It's pathetic. Don't do it. But the temptation is there. And so lyrics, I think, are important. Many, many songs I like only because the lyrics, I like to listen to them and cry. And I think that that's health and cool.GUTFELD: It's weird. Dagen, the dumbest songs ever I think are the smartest ones. Like the Ramones, the lyrics to the Ramones, those are genius. Or how about "Tutti-Frutti," or "Louie, Louie" by The Kingsmen. The simplicity is the brilliance, not the complexity. You know the worst song of all time? "We Didn't Start the Fire" by Billy Joel.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's just like he read an almanac.MCDOWELL: Yes. Donna Summer's "Love to Love You, Baby."GUTFELD: Fantastic. I used to play that at night.(LAUGHTER)MCDOWELL: This pig, potatoes study is anti-American. I was done by some researcher in Austria. So again, last hot musician that came out of Austria, Mozart. Jealous?GUTFELD: And he was deaf. Or that was Beethoven.MCDOWELL: That was Beethoven.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You know what, they're both dead.MCDOWELL: You know what, they can suck it.GUTFELD: Yes.MCDOWELL: That's what I say.GUTFELD: Yes. Wow, that went to a dark place.Charlie, do you agree music has gotten dumber?HURT: I guess so. I don't listen to a lot of Taylor Swift or new music.GUTFELD: Reall. That would make you a pervert if you did.HURT: Then that's another reason not to.(LAUGHTER)HURT: When you listen to songs now, it does sound stupid. Lou Reed spent a lifetime reading James Joyce and I think wrote some of the most amazing music, and nobody is reading James Joyce. Have you ever tried to read James Joyce?GUTFELD: "Ulysses"? Kill me. I was just thinking, it'd be so funny if somebody you like did go to Taylor Swift concerts. Somebody would go, oh, did you bring your kid here? Nope.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So wait, you're here? I'm here for Taylor.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tyrus, are songs making us dumber or are we making the songs dumber?MURDOCH: I think the problem, because all the songs you mentioned were from like the 60s and 70s. Even though they were clever, and they were simple but they were artistic, and they were all different. And then the music industry got involved. So we don't get songs from artists anymore. We get songs from the music industry. We get wonderful gems like "Mmmbop".GUTFELD: Yes. Hanson. How did I know that?MURDOCH: Everyone knows it, because they play the same jingle on every song. They found a scientific thing no matter -- so they don't pay a writer. They can say anything, and we will bob our heads to it, or our kids will.Now in Charles defense, if you saw him at a Taylor Swift concert it's probably because he has kids. And if you have kids listen to music, you have to list to the music that they listen to to listen to what they say, because a couple of weeks ago my kids was, we love this song. It's our favorite song, dad. So I turned on in the truck. And it was like "I just killed my ex, not the best idea."(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: And I was like, you are nine years old. What do you know about? So you've got to know.And I'm going to say this about Taylor Swift. I don't listen to her music at all, but she was an awesome girlfriend. She went to every one of his games, and she's a billionaire. She could've had a stunt double there. She could have had a videotape sitting there. She was there present for every one of his games. She is bigger than he is, and I thought that was awesome. She didn't get enough credit for that. Everyone wants to say I can't believe -- I happen to know there's people that don't have a job at all and be like, hey, I'm going to be at "Gutfeld!" this week. You guys want to come. No.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes. All right, well --(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: She is a nice girlfriend, Greg. Give her a break.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: I'm not a Swiftie, but I support her and Kelsey. Damn, I'm ryming. Get me off the air.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: If I were dating Taylor swift, I'd make her mend my clothes very fast.MURDOCH: It won't take long. You're like this big.MCDOWELL: I got that.GUTFELD: Thank you. Taylor Swift.TIMPF: Oh, I get it now.(APPLAUSE)MURDOCH: Why are you clapping?GUTFELD: I get to do this show and then I have to go back to the hospital.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, up next, it's a "Gutfeld!" jubilee answering your questions with glee.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yep, you are watching Mailing It In.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Interesting question from Lloyd. Lloyd asks, "What is an opportunity you once had that you're now glad that you passed on?" Charlie?HURT: I probably when I was just out of school would have given anything to work at "The New York Times." Not that I ever had that opportunity, but I probably would've take it if I ever did. I'm glad that I never worked there.GUTFELD: Yes.HURT: It would be embarrassing.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So you're glad that you didn't apply for a job you would've been rejected from.(LAUGHTER)HURT: There's that, too. Thank you, Greg.MURDOCH: The whole pervert thing just messed him up.GUTFELD: Dagen, what's an opportunity you had that you're not glad you passed on?MCDOWELL: First job offer here in New York City was to be an OSHA inspector for the New York Public Library. And I was going to get a car. They were going to give me a car, and I'd get to drive out to Staten Island and Queens. I thought that was really cool, but I turned it down. It was probably a good thing.GUTFELD: Yes, you'd been found in the trunk of that car.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Who, Dagen? No. They would be in the trunk of her car.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: True.MCDOWELL: I would've ended up in prison is what would've happened.GUTFELD: Kat?TIMPF: I'm going to answer it like Charlie did. An opportunity that I really always wanted but I'm glad I didn't get, when I was little, I really, really, really wanted to be on Nickelodeon.GUTFELD: Thank God.TIMPF: And no I'm glad that I was not.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Oh, yes, yes.HURT: But you're still on TV with little people.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Yes, but this little people isn't trying to diddle everybody, so it's --(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Speaking of diddling, ask me mine, because you're going to love mine. Ask me mine.GUTFELD: What's yours?MURDOCH: This is 100 percent real. I was asked to go on a bodyguard tour with Diddy, and I passed.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: And that is why you are sitting here today.MURDOCH: And not in prison for murdering a little creepy dude with baby teeth.GUTFELD: I was asked to be a judge on a reality show called "Married by America," do you remember this, 2000s, or something? And you would have to go, and the public would vote on who you get to marry. And I would be one of the judges on like, I don't know what I would even be judging.HURT: Like mail-order brides?GUTFELD: No, it was a reality show, where people would come together, and then the judges would decide who gets with what -- it was terrible. But the cut, the what do you call it, the form you had to sign said you had to stay there onsite for four months and you couldn't leave. And I said that's impossible. Anyway, that was a fun story.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We are out of time. Thank you Charles Hurt, Dagen McDowell, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)