(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PATRICK HENDRY, PRESIDENT, POLICE BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK: Today is another step towards justice for our hero brother Jonathan Diller and his family.This is a career criminal who's been arrested many, many times, and less than a year ago was arrested for an illegal firearm. Why was he back out in the streets? He should have been remanded. And, last Monday, in his car, he had another illegal firearm.He is just as responsible for the death of our hero brother as the triggerman.(END VIDEO CLIP)SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: We are live in New York City, where one of the two suspects arrested in connection with the deadly shooting of officer Jonathan Diller just appeared in court; 41-year-old Lindy Jones is accused of driving the vehicle at the time of the shooting, a judge ordering him held without bail for now.It follows an emotional plea from Officer Diller's widow to get tough on crime.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANIE DILLER, WIFE OF SLAIN NYPD OFFICER: My son will grow up without his father, I will grow old without my husband, and his parents have to say goodbye to their child. How many more police officers and how many more families need to make the ultimate sacrifice before we start protecting them?(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: Critics now asking if we will start protecting these officers by cracking down on criminals. We will have more on that for you in just a moment.Welcome, everyone. I'm Sandra Smith, in for Neil Cavuto, and this is "Your World."First to Nate Foy. He's live here in New York City. He's got the very latest on what we're learning after that suspect appeared in court -- Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sandra, the man accused of driving the car during NYPD officer Jonathan Diller's murder exactly one week ago today appeared in a Queens, New York courtroom this afternoon. Take a look.You just mentioned, Lindy Jones is his name. He faces several weapons charges and he faces 15 years in prison if convicted in this specific case, but 15 additional years for a separate open weapons case from last year. His next court date is April 16.The judge deemed him a flight risk, so he's being held without bail. And here's the Queens DA, Melinda Katz, talking about that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELINDA KATZ, QUEENS, NEW YORK, DISTRICT ATTORNEY: My office quoted him as saying, "I shoot people."And that is one of the reasons that we do believe he is an amazing flight risk. Once you're held accountable for one gun charge and now the second gun charge, he's facing up to 30 years, and he made it very clear that this is what he does. He shoots people.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Sandra, over 100 police officers supported the late NYPD detective today.Diller leaves behind a 1-year-old son and his widow, who during his funeral this weekend called on New York's elected officials to do more to protect police officers. Guy Rivera's accused of murdering Diller during a traffic stop last week, and police say it could have been prevented.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL DIGIACOMO, PRESIDENT, DETECTIVES' ENDOWMENT ASSOCIATION: These bail reform laws that Albany has enacted has catered to the criminal element and not to the victims of crime. And because of those bail reform laws, we have a dead cop on our hands now.This system is broke. Our legislature has to wake up, fix what's broke, or more people are going to die.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Rivera will appear in court next on May 7.His criminal history includes 21 prior arrest at least, including several felonies -- Sandra.SMITH: Nate Foy live here in New York City for us, thank you.So what can be done to protect police when career criminals are just let back on the streets, as in this case?With us now is former New York City Police Detective Pat Brosnan.Pat, great to see you. Thanks for joining us, horrible circumstances, but, to that New York official a moment ago, the system's broken. We're catering to the criminals. Is that happening?PAT BROSNAN, FORMER NYPD DETECTIVE: Good afternoon, Sandra.The fact, the fact is, Sandra, that the police need to be more proactive. The reality is that we can -- we can roll back bail reform. We can get judges uncuffed where they have responsibility and discretion for sentencing and bail. We can legitimize the rogue prosecutors, but above and beyond that the overarching change must be that constitutionally lawful searches, Fourth Amendment viable searches of individuals who you believe are carrying a weapon have to be amplified.We have to revisit the value of stop and frisk from the '80s and '90s and early 2000s, because, otherwise, the bad guy feels empowered to carry a weapon, no different than Rivera and his partner. And the other -- by the way, the other most amazing thing is that no one's brought up the three strike rule, the habitual offender rule.Both of these bad guys will -- if they got caught with that loaded gun out there in Far Rockaway, they were going to prison for life with no parole. It's called the three strikes law. That's why he opened fire on Detective First Grade Diller, because he knew he was going in forever and ever and ever.And that's a fact, and that's a great law. But we have to, have to, have to be more proactive. Otherwise, they will continue to carry illegal weapons, and they will open fire when they're looking at a heavy, heavy sentence, as they should and as they will.SMITH: Well, we know it was Guy Rivera who shot and killed, ultimately, Officer Diller. And this suspect who appeared in court today was driving the vehicle.He, as we just learned, faces 30 years, held without bail. Are the punishments going to fit the crimes here that these two suspects carried out?(LAUGHTER)BROSNAN: Not in my view. Not in my view.Detective First Grade Diller, his 9-month-son, Ryan, and his wife, Stephanie, have received a death sentence for the fact that there's no father around. I am a proponent of the death sentence, and right here you have a textbook case of it. He was murdered, executed, assassinated in cold blood on a lawful car stop, parked illegally in a bus lane on Mott Avenue.It should be death. That's my view on it, absolutely. Thirty years in -- and, by the way, bail reform, the less is more provisional bail reform allowed Guy Rivera to be released a full year early. For every day that -- every 30 days that he does -- ostensibly does not have a violation, Sandra, he gets released 30 days earlier.SMITH: Yes.BROSNAN: That put him back on the street an entire year earlier. He would not have been on the street capable of assassinating Detective Diller...SMITH: Yes.BROSNAN: ... if that bail reform that Cuomo had parachuted onto us two years ago.SMITH: Well, look no further than the families who are greatly affected by this, obviously, Stephanie, Officer Diller's now widow and mother of their 1-year-old son, who's now left behind without a father.It was Stephanie who said, this is a city that needs to get tough on crime, not tougher, needs to get tough on crime, period, because she is blaming that for her husband's death.BROSNAN: One thousand percent. Could not agree more. You have prosecutors who are rogues who do not enforce the law they're sworn to.You have judges who are handcuffs, Sandra, who have no discretion, zero discretion under this bail reform on both sentencing and bail. You have to energize the police. You have to empower them to go out and conduct Fourth Amendment constitutionally legal and lawful searches so that the bad guys will not take the risk of carrying a weapon, because they know they're going to be searched.These guys were sitting -- think about it. They're sitting in plain view illegally parked with two loaded Glocks on their person. Do you want to know why, in my view? Because they never thought they'd be searched.SMITH: Yes.BROSNAN: But gentlemen -- sorry -- outstanding officers like Detective Diller are proactive and they challenged them, and that's why he opened fire.SMITH: It's just a horrific and such a sad, sad story and state affairs in cities like New York, where we are seeing these soft-on-crime policies play out far too often and end like this.Pat Brosnan, thank you.And this is another Fox News Alert, live to Chamblee, Georgia, where we are learning more after that car rammed into the gate of an FBI office.Madison Scarpino is live there in Atlanta. She's got the latest for us.What are we learning?MADISON SCARPINO, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sandra, the FBI confirms that the suspect was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital -- that's in the heart of Atlanta -- for a mental evaluation.But they do say that he will be arrested. And the car was actually towed away from the facility about 15 minutes ago. We saw the car being inspected for a while by people with gas masks and hazmat outfits on for protection to just make sure there wasn't anything dangerous in the car.And it must have gotten the all-clear because it is now towed away, as I just mentioned. But it all started around noon, when officials say that the driver slammed into the office's employee entrance gate into a security blockade. And you can see on the video the blockade worked. The driver didn't get very far. The car is wrecked. The airbags went off.And an FBI source says that the suspect was actually trying to follow employees into the gate. They say he tried to go into the facility, but was unsuccessful. And, fortunately, nobody was injured. The FBI says that he was not associated with the facility at all.And, as for the building, Sandra, the FBI field office is in Chamblee, Georgia, which is a city just outside of Atlanta. It's near -- just off of I-85 North If you're from Atlanta, you're very familiar with that DeKalb interstate. It's about 10 minutes from DeKalb-Peachtree Airport.And it's one of the 56 field offices nationwide, where FBI agents carry out investigations and assess local and regional crime threats. Now, the Atlanta field office, in particular, it's known for leading complex investigations, including its cyber program, which is one of the busiest teams at the bureau.But back out here live, as far as a criminal motive or if there was any domestic terrorism involved, the FBI says that they cannot answer that at this point. But this situation is very much so still developing, and we're monitoring everything, and we will keep you updated.SMITH: All right, Madison, thank you. We know you will.More on this with former FBI special agent and FOX News contributor Nicole Parker.Nicole, thank you and we had you on the breaking news as we were learning these details as it was happening earlier. What can you add to what we have learned now?NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first of all, that FBI field OFFICES are extremely secure and they do have these barricades in place to stop individuals of this nature.Having worked in FBI Miami, I can tell you that the employee entrances, there's an armed gate. You have to put in your card, put in a specific code, and then it goes up, and then there's a barrier, and it has to go down in order for you to enter the office.It wouldn't be the first time that a non-FBI employee tried to tailgate an employee and gain entrance into the FBI office. Those barricades work. And we saw that happen today.FBI field offices have been the target of threats. This is not the first time. We don't know the details at this point. Was it terrorist-related? What I do know from individuals -- sources that I have is that this potentially may have been someone who the FBI had been notified of a BOLO, be on the lookout, for a certain individual that may have been threatening that office or people in that field office in Atlanta.Again, no link or evidence that it is the same individual that they had been warned about, but if -- as the investigation continues, I'm sure that those facts will be coming out. This is something that the FBI takes extremely seriously because they are a target. We saw what happened in August of 2022 in the FBI Cincinnati field office, where an individual, again, attempted to gain entry into an FBI office.They were unsuccessful. It ended up turning into a high-speed chase, and that individual ended up being killed by law enforcement. So, when someone attempts to gain access to an FBI office, the office employees, you are immediately alerted. Agents are alerted.My understanding is that there were agents that helped to take down this individual. There are guard gates. There are guard shacks. There's law enforcement right there at the front gates. There's video surveillance. It is very highly secure.But employees are notified. And we are trained on how to handle situations when someone is trying to gain entry into our office.SMITH: Nicole, as far as a motive, which we do not have yet -- they haven't released any sort of motive if they have learned of one -- do you believe that they will make that public?PARKER: You know, at this point, it's too premature to say if they will make that public.I think that, in the environment that we're in, they are going to try to be as transparent as possible because they want to deter other people from acting in the same manner and show, hey, if you go to an FBI field office and you try to do that, there will be justice served against you.And it's important to note that this person has been sent to a hospital for mental evaluation. We have something called complaint duty, and you're the one that takes in individuals when they come to the FBI field office. You take down their complaints. You're called the duty agent.I myself have been on duty agent service, and I have had an individual come to the field office and threaten to cause harm to us right there.SMITH: Wow.PARKER: So, this, again, is not the first time. But we will see what happens and I'm just grateful that no one was hurt and that there were no explosive devices found either.SMITH: Yes, I mean, look at these pictures. It's hard to think anybody thought they were going to get through that barrier. But to your point about times in the past where you have seen someone trail in another employee after they have keyed through their card and gone through the gate, that would be understandable.But they were on this almost the minute that it happened.Nicole Parker, thank you very much for joining us on the breaking news.All right, well, there are thousands of migrants heading into the U.S. in a new caravan, and now a new court ruling could be rolling out the welcome mat for them. We will explain.But, first, the world on watch as a suspected Israeli strike is said to have taken out a top Iranian commander. Major reverberations from this, we are on it.Then, after that Moscow massacre, a retired U.S. general sounding the warning. Why he says the threat of ISIS attacks here on the homeland is growing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. FRANK MCKENZIE (RET.), FORMER COMMANDER, U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND: I think we should expect further attempts of this nature against the United States, as well as our partners and other nations abroad. I think this is inevitable.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: To the border battle now.Just as another migrant caravan is making its way to the border between Mexico and Texas, an appeals court panel will hear arguments that week -- this week over that Texas law allowing the rest of illegal border crossers.FOX News' David Spunt is at the Justice Department. He's got the latest on that for us.Hi, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Sandra.There has been a lot of back and forth on this law. A federal appeals court, specifically, a three-judge panel, will listen to arguments about the constitutionality or the merits of this law on Wednesday in New Orleans. We will be there following the latest developments.The reason that a court in New Orleans is listening to arguments about this controversial Texas law is because Texas falls within the map of the circuit Court of Appeals. So New Orleans is in charge of the state of Texas. We expect arguments before this panel to take about an hour. The case will be argued from both sides of the government and those representing the state of Texas.You may remember, last month, the Supreme Court allowed the Texas law, giving local Texas law enforcement the ability to arrest anyone who is suspected of crossing the border illegally. The Supreme Court said it could be enforced. Just hours later, Sandra, a lower court put a pause or a stay in place on that law.The Justice Department is fighting to make that law unconstitutional, arguing that immigration control is entirely federal power. U.S. Border Patrol agents alone control the border and make arrests. But Texas Governor Greg Abbott has said many times the law is needed because of its state sovereignty and safety, and he says basically the United States government not doing its job.The U.S. Border Patrol is understaffed and undermanned. Border Patrol agents are not doing the proper job, according to Texas Governor Greg Abbott, so he believes that his staff and his team in Texas can do better. The actual merits of the law, meeting the constitutionality, will be argued on Wednesday.But, ultimately Sandra, no matter who wins or who loses, one side will likely go back to the Supreme Court, once again putting the justices in the middle of this issue in the middle of election season. So, back we go to the Supreme Court, but Wednesday will be an important day in the life and in the future of this controversial law -- Sandra.SMITH: And we will be watching it.David Spunt live on that for us.David, thank you.Turning now to a suspected Israeli airstrike in Damascus, Syria that reportedly killed a senior commander in Iran's Revolutionary Guard.FOX News' Trey Yingst is in Tel Aviv, Israel. He's got the latest and the details on that for us.Hi, Trey.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Sandra. Good afternoon.We are learning more about this rare daytime strike taking place in Damascus, Syria, killing top Iranian General Mohammad Zahedi. Zahedi is a man responsible for the weapons shipments from Iran to places like Lebanon and Syria. He's also someone who reports directly to top IRGC leadership.Now, reports do indicate six other members of Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps were killed in the strikes earlier today. Syria's foreign minister reacting, saying this:(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAISAL MEKDAD, SYRIAN FOREIGN MINISTER (through translator): We strongly condemn this criminal act carried out by the Zionist enemy, which led to the death of some innocent civilians who were passing by the street. So, again, we emphasize our position beside our brothers in the Iranian Embassy and the Islamic Republic of Iran, and we assure that Syria and the Islamic Republic don't forget their enemies.(END VIDEO CLIP)YINGST: The location here is important to talk about. We are talking about a strike inside the capital of Damascus at a building just next to the Iranian embassy.The question now is if and how Iran will respond. Israeli forces remain on high alert across the country -- Sandra.SMITH: All right, Trey Yingst on that, thank you.What are the reverberations from this strike?Let's ask former CIA station chief in Moscow and FOX News contributor Dan Hoffman.Your thoughts, Dan?DAN HOFFMAN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, this was a pretty extraordinary tactical success by the Israelis.It's worth noting that they spared the Iranian ambassador. They used their intelligence to find and fix the location of the IRGC commander for Lebanon and Syria, and they used their kinetic capability to finish him.This operation is really important for Israel, both to degrade the IRGC's capabilities, but it's also how you deter Iran, because so much of the weapons that Iran is sending to his Hezbollah go right through Syria. And that's how you do it.We're still not doing much more than shooting down drones from the Houthis. I think we could take a page out of Israel's book in terms of how to deter Iran and degrade their capability in terms of their ability to support their proxy terrorists.SMITH: Yes.And, Dan, the Iranian ambassador warning, the response to the airstrike will be harsh, so we will be watching for where that goes next. Meanwhile, we have heard FBI Director Christopher Wray sound the warning over the terror threat from the southern border. But now add in the Moscow massacre that ISIS-K has taken credit for, and Retired General Frank McKenzie is worried an attack here on the homeland could be coming.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MCKENZIE: ISIS-K, in particular, but ISIS in general, has a strong desire to attack our homeland. We should believe them when they say that. They're going to try to do it.And I -- so I think the threat is growing. It's begun to grow as soon as we left Afghanistan and took pressure off ISIS-K. So I think we should expect further attempts of this nature against the United States, as well as our partners and other nations abroad. I think this is inevitable.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: Dan, do you agree with that?HOFFMAN: I do. I have agreed with it since the day we left Afghanistan.Look, General McKenzie is right. We have taken the pressure off of ISIS-K. They enjoy ungoverned space, the same sort of ungoverned space that Al Qaeda enjoyed in Afghanistan before 9/11. What concerns me is that they now have a demonstrated external operations capability. They have launched attacks in Iran and Turkey and now a mass casualty attack in Russia.We're also in their crosshairs. And they have every reason to be looking at where we're most vulnerable. And that's why I think the concerns about our southern border are justified, and take the confluence of events right now with Israel's counteroffensive in Gaza, which Director Wray has also emphasized has proved to be a force multiplier for terrorists to fund-raise and disseminate propaganda, disinformation, and attract followers.So this is a time to be on high alert. It reminds me of when our -- my former Director at CIA George Tenet used to say the lights are blinking red. The question is, what are we going to do about it?SMITH: Yes.Considering the threats, the warning on the threats, there is almost consensus with our military community. Do you see our U.S. government taking this seriously enough, Dan?HOFFMAN: Well, I think we need to do more.I think the question is, now that we have left Afghanistan, we don't have the capability we once had to collect intelligence and deliver kinetic strikes on ISIS-K and Al Qaeda in Afghanistan. I think this is a good time for the House and Senate oversight to be looking at the Biden administration and their plan for dealing with these increased threats.We don't want to deal with them here in the United States at the point of attack. What we prefer to do is detect those threats way out what we like to call left of boom, and then preempt them before any harm is caused. But that job has become that much more difficult because we're not there. We're not in Afghanistan anymore.So there has to be some plan going forward. I'd like to hear what it is from the Biden administration.SMITH: That's quite a warning from you as well.Dan Hoffman on all of that for us.Thank you, Dan.New developments, meanwhile, in the Trump-Georgia case renewing the question if district attorney Fani Willis should stay on the case. Find out why.And, later, California's $20 minimum wage for fast-food workers kicking in. Could that have more workers down and out? Hear from a business owner demanding from California's governor.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: A new development in the wake of that Maryland bridge disaster. It could be a positive sign.And California's fast-food wage hike has officially kicked in. Will it have more consumers shelling out?We're back in 60 seconds.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: To the Trump Georgia case, and lots of questions today after district attorney Fani Willis said this:(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS (D), FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA, DISTRICT ATTORNEY: Recently, they tell me they don't like me to talk about race. Well, I'm going to talk about it anyway.Truth is, there's some challenges that come to being black.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: DA Willis making that comment, despite Judge Scott McAfee's rebuke.Former President Donald Trump and co-defendants already appealing the decision to keep Willis on the case. So, where is this heading?Good thing we have our legal eagles John Yoo and Katie Cherkasky here.So, John, what say you?JOHN YOO, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: I think Fani Willis, unfortunately, is forgetting that this case is not about her. It's not even really about Donald Trump. It's about public faith in the justice system.And when a judge orders a prosecutor not to talk about race, not to throw around racial accusations, and then the DA does it anyway, then she's undermining public faith in the integrity of justice. She's actually demonstrating the kind of disregard for the courts that she was when she was testifying.And the job of the prosecutor ultimately is to make sure that the public has faith in the decisions of the courts and the justice system. And she's undermining that. And that's going to, I think, undermine her ability to carry out this trial. It's only going to help Donald Trump.SMITH: Considering everything John just said, Katie, why do you think she said this?KATIE CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: I think she's daring the appellate court to disqualify her at this point.As Trump's attorneys pointed out in their appeal, one of the questions for disqualification is whether forensic misconduct is a basis for disqualification and what exactly that entails. And there is argument, based on Supreme Court precedent, that even injecting the idea of race, especially in a case that has nothing to do with race, is grounds alone for that disqualification.So, certainly, it will be interesting if the appellate court takes up this case what they make of that. But I think that alone could even form the basis for disqualification if the court wants to go there.SMITH: All right, now this, former President Donald Trump also pushing the boundaries of his gag order in the hush money case, one ex-judge saying he should be jailed if he violates it.So, John, what's your take on that?YOO: First of all, he has First Amendment rights. In fact, I think the judges in New York City have gone way too far with these gag orders, particularly when the person who's subject to them, the defendant, is also running for president, when he's speaking as part of the most important political process that our Constitution and the First Amendment is designed to protect, which is elections and political speech.I think that the courts have to be very careful, in fact, more than careful. They should err on the side of Donald Trump in making sure that he has the First Amendment free speech rights to talk about things, even if it involves criticizing the judge, even if it involves criticizing the decisions for making this case.Put it another way, Donald Trump could say these things in the courtroom. If he could say these things in the courtroom, how can a judge try to prevent him from saying them outside the courtroom?SMITH: Katie?CHERKASKY: I completely agree. I'm not really sure what the basis is for these gag orders. It's always unlawful for anybody to obstruct justice or tamper with witnesses.And, certainly, Donald Trump does have a First Amendment right to engage in campaign speech. And even in the D.C. court, when they upheld the gag order, they allowed for him to portray the prosecutions against him as political vendetta.So the line in the sand there does need to err on the side of Donald Trump and on his First Amendment rights. And I certainly don't think that these gag orders have been narrowly tailored enough to meet the standards set by the Supreme Court.SMITH: Just getting a little bit of an update on that story and on the criminal hush money DA Bragg case and some clarity on it.John, just a quick reaction from you on this. The Manhattan DA office has filed a memorandum in support of their March 28 letter seeking clarification on the gag order. They write about "the defendant's dangerous, violent and reprehensible rhetoric fundamentally threatening the integrity of the proceedings and is intended to intimidate witnesses and trial participants alike, including this court."Want to get your reaction to that, just in?YOO: The only ground that this court could have for restricting Donald Trump's speech is that it actually threatens -- that there's an imminent threat of obstruction of justice.Now, you can't just as a prosecutor throw that red flag out there. You have to have some proof. There has to be evidence, I think, that Donald Trump's statements actually are interfering with the ability of the court to carry out this trial. You can't just accept the prosecution's word for it. We have to see evidence. We have to see examples.And they have to be real. They can't just be crazy people writing things on the Internet.SMITH: All right, John and Katie, I appreciate you breaking us -- staying with us and on the breaking news to you, John, as well. Katie, thank you.All right. More coming up. The race for the White House heating, up as Donald Trump is reportedly whittling that V.P. list down. So who is in and who is out?Then, find out how Joe Biden is making a direct play for Nikki Haley backers. Will it work?Plus, meet the California business owner demanding answers from Democratic Governor Gavin Newsom as the state's $20 minimum fast-food wage kicks in.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. WES MOORE (D-MD): This is a huge economic impact, not just to Baltimore, not just to the state of Maryland, but the economic impact this is having on the American economy is staggering, when one of the busiest ports, one of the most effective ports in this country has essentially been shut down.We are going to rebuild the Francis Scott Key Bridge. This is incredibly important.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: Maryland Democratic Governor Wes Moore telling Neil over the weekend the state will rebuild the Francis Scott Key Bridge that collapsed after a container ship collided with it last week.Today, he said a temporary channel on the northeast side of the collapse is now open. The White House now saying President Joe Biden will plan to travel to Baltimore on Friday to assess the damage for himself. We will keep you updated as we learn more on that.And now to the race for the White House. Former President Donald Trump's search for his next running mate is starting to get serious, we are told. A top Trump adviser reportedly begins the process of narrowing down the list, with plans to draw this out "Apprentice"-style. OK, you have our attention.The Hill national politics reporters Julia Manchester joins us now.What do we think?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: Well, Sandra, this is no surprise to me, because we know that Donald Trump really likes the drama and he likes the suspense. He knows that his supporters like to watch that. So they will appreciate how this process is going to be drawn out.But, really, we have already seen the process playing out, I think, on cable news, in fact, watching a number of these potential contenders essentially audition really when they do interviews and speak out in public at Trump campaign events and such.So I think we're already seeing this in motion, and former President Trump is watching closely.SMITH: The short list for some time now has included Senator Scott -- Senator Scott of South Carolina, Vance of Ohio, Katie Britt of Alabama, Marco Rubio of Florida, Governors Noem of South Dakota, Sarah Huckabee Sanders of Arkansas, Doug Burgum of North Dakota, I mean, just to name a few.MANCHESTER: Yes. Yes, it's already a long list.And I think the question that the Trump campaign is going to have to answer and former President Trump is going to have to answer when he's making this decision is, what do these people bring to the ticket that really could make it more of a well-rounded ticket?So if we would go back to 2016, when former President Trump chose Indiana Governor, then-Indiana Governor Mike Pence, I think the logic around that was because Mike Pence had huge sway with the evangelical vote and he wanted to solidify that vote. This time around, talking to sources, they say, look, it has to be a woman or a person of color.So, Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, Elise Stefanik, Kristi Noem, Katie Britt, they say that that could help the Republican ticket starting with former President Trump at the top maybe make some headway with black voters or win that very key suburban swing voter, which oftentimes is a woman that ends up playing that deciding vote.So we will have to see what logic really plays out in terms of the Trump team, but they have a big list. And as we get closer to the convention, they're going to have to narrow it down.SMITH: Yes, the former president has reportedly said his top criterion is to pick someone who's going to be a good president in case of emergency and also someone who can help expand his appeal in November.Julia, while I have you, former President Donald Trump is planning to head out to both Wisconsin and Michigan, this as polling shows President Biden is closing the gap in those key battleground states. So what do you make of that?MANCHESTER: So, look, Sandra over the course of the next several months, as we had to the election, we are going to go through a polling roller coaster. It's going to get closer. Then maybe Trump will start leading and then maybe Trump will fall behind and Biden will start leading.But the fact that he's going to Michigan and Wisconsin is no surprise. We know that former President Biden has shown or -- President Biden -- excuse me -- has shown sign of weakness in those states, particularly in Michigan when we look at the uncommitted vote. We know that these are two states that President Trump flipped in 2016 and that he lost in 2020.So it's very important that he goes there. And, most importantly, they are part of the six major battleground states. So we're going to be in for a rocky ride when it comes to polling, but I think we're just going to see this becoming much more narrow.SMITH: OK.Julia, one other quick question for you. President Joe Biden's reelection campaign has just put out a new ad that makes a direct appeal to Nikki Haley supporters. So who has a better shot at getting her supporters, Julia, Trump or Biden?MANCHESTER: I was talking to a number of Republican sources about this today, and, essentially, what they were saying was, look, we don't know how this is going to pan out.They -- some Trump allies say, look, a number -- a large number of Nikki Haley supporters voted for Biden in 2020. So it's more on -- the onus is more on Biden to win those voters back. But others say, look, Trump is at risk of potentially losing these voters.And if these are Republicans who voted for Trump in 2016 or 2020 or both and then changed their minds this primary election, if they decide to vote for Biden, that would obviously be bad. But if they decided to stay home and not show up to the polls, that would be a loss for Trump as well.SMITH: All right, Julia Manchester from the Hill.Julia, thank you for joining us.MANCHESTER: Thank you.SMITH: All right, business owners nationwide watching as California's $20 minimum wage for fast-food joints kicks in. We have got an employer coming up, but first to William La Jeunesse on what we are finding out.Hi, William.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Sandra, this isn't just a small step on a wage ladder. This is a huge leap in employers' single largest expense, labor. So what's going to the impact on workers, consumers, and employers?That story coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: OK, so it's a story that we have been talking about for some time on this California minimum wage hike to $20 for fast-food workers.It has finally kicked in, that $20 minimum wage for fast-food workers, and it could have consumers having to shell out.FOX News' William La Jeunesse is on this for us live in Los Angeles.Wow, business owners, they're just trying to figure out what they need to know and if they're included in this, William.LA JEUNESSE: Well, that's true.But it's almost certain to raise prices for consumers, right? But to Governor Newsom and his union supporters, they say this is as much about money as it is justice for fast-food workers, raising their pay 20 percent beginning today from $16 to $20 an hour, necessary, they say, to compensate for the cost of living in California.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRID VILORIO, CALIFORNIA FAST-FOOD WORKER (through translator): Unfortunately, California is really expensive, so earning $20 in any job, fast-food or not, is really helpful.STATE. REP. ISAAC BRYAN (D-CA): We dehumanize fast-food workers. We act like their labor isn't worthy of respect, isn't worthy of recognition, and damn sure isn't worthy of being paid justly.(END VIDEO CLIP)LA JEUNESSE: But critics say the impact is going to go beyond the chain outlets to every restaurant and employer competing for low-skilled labor.The result, higher consumer prices and some workers will get cut.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW WIEDERHORN, CEO, FAT BRANDS: Because if you're an independent operator and the chain operators are paying $20 an hour, you're going to have to raise your wages as well or your employees are going to leave and go to the chains.ALEX JOHNSON, CALIFORNIA RESTAURANT OWNER: We're no longer hiring. We're not backfilling positions. We're not growing in the state anymore. We're not expanding more locations.(END VIDEO CLIP)LA JEUNESSE: So already two chains have cut 1,200 drivers and will soon rely, they say, on Uber and Lyft, which are not covered by the law.Governor Newsom justifies the increase this way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): We saw the abuse, we saw the inequities in terms of the wages and the treatment. And we realized we had a responsibility to do more and step up.(END VIDEO CLIP)LA JEUNESSE: So the raise applies to roughly about 550,000 workers, Sandra. Their annual wage, if they work a 40 hour week, will rise to about $41,000 a year.And your question implies it will apply to any outlet or brand that has 60 or more locations nationwide, which is basically every fast-food restaurant -- back to you.SMITH: And could be more.I mean, our next guest said that. She had a hard time figuring out if her business even fell under the law. And we will talk to her in a moment.William La Jeunesse, thank you.So we are going to get reaction from a business owner who says she has more questions than answers after meeting with the California governor's office. She will join us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: Our next guest has been raising questions over California's wage hike for six months now. She spoke with the governor's office, Governor Newsom, today to demand answers.Gabriela Campbell is a Handel's Ice Cream franchisee in California. She joins us now. And, by the way, I want to tell our viewers we did reach out to the governor's office. He is welcome to come on the show any time.Gabriela, you had a virtual meeting with his office today. What can you tell us came from that?GABRIELA CAMPBELL, CALIFORNIA BUSINESS OWNER: Hi, Sandra. Thank you for having me on.We met with an adviser to Governor Newsom today, and a little bit disappointing, I would have to say. Although we weren't told as a group of Handel's franchisees that we were included in the bill, we also were passed on again to other agencies, namely, the Department of Industrial Relations and the Fast Food Council, for answers to the question of whether or not we are part of this bill.SMITH: What does this fast-food wage hike mean for you and your business? How would it affect you?CAMPBELL: It would affect us and that we would have to raise our prices. We're considered a snack. And at $5.50 for an ice cream cone, you can't really go much higher.You might be able to get a kid's meal for $10. You can't do an ice cream cone at $10 -- at $8, $9, $10. It's not feasible, and we will get priced out. We will really have to start laying off some of our employees.And, as you can see the photos, they're high-school-aged kids. We have 25 employees.Three are full-time. The rest are full-time students, high school and college students.SMITH: And I know that you said that most of the time, some of the time at least, they're able to make more than $20 an hour on their own when you consider tips and other things. So what is your plan?CAMPBELL: Yes.SMITH: I mean, for this level of uncertainty, that is almost impossible for businesses to weather through. What's your plan?CAMPBELL: It is.We plan to continue to seek the answers that we're looking for. It's just so ambiguous the way the law was written, and collectively as the group of us plan to continue with the Fast Food Council, set up a meeting next week if we can.I have had a call in to the Department of Industrial Relations. I have had a phone call with the attorney with the labor commissioner's office. I have been pounding payment and beating down doors for 5.5 months. And we have a -- we have some recognition from the author of the bill's staff member that ice cream parlors were not the intent of the bill five months ago.We were told from different outlets that ice cream parlors were not the intent and that the bucks have been passed on from SEIU and Unite Here as cleanup on the bill...SMITH: Wow.CAMPBELL: ... to Fast Food Council, Department of Industrial Relations.SMITH: Yes.CAMPBELL: And I believe the latest was to access the frequently asked questions.SMITH: And I know you -- I know you have been spending six months fighting this and trying to figure out how you're affected. And that takes time away from you and your operation and improving operations for your customers.CAMPBELL: Yes.SMITH: We understand. And we will check back with you.We appreciate you joining us, Gabriela. Our best to you.You can catch me tomorrow, alongside John Roberts, 1:00 p.m. Eastern time on "America Reports."For now, here's "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.