SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, another big show coming up tonight. More fallout from the utter debacle that is known as MSDNC. NBC will never be the same again after the network, of course, allowed their far left-wing host to bring out their pitchforks and their torches against the only actual conservative hired there in number of years. NBC's reputation now in tatters and worse than ever.Also, tonight, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis is here. He just signed two new groundbreaking measures into law, including a bill that will ban young kids under 14 from using social media, and another that is protecting property owners from squatters. This now a much bigger problem than anybody knew.Now, Governor DeSantis has accomplished more in half a week than Joe Biden will get done the entire year. The Biden administration, it is clearly a dumpster fire. His campaign, not really much better.We are tonight only 222 days away from the election, that'll fly by. Democrats, they are in panic mode. Even Barack Obama is getting very anxious. A number of reports out there about this. And apparently, he's reportedly very afraid Joe Biden will in fact lose to Donald Trump, he is now making numerous phone calls to top White House aides and campaign advisors.Now, according to "The New York Times", Obama's also having regular conversations with Biden himself. Now, you have Obama and Bill Clinton, they are now set to headline a star studded fundraiser in New York I think at Radio City Music Hall. The president just wasn't enough of a draw for big donors apparently.Now, the Democrats they have a big problem come November and his name is Joe Biden. There's nothing that Barack Obama or Bill Clinton or frankly anybody else can do that will turn the mumbling, bumbling, stumbling incompetent 81-year-old career politician into a viable candidate. In fact, Biden's press secretary doesn't even want to answer even the obvious questions some would consider tough. I don't think it's that tough.The question that everybody has on their mind, the question that polls are showing that a vast majority of Americans agree with and that has to do with her boss's cognitive decline. Watch this.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)RADIO HOST: When I told a number of people that I was talking to you today, it was interesting though they all said, would you please just ask her, does the president have dementia? So before I move on from that, does he?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Mark, Mark, I can't even believe you're asking me this question. That is incredibly offensive question to ask.RADIO HOST: But you know people ask it.JEAN-PIERRE: Wait, no, no, no, no, no, you -- Mark, you, you, you, you took you're taking us down this rabbit hole. And so, I'm not even going to truly, truly really, you know, take the premise of your question. I think it is incredibly insulting and so we can you know we can move on to the next question.RADIO HOST: Gas prices and grocery prices then, big topics here in North Carolina. How does Mr. Biden win votes when people don't have as much disposable income?JEAN-PIERRE: Look, the president understands all the important groceries -- those costs have gone down because of what this president has been able to do, and with that, thank you so much, Mark. Have an amazing, amazing day.RADIO HOST: Wow, she hung up.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: Offensive, insulting, grocery prices are down.Karine Jean-Pierre, she needs to go shopping.The writing is on the wall, anxiety running high and while Democrats panic, the president does nothing. Today, no schedule events at all whatsoever.Now, President Trump meanwhile just accepted an invitation. He will attend the wake for NYPD Officer Jonathan Diller, remember, he was murdered by a 34-year-old career criminal with more than 20 prior arrests. How's that defund, dismantle, reimagine the police thing working? No bail laws working?Now, Biden probably isn't even aware of the violent crime now erupting in major cities. He certainly hasn't ever tried to address it. Now, tonight, he seems more worried about a political challenge from the left, that being RFK Jr., who is now peeling off a significant amount of support from Biden.And on Truth Social, President Trump wrote this, quote, RFK, Jr. is the most radical left candidate in the race, by far. He's a big fan of the green news scam and other economy killing disasters. I guess this would mean that he's going to take votes from crooked Joe Biden which would be a great service to America.Then he continued, quote, it is great for MAGA but the communists will make it very hard for him to even get on the ballot.Now, Kennedy is now fighting against a bureaucratic nightmare. Team Biden is going full force against him, but he's vowing to get on the ballot in all states. He's considering running as a libertarian now. If he does, polls show, clear wins for Donald Trump in the following states, Georgia, Nevada, Arizona, Michigan, North Carolina, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania.In other words, that would be an electoral blowout. But even without RFK Jr., Trump is consistently polling ahead of Biden and almost all of the key battleground states. Now, as it turns out, Americans seem to miss prosperity and peace and stability and safety and security.Now, they see what Biden is doing at the border. They know he has been spending recklessly. They see Biden inflation. It is starting to surge yet again.They reject the overbearing green New Deal regulations. You know, you've got to get an electric vehicle, they want to take away your stove, your refrigerator, your air conditioner, and they want you to -- they want to even take away your meat.The high taxes he's pushing for, the vilification of those that work hard, risk capital and definitely pay their fair share and then some.And they look at their phones and TV and they see a decrepit politician struggling to get up the stairs of Air Force One, the baby steps, and it's so obviously unable to perform the duties of his job there is nothing that Obama can do, Clinton can do to cover up that disaster. He might even say that's kind of like putting lipstick on a pig at this point.Here with reaction, former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy is with us.All right. You think -- you think Clinton and Obama, their big fundraiser and them going all into to bail out Joe, will that work?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I don't think it's likely to persuade voters but the reality is it does show, Sean, who is really pulling the strings in the Democratic Party. Joe Biden's cognitive deficits, they are not a bug, they're a feature for the managerial class underneath him, around him, that's really pulling the strings and advancing their puppet.And so, right now, I am really glad about how optimistic we can be with the poll numbers that we're seeing. But we cannot be complacent. We know the left, we understand how they behave, they behave like they're in a war. We need to understand and approach this election with the same mentality.So I like what we're seeing but we can't get complacent and keep in mind, it's not Joe Biden we need to worry about, it's the machine underneath him propping him up. That's really what we're up against and that's what I take away from the Obama and Clinton machine involvement.HANNITY: All right. Let let's talk about where we are and the RFK factor. Now, team Biden is very aggressively you know set up their own little war room to go to battle with RFK Jr., he's not conservative. I mean, I've interviewed him. He support every -- supported every left-wing radical Democratic candidate over the years. He wanted to be the Democratic nominee. They rejected him.He's a radical environmentalist, believes in the radical -- you know, new green deal and climate alarmism. His is policies are far left.Do you see -- do you see him getting on the ballot in all 50 states? Do you think the Libertarian Party will take him on?RAMASWAMY: Look, I think the beauty of our country is we have a free system where people are able to have ballot access if they actually meet certain criteria. So the Democratic Party now is going to probably try to do everything they can to keep this man off the ballot, just as they were trying to stifle him when he was running as a Democrat.But the thing that has become clear, Sean, is that he's free to have his own views on the climate change agenda, which I do think is a threat to the sovereignty of the United States, on abortion, on a range of other questions where he's anti-Second Amendment. He's a range of issues that are not aligned with the Republican Party that better align with Democrats.And so, if he does make it on the ballot, as if he does it by the rules, he deserves ballot access to do, it should take votes away from the Democrats and this should be a good development not only for President Trump but I believe for this country, because what we need this November is a decisive moral mandate, a landslide of Reagan 1980, 1984 proportions.And I think we have an opportunity to do it, and if RFK being in this race helps that, you know what? I think that could be a good thing for this country and I'm against any Democratic effort to try to remove him or keep him off the ballot as they will try to do.HANNITY: You're on the campaign trail for President Trump. Have you thought at all about maybe joining his administration should that happen?RAMASWAMY: Look, I'm laser-focused on winning the election this November, Sean. We got to keep in mind this is still the third fourth, fifth inning of the process. We can't take our eye off that ball. So my focus has been, how can we help attract the kind of voters that Republicans may not historically have connected with? Young voters across this country who are hungry for direction and purpose, that President Trump will be able to provide with national pride that Joe Biden isn't. You think about even the Asian-American community, Indian-Americans, many of whom went decisively for Joe Biden and yet their core values of meritocracy a free speech of the American dream aligned with the Republican Party of today and Donald Trump's vision for this country.And so, I see an opportunity to build a multiethnic working-class coalition that defies historical partisan boundaries we got to keep our eye on the ball and actually win in November. We can't take our eye off and figure out what comes after let's deliver victory and that's how we're going to save this country.HANNITY: Vivek, great to see you. Thank you for joining us.Now, the Biden campaign is now so desperate, some are floating a walk down memory lane to the dog days of COVID.Now, Biden himself has even recently invoked the pandemic and the president wants you to forget the mask mandates, the vaccine mandates, the lockdowns, the school closures, the mass hysteria. He certainly doesn't want you to remember that more people died in 2021 under his watch than died in the year that it started in January of 2020, as he lives in the past. After all, it was a better time for Joe Biden. It was the beginning of his presidency, and the last time his poll numbers were significantly underwater.Well, anyways, far-left policies had yet to wreak havoc on you, every American.And here with more, a governor who has kept South Dakota free. Kristi Noem is with us.By the way, congratulations, although you were number one, North Dakota beat you by one-tenth of a point when it comes to having the lowest unemployment in the country. I'm sure that kind of irritated you. That would irritate me.GOV. KRISTI NOEM (R), SOUTH DAKOTA: Just a little bit, just a little bit, yes, of course. We're always competitive with other states but you were -- you were talking about COVID, and I was just remembering back to those first days of COVID, and I thank God that President Trump was the president and was in the White House during that time because he actually let me as governor do my job.You know, he let me be governor, make decisions for our people that were the best for our state and our state is thriving today because of that. Everybody's working, they're earning a lot more income, women on businesses are doing better. We've got historic revenues and visitation people moving in we're growing and it's all because President Trump was in the White House. And we've only seen our country decline since Joe Biden has been the administration that I have to get up and fight every day.So if Biden wants to go back and visit COVID, boy, if I got some stories of what happened on day one when Joe Biden took over the White House, because our military declined, he attacked our people, he tried to mandate vaccines and masks and hurt our children and set them back. It was tragic, what his policies did to this country.HANNITY: With 222 days outside of election day, how do you assess the race right now?NOEM: Gosh, freedom is doing well. I think that -- it's resonating with people and they recognize that the only person that's going to keep them free is President Donald J. Trump. So that's what I think is amazing is that you see people rallying around a man that gets up every day and fights for America. What America meant back when our founders brought it forward and gave us our Constitution and he's the only one that stood there and defended our freedom of speech, our freedom of assembly, our freedom of religion. So that's what's great. We just got to keep talking to them.So I'm spending a lot of time in a lot of these states that you know need to make up their minds and that we have to win in order to win the presidency. And that's Michigan and Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Ohio. Spent a lot of time in Ohio helping in that Senate race there, that all affects who wins the White House, too.So there's a lot of work to do. I think that we're -- it's looking good but that means we double down and we press our foot on the gas.HANNITY: The Democrats seem focused on a very aggressive strategy now, probably out of panic more than anything else, and that's attack Trump, attack Trump. democracy in peril, January 6th, lying and demagoguing about abortion, trying to convince people that he's done a great job. I don't think -- I don't think that's going to resonate at all.And as I'm watching the campaign, then I think of two advantages they might have. Democrats are not resistant at all to voting early, voting by mail. They have pretty much mastered the laws where you are allowed to have legal ballot harvesting.Republicans -- and I know Laura Trump is working on this -- but 222 days, it's a heavy lift to match, hopefully surpass Democratic issues on that. Where do you stand on it? Should Republicans get over their reluctance and resistance to voting early and by mail? Do they have to do a better job with legal ballot harvesting and how do you accomplish that in that short period of time?NOEM: You work with the laws that you have in your state and you make sure that your secretary of state is following the laws and then you go hard and you make sure that we win overwhelmingly in these states. And that it isn't a slim margin that we win by that. We win big and we win big recognizing the difference in these candidates.What the Democrats playbook is, is they're going to take a gallon of gas and throw it on a candidate, throw it on Donald J. Trump and light it on fire and try to burn him and his family and everybody close to him to the ground and then manipulate and, you know, bend election laws in every single state, how they can.We have to be smarter, faster, work harder, and we're going to have to spend some resources to get it done. That's the problem that we face right now is that they're strategically going after Trump, so that he's spending his money on legal battles and they're putting money in Joe Biden's campaign account to come after our freedom.HANNITY: Yeah. All right. Governor, great to have you. Thank you for joining us.Now we turn to more horrific fallout from Biden's border crisis. According to a local report, an illegal immigrant in Alabama now allegedly been charged with raping a 14-year-old mentally incapacitated young girl. So far this year, dozens of Americans have been violently raped and murdered or assaulted by so-called asylum seekers. In other words, Joe Biden's 10- million-plus unvetted illegal immigrants from all over the world, and why? Because of his insane border policies, him aiding and abetting in the lawbreaking, he just doesn't seem to care.What is the impact on the race for 2024?Joining us now, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, Victor Davis Hanson, along with the host of "Outkick's" "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", Tomi Lahren.What impact, Victor Davis Hanson, do you see here on -- you know, the people in this country? They're watching it like we watch it. Now, Joe is - - they're floating the idea of maybe people that have been here 10 years, they get a green card and a path to citizenship. Thoughts?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW AT THE HOOVER INSTITUTION: Yeah. Well, I think the present policy is unsustainable and they may high-five that they got million people in, they feel that that was valuable for constituency, but it's blowing up in their face.Sean, if you saw that "60 Minute" interview with Obrador, president of Mexico, when he just flat out said that we owe him $20 billion, we've got to stop the embargo of Venezuela, restore relations with Cuba and give amnesties to every Mexican national here, you can see where he's coming from. And he said he has absolute contempt for -- for us, and all we'd have to do, any normal president would slap a 10 percent tax on the 60 billion of remittances that go to Mexico, they declare the cartels a foreign terrorist organization, finish the wall, and maybe help out with the military on the border and he wouldn't talk like that.He -- he'd have more respect and they would be much nicer to us, the Mexican government, because they would have some deference to us. But now, they're ridiculing us and they think it's a joke and you see all these people coming out of the woodwork that think the border is over for good and they can come and go as they please, and they're essentially right at least for the next nine or 10 months.HANNITY: Can you believe, Tomi Lahren, I agree with Victor Davis Hanson in his analysis that we're now going to get lectured on the -- on giving billions of dollars to foreign countries. He's demanding citizenship of Mexican nationals. Is ending embargo on Cuba and Venezuela, the sanctions on Venezuela, really? We're going to get lectured by Mexico and Joe does nothing?TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. You know, back during the Trump administration, it was the other way around. Donald Trump said, if Mexico doesn't play ball, then they will have a tariff slapped on them. And then lo and behold, Mexican military decided they were going to cooperate with United States border patrol and law enforcement and they had to do their part.Also, remain in Mexico, Mexico had a much more incentive to control their own border because they didn't want people remaining in Mexico and that they couldn't send on through to the United States under Donald Trump. But once again, we're leading from behind and Joe Biden, he might be cognitively slowing down, but he's not stupid and neither are Democrats.They are willing to risk American sovereignty and American safety with Biden's border bloodbath, and again, they like to use that word bloodbath and it's true when it comes to what Biden's allowing into our country, it is going to be an even worse of a bloodbath because we've got 10 million plus people, also hundreds of thousands of gotaways that we don't know where they're from, what they're doing here, and they're now residing in our country because Joe Biden and Democrats want congressional seats. They want these people to be included in the census and they want them to be future voters.They are willing to risk and sacrifice American lives and the American economy in order to get votes and more congressional seats.And that tells you everything you need to know about the Democrat Party. They play the long game. They're okay with this being unpopular right now because they see the future and they see this as locking in their voting block for generations to come. They might be sinister, but they're not stupid.HANNITY: All right. Hope America's paying attention.Tomi Lahren, thank you. Victor Davis Hanson, thank you.Now, coming up, earlier today, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis signed legislation that he says ends, quote, squatters and the squatter scam and protects property owners. Gee, what a shock? How sad is it that he even has to bring up a bill like that. He will explain that and much more, straight ahead as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: All right. So the issue of squatting now has been on the rise all across the country. That's where people take over vacant homes, they -- or they rent a property and never leave. Can you imagine? You own a property, you can't get rid of somebody that's in your house? Often times, it could take the property owners months or even years to get the squatters thrown out.Well, now, the state of Florida is taking action. Governor Ron DeSantis just signed legislation that gives police the right to remove squatters as soon as they are found and makes it a felony to do more than $1,000 worth of damage to a home while squatting. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R), FLORIDA: Well, today, in the state of Florida, we say very simply, what -- what passes muster in New York and California is not passing muster here. You are not going to be able to commandeer somebody's private property and expect to get away with it. We are in the state of Florida ending the squatter scam once and for all.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And it is a scam. I know somebody in New York, four and a half years, a squatter stayed in somebody else's house.Now, the governor of Florida also recently signed a bill banning any children in the state under the age of 14 from having a social media account after years of research has now revealed the serious dangers that these online platforms are posing to our kids.Anyway, joining us now, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis.Governor, great to have you.You know, I doubt when you got into politics that you ever imagined a day where we'd be hearing story after story after story of, you know, people just commandeering other people's homes and then the courts protecting them. I know a case in New York, it went on and a half years before they were finally legally allowed to take back their home.Is this -- is this America? This doesn't sound like the America I know.DESANTIS: Well, it's ridiculous.HANNITY: What?DESANTIS: No, Sean. And I mean, you know, you think about things like -- you know, this idea of squatting when Americans were settling like the old west, you'd go, you didn't know who owned it, there weren't records. So if people started a community there, then someone came six or seven years later and claimed it was theirs, well, that was different, it's an adverse possession.It was never intended that you could just go into some subdivision and break into a house and start living there and then all of a sudden have all these rights vested.In New York, there was a case and it was reported where the homeowner went when someone had taken over her house and the police did not evict the squatters, the police ended up arresting the homeowner. What kind of a country is that? And so, like on so many issues, what New York does, what California does, Florida will do the opposite. And so, the squatter scam ends today with our legislation.And it's important because, Sean, you know now being a Florida resident, we've got people that will be here for seven months of the year and then they'll go to Michigan or New York or even Canada. So what? You come back after the summer and someone's in your house and then they just get to stay there for six months?Now in Florida, you call up, you fill out a form, sheriff comes and the sheriff kicks them out of your property.HANNITY: Yeah. And, by the way, and I've owned property in Florida for over 20 years. Now, I am a domiciled resident -- permanent resident of Florida, have my Florida licensed approve it if you want to see it, and every other legal thing that I had to do.But it's even worse than that. People can start out -- maybe they'll pay the first month's rent, then they'll never pay again. And if you try to kick them out, you're right, the home that you were describing was a -- that was over a million dollars, that property, and they arrested the homeowner.And I'm -- I'm thinking to myself, what country is this that they arrest the homeowner and the squatter gets to stay in that person's house, you can't make that up.DESANTIS: Well, and it's like the private property rights. That's the bedrock of a free society and a constitutional republic. And what I think the left is doing, what some of these activists are doing, heck, even the illegal aliens are going on social media and talking about squatting and urging other foreign nationals to come to this country illegally and commander property.You know, if we don't have private property rights, we will not have a free society. So it is the bedrock. Florida stands by that. We're proud to do it and, you know, Sean, it's like yet another reason why people are going to choose to flee from the New York and the California and end up coming down here to the Sunshine State.HANNITY: Let -- let me tell you. You have baby boomers that have yet to retire, people that have just gotten fed up with the crime, the high taxes, the way of life. They're going to be leaving in droves for the next two decades. I don't think this migration is ending anytime soon.Let me ask you about social media and kids and 14-year-olds and -- there is a lot of danger there are predators out there that are targeting our children online. You're very successful with this legislation. I think it's been misconstrued by some in the media, not a big shock to you, but your reaction?DESANTIS: Yeah. So, basically, look, I'm a dad, Sean. I've got a first grader, kindergartener, a preschooler, so my wife and I are thinking as they get older, you know, what is this landscape going to even look like. And the reality is it's hard for parents to keep up with everything that's out there.And so, what our legislation says is for 14 and 15 year olds, social media companies cannot issue them their own social media account unless the parent consents. So then this way the parent can kind of know the dangers and then make that decision. Thirteen and under, social media companies cannot issue an account.And here's the thing, under 13 is already prohibited under federal law, it's just not enforced. So you do have 8-year-olds and 10-year-olds who have these. What we've said is we're not really regulating the use -- I mean, if a 12-year-old has something, it's not really about that it's about holding the social media companies accountable. If a parent wants to have a social media account and let their 11-year-old use it, they are free to do it under there.So I think it strikes the right balance to try to help parents navigate this really perilous landscape and you're right, the predators you used to have to worry about the predator if you know the kids out in the neighborhood and someone would come by in like a van. Now, the predator can come right into your house, the kid can be there, your kid can be -- you know, just safe as can be and then through that Internet and through those social media apps.So I think we struck a good balance here. And here's the thing, Sean, we're not talking about the content. We're talking about apps and social media networks that have addictive qualities. So if they don't have the addictive qualities, then the bill doesn't even apply in that situation.HANNITY: You know, I know a group of parents that actually have all come to an agreement, no cell phones for their kids until 8th grade. I actually thought it was a great decision, and many of the parents what they have decided to do, I haven't had a landline in years, I don't know about you, Governor, but I don't even know what one looks like anymore.And they just decided if they do -- if they allow any phone use, it's going to be a landline in their house that they can hear the conversation now. Thought pretty creative idea. Your thoughts?DESANTIS: So, it's interesting, Sean. So last year, we did a bill that I signed that said school districts could say no cell phones during class time. There was a huge uproar about that. People were saying that somehow this was, you know, too restrictive and yet what's happened this school year, the kids are learning better, everyone's happier because the attention is on what's happening in the classroom.I'd also say just as a parent, my wife and I have talked about this, our kids are too young to have any phones. We've decided that when they do get a phone, probably not going to be a smartphone. It's going to be one of those old flip phones that we used to have where they can make a call if they need anything from us, but we don't have to worry about all the hundreds of different apps.And here's the thing, Sean, too, apart from all the really significant harms with the predators, it's not healthy to have kids buried in their phones eight hours a day.HANNITY: Thanks for being with us, Governor Ron DeSantis.All right. Coming up, NBC News, Ronna McDaniel problem got a whole lot bigger. We're going to tell you why right after this, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Well, NBC, no conservative views allowed news executives actually caved to the liberal lunacy of their MSDNC hosts and, of course, the temper tantrums over Ronald McDaniel's hiring -- well, it has resulted, she's now been forced out, leaving the network, of course, in shambles and according to one report, forcing NBC reporters who largely did not participate in the meltdowns to pick up the pieces with their Republican sources.Some said we'd love to interview Republicans like Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger. Really?Anyway, here with reaction, Democratic pollster Mark Penn and FOX News contributor Joe Concha is with us.Joe, I think this goes very, very deep now into something I said back in 2007, right on this network, right on this show. Journalism in America is dead.They're not journalists, they're talk show host, but now it's -- are you or have you ever been a Republican or a Donald Trump supporter? If so, they don't want to hear from you.Reaction?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: And this will damage the NBC News brand which was already damaged but maybe irreparably. And when you think about it, Sean, because NBC now is a officially the home to only far-left Democrats only. All these on-air self-proclaimed journalists now come across as sane as Keith Olbermann, and it's all their own doing. I mean from its president, Cesar Conde, who sent in a memo to staff and announcing McDaniel's firing that the newsroom needed to be, quote, cohesive and aligned. In other words, either you conform or you get eliminated.Kristen Welker also to blame. Remember, she moderated a 2020 presidential debate and she fired the first rhetorical shot here at management on "Meet the Press" saying, hey, I had nothing to do with this hiring. You don't do that publicly. You take that conversation behind closed doors.Chuck Todd, same thing, the poster boy for insubordination who called out his boss is also on the air to apologize while appearing on his former show "Meet the Press". I mean, talk about the hubris of the oblivious.And then the avalanche and NBC, MSNBC followed from there led by top conspiracy theorist Rachel Maddow who pushed Trump-Russia collusion for years, dismissed the Hunter Biden laptop, declared on her show that if you're vaccinated, you can't transmit COVID, I could go on and on but we only got finite time here.So, look, Rachel even said on her show this week when talking about Rachel -- Ronna McDaniel that she's, quote, part of an ongoing project to get rid of our system of government. This is Mitt Romney's niece we're talking about that most Trump supporters aren't exactly crazy about.So, at this point, Sean, this is where we are at as far as this network is concerned. They just declared that diversity of thought is dead at 30 Rock. So I guess good luck with that because now you're only going to be a show that conforms to maybe 30 percent of the country.HANNITY: You know, there was a day and a time, Mark, and I know this won't surprise you, I knew Peter Jennings come on my radio, my TV show, Tom Brokaw, same thing, Tim Russert, same thing.I'd get calls, Mark, from Tim Russert, just random calls. What do you -- what a conservative was thinking about this? Just asking out of curiosity. I -- he moderated a debate with me and Carville once before he sadly passed away.These were great icons of news. They might have slanted left but they had curiosity, they were willing to here the other side. What do you make of this?MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look, I'm really concerned about what's going on with free speech, viewpoint discrimination, all of these issues. Look, I think Joe Concha is right. NBC now really shot themselves in the head or the foot or what have you because a lot of Democrats --HANNITY: I think the head.PENN: -- a lot of Republicans probably did not watch MSNBC, but they did watch NBC and for them to basically throw down against someone who is head of the RNC is incredible. It does say that these people are living in a cocoon.It does say, look, you had Governor Newsom on in a debate. It says they are not even willing to have a debate on air. That is -- that it is on debatable that they are right.And, look, that's not journalism but it's not even opinion. It's not even the kind of conflict and clash of ideas that are central to American democracy. It needs to be restored. This is really a very shameful episode.HANNITY: I would just say to these ivory tower elitists, get ready, buckle up, "Politico" says lawsuit likely headed your way.All right. Joe, thank you. Mark, thank you.When we come back, a left is trying to run away from Bidenomics. I thought they were bragging about it. But guess what? The American people are suffering enough, they are not being fooled.Larry Kudlow, Brian Brenberg are next. And, later, a disturbing new trend appears to be on the rise in New York. We've got the video of women randomly punched in the face in New York City. Wait until you hear this story. It's coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So, yesterday, Joe Biden mumbled the word Bidenomics for the first time since January. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Leading economists aren't making much fun of Bidenomics anymore, they're thinking maybe it works to build from the middle out and the bottom up. The wealthy can still be very wealthy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: No, Joe, things are getting worse. Nobody thinks Bidenomics is working. In fact, somebody at the White House may want to look at this chart from "Axios". Democrats are using the term less and less and less because it hasn't worked and it's not meeting the reality of most people's lives. Why? Biden's economy is faltering.And according to a new FOX News poll, over 50 percent of the American people, that means you, say they are worse off financially than they were four years ago under Donald Trump.Another sign the economy is a mess, Trader Joe's now has increased the price of bananas at their stores, get this, for the first time in more than two decades.Now, meanwhile, out in California, Gavin Newsome, he's working hard pretty much to destroy California's economy and he's facing a massive multi- billion dollar, close to what $70 billion budget deficit but a lot of this is because of a new $20 minimum wage law and you have popular food chains like my favorite out there In-N-Out Burger, all across the state, they have to lay off employees because they can't afford to pay them.California is also leading the fight against gas-powered cars being now the first state pledging to fully ban the sale of all gas-powered cars by 2035. You know, seven other states are joining as well. Limitations by the way coming as soon as 2026.Here with reaction, host of "Kudlow" on FOX Business, Larry Kudlow, along with the co-host of "The Big Money Show" also on FOX Business, Brian Brenberg.Larry Kudlow, okay, I'm -- I'm looking at this. They can say all they want -- Americans are doing fine. That is not the reality that most Americans are living.Then you add to this mandates, they want to shove an EV into your driveway, whether you like it or not. They want to take away your gas stove, whether you like it or not. They don't like your refrigerator, they don't like your air conditioner, and they don't like the fact that you eat meat.Now, if that's the party they want to be? Fine. I want to be part of a party that believes in liberty, freedom and choices. That's right, choices, freedom, words that Democrats use but don't really mean.LARRY KUDLOW, FBN HOST: Well, Sean, thanks for having me back. I agree with you. Look, years ago as a young man, I worked for Ronald Reagan and people started talking about something called Reaganomics. And it was a term of attack and ridicule and then, all of a sudden, when his tax cuts and deregulation came into play and the economy exploded, growing at 10 to 12 percent the first couple years after the Carter recession. Anyway, Reaganomics became a term of endearment and a term of respect and a rallying cry.The trouble with Mr. Biden is, Bidenomics not only polls very poorly, but as you suggested in some of these things, it's you can't afford the Biden economy.Prices are raising faster than wages. Mortgage payments are a problem. Credit card payments are a problem, automobile payments are a problem. All these things should be built into the consumer price index. Inflation remains a very difficult and sticky problem.So Bidenomics is not popular because ordinary working folks are not doing well and they prefer to go back to the Trump policies of drill, baby, drill, tax cuts and deregulation.HANNITY: Yeah. Well said.And, Brian, I ask you - you know, you look at the Carter years, double digit inflation, 21-1/2 percent interest rates. Reagan comes in, cut taxes dramatically from 70 to 28 percent, became the longest period of peacetime, economic growth in history up to that time. The same policies implemented under Donald Trump. They worked, again, these policies. Conservative principles work when they're put into action. You know, 21 million new jobs under Reagan and if you look at the unemployment rate for every demographic, African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian-Americans, women in the workplace, African-American youth unemployment, they were sinking to record lows after record low under Donald Trump's policies pre-pandemic.Those policies were working.BRIAN BRENBERG, FOX NEWS MEDIA CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah.HANNITY: And will work again.BRENBERG: When the policies deliver, the brand works. If the brand doesn't represent anything that works for people, then you got to abandon the brand. But the problem with Biden is yes, he stepped away from Bidenomics, but he hasn't stepped away from the substance of Bidenomics. Look at him out there now, he may not be saying the word but he's still talking about forgiving student loans and subsidizing your mortgage and regulating businesses and making it nearly impossible eventually to buy a gas-powered car.So, you know, he can abandon Bidenomics, but if he sticks with the substance of it, then the reality Americans are experiencing isn't going to change. So don't be satisfied that he doesn't say the word, force him to change what the word means and then life might get a little bit better.KUDLOW: Listen, Sean, you know, I got to tell you an anecdote. This is one of the problems with Bidenomics. Rich Lowry came on the show. You know Rich from "National Review".And he tells the story, he went out a couple weeks ago. He went to McDonald's, okay, and he had two fries in a shake and it cost, are you ready for this, two fries and a shake, $17. Now, that's worse than raising the banana price by 4 cents. That's 17 bucks for two fries and a shake. That is the problem with Bidenomics in a nutshell.HANNITY: You know, maybe they need to get out and talk to the 60 percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. Maybe they should talk to people that are not making ends meet and putting bare necessities on credit cards with high interest.KUDLOW: They should talk to me and Brian.(LAUGHTER)HANNITY: All right. Guys, good to see you both.When we come back, disturbing new reports, people randomly being punched right in the face, right on the street New York City. You can't make it up, sad but true. We'll show you the video, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. A very troubling new string of violence in New York City as multiple women now on TikTok claim they were randomly just punched in the face by strangers. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You guys, I was literally just walking and a man came up and punched me in the face. Oh my God, it hurts so bad. I can't even talk. Literally, I fell to the ground. And now this giant goosegas (ph) is forming and I'm like -- oh, my God, looks so crazy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Even reality star Bethenny Frankel said that she was randomly punched on a New York City street earlier this year. Now, luckily, one of the suspects in these cases has been arrested and charge with assault but no bail laws in New York, and a very liberal court system.All right. That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Thank you for making this show possible. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your head -- on your face. Have a great night.