MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS HOST: You're humiliating yourselves.I'll see you next time, tomorrow night on "Life, Liberty & Levin."BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: It must be Saturday because we're on and so is ONE NATION ready to go. I'm Brian Kilmeade.Tonight on the show, we've got some great guests. Among them, Dan Patrick, lieutenant governor of Texas, Michele Tafoya weighs in on some huge news in sports, and Abigail Shrier, why your kid in therapy could be the big problem, all of that on deck.But first, I want to talk about the comeback and we've seen a lot in politics throughout American History. First and foremost, perhaps maybe the greatest, Harry Truman, down in the polls, trying to fill FDR shoes and navigate the aftermath of a World War, thought to have little chance of winning the election in 1948. Stuns.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: President Harry S. Truman becomes president. He takes office in a crisis of history, when World War must be followed by an organization for world peace.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: And he went on his Whistlestop Tour and he ended up winning an election stunning everybody.And you may have forgotten about Richard Nixon, who rose from the political graveyard. The year 1962, after losing the governor's race to Pat Brown in California, bitterly proclaimed, "I am done with politics."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RICHARD NIXON, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: As I leave you, I want you to know, just think how much you're going to be missing. You don't have Nixon to kick around anymore.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes, well, he came back and he won the White House in '68 and '72.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIXON: This will be an open administration, open to new ideas, open to men and women of both parties.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Wow. We know how that ended. But man, he was a great story for a while.There is no denying though, they were great comebacks. They were unexpected. But we might just be witnessing the greatest of all, yes, it's the same man that pulled off the biggest upset in political history back in 2016. Donald J. Trump.Look, I know there's a lot of runway left, eight full months to go into the election, but here on ONE NATION, we are able to take a step back and take a deep breath and give credit where credit is due from what we've seen so far.It's easy to get caught up in the commotion, the chaos, the court cases, but think about the way Trump left the White House in 2020, impeached. Back in 2022 after the midterm elections, many of his candidates you may remember flamed out, it seemed like the former president was damaged goods.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Seeing race after race House and Senate votes, candidate after candidate associated with Donald Trump did either worse than expected or lost.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: But despite the midterm neutralized red wave, he announced he was running again and he has not looked back since. It is easy to get caught up in the sheer velocity of negative news stories, especially the court cases that never seem to end.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: It was a tense day in court for former President Donald Trump, who took the stand in a $250 million civil trial that threatens his business empire in New York.REPORTER: It's hard to keep all of these straight but as the civil and criminal trials churn forward, Donald Trump's prosecutor in Georgia found herself on the witness stand.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes, but somehow, against all the odds, here we are.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Donald Trump taking another victory lap. The former president celebrating his second win in just over a week.REPORTER: It's looking like we'll see another Trump Biden rematch in November as voters here in South Carolina deliver another setback to Nikki Haley.REPORTER: Former President Trump moved one step closer to clinching the Republican nomination.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: And straight ahead of Super Tuesday, I know I sound like a sports announcer talking about a team or a play or the run of a lifetime like Michael Jordan coming back to win three championships in a row after leaving the game of basketball altogether.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNOUNCER: Have won their sixth NBA championship and it's their second threepeat.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: But it's time someone acknowledges this comeback because you cannot deny what is happening before our eyes, and part of the reason the comeback is happening is because the things Trump stands for are exactly what the things Americans can no longer stand to witness, like a wide open border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Walls work. Walls in wheels I always said, it is one thing that never gets obsolete, a wall and a wheel. Everything else is obsolete about two weeks after you come up with it.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes, criminals running rampant across our cities, some of which came here through the broken border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: The 22-year-old nursing student was found dead near Lake Herrick at the University of Georgia. Friday, police arrested 26-year-old Jose Antonio Ibarra from Venezuela for Riley's murder.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: And now, I think everybody -- Democrats, Independents, and Republicans all want that border back. This all making our stance on the world stage look even weaker than ever before.Think about what's happening overseas. My sports announcer self would say, there is a lot of game left to play here, and there is, and a lot of unexpected things around the corner, I get it. And like I said, it's easy to get caught up in the daily drama, the trials, the flamboyant personality. But the truth is, we are witnessing a man even through immense adversity, well on his way to locking up the GOP nomination, and leading President Biden in almost every single battleground state.What we are witnessing is unprecedented. It is historic. In many ways, he has already pulled off a hell of a comeback. So buckle up, let's see if he can finish the job.Joining us now to offer some analysis, one of the best guys in the business, Fox News contributor, "Washington Post" columnist, Marc Thiessen.Marc, as I went through all this, if I talk to you in 2022, and said we'd be here in 2024, what would you have said to me?MARC THIESSEN, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CONTRIBUTOR: I would have been surprised. I think it is a great comeback. And look, you're a published historian. So I hesitate to even try and one up you here.But it would be the greatest comeback since 1892, when Grover Cleveland who had lost the White House four years earlier came back and defeated Benjamin Harrison, the man who had beaten him and took back the White House. It is the only time in US history that has happened. This would be, so if Donald Trump pulls this off, it would be the first time in US history that that's happened.KILMEADE: What laid the groundwork for this to take place? Certain things had to happen and one of which, the issues that really defined him became things that America wanted.They are able to compare the four years that were to the three years that are and many people are saying I like it the way it was.THIESSEN: Yes, I think it's less about what Trump has done and what Biden has done. I mean, Biden has unleashed -- is the most disastrous president and in our lifetimes. I mean, think about this, Brian. The Democrats saw that in 2016, Donald Trump road the issue of illegal immigration to the White House. And so knowing that, why on earth would they come back into the White House, defeat him in 2020, come back to the White House and unleash the worst border crisis in American history and then expect that that's not going to pave the way for Donald Trump to make it -- to ride that issue again.You know, it's like Groundhog Day, you know, except with politics involved. And look, he is succeeding right now because Joe Biden is such a disaster. Joe Biden is the single most unpopular president in the history of presidential poll and going back to all the way back to Harry Truman. He is underwater by double digits on every single issue in the polls.Eighty-six percent of Americans say that he is too old for a second term, 82 percent say they want another president. But we've got a caveat here, which is a lot of Republicans look at them and say it's over. You know, Donald Trump -- there is no way Donald Trump can lose. There is no way Joe Biden can win. Yes, he can. And if you don't believe me, I've got two words for you Senator Fetterman.The voters have shown us that they will elect a Democrat who just had a stroke, if they don't like the alternative, and Donald Trump in the polls is almost as unpopular as Joe Biden, seven in 10 Americans don't want either of them. So he's got to do a -- you know, Joe Biden has opened the door for him. He's got to walk through it.KILMEADE: 1.A is the border 1.B is foreign policy. And you see that one person is moving the embassy to Jerusalem. One person is working on the Abraham Accords. And now we have a massive war in the Middle East. The Houthi rebels taking over the Red Sea. Nobody is talking about Abraham Accords and a war in Eastern Europe.If you just look about what caused it and what we're experiencing, that's causing I think, a lot of undecided Independents to say, I'm going to maybe put this out on a different horse.THIESSEN: No, look, if Joe Biden loses the election in November, it'll be because of Afghanistan. And not that -- I don't mean that it will be because voters go into the voting booth thinking about Afghanistan, but that was the tipping point.Before the Afghan withdrawal --KILMEADE: I hear you.THIESSEN: Joe Biden had more than 50 percent support, everybody thought that he was doing -- you know, the majority of Americans thought he was doing a decent job. They were giving him the benefit of doubt. As soon as that Afghan withdrawal came out and then he lied about it and said that no one had advised him not to leave troops behind and all the rest of it, his approval rating fell below 50 percent for the first time and it never recovered.The Americans suddenly decided that he was dishonest, the polls showed. They showed that he was incompetent. And now, they show that he is too old for the presidency. That was the tipping point, that disaster and that disaster unleashed all of the other disasters.Putin would have never invaded Ukraine if it hadn't been for Afghanistan. Hamas would have never had done what they did if it wasn't for that. So our enemies have been emboldened by his weakness and the American voters are emboldened to say we need a new president.KILMEADE: Right. And the other thing I would say, too, Biden may be weak, but I don't look at the Republican field as weak. I know Nikki Haley, I think she is a great candidate. I thought Governor DeSantis had the best record as a governor that I can remember. I mean I thought that was a solid field. No one could ever could question Chris Christie's competence. So that was not a haphazard feel that he just trounced. Would you agree to that?THIESSEN: I would agree. I mean, one of the great things this showed is that we've got a great bench on the Republican Party for the period after Donald Trump. But I think what happened was and the other reason why the Democrats are the authors of their own disaster here, political disaster here is it was the effort to go after Donald Trump by weaponizing the judicial system, and by weaponizing the Constitution with the 14th Amendment of the Constitution and all the rest of it.I mean, Donald Trump is facing 91 indictments. Charles Manson only had 10 indictments, okay. I mean, 91 indictments at the federal, state, and local level.KILMEADE: Crazy, insane.THIESSEN: And so what happened was Americans rallied around him and then the Republican Party rallied around him and that meant that a lot of good candidates didn't have a chance.KILMEADE: By the way, I've gotten reports that you had a tie on, saw me and took it off. Marc Thiessen, I appreciate you.THIESSEN: I just want to be you, Brian. I just want to be you.KILMEADE: Join the club, it's a huge one.THIESSEN: I just say, what you do, I do. I follow you around and wear the same shoes, wear the same shirts. I just want to be Brian Kilmeade when I grow up.THIESSEN: I just want to be invited to a think tank like Marc Thiessen is all the time. No one invites me.Marc, thanks so much.THIESSEN: Well, you're going to come on our podcast, right?KILMEADE: I keep hearing. I don't see the invitation. Thanks so much. Marc Thiessen. Have a great weekend.Meanwhile, there was a Texas showdown at the border. We've been discussing it, President Biden and Donald Trump visiting two different cities, 300 miles apart. It was Trump's 10th visit to the border, and Biden's second in decades, both offering their own idea and a solution to the escalating crisis impacting every corner of our country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: A bipartisan border security deal is a win for the American people. That's a win for the people of Texas and it's fair for those who legitimately have a right to come here.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's a military operation. This is like a war. We had remain-in-Mexico, remember that? Asylum bans, Title 42, and rapid removals.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Joining us right now is Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, a great friend of the show and the network, who is doing a great job and also is in our business of broadcasting.Great to see you, Lieutenant Governor, your take on what the takeaway was on Thursday.LT. GOV. DAN PATRICK (R-TX): And by the way, Brian, to your last segment, the reason Donald Trump will win is because he is the greatest fighter we've ever had in the history of politics. I endorsed him a year ago. So a lot of us knew this comeback was coming.He is going to win because he's an authentic human being that relates to people on a personal level that quite frankly, DeSantis and Nikki didn't do and they're great people, but they didn't do. That's why people love Donald Trump.On the border issue, it was an embarrassment, but a continuing embarrassment to listen to what Joe Biden had to say. The fact that he is still pushing this border deal, you know, this bipartisan border deal. Look, there were four or five idiot Republicans in the Texas Senate and the Democrats. It wasn't a bipartisan bill. This was a stupid bill to begin with. The American people know it.And the Republicans rightfully killed it. They should have never brought it to the floor. It would have allowed two million people to still come in the border.And the and the strangest thing about that bill, I mean, get this, Brian, Joe Biden says, well, once they hit 5,000, we'll close the border. Well, what does that mean? They can close the border. That means they can close it after one comes over the border.So that was a terrible bill that we are going to hang it around his neck through this entire election. He's not going to be able to say it was a good bill, and Donald Trump will be the next president because of border security.You know, George Floyd, that murder was a game changer in politics, in our country. Laken Riley's murder at the hands of an illegal immigrant is a game changer. People will never forget that.KILMEADE: And there's one former president that called the family and the current president didn't.PATRICK: Right.KILMEADE: Nor did I see that he is actually mentioned again, and talking to tie it to illegal immigration. He didn't tie the crime element to it. But talk about encouraging things coming out of Washington, Republicans say if you pass HR 2, like we did at the House, Senate, if you took that up, we would have supported it.Senator John Fetterman continues to be the most surprising lawmaker on Capitol Hill. This is what he said about HR 2 and how he wants to negotiate something. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): I think, at least I as a Democrat, you know, am willing and eager to go stronger than the border deal. It might be actually appropriate given the circumstance here at the border.I analyzed it closely and the one thing that I cannot support is that it effectively ends DACA at all, but anything other than that, all can be on the table for me.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: And he wants to see the military aid to Ukraine and Israel, but he looked at HR 2 and says I can work with that. Would politics in election year stop HR 2 if it passed in the Senate? Would you be encouraged if HR 2 passed in the Senate? Would you support that? And are you saluting Fetterman for saying what he said?PATRICK: Well, I stick to state politics, Brian, and I'll let Congress do what they do, because we actually get things done in the Texas Senate. We are the greatest legislative body on the planet, when we pass Senate Bill 4 at the end of session. And that bill, a local judge just overturned it, but we'll win at the Fifth Circuit and we'll go to the Supreme Court.Senate Bill 4 would give us the right, Brian, to defend our own border, to arrest people crossing the border, to send them back across the border. You know, Arizona tried it. They had a weak bill. I wrote this bill with Governor Abbott. This is a strong bill.And Brian, the first thing that we'll do if the Supreme Court upholds Senate Bill 4 is that we'll begin hiring Border Patrol. We'll hang out the shingle, we'll hire them all. We have the money in Texas to do so. And the federal government won't have a Border Patrol left and we'll take care of the border just like we took care of Shelby State Park.I was down there several weeks ago when they came to cut the wire. We said okay, you cut it, we'll patch it up. But we reduced, Brian, think about this from three to four thousand people a day crossing to less than a dozen. We know how to do it. That's what we'll do.KILMEADE: You do. And lastly, the president talked about a shortlist for vice president and surprised many when he said Governor Abbott is on his shortlist to be vice president. Your thoughts about a guy you work with on a daily basis about being number two. Would that work?PATRICK: I thought the two of them together on the border yesterday and I've run the President's campaign now for nine years in Texas, it is my third time and I've served nine years with Governor Abbott.I thought the two of them looked so presidential and so confident and clear on the border. Look, it's the number one issue and look, Texas is leading. The buses we've sent around was a brilliant plan. The buoys in the water, the concertina wire.Governor Abbott and myself know more about border security than any elected official in the country. So on the number one issue, Governor Abbott knows the issue. Number two, he can raise a hundred million dollars or more in the state of Texas, more money than anyone else on the ticket can raise and number three, Governor Abbott's wife is Hispanic and she loves to campaign.So I don't know what he's going to decide. But we would be proud to have Governor Abbott as our vice president, if he's the choice.KILMEADE: So you think it's a couple that could work. Dan Patrick has seen it all and knows the former president quite well. Thanks for your work, Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick. Best of luck. Hope you win in the appeals court, so does the country.PATRICK: Thank you.KILMEADE: Next, is there such a thing as bad therapy? Sadly, there is and it's being pushed onto our kids in the workplace and at school, you know, a place we are supposed to trust, the school, author Abigail Shrier did a lot of study on this, wrote a book about it. She's going to be here to talk about it.And still become, Co-Host Quiz finally back. Two Fox anchors will go head to head to see just how much they know about each other. After all, they work together every day. Stay tuned to find out who that lucky pair is.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: Welcome back.One of the stories I want to share with you is this: President Biden suddenly trying to get tough with hostile countries, at least hostile to us. The commander-in-chief issuing an executive order to crack down on companies selling Americans' personal data to foe nations, for example, China and Russia. Really?The move comes after President Biden joined TikTok to lure young voters he believes that's where they are. Now, US officials have been sounding the alarm that that social media platform run by the Chinese Communist Party is a national security risk. In fact, the president realizes that because he bans it on federal phones, but yet he hops on, opens an account and using that platform in order to attract what he says is a disintegrating youth vote.Also, pharmaceuticals still in China. massive investment still happening in China. What about a complete push? Not only our data, but for our own national security. That's what I would like to see.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am so tired.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't want to live in a hole anymore.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And in that moment, it felt like -- it felt like I was already done.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know what my life is (bleep) miserable. I mean like, I hate it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I have seven non-facts years old now. My father died at seven and a half. I don't want to live in a hole.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes, listen to that. Far too many kids are struggling like you just saw with their mental health, but why? Society has supposedly has turned the corner. Things are supposed to be good right now. But our childhood challenges are a cause for concern or is it how we're handling those challenges? Are we putting seeds for trauma in place with so-called trauma informed education?Look at these numbers, 57 percent of American teens felt persistently sad or hopeless in 2021, the highest reported in over a decade. More parents are turning to therapy for help. They feel it's out of their control. In fact, one in six American kids from the age two to eight years old has been diagnosed with a mental behavioral or developmental disorder that's since 2016. That's according to the CDC.But is there such a thing as bad therapy? Failing to teach our kids to overcome adversity, become more resilient, let them go through some bad times, and get through the other side on their own.Joining us out to discuss this and so much more is the author of this great book, it is called "Bad Therapy: Why the Kids aren't Growing Up." Abigail Shrier, thanks so much for joining us.ABIGAIL SHRIER, AUTHOR, "BAD THERAPY": Thanks so much for having me.KILMEADE: Your last book caused a lot of controversy, but it was awesome. Why was it important for you to go after this? What alerted you to this problem?SHRIER: Well, the generation, the rising generation, Gen Z has had the most mental health treatment of any generation in American history, the most psych meds, the most therapy, the most therapy in school, social emotional learning, the most school counseling, and they are -- they should be the picture of mental health, they are the picture of despair. So I wanted to know why.KILMEADE: Why is therapy not working for them?SHRIER: Because they're taught to focus on their feelings, to think about their pain, to think about their trauma, and they are self-diagnosing. Therapists are throwing around words like and school counselors like PTSD with them, they think they have it, they all think they have ADHD or some other diagnosis and unlike shyness, anxiety is a mental disorder, right? Or it can be, right?They are substituting normal human emotion, sadness, shyness, worry for things like anxiety, depression, and they convincing themselves they have a mental problem.KILMEADE: Do you think their intentions are good, the execution is bad, the remedy is wrong?SHRIER: I think that very often, the intention is good. But you know, giving medicine to people who don't need it is always a bad idea and that is what we're doing. We're going in there with therapy, with therapeutic parenting, with therapeutic practices in school and we are treating kids as if they are mentally ill, and now they're behaving like mental patients.KILMEADE: So normally, in the past, if a kid is not in this top friend group, they're being bullied in school, or they have a parent divorce situation, you know, you kind of grind your way through it.SHRIER: Right.KILMEADE: Now society says let's help them out through it. But there's a glory and there's a positive to grind that.SHRIER: That's exactly right. And you know what the side effects of too much of this therapeutic practice is, they are inefficacy. These kids feel incapacitated, they think they need to ask a mental health expert for everything. They're full of fear. They are full of worry, and they don't feel they can do for themselves.KILMEADE: All right. So you say for example, with your kid, you open up with a story and you talk about your great grandmother, she went through and she was somebody whose mom died in childbirth. She was passed around from family to family, just a horrible upbringing.In fact, she didn't get proper nutrition, her teeth were gray and then she got polio and was in an iron lung.SHRIER: right. And she was one of the most positive can-do people I know to the end of her life. She formed a family. She held down a job. Her whole life, she actually became one of the first female judges in Maryland history and she was able to do that, I think because she didn't have school counselors telling her you've had a lot of trauma. Do you want to get an accommodation in school? Maybe you have social anxiety? Maybe you have testing anxiety? This is not helping.KILMEADE: So what's interesting is you're one of the few experts that don't blame the iPhone, don't blame the smartphone. It doesn't help. But it's not really the cause.SHRIER: You know, I think it's not good. I think it's played a bad role. My last book talked about the contagion, the trans epidemic that was spread in part from social media.KILMEADE: That Amazon said it's a dangerous book at first, don't buy it.SHRIER: That's right. I mean, the smartphone is not doing these kids any good. But I think you know -- I think of it as like remember Frosted Flakes, they used to say, they are part of a nutritious breakfast. Look, the sugar cereal is an unhealthy thing. The smartphones are unhealthy.But the other aspects of their lives have to be healthy, too. They need independence. Their parents need authority with them. They need to take risks and try.KILMEADE: And you talk about giving them chores. Tell them to go to the store to pick stuff up.SHRIER: That's right.KILMEADE: Have a kid walk to school.SHRIER: Right.KILMEADE: Give that feeling of accomplishment or else if you don't get them out by a certain time, they become kids that don't take risks the rest of their lives.I don't want to get politics into this. But you did do the study and you said conservative parents tend to let go a little bit more.SHRIER: Yes, I mean, I think conservative parents --KILMEADE: As opposed to the liberal --SHRIER: You know, boys from liberal families, and this is from Jean Twenge, boys from liberal families have worse mental health than girls from conservative families. Now, we know that's not an organic mental health problem and it is not social media, because girls are on social media much more than boys even in conservative families.But it's more about how we're responding to it. We're not immediately letting a therapist in the door.KILMEADE: And if some school counselor says I want your kid in therapy, remember, it's your kid.SHRIER: That's right.KILMEADE: You're the parent.SHRIER: That's exactly right.KILMEADE: You take control and it's all in your book. It's spelled out distinctly with great research. It is called "Bad therapy."Abigail Shrier, thanks so much. Congratulations. I'm sure it's going to be another huge bestseller.SHRIER: Thank you so much. Great to be here.KILMEADE: Great to see you.Meanwhile, coming up straight ahead, History, Liberty and Laughs. I'm going to be going on stage. My next stop is going to be Henderson, Nevada, April 27th. I missed the Super Bowl in Las Vegas This is just outside. Word is, it is going to be even better.So you go to BrianKilmeade.com. I will be talking about Teddy and Booker T and all of my other books. Go there. There's VIP opportunities, too, all right, and I get a chance to talk to you one-on-one.Question: Has the rest of the world caught up to the once untouchable unbeatable US women's national soccer team? A former captain, Carli Lloyd, thinks so, and has a lot more to do with just skill on the field. We're talking about attitude. I'll explain on ONE NATION.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Ashley Strohmier in New York.There is a potential breakthrough in the war between Israel and Hamas. A US official says Israel has essentially agreed to framework for the Gaza ceasefire. Now, Hamas must now decide to take the deal or not. It will potentially see the release of a number of Hamas held hostages in exchange for a pause in fighting for several weeks. Negotiators are trying to reach an agreement by Ramadan, which starts in just over a week.As Israel waits for Hamas' response, the US military is starting to airdrop aid supplies into the Gaza Strip hoping to help civilians there. Officials say a total of 66 bundles were dropped by three military planes earlier today. They contained 38,000 meals, but no water or medical supplies.More US airdrops are expected in the coming days and several aid groups are criticizing the US for the effort.I'm Ashley Strohmier. Now back to ONE NATION.KILMEADE: I don't know what's going on. Nobody wants to get on the phone anymore. Texting is just too easy and causing -- get this -- I'll say it slowly, telephonophobia among young people. Ninety percent of Gen Z'ers would rather text than talk even going so far as saying phone calls are a phobia of theirs.According to a new research out of Australia, because we have too much to do here, taking a call makes them anxious. Teens telling experts that an awkward phone call is one of the top three things they want to avoid in life. And by the way, here are the top five worst cities for phonophobia. Seattle comes in at number one, San Francisco, Boston, Los Angeles, and Phoenix that rounds out your top five.I don't understand. I used to think a stressful thing when I was little was getting parents on the phone when you really want to talk to their kids. But I also think that's part of the horrible socialization in America, thanks to the phone. But don't fear the phone, there are other things to fear, but we'll talk about that in a moment.Let's change gears and talk a little sports.United States women's national soccer team has been the most successful team in international women's soccer and dare I say, in women's sports history in this country. I'm talking about four World Cup titles including the first World Cup ever, four Olympic medals. But after the upset loss to Sweden on PKs, it seems like the team and the morale towards the team is just not the same.The American public is not putting their arms around this squad anymore. Their epic fall was on display this week. They lost to Mexico two nothing.Former captain and one of the best soccer players ever, Carli Lloyd now a Fox commentator says this: "Yes, the whole world has caught up to us. But I actually hate when people say that because the United States women's national team started to regress in 2020 the Olympics, we've gone backwards. Now they have to rebuild and claw and climb their way back #NoOneFears the American women anymore."Besides losing one of the reasons Lloyd might feel this way could be because the current Captain Lindsey Horan tried to turn the page and become America's darlings again said this in a quote: "American soccer fans, most of them aren't smart. They don't know the game. They don't understand, but it's getting better and better. In France, from what I've heard, people understand my game a little bit more, a sense of my football in the way I play. It is the French culture. Everyone watches football, people know football."Joining me now to discuss this condescending point of view is the host of "The Michele Tafoya Podcast," Michele Tafoya who has dominated the profession for quite some time.MICHELE TAFOYA, HOST, "THE MICHELE TAFOYA PODCAST:" Thank you.KILMEADE: Michele, we remember when this team was the greatest story in sports. Cover of the "Time" Magazine, win the World Cup in '99. Mia Hamm, Julie Foudy. What happened to the quality? What happened to the attitude?TAFOYA: I think it is attitude, and I think it's values. I covered the team at the Olympics in London in 2012 and it was so much fun. But I have to say that Megan Rapinoe taking the knee, look, when you have a national team representing the United States of America and one of your key players is taking a knee during the national anthem and saying how bad America is.And now you've got a captain saying how dumb Americans are. And I know she walked that back. You're reflecting not a pride, not a strength, not a love for your country, but kind of a shame and I think that split the team.I don't think everyone on the team believe that, but now, you've got values that are conflicting, and that gets in the way of your play.KILMEADE: And I hate to say it, I know America is winning. It's not a matter of the winning. It's the attitude.TAFOYA: Yes.KILMEADE: Think about Mia Hamm and Julie Foudy and all of these great players. They look you in the eye, they talk to you, and as they rose in popularity, they didn't let their head get too big.TAFOYA: Right. Right.KILMEADE: They remained accessible.TAFOYA: Right.KILMEADE: Then came the Nike contracts and they became big -- you know, Michael Jordan and Mia Hamm in the same commercial.TAFOYA: Yes.KILMEADE: They're not embracing that. They've got to go back to basics.TAFOYA: I really think so. And look, my daughter is an avid soccer player. I'm around soccer families all the time. They know the sport. And not everyone is as vested in the sport as they are overseas because we're still newbies.But the pride we take in that US women's national team. The team should reflect that back on themselves and play hard for the country.KILMEADE: Caitlin Clark of Iowa has become the best player maybe in college basketball history.TAFOYA: Superstar.KILMEADE: The remarks have fallen, and this week she announced she's going to the WNBA. What does this mean for women's basketball and women's sports?TAFOYA: Well, if the Indiana Fever get her as the number one pick, which it looks like they will, they will be selling out because particularly in the Midwest where she is very popular at Iowa. They sell out all their games.KILMEADE: Love it.TAFOYA: They sell out. Everywhere she goes on the road, they sell out. She is a remarkable player. She can drain threes from the logo. She's makes everyone around her better. She may set the all-time scoring. She may pass Pete Maravich.So she's a remarkable generational talent. I think she draws a lot more fans.KILMEADE: I think it's fantastic. I remember the '96 team, we did a lot of covering in my previous job. Rebecca Lobo, Lisa Leslie, Jen Rizzotti and all these great players.TAFOYA: Yes.KILMEADE: But it didn't have -- we didn't have a generation after with the same, I guess charisma.TAFOYA: Yes. She has charisma. You're right about that and she's accessible. The fans love her. I'm amazed that you go down to Iowa for any other sport, you cannot get into an Iowa women's basketball game. You just can't unless you're willing to spend a lot of money.KILMEADE: Let's talk about what else is happening. After a big win, they do the thing storming the court in college basketball. I mean, it finally happened.Kyle Filipowski was hurt in a Wake Forest celebration. He is of Duke. People ran in after the court after the big upset. The word is we could stop this.TAFOYA: Yes.KILMEADE: But the other people like the networks love the frantic display and the emotion the kids running on the court. Where do you stand on this?TAFOYA: Well, it was bound to happen. Someone was going to get hurt, right? And look, you don't know what those kids have in their hands. You don't know what their intentions are. I think you ought to at least block off the student sections. Let the court clear before you let those kids run.KILMEADE: But there is the spontaneity. It is gone.TAFOYA: I understand. I get it, but I think this is what's been happening, it's going to invite more trouble and unfortunately, I think it's better for everyone if you have a different way of showing your enthusiasm.KILMEADE: You know, they can stop it just like they can stop fighting in hockey if they wanted.TAFOYA: If they want to, they will stop it.KILMEADE: But they could stop it.TAFOYA: Just fine the schools. They can say $500,000.00 if you storm the court, the schools will set up security and it won't happen.KILMEADE: Michele Tafoya, thanks so much.TAFOYA: Great to see you.KILMEADE: Up next though, the Co-Host Quiz is back and you waited long enough to hear about the matchup. Tonight's contestants are the co-hosts of "Fox and Friends First." They stayed up late for us on the weekend. Carley Shimkus and Todd Piro. Don't move.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right here we go. Time now for the Co-Host Quiz. Why else would we have that pricey animation?Our mission is to find out how well Fox News hosts really know the people they sit next to every single day. Tonight's contestants I have not met. Okay, I have met them.Carley Shimkus and Todd Piro, they co-host the wildly successful "Fox and Friends First" on each and every day. Guys, thanks so much for doing this.TODD PIRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Thanks for having us.CARLEY SHIMKUS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: I am so excited.KILMEADE: I'm excited that you're excited. Carley and Todd had been co- hosts with each other for the past three years. First off, do you think you know each other well?SHIMKUS: Oh, yes, I think I know Todd better than he knows himself.PIRO: A hundred percent. I would agree with that. She knows me better than I know myself.Who are you? You're Carley, right?KILMEADE: And we're about to find out who's telling the truth tonight. Let's begin.SHIMKUS: Okay.KILMEADE: Let's begin with the first question. Question number one goes to Carley. Carley, it sounds exactly like this. In what state can Todd practice law?SHIMKUS: Oh.KILMEADE: In what state can Todd --PIRO: This one is easy, dude.KILMEADE: Todd, don't give it away.SHIMKUS: Okay, he is from New Jersey.KILMEADE: Right.SHIMKUS: He lives in Connecticut now.KILMEADE: Right.SHIMKUS: He went to college in California. I think he practiced law in California.KILMEADE: California, judges? There you go. And because of that, Carley --PIRO: Nice.SHIMKUS: I got it right?KILMEADE: Here is the official scorecard. It's actually a card. One nothing congratulations. But it is not over. The hard stuff starts. Todd, this question is for you. It comes to us from our panel of judges. It goes like this. Who was Carley's first friend at Fox. It's one of two. Who is Carley's first friend at Fox. think about she started on Imus and worked her way through here.PIRO: I know she has said this once before.KILMEADE: Okay.PIRO: And I would have said Imus, but it's either you or Doocey. For some reason.SHIMKUS: Wrong show.KILMEADE: Wrong show, ladies and gentlemen. It's very Irish. It was either Connell McShane or Dagen McDowell.SHIMKUS: Because they worked with me on Imus.KILMEADE: Right, and you still like them, Carley.SHIMKUS: I love them. But they were the first people I met.KILMEADE: The official score, one nothing. The girl is winning.SHIMKUS: All right.PIRO: You guys buzzed me as I was doing my analysis.KILMEADE: All right. Here we go.PIRO: You didn't wait for an answer.SHIMKUS: You are on.KILMEADE: Carley, here's the question.SHIMKUS: Okay.KILMEADE: What is the most annoying work habit that Todd has that you think is annoying? He probably loves it?SHIMKUS: This is just my opinion.KILMEADE: Yes. What is the most annoying work habit that Todd has?SHIMKUS: How would I get this -- how is there a wrong to this? It's just what I think.KILMEADE: What you think.SHIMKUS: Okay, what is the most annoying work habit -- cracking his knuckles.PIRO: Ha.SHIMKUS: Cracking his knuckles for sure.KILMEADE: Gargling the water.SHIMKUS: Gargling the water.KILMEADE: . or ignoring her the first five minutes before going on the air.SHIMKUS: All three, maybe.KILMEADE: You really bother her.SHIMKUS: I don't know -- I don't know how much time we have. But I just have to say Todd gargles water every morning, he then cracks his knuckles and he doesn't speak to me until we're done with the A block.PIRO: No acknowledgement.SHIMKUS: Like he doesn't know me and then we become best friends again. I don't know why you do that.PIRO: I refuse to acknowledge your presence.KILMEADE: Now, I've got to call Dr. Drew.SHIMKUS: Yes, I know.KILMEADE: Okay, this one.SHIMKUS: It will be a totally different show.KILMEADE: Todd, this question is for you. If Carley could pick any topic to lead a show with what would she choose?PIRO: Well --KILMEADE: What topic?PIRO: She is our expert in three topics. Border, oil, and baseball. So it's one of those three.Oh, they are giving me the ding-ding so I obviously did well.KILMEADE: Oil, ladies and gentlemen.SHIMKUS: Oil.KILMEADE: Oil counts.PIRO: Yes.SHIMKUS: I said, oil or foreign policy.KILMEADE: It's one-one. Now, I mean, look at you. She loves oil. There you go.SHIMKUS: Oil.KILMEADE: And we are not talking Wesson.Carley, this question is for you. In 2022, Todd ripped his pants on stage while dancing with Flo Rida at the "Fox and Friends" Summer Stage concert series. In the subsequent auction, how much money did Todd receive for his pants for charity? How much money did Todd receive?SHIMKUS: Todd received, I would -- I think $500.00.KILMEADE: You are absolutely wrong $8,000.00.PIRO: I told you. Remember, I said, I couldn't believe they went for $8,000.00.SHIMKUS: Okay. Those pants were not worth that much.KILMEADE: One-one. Here we go. Todd, this question is for you.PIRO: They were to someone.KILMEADE: On a daily basis, Carley is on the air with several co-hosts. Who among them would she say --PIRO: Kilmeade.KILMEADE: She has --PIRO: You don't need to finish the question.KILMEADE: Who among them would she says she has learned the most from.PIRO: Kilmeade, of course, we're on your show.KILMEADE: All right. There you go.SHIMKUS: It's true.KILMEADE: Todd, I can't believe it.SHIMKUS: I am absolutely biased.KILMEADE: I could cost you the win. Here we go, Carley, while we still have some time.SHIMKUS: All right, okay.KILMEADE: Thank you very much. I'm flattered. Who is a better dancer? You or Todd? First let's roll the tape and let's take a judgement right now. You or Todd? Who is a better dancer.SHIMKUS: Let's do it.KILMEADE: Can we see some of this?PIRO: What is that? Are you okay? Were you injured?KILMEADE: Oh, that was good. That was good.SHIMKUS: Not my finest moment. Okay. I think we're groovin' a little better here.KILMEADE: All right, Carley.SHIMKUS: In my opinion, okay, given what I'm seeing now on the screen, I will go with myself.KILMEADE: And the answer was you and the answer was you, Carley. It is a tie. So I have time for another question.SHIMKUS: This is back-to-back dancing.KILMEADE: Last question, it goes like this.SHIMKUS: Okay.KILMEADE: What is Carley's favorite activity when not working or spending time with her family? Todd Piro for the win. Two-two, for the victory.SHIMKUS: It is a tough one.KILMEADE: Favorite activity when not spending with her family.PIRO: Online shopping.KILMEADE: Online shopping, how stereotypical and absolutely wrong.SHIMKUS: Yes.KILMEADE: Hanging out with friends on girls night.SHIMKUS: Yes.KILMEADE: Same with me.SHIMKUS: You guys are welcome.KILMEADE: The same with me. I like that. The final score is two-two. You are tied.SHIMKUS: Two-two. Okay.KILMEADE: You both kind of know each other, but you obviously need a little group therapy.SHIMKUS: Median score.KILMEADE: Thank you very much guys. Congratulations. That was good.PIRO: I'm Todd.KILMEADE: That was good to know.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Forget about it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Forget about it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ah, forget about it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coffee.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coffee.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're you're not in Boston. Coffee. Coffee.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coffee.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Water.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Water.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Water.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you kidding me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you kidding me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you kidding me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How are you doing?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How are you doing?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How are you doing?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Your.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes as the Knicks say it, you just saw them say your which happens to be one of New York's most beloved slang terms. We have a brand new survey to share with you. Some other slang words if you want to be cool. Let's take a look, cringe which means cringe. I didn't know this your, you just heard that. That's the second most popular. Third whip, I thought whip -- no, whip means get your car. I had no idea. That mean, boy am I serious? Although they don't say boy, and then snack. Not eating. It actually means something like, I guess you're hot or sexy.These slang terms that are out, brolic mean good build. So then I'm in trouble. Yas means, I guess that's annoying. Gucci I guess you have money. Real talk and Pete. These are the words not to say these are the words that are now in. Now you're finally cool, and I can't believe my team just made me say all of these and I just shared them with you.Now you can be cool and I will never be cool.That is it for me tonight. Quick note. Tune in to the radio show nine to noon, Monday through Fridays at BrianKilmeadeShow.com. Among my great guests, General Keith Kellogg, Ambassador Mark Green and Michael Goodwin.Also on the Brian Kilmeade Radio Show, some big news. We're launching on the legendary station WRVA, it will be from 10 to noon. I would be coming down there in March to celebrate. Thanks so much for signing us up and the whole team. Appreciate it.Now according to my TV Guide, it's time for "Fox News Saturday Night" with Jimmy Failla and as usual my car is late, so I've got to watch from the studio.