SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you so much. And hard to believe an hour has flown by. Thanks so much for joining us. You can catch me tomorrow alongside John Roberts. 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time on "AMERICA REPORTS". Again, thank you for joining us here. For now, here is THE FIVE.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, I'm Greg Gutfeld along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and she high jumps with a toothpick, Dana Perino. THE FIVE.Donald Trump returning to the campaign trail with a vengeance, the ex-pres blitzing two battleground states after Democrats lawfare tried to keep him bogged down in courtrooms. First stop, Michigan where Trump chewed up the media's bloodbath hoax and spat out that same language to describe Biden's broken border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Under crooked Joe Biden, every state is now a border state. Every town is now a border town. Because Joe Biden has brought the carnage and chaos and killing from all over the world and dumped it straight into our backyards.But I stand before you today to declare the Joe Biden's border bloodbath and that's what it is. It's a bloodbath. It's destroying our country. It's a very bad thing happening. It's going to end on the day that I take office.We want to get down to business. We want to just get our country going again, we want to get the border closed and we want to have people come into our country but come in legally, right? Legally.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Hold your applause, Harold. The bedlam at the border is a top issue for American voters as criminal migrants run roughshod across the country. Team Biden and Democrats doing a little pre-buttal to Trump's speech and shoveling up this pile of B.S.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SARAH GODLEWSKI, WISCONSIN SECRETARY OF STATE: I don't have any respect for an individual who says that the border is the most important issue, but then walks away from one of the most, you know, influential bills that could actually address the issues at the border. You can't take him seriously. Because again, it's about him.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And the White House getting pants (PH) by Peter Doocy over the terrorism threat at the border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: As the person in charge of presenting -- preventing a terrorist attack in the homeland, does President Biden think that some of these border crossers could be in the United States right now plotting a terrorist attack --JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: The president's confident that throughout the interagency, DHS intelligence community, that we're doing everything we can to be as vigilant as we can to ensure the safety and security of the American people here at home.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Jesse, it seems to me that Trump needs no hyperbole anymore, because he could just state the realities, because now the realities match his hyperbole of 2016.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Right. He's taken the hoax and branded Biden's border policies with it. It's like Taekwondo, you kind of use your opponent's momentum, and then you just kind of twist them around into a pretzel.GUTFELD: Is that what it is?WATTERS: I don't know. I don't even know anything about taekwondo. So, he has challenged the president, because he's got this schedule that starts on the 15th of April, where he's going to have to be in court for six weeks, every day, save Wednesday.So, what's that going to look like? He's now going to have to do these courthouses press conferences, and just blast Biden's corruption. Do it in a positive way. But then also talk policy every day of the week. And then Wednesday, he has to do two first, and that's what he's doing tonight.So, he's flying to Michigan, doing an event and then Wisconsin doing another event. And that's what it's going to look like for the next six weeks. He's going to go west, maybe on a Wednesday do Nevada and Arizona, maybe go South, do North Carolina and Georgia, and then the weekend, no golf. Because you have to stay busy on the weekend with this being tied down to these court cases. And Michigan, he's ahead in three points right now. Wisconsin, he's just barely ahead.So, this is a really tight race. And I just think that to compare the Biden crime wave to Trump in 2019, no one buys that except the shallowest of political hacks, because everybody knows the Democrats breathed fire into that riot and bailed out the rioters and encouraged it and then they tagged on all of the crazy prosecutors and no bail, all that garbage. And no one in their right minds believes that.So, what they've done is they've taken Biden's two biggest deficiencies, the border and crime, a they tried to call them Trump's fault. It's Trump's fault Biden's borders a mess. It's the Trump crime wave. And no one, not even Harold Ford Jr. is going to buy that.GUTFELD: Well, yes, it's funny you bring him up, Harold. You said something so interesting when we were getting massages this morning, you said to me, you said it's so funny, Greg, think about how Trump was the law and order president of 2016 and now it's 2024. Maybe he was simply ahead of his time. Remember you said that?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Your massage must not have been as good as mine, I don't remember that. Before we get started, you get to jump in on me. Here's everybody a Powerball ticket.(CROSSTALK)JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Oh, I love this one.GUTFELD: You're trying to bribe us, aren't you?FORD JR.: No, but I do want 150 million. If you win, we can share it.I'd say a couple of things about this. I think that I've said yesterday, 80 percent of this is the White House responsibility right now, because of the ability to do executive orders. And then you put pressure on Congress and 20 percent is Congress.It is amazing to me how serious this issue is, and the corresponding lack of action on everybody's side. Let's say we take President Trump at his word, and he's going to be elected president in November. That means he wants us to wait seven months, and perhaps another two million people, a million and a half people entering the country illegally. And the numbers would probably drive up because -- it would go up because if we knew today that President Trump would win those outside of the country, they probably all rush in even more because they believe that President Trump will shut the border down.So, let's just settle on two million. If two million undocumented illegal people, however you want to describe them here. At some point, don't the American people deserve some action from the president and Congress of both sides? It's not fair that all the time. And every time our political leaders strap on a political equipment, strap on a political warfare gear, and they go to war with each other every day on television, in the newspapers, online while everybody else suffers.We do it on guns. Whenever there's a gun thing, we always say there's mental health issues. We don't fund any mental health things. We do it on crime. No one does anything on crime.We talked about yesterday, Judge, we had a back and forth and I don't necessarily -- your passion, I appreciate it, I don't think it's all one person's fault.There's a system that is failing people. And if politicians don't accept that, if they're part of this responsibility for this, then we're all going to continue to suffer. My message to President Biden is do something. My message to President Trump is when they do something, don't tell your party to vote against it, because we can't afford it. Even if you know, or we knew that we could certainly say, which I don't want to, that you're going to be elected president again, we will still have to wait seven months before we did anything on the border, before any new money, before any new judges, before any new asylum process reform, before we get any of those things.And I just don't think it's fair to your voters, Democratic voters and people like me who are just regular old, independent voting citizens who happens to lean a little Democrat to say we should just wait.GUTFELD: What do you say to that, Judge?PIRRO: Well, I disagree with Harold. I don't think that you can blame Donald Trump for the number of illegals who will riot their way or get into this country any which way they can.Now, you know, I don't want to spend time on the bill other than to say 35,000 a week is too many, more Border Patrol agents and more people that process the illegals is not what the American people want.Look, Trump is winning on this. Biden is losing on this. There's a reason. Trump makes sense. And in 2016, not every state was a border state, it is right now.And Mayorkas takes pride in saying we have rescinded so many of Trump's immigration policies. They're just too long to list. That's all they have to do --FORD JR.: I'm going to take your lottery ticket back.WATTERS: I'll take it.PIRRO: -- was go back and look at what Trump did to stop them. And here, here's the truth. In one year, Joe Biden 2023 had 2.47 million encounters with half a million known gotaways and more than that unknown gotaways, which is the number that Trump had for four years.So, if Trump knew how to slow it down, he knew how to stop it, not to mention that this young woman 25-year-old Ruby Garcia is killed by someone that Trump was deported.And I got to tell you, I take offense when -- what's his name? Kirby comes out and says, we are doing everything we can to ensure the safety of every American. Well, Kirby, you tell me how the guy that Trump got out got back into the country under Joe Biden and killed a woman in this country.So, I don't want to hear it. The numbers are clear. The people are clear. This is Joe Biden's fault. He's letting people in because he wants more people to support him and the Democrat party for generations.GUTFELD: Dana, it seems to me that and we saw this coming that Biden's only play is to focus on rhetoric as opposed to reality. And going back to what I said to Jesse, it's like, all Trump has to do is draw a line really from the border, to crime, to the unsafe cities, to squatting. He almost -- he could just -- doesn't even have to raise his voice.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All he have to do is like show the news.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.PERINO: Because that is the case. I did feel that today was the first day it felt like a campaign because you had the key -- one of the candidates out on the trail in a key state talking about key issues. The reason it didn't feel exactly like a campaign is because the other candidate is not there. You cannot be a candidate, especially like a Donald Trump candidate by putting out the campaign team for a press conference like she's -- you got to -- you got to try to match like with like there.And Michigan is a state that's had a lot of big ticket items happen to them since 2021. Being the car strike, the automobile strike, you had the E.V.s and all that nonsense, basically losing them jobs, and now you have liberal Muslims being discontent with President Biden's position on Israel.One of the things Biden is doing however, and you saw this in all of their advertisements today, you're going to see this all across the country. They had a billboard that said, if Trump's reelected president again, guess what's happens to you? What's the number one issue? Abortions banned. Second issue was economy. Third issue was immigration. Pretty interesting that in Michigan, not even a border state. The third issue, even in Biden's mind is the economy. So now that they know that.So, the last point I would make is Michigan has 16 electoral votes. If Biden is on the margin in Michigan, it's going to be a very long night for the Democrats because that means that Arizona, Georgia, Wisconsin and possibly Pennsylvania are already in the bag for Republicans.GUTFELD: Yes. All right. Well done. Coming up, RFK Jr. shocking the crap out of CNN after telling them the biggest threat to democracy isn't Donald Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Democrats are working behind the scenes to spoil what they fear as a third-party spoiler that could destroy President Biden's reelection chances. Well, they are not going to like this, independent presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. explaining who he thinks is the biggest threat to democracy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I can make the argument that President Biden is a much worse threat to democracy.President Biden has done something that no other president in the history has done, which is to order media, particularly the social media -- Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Google to censor his political opponents.And you know, I can say that because I just won a case in the federal court of appeals and now before that Supreme Court. Because he began censoring me 37 hours after he took the oath of office swearing to defend the Constitution.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: But Hillary Clinton doesn't seem fazed by RFK's campaign or his comments, she's busy scolding voters who didn't don't like Biden, she wants them to just suck it up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIMMY FALLON, HOST OF "THE TONIGHT SHOW": But it's Biden versus Trump. And we know that.HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Yes, it is. It is.FALLON: What do you -- what do you say to voters who are upset that those are the two choices?CLINTON: Get over yourself. Those are the two choices.CLINTON: Yes, love that.FALLON: And, you know, it's kind of like, one is old and effective and compassionate. He has a heart and really cares about people.And one is old and has been charged with 91 felonies. I don't - I don't understand why this was even a hard choice. Really. I don't understand.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Harold, when she says he really cares about people. The one consistent polling that we've seen, even from the beginning, was that when voters were asked, does he care about issues you care about that are -- that are important to you? His numbers on that have been low from the beginning.But anyway, that was just my commentary, really. My question for you is, are Democrats really freaking out about RFK pulling enough of votes away from Biden?FORD JR.: So, I think part of the concern is his ballot access in North Carolina. North Carolina is a state that recently nominated a Republican governor that many Democrats believe is outside -- whose views are outside of the mainstream of many Republicans, let alone Democrats and many independents.Can -- and the question is RFK Jr. a threat there because he could take some of those votes? I think that's a legitimate -- a legitimate concern. I think that Secretary Clinton, I think she knows Donald Trump as a candidate probably as well as anyone because she ran against him and lost to him and I think there may be some frustration there. I don't think that the way she described it is the right way to go about this. I think you have to, you can't tell voters to get over themselves. Although I know where she's coming from. You've got to get out until voters why Joe Biden is a better choice.And I think there are litany of reasons we've talked -- I talked to it all the time about the economy, talk to it all the time about foreign policy, about funding Ukraine. It's funny, Evan Gershkovich -- it's not funny. We recognize a few days ago, a year anniversary, one of their in-house newspapers, the Wall Street Journal, you realize that President Trump has not mentioned Evan Gershkovich's name. Look it up. It's not -- it's not something I make up or not something that say with fondness.If you're going to go out and make the case against Donald Trump, don't make it on the lines that we should be telling someone that they are even - - that they're silly to even think about voting for, go out and explain why you should vote for Joe Biden. And I think there are reasons to do it.And if the campaign and Democrats my party didn't get to that, we're going to find ourselves in a bigger hole come into the summer.PERINO: The left kind of lost his mind when he did that interview, because you know, there's a void. Biden doesn't do interviews, so there's a void to be filled, and RFK Jr., if I were him, I would just keep doing it.WATTERS: First of all, Harold, Trump got back tons of American hostages when he was president -- when he was president, Harold.FORD JR.: But he hadn't mention his name.WATTERS: More than many, many, many, he's probably leaving room for negotiation. He knows how to do this, you've seen the results.Yes, I watched that on CNN. That was the stupidest interview I've ever seen. So, he goes on there. And they asked him about who's a bigger threat to democracy. First of all, no one's talking about that. And he says, well, Joe Biden censored me. And he's not giving me Secret Service protection, and instead of the host arguing with them, or saying whatever she wanted, they bring in a little measly fact checker after the thing was wrapped.And then they say, well, actually, Joe Biden didn't personally censor RFK. And he didn't personally deny Secret Service. OK, so they're saying, Joe Biden doesn't have anything to do with the actions that the Biden administration is taking? That's what we're doing now.If anybody talks to me about democracy again, I'm going to shoot myself in the head.GUTFELD: Hey, what about democracy?WATTERS: I knew that was coming. No one is talking about democracy. They just did a poll of Gallup at unprompted. What is the biggest issue that concerns you right now? Immigration, poor government leadership, the economy, inflation, homelessness, unifying the country crime? Democracy is like three percent. It's like the ninth thing that people. The only ones talking about this are deep state, cable news contributors and white women on cable news. That's it. No one is talking about that.And even Hillary, she's saying -- notice what Hillary didn't say, Hillary says this election is about one man cares and the other man is charged with crimes. What is she not saying? She's not saying who has vision. She's not saying are you better off. She's not saying about anyone's record. She's not mentioning policy. It's just the one guy cares. And I can argue he doesn't care at all. I can argue the man has no heart. Show me an example of how Joe Biden cares about anything. If he cared about anything, he'd do something.And then all the rest is Democrat prosecutors are charging the guy. That's how she's framing the election. This is like an episode of "Seinfeld", the show about nothing. That's the Biden campaign, it's about nothing.PERINO: That's why I would -- if I were RFK campaign, I would just be out there every day.GUTFELD: Well, you know -- you know, I think he pools equally for both parties. But he aligns closer to Trump, because they're both outsiders, and they're pointing their finger at a system that is -- that is being weaponized by those in power.RFK and Trump may have shared different -- they have differences in opinion. But they're both kind of united by a visceral disgust for the people in power who use race and identity conflict, to keep the rest of us busy so we don't go after the people in power.Hillary, once again, shows how much she hates voters, right? It's like, get over it. It's like she thinks they're deplorable. They're stupid. They're as thick as her ankles.And then of course, she mentioned the crime -- you know, the crimes, and she's basically telegraphing the strategy. The strategy from the beginning was that we can get him on just if we can come up with these crimes, even if they're repetitive and it's really one crime, we can just say it's 90, 90 whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And maybe that'll affect the voters. I don't think it is.I think the driving persuasion point for the Democrats will be fear. And it's going to be what will happen if Trump wins? Well, we know, he was president.And there is a fear of existential crisis, but it's coming from them. It's not come to -- when Trump becomes president, he's not going to do anything to hurt anybody. He's not that kind of guy.But we remember from 2016 what happened when Trump won? We got people attacking the White House, Trump had to go into a bunker, right? They had - - you know, they were forming little armies on the street with funny pink hats.You know, if you think that's bad, wait if Trump wins, they are going to melt down, especially when you are told that this man is worse than Hitler. So, if you stand by and do nothing, right, then you are a collaborator as judged by history.PERINO: One of the things on Perino on politics as I'm sure you all listen to, but Michael Moynihan was my guest today. He's a Democrat. He's worked for John Kerry. He's working on a couple of Senate campaigns now.And he said, I asked him, I said, are you worried about RFK? He says, yes, they are worried. And one of the concerns, Judge, is that younger people, maybe in their first or second election of voting, they don't like anybody. So, they might just say, you know what, I kind of like that guy, at least he's not one of them.PIRRO: He's not one of them. He's different. And he's calling out things that I think are pretty obvious.Look, you know, when Donald Trump, you know, talks about what is going on, people are going to say, well, he's been the president, you know, he's looking to make sure he gets elected again.But when RFK talks, I think young people kind of look at him as he's interesting. He's different.PERINO: Cool.PIRRO: Yes, he is cool. But you know, one of the things that I think is so insulting about Joe Biden his so called heart that he cares so much about people. I mean, you think about Robert Kennedy's father was assassinated, Robert Kennedy, Jr. is running for president. And they deny him Secret Service protection? I mean, that is not only not caring, that is out and out cruel.And the whole idea of you know, Joe Biden is this caring guy, Hillary, you never knew what you were talking about, OK? It took him what, a year to get to East Palestine. He's a guy from Afghanistan leaves Americans in Afghanistan. He leaves Americans everywhere. There's no cavalry coming on to Joe Biden.And then you've got the whole issue of you know, the crime that's going on. And the fact that as Kennedy clearly says, is you've got the First Amendment censoring, whether it was in COVID. The run up to the 2020. Election, January 6, everything is about the Democrats trying to lock up people who don't think like them or shut them up.And you know, they did everything they could. They not only have indicted Trump 91 times as Democrats, but they tried to keep them off the ballot. OK, I mean, if people can see through that, then you know, there's nothing else you could say.PERINO: Indeed. OK, up next, a liberal city thinks handing out these colorful cards will stop you from getting mugged.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: A big Liberal city coming up with perhaps the most useless idea yet to crack down on crime. The geniuses who run the San Francisco Transit System actually want riders to carry around a flimsy little piece of paper called in an intervention card to help stop harassment. One says, "I got you," if you spot someone who's about to get sucker punched. The other asks, "You got me?" Requesting assistance if you're about to get sucker punched.If only Daniel Penny had one, AOC would probably be throwing him a ticker tape parade. But hey, look at the upside. You could probably give the bad guys a serious paper cut. Bay Area Transit explaining their ridiculous plan with this video. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, this card over here is for when you're being harassed. It says, "You got me?" So, you'd hand it to somebody else and it gives them instructions on how they can help you. If you see someone being harassed you can also give them this "I got you" card which gives them instructions on the back to find the BART police or call someone or more instructions on how to be safe.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Wow.WATTERS: Greg?GUTFELD: Who knew cards were the answer? We should all be carrying around cards so we can absolve ourselves of any actual concern. Like, the next time Jesse's staffer asks for a raise, just hand them a card that says, I'm with you, I would also like money. You know, by the way, xenophobia, that's in English. I mean, it's not even bilingual, trilingual, or quad-lingual.But if you want to curb physical and sexual violence against women, this is a slap in the face. No wonder all the criminals hold the cards. Thank you. But this is kind of like -- this is how a dystopian society unfolds. It's not with an invasion of zombies, although fentanyl has done that. It's not with roving gangs of criminals though the decriminalization by Soros-funded DAs have done that. It's these cheerful mindless Band-Aids of bureaucracy.It's a non-remedy. And again, it absolves them of any action and it puts the responsibility on the victim. You know, if the city accepts the crime, the card is telling you lie down and enjoy it together. You're going to be together when you all get mugged.WATTERS: The police are going to show up, Dana, and woman has a black eye should have had the card.PERINO: It feels like this is another anti-crime measure developed by people who have never seen crime up close. They probably have a car service, right? They never go on the subway. They don't have to worry about it. But they've heard about it from constituents so they think well maybe this would help. But you know, if you're in a situation where you feel uncomfortable, I'll tell you a story.During COVID, I had to use a subway to go somewhere downtown. I saw these two girls. They just come off the -- from Grand Central, so they were here, they were so excited, it's their first time in New York. And I saw this guy just really harassing them. And I realized, these girls have no idea what they're doing. They didn't hand me a card. I didn't hand them a card, but I did say, hey, follow me, and I took them up over and around and. So, like, there's action.I know a lot of people don't want to act. Daniel Penny decided to act in order to protect other people. Now, he's like fighting for his own life and his freedom. I feel like the San Francisco folks said, hey, Google Gemini. What would be a great way to stop crime in the Subways, and they said, here's something. How about these cards? You go, girl. These types of cards will really help prevent all sorts of crime.It's pitiful. And I hadn't seen the video until now. I'd read it. I' read the transcript but the video is terrible.People are already picking up women, Judge, they're handing cards out and their cell is on the back. I got you.PERINO: You got me?PIRRO: I want you -- I want you to picture this. You got some psychotic freak coming for you. You're on the train. It's underground. It's moving. It's locked. You can't get out. You say to him, hold on a second, I got to get my wallet out to get the car.WATTERS: Oh, yes, the wallet.PIRRO: So, the other thief on the other end of the car says hey there's a wallet, let me go after her, all right? And then, somebody grabs the wallet, you take out the card, you give it to someone else who's already running in the other direction because they don't want to be on this cart. And then you finally give it to someone, and then the freak ends up assaulting you and he says hey I got my own card. It says get out of jail free. I mean, what a bunch of nonsense.WATTERS: They created a system where you have to open up your personal wallet on the subway.PERINO: And, Judge, they get to collect $200.PIRRO: Yes, they're clueless.WATTERS: Harold?FORD JR.: So, what we have here is -- this is stupid, first off. What we have here is the paradigm is either a card or Daniel Penny. I would choose Daniel Penny.PIRRO: Right.PERINO: Yes.FORD JR.: Now, the real alternative should be if government actually worked. If government worked, we would have more cops in our public transit systems, you would have more money to buy weapons, detection technology, and surveillance in our -- in our public transit areas. We would have no cashless bail and we would rescind the cashless bail, and we would have uniformed and undercover police on the subway so people could feel safe and be safe.I don't like the paradigm of -- let me be clear -- of get out -- don't bother me card or Daniel Penny, but if that's what we force on people, any reasonable person would want Daniel Penny and not a card.PIRRO: Absolutely.FORD JR.: But any smart person who pays taxes, wants more cops, more weapon detection technology and equipment, rescinding of cashless bail, and more undercover and uniform cops on subways and public transit systems to make sure families can get their kids at school and get to work without fear of someone being killed or assaulted.PERINO: Let's pray the jury agrees.PIRRO: And who resends cashless bail? Who has to bring that up in the legislature in New York?WATTERS: Say her name.FORD JR.: State legislators do it and the governor sign it.PIRRO: The Democrats.FORD JR.: Give me your dog on lottery ticket.GUTFELD: Give her a card.WATTERS: Give her the card.Coming up, the author of Harry Potter is not backing down after daring cops to arrest her for speaking her mind.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: I love this song. The author of Harry Potter winning a big battle of a free speech. J.K. Rowling daring cops in Scotland to jail her for criticizing transgender ideology as the country tries to enforce its new hate speech law. Rawling taken to social media to assert that a number of transgender women were men, and saying that she looks -- she looks forward to being arrested.Scotland police says Rowling's social media posts however are not criminal. The bestselling author is now celebrating her victory in a speech standoff and tweeting this out. "I hope every woman in Scotland who wishes speak up for the reality and importance of biological sex will be reassured by this announcement." Are you reassured, Judge, by this announcement?PIRRO: Not at all. In fact, I think women are the only group that were absolutely ignored by this announcement. I think the crime that they created is you know, to some it's a force for good but I think it is a recipe for disaster. The rub in this law is they take all of these protected categories that we're all familiar with and they say that if your behavior, whether you do it at home, in public or in private, if it includes insulting behavior, then you can be prosecuted and faced up to seven years in prison. But you only need proof that you're stirring up hatred was likely as opposed to intentional.So, you don't have to intentionally stir up hatred. That doesn't need to be your mental state. I mean, this is a very sloppily drafted vague law that doesn't deserve the paper that it was written on. And I think it's going to be used in a way that will be culturally -- it will culturally suppress certain people. So that if I identify someone by -- if I think he's cisgender and when he's a transgender, I can be prosecuted because it's likely that, you know, I didn't know for sure.What if he's a transvestite? What if he's not transgender? What if he's a - - you know, you don't know. And you -- and the police come in and they prosecute you. This is nonsense.FORD JR.: D.P., what are your thoughts on this?PERINO: Well, so in my household, we read a lot of the Daily Telegraph and Peter comments a lot. And so, we've been following this issue for years. It's been coming, and it's not just about the trans issue. So, in the U.K., they don't have a First Amendment. We're very lucky that our founding fathers said that actually should be something that we need, and we need to have it as the First Amendment. Because what is happening now, it's not only on this issue. You could have people say something that's negative or perceived to be negative about Muslims. Guess what? The police come knocking on your door.They will not come to your door anymore if you were -- had a burglary at your home. They'll say, sorry, we don't have enough resources, you're going to have to just file a police report and talk to your insurance company. We don't have the resources. The police, they don't want to do this. They're not training -- do you think they don't have problems of crime in the U.K.? But this has been a slowly building issue.And it reminds me of -- just remember during Benghazi. I'm happy to bring it back up. Who pushed the video, right? And there was that this whole thing of like, who pushed the video? And it was a guy. And our government under the Obama Administration went and arrested a guy who had just made a video and put it on YouTube. And he said that he incited the violence in Benghazi. It was absolute nonsense and an outrage. And it's one of the examples of what can happen, you know, here if you don't have free speech.And there in the U.K., I'm glad for J.K. Rowling on this particular thing, but this is just the tip of the iceberg over there.FORD JR.: Gutfeld -- Exclamation Point, the content and Free Speech, it's a collision of two issues that you care deeply about. How do you react to this?GUTFELD: Well, hate speech gives power to idiots, all right. It doesn't matter what it is. If you -- if you create these laws, you're giving power to people who cannot handle words. Scotland has become the pinnacle of cowardice. Braveheart William Wallace is rolling in his grave right now. The real hero is J.K. Rowling. And she's a hero because she speaks the truth and she doesn't care. It helps to be really rich.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: But she is willing to stand up for women when so many other women aren't. And right now -- and who's after her? It's not -- this is -- what has happened here is the trans-activism has been basically controlled by narcissistic men with gynephilia. These are guys that get off wearing women's clothing. They are not attractive. They're not trans. They're just dudes in dresses and they have a desire to see themselves as women.And now, for some reason, if you -- if you do not indulge a man's fetish, then somehow you are offending his identity. She's -- just by saying that they are men, that is attacking their identity. And she's not going to have it. That's why she is -- she is so -- she's one of the bravest people on the planet.There's a thing that drives me crazy. Not actually drive -- it's actually entertaining. When you look on TikTok and when you watch protests, you will see trans-activists crying and screaming, right? How dare you call me sir? They'll be at Starbucks. You -- I'm a -- I'm not a sir. And the women going, if they don't let me swim against women, I'm going to kill myself.What are these things? These are tantrums. These are tantrums. And there are basically two types of people. People who give into tantrums and people who don't. She doesn't give into tantrums. What we're seeing with Scotland and Biden and everywhere, they give into tantrums. They are scared of these people throwing a fit. Well, you know with kids, when they throw a tantrum and they win, they don't stop. And that's why you're seeing this happen.WATTERS: Look at Hunter Biden.FORD JR.: What are your thoughts?WATTERS: Joe never put his foot down and his son is a mess.GUTFELD: I'm glad you brought Hunter Biden into this.WATTERS: Benghazi, I had to one-up it.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: She needs to get a mug shot. She needs to pose fiercely, put it on a T-shirt. And just like Trump, you become a civil rights icon. That's how you do it. I want to get arrested now. It's -- that's not an invitation. I swear I paid all my taxes. I swear.FORD JR.: Coming up, pop star Shakir is taking aim at Barbie for stripping men of their masculinity.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right, Key, you're on.KEN, CHARACTER, BARBIE MOVIE: Let's beach off.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Anyone who wants to beach him off, has to beach me off first.BARBIE, CHARACTER, BARBIE MOVIE: Nobody's going to beach anyone off.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Not really, Dana.PIRRO: Shakira is blasting Barbie for diminishing men. The pop star saying, "My sons absolutely hated it. They felt that it was emasculating. I like pop culture when it attempts to empower women without robbing men of their possibility to be men, to also protect and provide."OK, Greg, you saw the movie.GUTFELD: Yes, I did.PIRRO: Did it -- does it emasculate men?GUTFELD: It thoroughly emasculated me. Here's the thing. There's a lot of things in culture that are bad, but you can choose to see the movie or not see the movie. The real brainwash is in schools and in social media, stuff that you can't control. My suggestion for people like this is to get remasculated (PH) movies. I made a list.You want to --PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Shakira, take your son to see the Beekeeper with Jason Statham. It's awesome. The Jake Gyllenhaal remake of Roadhouse is incredible. And then some classics, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot with Clint Eastwood and Jeff Bridges, High Plains Drifter, Brawl In Cellblock 99 with Vince Vaughn.FORD JR.: Equalizer.GUTFELD: Equalizer I and II and III, by the way, Denzel Washington.FORD JR.: Hear, hear!PIRRO: OK, Jesse, it was the 14th highest-grossing film of all time and yet you chose not to see it.WATTERS: Yes, why would you take movie recommendations from a guy who saw Barbie? I mean, why would any man see a Barbie movie?GUTFELD: My wife wanted to see it.WATTERS: Why would -- exactly, his wife wanted to see it. He did what his wife wanted. That's any guy seeing that movie.GUTFELD: Thank God you never do that, Jesse. I would never see Barbie. There's a thousand other movies.PIRRO: OK. All right, so, Dana? Well, I only made it a minute and 38 into Barbie before I turned it off on the plane. This is what I would say. Not only should she have him watch those movies but basically the whole issue is they said that because she should write a song for one of those movies. And then they will be happy.PIRRO: OK. You want to say anything else, Harold?FORD JR.: Nope. You said it all.PIRRO: OK. Everybody said it all. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: "OMT!" Harold?FORD JR.: First, congrats to Iowa and Caitlin Clark on last night going to final four. But a San Diego man --WATTERS: You go, girl!FORD JR.: -- marked back as is gearing up to run across the country to raise awareness of Parkinson's this year after his father passed away from disease and his wife became diagnosed last year. The 3,000-mile journey starts at the Santa Monica pier and we'll go to the Empire State Building. You can see he's dragging along there some essentials, water, a tent, and a sleeping bag.This will take 75 days to complete. Again, it will end at the Empire State Building. His wife says this -- she believes this is the greatest expression of love that he's shown in their marriage. Good luck to him. God bless him.GUTFELD: Dana?PERINO: Well, you know, I haven't talked about Mercy Ships in a while but I wanted to because I was thinking about these people who are trying to make decisions about where to go to school, what to do. If you -- if you're not sure and you think you might have a calling to go do something, I've checked out the job openings at Mercy Ships. There's paid job opportunities that are there, like in Texas for example.Then there's so many volunteer opportunities. They need photographers, teachers, operating room educators, electricians. They need a baker. They need a firefighter. There's all sorts of ways to serve. So, you can check that out at mercyships.org. See if it's for you.Greg, I'm sending you.GUTFELD: Yes. Do they need dancers?Tonight, Michael Loftus, Heather Zumarraga, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus 10:00 p.m. Hey, let's do this. It's new. Greg's what's in the tree? Roll this video and stop it. All right, there you go. All right, Judge, what's in the tree?FORD JR.: I didn't --PIRRO: You.WATTERS: There's no noise?GUTFELD: Oh, me? Harold, what's in the tree?FORD JR.: A monkey.WATTERS: Kangaroo.PERINO: Mountain lion.GUTFELD: All right, let's roll the tape. It's Brian Kilmeade. No, it's -- 30 seconds. There we go. It's a bear. None of you guys chose bear. All right, Jesse.WATTERS: OK, so there was a guy in Oregon just mining his business, walking into a convenience store and this happened right afterwards.FORD JR.: It's going to be bad.GUTFELD: Wow.WATTERS: Just a flying blade. That's why you got to be prompt.PIRRO: That's a blade?GUTFELD: I saw that coming.PIRRO: That's a blade?GUTFELD: Get it? I saw that coming.WATTERS: Like, the saw.GUTFELD: I got a million of it, Dana. A million. Speaking of million, what's up, Bret!