JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Convenience store and this happened right afterwards. Just a flying blade. That's why you got to be prompt.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: That's a blade?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I saw that coming.PIRRO: That's a blade?GUTFELD: Get it? I saw that coming.WATTERS: Like a saw.GUTFELD: I got a million of them, Dana, a million. Speaking of million, what's up, Bret?BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Greg, I like count the nuts instead of what's in the tree.GUTFELD: Yes, who doesn't?BAIER: Yes. OK. All right. Thanks.Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. Breaking tonight, former President Trump is calling the situation in the southwestern U.S. the Biden border bloodbath, his words. The former president holding a campaign event just getting underway in just a few minutes as you look there live in Green Bay. We will take you there to hear some of those remarks.This comes as President Biden fights back against the issues that are hurting him most in his reelection campaign, the border crisis, the economy and foreign policy hotspots.We have Fox team coverage tonight, Matt Finn is in El Paso, Texas, with exclusive video of the latest tactic by state officials to control the illegal immigration surge. Peter Doocy at the White House with details of the president's first conversation with Chinese leader Xi Jinping since last November, but starting us off tonight Correspondent Mark Meredith in the Washington bureau with the remarks today and possibly coming up by former President Donald Trump. Good evening, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. Tonight, former President Trump is trying to win over voters in two states which could swing the election. Democrats think of Michigan and Wisconsin as their blue wall. But Trump appears to see an opening as he focuses on two big issues.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (voice over): Surrounded by law enforcement, former President Trump told supporters if reelected, he'll restore law and order.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We have a new form of crime, it's called migrant crime.MEREDITH (voice over): Trump's Grand Rapids swing comes as Michigan mourns the loss of 25-year-old Ruby Garcia, a woman recently murdered allegedly by her boyfriend, an illegal immigrant from Mexico.TRUMP: We're going to deliver justice for Ruby. We're going to watch what happens with this.MEREDITH (voice over): Tonight, the RNC wants to highlight similar cases nationwide. It's launching a website showcasing the intersection of crime and illegal immigration. Top Trump surrogates say the issue resonates with voters.REP. STEVE SCALISE (R-LA): They're furious about this open southern border when they see thousands of people a day coming across, including people on the terrorist watch list.MEREDITH (voice over): Fox News polling shows a majority 67 percent of registered voters disapprove of how President Biden handles immigration.But tonight, Democrats are fighting back, the DNC launching these new billboards in swing states blaming Trump for the collapse of a bipartisan border security bill.SARAH GODLEWSKI, WISCONSIN SECRETARY OF STATE: I don't have any respect for an individual who says that the border is the most important issue, but then walks away from one of the most, you know, influential bills that could actually address the issues at the border.MEREDITH (voice over): As Trump campaigns, his legal troubles aren't far behind.TRUMP: You know, I put up a bond. I didn't do anything wrong.MEREDITH (voice over): Overnight, Trump posting a $175 million bond in his New York civil fraud case. Trump is appealing the ruling and his assets remain in his control.DON HANKEY, FOUNDER, HANKEY GROUP: It's a big bond for us to underwrite. But Trump -- you know, Donald Trump came up with all cash. So, at the end, it was an easy decision.MEREDITH (voice over): Trump is expected back in court soon as jury selection begins in a New York criminal trial, examining if Trump falsified business records to pay off an adult film star.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): The judge in that case has expanded a gag order, essentially barring Trump from talking publicly about the judge's family and the family of the prosecuting attorney. And Trump's lawyers say they have another plan. They're going to file a motion tomorrow, Bret, asking the judge to recuse himself because his daughter is a political consultant who has worked with Democrats in the past, so this trial will just continue to roll on. We'll wait to see what the judge rules next, Bret.BAIER: OK, Mark, thank you. Again, we're looking live in Green Bay, Wisconsin. We'll head there for the president and dip in. It's streaming on Fox Nation as well.While President Biden faces pressure over his border policies, he's also facing foreign policy challenges from several U.S. adversaries ahead of the election. The president sending two of his top advisors to China now. The president talked today with Chinese leader Xi Jinping over the phone, their first conversation since last November.White House correspondent Peter Doocy has that part of the story tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: TikTok came up today, yes.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): That's the headline from today's hour and 45 minute Biden-Xi chat, their first since November.KIRBY: He made it clear to President Xi that this was not about a ban of the application, but rather our interest in divestiture.DOOCY (voice over): The Biden campaign remains on TikTok as the Biden White House pledges to sign a house passed bill that limits it if the Democrat controlled Senate ever brings it for a vote.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We have said, we support that bill. We welcome that bill.DOOCY (voice over): The leaders also talked about fentanyl, artificial intelligence and Ukraine with Biden asking Xi to stop backing Russia's defense industrial base.GORDON CHANG, SENIOR FELLOW, GATESTONE INSTITUTE: We're starting to act like faciles (ph), sort of pleading with China to do the right thing or to act responsibly.DOOCY (voice over): At home, Biden world continues assailing Trump as a threat to democracy. Third Party candidate RFK Jr. thinks that's backwards.ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Listen, I can make the argument that President Biden has a much worse threat to democracy. He's weaponizing federal agencies.DOOCY (voice over): The Biden team is also condemning Trump's description of Biden immigration policy as a Biden border bloodbath.JEAN-PIERRE: We have to denounce any violent rhetoric that we hear, certainly from our leaders.DOOCY (voice over): But that word bloodbath was present during 2020s Democratic primaries during a private fundraiser.DOOCY: I'm reading a direct quote from Joe Biden, What we can't let happen is let this primary become a negative bloodbath.JEAN-PIERRE: He's talking about -- he was talking about a group of people, a group of people. That's what he's talking about.What the president was talking about during the primary was not to allow it to be the words and the primary and that election to become negative. Two different -- two different things. They're not the same.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): The Biden White House is not taking the bait. Donald Trump wants the number one issue of this election cycle to be the border but for the rest of this week, they're telling us President Biden plans to talk instead about lowering health care costs and about rebuilding Baltimore's Key Bridge instead, Bret.BAIER: Hi, Peter, what is Hunter Biden's team saying about the judge's decision not to dismiss the tax charges case in California?DOOCY: Bret, they're going to keep going. Hunter's legal team says they are going to continue challenging what they call the abnormal way that special counsel handled this investigation and charged this case but the Hunter Biden team went zero for eight in motions to dismiss the tax charges. So, this case is heading for jury selection tentatively as soon as June 20th. Back to you.BAIER: Peter Doocy live on the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.As former President Trump attacks the current administration over the border, Fox has an exclusive first look at a new wire wall in Texas. It's being installed near the location of the last month's ambush and overrun of border agents along the Rio Grande.Correspondent Matt Finn is in El Paso, Texas tonight with the latest. Good evening, Matt.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Right now, we're just steps away from what's referred to as the border wall here in El Paso and as you could see right now, Texas is installing miles and miles of additional wire fencing here.And then, in front of that fencing on the Mexican side is row after row of wire. So, now, in order for a migrant to try to even approach our border wall, they have to first try to get through all that additional concertina wire.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)FINN (voice over): Texas is now replicating its controversial yet effective razor wall from Eagle Pass in El Paso. The sight of this violent migrant stampede on March 21st.Texas says soldiers had a clear a separate migrant surge in order to construct the new fencing, all part of Governor Abbott's ongoing statewide effort to stop illegal immigration.At least 222 migrants have now been arrested after ambushing U.S. troops in El Paso riot. Governor Abbott writing, ICE confirmed it is getting custody of all those charged with rushing the border and will start deportation proceedings.The most recent border patrol numbers obtained by Fox news show the El Paso sector led the country yesterday with 1120 migrant apprehensions, more than 800 single adults from Mexico and Venezuela. There were also 444 getaways in the El Paso sector yesterday.Some of those migrants end up here on the ground inside the El Paso International Airport, these migrants told Fox they're from Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador. And they're trying to catch flights to --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Chicago,FINN: Chicago.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Seattle.FINN: Chicago. And you're heading to Orlando?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Orlando.FINN (voice over): These particular migrants told us they received some help from private organizations but don't have enough money for their $900 flights.(END VIDEOTAPE)FINN (on camera): And Bret, as you can see behind me right now, Texas is in bolstering its border hour by hour. Here we see more fencing going up all day long, Bret.BAIER: Matt Finn live in El Paso, Texas. Matt, thanks. Let's get back to Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former President Donald Trump holding a rally there, we'll listen to him for just a bit.TRUMP: If you're watching at home and you haven't voted, go vote, go get out there, a lot of television back there. That's a lot of television. Fake News.Go vote, make sure you vote. Yes on ballot questions one and two. Do you know what that is? That's ban Zucker (ph) bucks, ban Zucker bucks.They put up money, they come out with these ballot boxes. One guy gets 3,000 votes in a good area for us and the other one gets zero. You know who get zero? Me. You think that's a real deal? No.You know, we won this state. We won the state by a lot and it came out that we won the state actually. You know, when you have open borders, think of it.That's all right.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.TRUMP: All right. There's one guy. Now, here's what the fake news will do. There was tremendous dissension tonight, there was one guy going home to mom, he's going to get the hell beat out of it by his mother. Mom's going to say what the hell are you doing, you embarrassed me. You embarrassed me.Now, the papers, the fake news will say it was a tremendous dissension. Tremendous. Yes, one guy and he's now scared stiff, because he's got to go home to his mother. The mother will say, we -- I saw you in television. You embarrassed me, beat beat (ph).With your support, we're going to win the Wisconsin Republican primary in a landslide that will be in a few hours. And November 5th, we are going to win this state, we're going to win the White House and we are going to save our country. We're going to save our country.And what the hell was Biden thinking when he declared Easter Sunday to be Trans Visibility Day. Such total disrespect to Christians. And November 5th it's going to be called something else, you know what it's going to be called? Christian visibility day when Christians turnout in numbers that nobody has ever seen before. Let's call it Christian Visibility Day, all right?I've just come from Grand Rapids, Michigan where I was proud to receive the endorsement of the Police Officers Association of the entire state of Michigan. He says thousands and thousands of officers and they said it was unanimous. I said, wait a minute, there wasn't one? There wasn't one negative vote. That's pretty cool.I also met with local law enforcement leaders whose communities are being crushed by Biden migrant crime, you know, we have a new category of crime. It's called migrant crime. It was brought to you by the worst president in the history of our country, Joe Biden, sometimes referred to as crooked Joe Biden. He's crooked as a $300 bill.In Venezuela crime is down, I'm sure you're going to be very happy to hear this. Crime is down in Venezuela by 67 percent. Because they're taking their gangs and their criminals and depositing them very nicely into the United States. Aren't you happy?Think of it, who goes down 67 percent? They went down. Look at his man, I call him the wall. He's got the nicest suit. I want to get one of those suits. We built that ladder wall. We have the best numbers ever. We're going to put them up here. I think we're going to put them up pretty soon. You're going to see --BAIER: Former President Trump meeting with voters there, Green Bay, Wisconsin holding a rally. He referred to that guy wearing a suit that is like a wall. He's been at a number of different rallies around the country.The former president won Wisconsin by 23,000 votes in 2016. However, he lost Wisconsin, by 20,682 votes in 2020. We'll continue to monitor this for news, it is streaming on Fox Nation as we look at the former president in Green Bay, Wisconsin.The World Central Kitchen charity says an Israeli airstrike has killed seven of its workers including a Us citizen. The White House is expressing outrage as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu promises an investigation.The region remains on edge tonight as Iran is vowing retribution for the attack that killed two senior military leaders.Correspond Trey Yingst is in Tel Aviv with the latest tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Protesters in the streets of Tehran chant Death to America as they burn U.S. and Israeli flags. The demonstrations erupting after a suspected Israeli strike Monday killed two top Iranian generals in Syria.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): I believe that Iran should respond strongly as Israel's continued actions, not only pose more dangers to Iran.YINGST: (voice over): Iranian leadership has vowed to strike back against Israel, with the country's Supreme Leader saying on X, "We will make the Zionist regret this crime of attacking the Iranian consulate in Syria and other crimes like this, by God's power and strength.Israeli forces remain on high alert across the northern front, concern that Iran could retaliate using Hezbollah, its largest proxy in the region. On the southern front, the Israelis are reviewing strikes overnight that killed seven employees from the World Central Kitchen, one of them an American citizen. After Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was released from the hospital following a hernia surgery, he promised an investigation into the incident.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (through translator): We are checking thoroughly. We are in contact with the governments and we will do everything to prevent this from happening again.YINGST (voice over): The event will affect the amount of aid making it to Palestinian civilians. 240 tons of supplies were set to be delivered to Gaza by sea this afternoon. But have since been turned around to Cyprus, following the tragedy as aid groups worry about the safety of their staff.REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: We were outraged to learn of an IDF strike that killed a number of civilian humanitarian workers yesterday from the World Central Kitchen, which has been relentless and working to get food to those who are hungry in Gaza and quite frankly around the world.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): The World Central Kitchen is temporarily suspending its operations in the region following that deadly incident overnight. Bret.BAIER: Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv. Trey, thanks.Up next, police in one major U.S. city go after migrant squatters. We'll bring you that.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Google has agreed to purge billions of records containing personal information collected from more than 136 million people in the U.S. surfing the internet through its Chrome web browser.The move comes as part of a settlement in the lawsuit accusing the search giant of illegal surveillance. Google is not paying consumers any money in this case, but estimates made in court records pegged the value of the privacy controls and up to $7.8 billion.Stocks plunged today as bond yields climbed, as investors continue to weigh the interest rate outlook and what could come ahead. The Dow lost 397 today. The S&P 500 was off 38. The NASDAQ fell 156.Now, a fox weather alert, millions of Americans are under severe weather advisories tonight. Tornadoes could pop up across parts of Ohio, Northern and Central Kentucky, and southeastern Indiana. Some of those areas were already hit by severe storms this morning causing injuries and damage.In the northeast, an early spring storm could blast residents with heavy wet snow. Yes, snow along with drenching rains and high winds.Several migrants who were in a Bronx building illegally were taken into custody. Several are already out. The squatters are facing a variety of charges tonight. And we are learning more about those suspects. Correspondent Bryan Llenas is in New York this evening with the latest. Good evening, Bryan.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.The NYPD arrested eight migrants believed to be squatters in a basement in the Bronx, where they allegedly stashed illegal guns and drugs. The eight migrants many from Venezuela had been charged with multiple weapons, drugs and child endangerment charges, because there was a 7-year-old president at the basement at the time.And tonight, we are learning six of the eight migrant squatters are free, back out onto the streets without bail, including one who was walking around with an open gun indictment against it.That is according to NYPD Chief of Patrol John Chell, who told a local news outlet another migrant has an open case against him for attempted murder.This all began when police arrived at the Bronx home responding to a 911 call for a person with a firearm. Police say they chased 24-year-old Hector Desousa-Villalta into the home's basement, where they allege another migrant tried to run away with a firearm.When police searched the basement, they found two additional guns and two bags of drugs with ketamine and cocaine. The building owner reportedly told police he did not know any of the eight migrants living in the basement. A neighbor says, they were squatters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALFRED MUNOZ, NEIGHBOR: There were a lot of people. A lot of young people, a lot of motorcycles. You know, at one point, you know, there were seven or eight motorcycles parked in the back.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: The story is indicative of three major issues in New York City and beyond. The nearly 200,000 migrants who have come into the city since 2022, a push to strengthen anti squatter laws, and the ongoing criticism of bail laws that allow for repeat offenders to be arrested and released over and over again. Bret.BAIER: Bryan, thank you. Up next, the rich-kid's gang in one major American city accused of murder. We will bring you there.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.Fox13 in Portland as Oregon's governor rolls back the state's first in the nation drug decriminalization law. legislators passed the measure in March to reinstate criminal penalties for possessing small amounts of drugs. The changes take effect September 1st.And this is a live look at Orlando from Fox 35. Our affiliate down there.One of the big stories there tonight. A ticket worth $1 million sold in the city for last night's Powerball drawing. It was one of six such tickets nationwide. No one matched all the numbers so the $1 billion jackpot rolls over to Wednesday's drawing.That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from Special Report. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Former Trump election lawyer John Eastman has been disbarred by the state of California. The state bar recommended that move last week. Eastman was accused of helping former President Trump dispute the 2020 election results. Eastman has been indicted in federal courts in Washington and Atlanta.Seven members of a suburban Phoenix teen gang named in multiple random violent attacks over the past year are facing charges tonight in the murder of a 16-year-old. This evening, we have some of the 2,000 pieces of digital evidence assembled by prosecutors there. Here's national correspondents William La Jeunesse.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We would enter a not guilty plea.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Police call them the Gilbert Goons, named after the wealthy Phoenix suburb of Gilbert, Arizona. Last month one teen after another appeared in court, accused of killing 16- year-old Preston Lord who prosecutors say died of brain injuries after the gang attacked him at a party. Two of the seven are under 18, but all are charged as adults.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There has got to be at least 250 kids here. They are walking the streets. These kids are going to hit each other. Someone is going to get hurt.LA JEUNESSE: Police say the gang targeted victims at fast food outlets, parking lots, and parties, leaving them with skull fractures, broken bones, and missing teeth. The Goons allegedly attacked Lord after he accused them of stealing a friend's $10 gold chain. He died later in a hospital.MELISSA CICONTE, STEPMOTHER: The manner in which his life ended is heartbreaking to us.LA JEUNESSE: Talan Renner threw the first punch police say, messaging on Snapchat, "I accidently killed a kid. I guess I'm just too strong." And according to the police report, another member, Talyn Vigil, messaged, "I hit a kid and he fell. The kid died."RACHEL MITCHELL, (R) MARICOPA COUNTY, ARIZONA, ATTORNEY: Let me be very clear, this investigation and review are not over.LA JEUNESSE: Prosecutors also say Renner's parents sent their son out of town to hide his injuries. Another couple wanted in on $10,000 and reward money by turning in some members while protecting their own son.RANDY BRICE, QUEEN CREEK, ARIZONA, POLICE CHIEF: We're looking at all aspects of this investigation to see if there are any charges that we can bring against people that have either tampered with witnesses or obstruction.(END VIDEO TAPE)LA JEUNESSE: The Gilbert Goons go on trial later this year. The evidence against them includes a 1,200-page police report, numerous witness accounts, some 600 videos, and in some cases incriminating digital admissions from the suspects themselves. Bret?BAIER: William, thank you.Russian authorities say Ukrainian drones have attacked one of the country's biggest oil refineries and a drone factory inside Russia. It appears to be Kyiv's deepest strike inside Russian territory since the war began more than two years ago. Officials say 12 people were injured. Ukraine has increased attacks inside Russia in recent months.A new law against hate crime speech is now in effect in Scotland. It is hugely controversial. Author J.K. Rowling of "Harry Potter" fame is daring police to arrest her for criticizing transgender ideology. Senior foreign affairs correspondent Greg Palkot shows us tonight from London.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you witness a hate crime, report it.GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: Scotland has a new hate crime law that's one of the most sweeping around. It aims to tackle harm caused by hatred and prejudice, threatening a police investigation, fines, and jailtime, even if something is only said or posted regarding personal characteristics like age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, transgender identity. Scotland's first minister thinks it's necessary.HUMZA YOUSAF, SCOTTISH PRIME MINISTER: There's a rising tide of hatred against people because of their protected characteristics.PALKOT: But others think it's a major challenge to freedom of speech, especially on those hot button gender issues.SUSAN SMITH, FOR WOMEN, SCOTLAND: During the past there were a lot of arguments about freedom of speech.PALKOT: While Scotland is a part of Britain, it has autonomy. U.K. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is worried.RISHI SUNAK, UNITED KINGDOME PRIME MINISTER: We should not be criminalizing people saying commonsense things about biological sex. Clearly, that isn't right. We have a proud tradition of free speech.PALKOT: Police in Scotland are concerned, too. Officials say it could pull them away from crime fighting duties. Scottish resident and author J.K. Rowling dared the police to arrest her, posting strong opinions on transgender issues. While officials confirmed to FOX they'd received complaints, they were not assessed to be criminal. In a post late today, Rowling sounding somewhat vindicated, writing, "I hope every woman in Scotland who wishes to speak up for the reality and importance of biological sex will be reassured by this announcement. And I trust that all women, irrespective of profile or financial means, will be treated equally under the law."(END VIDEO TAPE)PALKOT (on camera): Many critics say Rowling's case is a sign of the slippery slope Scotland's new hate crime law could be leading towards with more confusion and issues ahead. Bret?BAIER: Greg Palkot in London. Greg, thanks.Up next, the panel on the presidential campaign and the return of Candidate Casino, a different version.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. At least 29 people are dead after a fire at an Istanbul nightclub. Officials say the facility was undergoing renovations. Several people, including managers of the club, have been detained for questioning.A 12-year-old student accused of opening fire at a secondary school in southern Finland is in custody tonight. Police say one person was killed, two others seriously wounded. The suspect was arrested in Helsinki area with a handgun in his possession, a rare event there.And this is a live look at Niagara Falls from Canada's side from Earth Cam. One of the big stories there tonight, much of North America bracing for the upcoming total solar eclipse. Tourist hotspots preparing for an influx of visitors. Niagara Falls, Canada, is bracing for its biggest visitor day ever. Monday's eclipse will first be seen along Mexico's Pacific coast, then Texas and 14 other U.S. states before appearing over Canada.Just some of the other stories beyond our borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: -- it's called statute of limitations. The appellate division ruled in my favor.BAIER: Former President Trump in Green Bay, Wisconsin, talking about his legal woes. Listen for a few more seconds here.TRUMP: -- so the appellate division said you won the case, that's it. And the judge said, I don't accept it. He is called a rogue judge. He is a rogue judge. He's a fake judge. I'm not the threat to democracy. The Joe Biden and the fascists that control him, and they do control him, are the real threat to democracy, because it's not Joe. I really don't believe it's Joe. I think it's people that surround him in that beautiful Oval Office, the Resolute Desk. Can you imagine him sitting at the Resolute Desk? What a great desk.All of this persecution is only happening because I'm running for president and I'm leading very big in all the polls. If I wasn't leading or if I was like -- or if I didn't run. If I didn't run, none of this stuff would be happening. If I was in fourth place like all the other candidates -- how did the other candidates do?BAIER: Former President Trump in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Again, this speech is streaming live on FOX Nation. He is about 37 minutes into this rally in Wisconsin, a key state that he needs to win, he lost in 2020 and won in 2016. He has been on the trail, obviously, earlier, went into Michigan. And you can see that today Michigan, Wisconsin, March 9th, he was in Georgia. And he is going to be making more stops.The RCP average, Real Clear Politics average, has a slight lead right now in the recent polls, the average of recent polls, for the former President Trump. But if you look at the lead that he has over the president, President Biden in battleground states, according to the average of polls, it is significant in some of these states that really matter along the way -- Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania -- obviously Pennsylvania very tight, Wisconsin tight as well.And with that, let's bring in our panel, Ben Domenech, editor at large for "The Spectator," host of "The Ben Domenech Podcast" on FOX News Radio Ben Domenech, Katie Pavlich, news editor at Townhall.com, and FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams.Ben, you heard the president, the former president there, talking about his legal troubles, and he has now cast that as President Biden and his Justice Department coming after him because he is leading in the polls. Is that going to inoculate him from some of the legal things that we're going to see him in these courtrooms?BEN DOMENECH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think it has inoculated him to this point, Bret. And I think that he has done a very effective job of messaging around all of this. Democrats, I think, had this fiction in their minds that somehow they were going to be able to bring Donald Trump down in some way before the general election really took off, that they would make him toxic to a degree with independent voters, in particular, really kind of shrink the portion that he appealed to down to its core of Republican voters.That simply hasn't been the case. Part of that is, of course, due to other factors, other issues that are at play here, and, frankly, the fecklessness of this White House when it comes to major issues, not just the economy but obviously immigration and more. And I think this is only going to be -- continue to be the narrative of this campaign going forward. As long as Donald Trump is able to escape really the kind of convictions that you could have seen him run into as a major problem prior to November, I think that he is going to be someone who is simply not going to have that type of poison effect, that poison pill that a lot of Democrats hoped he would be carrying into November, something that would turn him off to a lot of independent voters.BAIER: Juan, one of the things that turned off the White House, the Biden campaign, is the use of one word by the former president. He used it again today in Michigan. I'm going to play that soundbite and then go to the White House and the back and forth.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Under crooked Joe Biden, every state is now a border state, every town is now a border town. I stand before you today to declare that Joe Biden's border bloodbath -- and that's what it is. It's a bloodbath.DOOCY: When Donald Trump is talking about a bloodbath, it is violent rhetoric. What was it when Joe Biden said in 2020 what we can't let happen is let this primary become a negative bloodbath.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: You should read what he said in its context. Context --DOOCY: Again, "bloodbath" is an ugly word when Trump uses it. What is it when Biden uses it?JEAN-PIERRE: No, no, no. Let's be very clear. You've got to actually ask me the question in context of what it was said, right?(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: That went round and round a couple times, Juan. What do you make of this use of "bloodbath"?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: I think in the first case, I think that it was former President Trump talking about the auto industry. And there's a lot of concern, and we have seen it recently expressed in terms of federal judges and the current judge about Trump's rhetoric posing a threat to them, their families, et cetera. So there's a lot of concern about his use of violent language, even violent images over the weekend when he had Biden tied up in the back of a truck.But, in this case, initially, I think it was the case that he said he was talking about the consequence to the auto industry if he lost. Today, again, he uses this word "bloodbath", but he is talking about a bloodbath, and here it's stirring up anger and fear, but it's not necessarily directed at anybody. He is not saying prospectively there will be a bloodbath. He is saying that he believe there is a bloodbath now.We have seen this in the past. He uses immigration and connects border problems and chaos to crime in this country. I don't think there is any justification, but it clearly works in terms of stirring up his base. The White House fires back and says you stopped the border deal, a bipartisan border deal, and if you care about it, you would have helped us to solve the problem.But the former president clearly wants this issue. Democrats, on the other hand, are fired up about abortion and the things that have been going on in Florida. Now it will be on the Florida ballot, Bret. And so I think you are seeing a culture war conflict, putting the "bloodbath" word aside.BAIER: Yes. Katie, "The Hill" says, "Is a Biden comeback quietly underway? Since his State of the Union speech, President Joe Biden has seen a marked reversal of his fortunes. Biden's numbers are improving, albeit slowly, while Trump's are flat or declining nationally and in independent swing states." There is a pep in the step of the Biden campaign, even though he is facing big challenges in immigration and foreign policy hotspots.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, certainly. The polls will get closer as the election gets closer as well. People start paying attention. We have a long way to go in terms of political time here. But Joe Biden has a machine behind him, and Democrats are always very confident they can win elections because they know how to early vote, know how to mail-in ballot voting. And so that's why you see the RNC trying to catch up when it comes to those kind of systems they can take advantage of to get votes banked ahead of time before Election Day.BAIER: OK, panel, stand by. We're going to take a trip down to the Candidate Casino. But we're going to do it after the break. And this is a nice tease to what's coming up after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: The first quality has to be somebody that you think will be a good president. Because, if something should happen, you have to have somebody that's going to be a great president. A lot of people are talking about that gentleman right over there.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Tim Scott, he has been much better for me than he was for himself.The one thing that always surprises me is that the V.P. choice has absolutely no impact. It's whoever the president is.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, now we are going to take a trip down to Candidate Casino. And we just like to see the roulette wheel and hear the ball going around. But it's a different kind of candidate casino this time. It is the vice presidential pick for former President Trump. You have $100 in chips. You've got to put it on the table. Ben, we'll start with you.DOMENECH: I will go in reverse order here. I think $5 for Tim Scott, who I think will be a very good pick, $20 for J.D. Vance would be very in keeping in Trump's current mentality, and then $75 I'm putting on the dark horse with the silver streak in this race, Tulsi Gabbard, who I think would be very much in keeping with Trump's current attitude of having a vice president who he can trust, and he doesn't really care about anybody else's opinion.BAIER: Very interesting. Obviously, she has and on this network, Democrat from Hawaii. Katie?PAVLICH: Last time I played Candidate Casino I got some interesting text messages. So I'm going to go $50 on Senator Marco Rubio, $20 on former secretary of state Mike Pompeo, $20 on Elise Stefanik, congresswoman from New York, and $10 on South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem.BAIER: Were those text messages with source information? Is this an informed bet?(LAUGHTER)PAVLICH: Maybe some background information about maybe some of the choices I made.BAIER: Some of your choices.OK, Juan, $100 in chips.WILLIAMS: I'm joining the Ben parade here, because last time I didn't even have her on the table, but this time I've got $50 on Tulsi Gabbard, a disaffected Democrat, a woman who performs well on TV. I think she might be the choice. So I put $40 -- I say $40, not $50, but $40 on her. And then I'm going to put another 30 on Elise Stefanik because she was my top candidate last time. I still think she's a strong choice. Marco Rubio, another good choice, $15. Tim Scott in at $10, and Kristi Noem remains in the race at $5.BAIER: OK, we're going to save these bets. We'll see how that goes.OK, today, President Biden had a call with Chinese President Xi Jinping. A lot of things talked about, TikTok among them. Ben, anything coming from this, significant since the first call since November?DOMENECH: Look, I think that Xi Jinping, we have to understand we have a very real need as a country to balance against the interests of China in the region. We know that they are more and more building up toward that day, that moment that they decide to pull the trigger and go after Taiwan. So we need to make sure that that day never comes.I think that Joe Biden needs to do a lot more work when it comes to Capitol Hill, when it comes to building up Taiwan and then preventing the kind of mistake that was made under his administration when it came to Ukraine of not building up ahead of time and preventing the kind of war, the kind of conflict that we all believe is a very real possibility.BAIER: Meantime, a lot of outrage, apparently, Katie, at the White House about the IDF strike that killed a number of civilian humanitarian workers, including World Central Kitchen. Thoughts about that?PAVLICH: Look, war is hell, and those aid workers would be live today if Hamas didn't start a war on October 7th. It's unfortunate. The Israelis have said they are investigating what has happened here, but according to experts, Israel has prosecuted this war in the most safe way they can for civilians given the urban warfare environment they are in so far. You had John Kirby today at the White House also saying the State Department has been watching this for five months and has found no violation of international humanitarian law. So it's a tragedy. It's a shame. But they would be alive if Hamas didn't start the war.BAIER: And very quickly, Jake Sullivan to meet with MBS, the Crown Prince in Saudi Arabia. "Axios," "With the war in Gaza ongoing, the U.S. presidential election just seven months away, White house officials admit there's a slim chance they can pull off the historic peace agreement. Sullivan's trip shows President Biden still determined to pursue it." Juan, I'm going to get you to comment that on some other time.But thanks a lot, panel. I appreciate it.It is time forever "Tuesday Xtras." First up, Andrea asks, "What is your favorite phase in the election cycle every four years?" To be honest with you, it's at the very beginning. The New Hampshire, the Iowa caucuses, New Hampshire primary, anything is possible. And it's going to diners and listening to people. That's a really exciting phase of the four years.Next up, Braxton wonders "Who is the most underrated or overlooked POTUS," President of the United States, "in history? What quality or accomplishment do you admire most about him?" I have written books about presidents and an overrated -- underrated, rather, president was President Grant who really held the country together. And "To Rescue the Republic" is the book about that. And he had an amazing quality to bring people together in really tumultuous times.Finally, Brian says "How do you get people for your common ground segment every week? It seems as though all we hear are partisan issues and viewpoints. More Americans should see people work across the aisle." We couldn't agree more. We try to get more and more people. In fact, I just talked to bipartisan Senate press secretaries the other day on Capitol Hill, trying to get their bosses to come on the show, and a lot of them said they would. So that's always a good thing.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, federal judges hear arguments over the constitutionality of the Texas law allowing the state to arrest illegal immigrants crossing the border from Mexico. We'll bring you that.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.