CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Let the market dictate what the purchases are going to be. This is crazy.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, yes.All right, Clay, the market is speaking. They can't get rid of these things.Clay, thank you. We're still awaiting that news conference from the NTSB on the deadly bridge collapse in Baltimore. Stay with us.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Fox News Alert: In just a few moments, federal officials will hold a press conference on the cargo ship that destroyed the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore. We expect them to reveal the contents of the ship's black box, which should tell us exactly how this disaster happened.Earlier today, divers recovered the bodies of two construction workers found 25 feet deep in the water trapped inside of a red pickup truck.We are also finding out there are 56 containers full of hazardous materials on the ship.Senior national correspondent Kevin Corke joins me now.Kevin, what do we expect?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Jesse, we're going to get an update from the NTSB at any moment now. Of course, we'll bring you that as soon as we can.In the meantime, we do know tonight that data captured moments before the container ship struck the Francis Scott Key Bridge has in fact been secured by the National Transportation Safety Board, and it is in fact being analyzed by federal labs tonight.Now, you may know this, large ships, Jesse, are required by international relations or regulations that is, to carry voyage data recorders, you know similar to what we would talk about on an aircraft, what we would describe as a black box. What they're supposed to do was help investigators piece together key decisions and actions taken.Now, if the equipment works properly, obviously, we hope that's the case, the data itself, Jesse can then be verified and it can provide information that sort of serves as a, I guess, you'd say a roadmap.It will talk about what the crew was doing leading up to a casualty event like the one that happened overnight on Tuesday morning. And don't forget, data items captured by recorders can include a number of different elements. We're talking about the ship's position, its speed, its direction, the audio in workstations, communications audio, you know, radar, the depth of the water beneath the vessels and so on.It will also tell us what alarms may or may not have gone off. We'll also learn a lot more about the wind speed, even the electronic logbook.Now, this is important, in this case, this box could provide details about conversations between the pilot and the crew members, the ship's movement and even potentially that made a signal, and you probably heard this. In fact, I know you did yesterday that officials say really helped prevent even more casualties on the Key Bridge itself.Apparently, that gave police at least a little bit of time to close the bridge to drivers. Although, the video I saw certainly looked like there were more vehicles on that bridge than just the six construction workers that we've been hearing a great deal about. We'll keep an eye on that part of the story.And do keep this in mind, Jesse, the local pilot, again, local pilot was on board to guide the ship through the harbor, which is why there frankly are so many questions tonight about what happened and why -- Jesse.WATTERS: And so we're also learning they did find two construction workers trapped in a pickup truck.CORKE: Yes.WATTERS: At the bottom of this bay here. What do we know about that?CORKE: That is correct.We actually heard a report late last night actually just about before midnight, that perhaps one person had been found. Now, that initial report was backed off almost immediately and I can understand why because there are notifications that need to go out.But we do understand that today, and we will likely hear more about this in the conversation, Jesse, that could be happening any moment from now that yes, we are talking about at least two individuals that were apparently inside of a pickup truck found some 25 feet below the water.By the way, if you've ever been on that waterway, and I have been over it many, many times, we are talking about massive. The span, just to give you an idea, the span is humongous. We're talking about 700 feet, Jesse, from the pylon to the shore on either side, and a span in between those two big pylons of about 1,300 feet.Now for perspective, a cargo ship is only about 182 feet wide. So you would imagine if you're taking the most direct nautical pathway, which is beneath the highest point of the bridge out into open water, it begs the question why were you listing if you will or fading to the right by several hundred feet? That will be among the many questions that people will ask.I can also tell you this, this cargo vessel you mentioned it may have had a number of hazardous materials on board. A lot of people see a cargo ship like this, Jesse, and they immediately go to cars. They go to autos. Autos that are going overseas, autos that are coming back domestically. We see this sort of transport often in waterways like this.But when you're talking about potentially hazardous material, and you're talking about pieces of a bridge in that waterway, there is a massive amount of work that has to happen before we can even think about not just recovery, but also rebuilding -- Jesse.WATTERS: Yes, and we don't have any idea how long that's going to take and if you add an environmental catastrophe on top of this, I mean, I'm just thinking it's just such an economic disaster for a busy port like this on the East Coast.Please, Kevin, stick around, we are going to be right back with you possibly after this press conference.Now, let's bring in former FEMA coordinator, Mark Neveau, who joins us now.Mark, tell me a little bit about the details we should expect?MARK NEVEAU, FORMER FEMA COORDINATOR: Well, we're hoping to find out a lot of the information that Kevin just talked about. But what I'm anxious to see, too, also is what -- how they compare the findings of this black box, if you will, voice data recorder to what they had in June when the same ship had problems. Is there a recurring problem? And where were they in particular? Was it malfunction in terms of mechanical? Or is there something else going on here that we just don't know about?WATTERS: So we could have anything from mechanical failure, human error? Are you ruling out sabotage?NEVEAU: I think based on what we seen of recent and we can talk about those recent events if you want, Jesse, but it raises some alarm for me with regards to cyber hacking and cyber security.And the reason for that is because of what's taken place within the last probably four months, the different events, the notification by the intelligence chiefs from the five countries, the FBI director raising some alarm. We know that the cyber infrastructure security and the FEMA heads were in Long Beach Harbor -- what -- four months ago talking about port security.So I'm hoping that this is all mechanical or human error. There isn't something else more sinister, but I think they've got to rule that out in this process, too, given what we have seen of recent.WATTERS: Yes, we'd like to hear some definitive answers about that, and we were just speculating how long as a FEMA guy, do you expect this to take to clean up?NEVEAU: Well, this is going to be years in terms of recovery, and it is going to be broken in stages. Now, the Coast Guard has got the legal authority to really start driving this, and certainly the president said they're going to pay for the rebuilding of the bridge.The challenge is going to be, you've got to get in there and certainly want to take care of the folks who, you know, we haven't been able to find yet, that's very, very important in terms of closure for the family.But once they do that, they've got to get underneath that water, break all of that debris up, whether it's the steel structure from the bridge, or the concrete or the containers that are down there. They've got to raise that up, they've got to be able to salvage and they have to do that without damaging those 54 hazardous materials cargo containers.WATTERS: Yes, I mean, that is very delicate excavation of all of this and thank you so much.For now, we are going to get to the NTSB giving us a report about what happened.JENNIFER HOMENDY, NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD CHAIR: As I mentioned, we arrived on scene yesterday at about 6:00 AM, but the team came in from across the country throughout the day, it was really a day to get our bearings.We set up our Family Assistance Program and also began to develop our investigative plan and request documents that we need in order to conduct our investigation.Today is really the first fold investigative day on scene. We were able to board the vessel. I boarded the vessel around noon, along with our Marine Safety Team and our Highway Safety Team and I can talk about that in just a bit, but I want to take a moment before I discuss some of the factual information we've been able to identify and speak to the families.On behalf of the National Transportation Safety Board, I just want to extend our deepest, deepest condolences. You are in our thoughts and prayers as the days, months, years ahead go forward, certainly, we are focused on you.Our entire mission is to save lives and our aim is to prevent this from reoccurring and we are so, so very sorry for all that you are going through. It's unimaginable, and truly, we think about you throughout this investigation.So as I mentioned yesterday, for those who may not be familiar, the National Transportation Safety Board is an independent federal agency. We are charged by Congress with investigating every civil aviation accident in the United States and significant events in all modes of transportation. That includes bridge collapses, and it includes marine accidents and incidents.Our mission is to determine why something happened, how it happened, and to prevent it from reoccurring, again to save lives.I want to talk a little bit about how we conduct an investigation, but I think it's really important for folks to understand that we will not analyze any of the information we are collecting. We will not provide any sort of findings, conclusions, or any safety recommendations while on scene.Our entire focus on scene is to collect the perishable evidence, that's documenting the scene, it is taking photographs, it is taking any sort of electronics or components, whatever goes away once the scene is cleaned up. We need to collect that information for our investigation.When it comes to digging through inspections, maintenance records, that can be done when we leave. Right now, it is focused on the scene itself.So to conduct our investigation, we work with parties to the investigation, parties to the investigation provide us technical information. This is factual information that we use as part of our fact finding.So if we need bridge inspection data, we would ask say the Federal Highway Administration, or information about Coast Guard inspections, we would ask the Coast Guard.So parties to the investigation are the United States Coast Guard, Maryland Transportation Authority, the Association of Maryland Pilots, and we've invited Grace Ocean Private Limited, and Synergy Marine Private Limited. Grace Ocean is the owner of the vessel, and Synergy is the operator of the vessel.Again, these parties are part of the factfinding. They do not conduct analysis with the NTSB. The NTSB does that independently on its own, and then we do our own findings, our own probable cause, and our own safety recommendations.Now in order to effectively carry out an investigation, we have experts throughout the NTSB in different areas. And so we break up our investigation into groups. Those groups focus on their particular areas of expertise.In this safety investigation, we have a Nautical Operations Group. This group gathers evidence to document the actions taken by the vessel, the procedures for the safe operation of the vessel, company oversight, waterway management, safety management, and regulatory oversight.That group would and has collected and has asked for information on say duty records, licensing, training. They requested the crew list, so we were able to confirm that there were 21 crew members onboard the vessel at the time of this accident, plus two pilots. That's 21 crew members, plus two pilots for a total of 23 individuals onboard the vessel at the time of the accident.They also were able to obtain the cargo manifest. Now the cargo manifest, we did bring in one of NTSB's senior hazmat investigators today to begin to look at the cargo and the cargo manifest. He was able to identify 56 containers of hazardous materials, that's 764 tons of hazardous materials, mostly corrosives, flammables, and some miscellaneous hazardous materials, Class 9 hazardous materials which would include lithium ion batteries.Some of the hazmat containers were breached. We have seen shear on -- or sheen sorry -- sheen on the waterway, the federal, state, and local authorities are aware of that and they will be in charge of addressing those issues, but the NTSB, as part of our safety investigation documents that type of release, documents the damage, and documents the type of materials involved as part of our investigation.We also have an engineering group, which gathers evidence to document the design and operation of engineering systems, including the vessel propulsion, steering, and power.The operations and engineering group was able to board the vessel last night, and they did a walkthrough of the vessel including the bridge and the engine room. They were looking for other electronic components, any sort of downloadable recorders, any sort of cameras, any sort of CCTV. They did not find any of those things, but that search continues.They've also requested document -- a number of documents, including maintenance and inspection history, and are -- as we speak, conducting interviews on board the vessel. Those interviews began at 1:00 PM this afternoon, and those are with the crew members on board the vessel.And then again, I mentioned we did board again today at one o'clock. That was the -- and pretty much the entire team, me, plus Office of Highway Safety, Office of Marine Safety, Member Brown, and looked at the damage. We were able to take a look at pier protection. We looked at some of the damage to the containers, and certainly the bridge structure.Now, we have a recorders group, which is responsible for locating, retrieving, and downloading any recorder or recorded information that may relate to the accident. We do have the voyage data recorder. They worked on that all day to validate that information. They also have a printout of the alarms. That's the log. They still have to go back and look at that and validate that information at a later time.In addition to that, our Survival Factors Group interviewed or discussed with the Maryland Transportation Authority Police the timeline of events that occurred around the time of the bridge strike, though that's two sets of information, we're putting together in a timeline that we will release through our social media channels. But for right now, I'm going Marcel to go through the voyage data recorder information that we have to share with you as well as some of the information that we gathered from the police.MARCEL MUISE, NTSB MARINE ACCIDENT INVESTIGATOR: Thank you, Chair.Information from the Dali's voyage data recorder or what we call a VDR was successfully recovered on the morning of the accident by the US Coast Guard. It was provided to the NTSB upon our arrival.Approximately six hours of VDR data was provided to the NTSB. The recording included the time period from midnight to 6:00 AM. By regulation, the VDR is required to record 30 days of history, and the NTSB is continuing to obtain more data.The times expressed below as recorded by the VDR and converted to local Eastern Daylight Time. All information is preliminary and subject to final validation.The VDR data is comprised of audio from the ship's bridge, as well as recordings from the ship's VHF or very high frequency radios. The quality of that audio varies wildly because of the high levels of background noise and alarms.Additional analysis will be performed at the NTSB's lab to filter out the audio and improve its quality, and usually, the VDR recorded limited sensor data. An example of that data recorded includes the ship's speed, as your RPM, ship's heading, and rudder angle, as well as some alarm information. NTSB engineers are working to identify and validate all of that data.The VDR recorded the ship's departure from Siegert Marine Terminal at approximately 12:39. It recorded the ship's transit outbound in the Fort McHenry Channel and the striking of the Francis Scott Key Bridge.By 1:07, the ship had entered the channel and by 1:24, the ship was underway on a true heading of approximately 1:41. In the Fort McHenry Channel at a speed of overground of approximately eight knots, or 9.2 miles per hour.At 0124 and 59 seconds, numerous audible alarms were recorded on the ship's audio -- bridge audio, about the same time, VDR sensor data ceased recording, but while the VDR audio continued to record using the redundant power source, at around 0126 and two seconds, the VDR resumed recording sensor data, and during this time, there were steering commands and rudder orders recorded on the audio.At around 0126 and 39 seconds, the ship's pilot made a general VHF radio call for tugs in the vicinity to assist. About this time, the Pilot Association dispatcher phoned the MDTA duty officer regarding the blackout.Around 0127 and four seconds, the pilot ordered the Dali to drop the port anchor and ordered additional steering commands. Around 0127 and 25 seconds, the pilot issued a radio call over the VHF radio reporting that the Dali had lost all power and was approaching the bridge.Around this time, MDTA data shows the following also occurred: Their duty officer radioed to their units that were already on scene due to construction on the bridge, one on each side of the bridge, in order for them to close traffic on the bridge. All lanes were then shut down by MDTA.Around 0129, the ship's speed over ground was recorded at just under seven knots, or eight miles per hour. From this moment until approximately 0129 and 33 seconds, the VDR audio recorded sounds consistent with the collision of the bridge. Additionally, around this time, MDTA dash cameras show the bridge lights extinguishing.Additional analysis of the VDR audio in comparison with other timed sources will be needed to determine the exact time of contact between the Dali and the bridge. At 0129 and 39 seconds, the pilot reported the bridge down over the VHF radio to the Coast Guard.The NTSB will later convene a group of technical experts to review the entire VDR recording and develop a detailed transcript of the dialogue and the event alarms as recorded.HOMENDY: A few areas that I just want to clarify, the data that we received from the Coast Guard, which was, they were able to obtain on the bridge by downloading the information from the VDR from midnight to 6:00 AM, that's a standard timeframe. They provide that immediately so we can see that time a timeframe around when the accident or incident occurred, knowing that we can go back and get the rest that there should be 30 days there.So this is the immediate information that they give us, but it's not -- I don't want anyone to think anyone -- anything was being held back. That's very standard information.I do want to thank the Coast Guard for that because it was pretty immediate, it was done right away, and then they provided us with a thumb drive that we were able to evaluate back at our lab at headquarters.And I'm sure you will have questions on that. I do want to also say, I've seen a lot of comparison as between the VDR and CVRs and FDRs or black boxes on commercial airliners.This is really a basic system. An FDR would give you a thousand parameters. That's not the. VDR is basic, it is a snapshot of the major systems on a vessel, and we have long wanted more recording, more parameters to be recorded on a VDR. So that's hopefully something that we can provide.And I'm happy to answer more questions about that timeline, but before I do, I want to continue with what our team has done.Our Survival Factors Group, their whole role is to examine the response. And so they were able to obtain dispatch logs from the Maryland Transportation Authority, the Baltimore County Fire Department, the Baltimore City Fire Department to begin to put together a timeline, and they will be conducting interviews tomorrow, including with a few people in the bridge area.Now, we also have from our Office of Highway Safety of Bridge Structures Group. Many know that the bridge was built in 1976. It has three spans, the main span is 1,200 feet. The entire bridge is 9,090 feet in length. The average annual daily traffic on the bridge is 30,767 vehicles per day -- 30,767 vehicles per day.The bridge is fracture critical. It's a fracture critical bridge. What that means is if a member fails, that would likely cause a portion of or the entire bridge to collapse. There's no redundancy.The preferred method for building bridges today is that there is redundancy built in, whether that's transmitting loads to another member, or some sort of structural redundancy. This bridge did not have redundancy.There are 17,468 fracture critical bridges in the United States out of 615,000 bridges total, and that comes from the Federal Highway Administration.This bridge was in satisfactory condition. The last fracture critical inspection was in May 2023. We have not been able to go through that inspection and all the documents, but that will occur after we leave the on-scene portion, but we've also requested all fracture critical routine and underwater inspections of the bridge over the last decade. Once we receive that, we will begin to go through all of those documents.We've also requested information on peer protection on all MDTA, that's Maryland Transportation Authority owned bridges. They have four bridges where we would have -- they would have information on peer protection and we are looking at that.Our Family Assistance Team continues to do their work and outreach to the families. They provide them with assistance immediately on scene, connect them with the resources that they need. But then we continue to work with the families throughout the course of the investigation leading up to the board meeting and many times for many years thereafter, where many work to get our safety recommendations implemented to improve safety.So with that, again, when it comes to analysis of any of the inspection records or the records that we are requesting, that's going to take place later. Right now, we are focused on obtaining information, getting the perishable evidence, conducting the interviews.So I will take questions, but I will call on you and one question at a time. Please provide your name and affiliation.SCOTT THUMAN, 7NEWS: Scott Thuman from ABC 7NEWS in Washington, DC.Question about your work here and the efforts you have to make for the recovery that you're trying to get regarding information, things that are perishable, and all the challenges on top of that with the girders, metal in the water, the difficulty --WATTERS: So that was the NTSB giving us a press conference describing that they boarded the ship today with all of the interested parties, collected and processed, the evidence and have determined that about over 700 tons of hazardous materials is now in that water.We are talking explosives, flammables, lithium batteries, and it's a huge problem. You can even see a sheen on the top of the water. Some of those hazardous containers have been pierced. Some of them are in the water, some of them are above water and that's a huge environmental concern.In terms of the black box that they recovered, the analysis was almost as what we saw. They depart from the port at about nine miles an hour. Immediately alarms start going off, then they lose power. When the power comes back on, they make a call out through the radio to describe what happened.Again, we have another little power blip. They come back on. They tell the people on the bridge, get everybody off. Stop. No more people entering the bridge. That was done. But unfortunately, they continued to just barrel through into this bridge, as she said was very vulnerable, and they hit it at about eight miles an hour and that's what we know and we're going to continue to bring you more as we learn it.Billionaire hip-hop mogul, Sean "Diddy" Combs had his Miami and LA homes turned upside down in an alleged sex trafficking raid conducted by Homeland Security. A producer's lawsuit accusing Diddy of being worse than Jeffrey Epstein.TMZ has footage of Diddy's LA house after the Feds ripped it apart. Drawers on the floor, safes cracked into, documents rifled through, electronics seized. TMZ reporting that agents zeroed in on Diddy's hard drives.Tonight, Diddy's whereabouts still unknown.His alleged drug mule, a former Syracuse basketball player was arrested at Miami Airport, and he's been accused of acquiring and distributing Diddy's drugs and guns. But how was this allowed to get so big and so bad?Diddy, one of the biggest names in the music business, three Grammys, a long list of Billboard hits and side ventures making him a billionaire.For two decades, Diddy was the Democrats' biggest Black celebrity influencer. In 2004, Diddy spearheaded the Vote or Die Movement at the DNC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEAN "DIDDY" COMBS, RAPPER: We are spreading a simple urgent message, Vote or Die. Yes, it's that serious.They used to joke around about us about saying we were disenfranchised, we were too lazy to vote. On November 3rd, they won't be laughing no more.The youth of America will have the last laugh.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And Black America listened.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People said vote or die, people voted because Puffy said vote or die.COMBS: Hey, vote or die.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know, if he affected me, then he must have affected millions of us Black -- young Black people.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I voted for Kerry just because --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I voted for Kerry so --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I voted for John Kerry.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I voted for John Kerry.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I voted for John Kerry.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I voted for John Kerry.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Back then, Diddy was slobbering all over Hillary.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: You're one of the few politicians that young people relate to, and we want to just send a message on why you feel it's important for them to vote this year.HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER US SECRETARY OF STATE: I really think that this year more than any other, young people have their entire futures at stake.And I believe your slogan vote or die is accurate.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Diddy says young people relate to Hillary? How much did that costs? Here he is with Barack.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: You want be the president of the United States. You call your man, call MTV.BARACK OBAMA, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Thank you. And I just want to say how much I appreciate Puff Daddy for doing the kinds of work that he's doing, because he doesn't have to do this.COMBS: And I want to apologize for not sweating, but I do this so much. I'm so cool. I just want you all to see everybody I'm interviewing is sweating, I'm not even touching my brow.I'm so cool. And I want to apologize. I didn't try to make you look bad, I am not like that, but I'm just so cool.OBAMA: He is wearing a t-shirt.I will tell you, if he was wearing one of those fancy designer clothes he is designing, he'd be sweating just like me.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: In 2008, Diddy went from vote or die to Obama or die?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: My name is CIROC Obama. No, my name is not Barack Obama, my name is CIROC Obama.It's very important that you do not believe the polls. The polls are trying to say that my brother from another mother, Barack Rock Obama is up leading in the polls by 10 points. Don't believe that, brother.See this is where we mess up.We start believing in the hyper and we get too comfortable.Be ready to stand in lines, let's keep the heat on, let's bring it home.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And then in 2020, Diddy went on a media tour for Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: White men like Trump need to be banished, that way of thinking, it is real dangerous. This man literally threatened the lives of us and our families about going to vote.When you look at it, we don't have no choice, you know what I am saying? Just say what you want about Biden, I can't say I love to pick either, but hey, we've got to get him in office and then we've got to hold him accountable.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Democrats used Diddy's charisma, star power, and street cred in the Black community, every single election. For Diddy, this was a business opportunity.He was blessed by the professional class and commercialized. He was in the back pocket of the powerful and that made him powerful with a free pass.He was so loved that New York City Mayor Eric Adams handed him the key to the city.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: Hey, yo, New York. New York we (bleep) did it. Holla. We did it, my friends. We did it.The (bleep) we (bleep) did it. Let's go. The key to the city.Yes, yes, yes. I'm coming and be (bleep) and I'm going to be in Brooklyn this Sunday. I'm not playing with you in New York. I'm going to give you this love. It is a love rampage.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Diddy didn't just have the key to the city, he had the key to the country. He endorsed the Democrats' politics for them and got souls to the polls, as they say.But there was more to it than that, he was a political enforcer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KANYE WEST, RAPPER: I was banished. I was exiled. I was cancelled multiple times. All of the usual suspects, the handlers -- Dave Chappelle, Meek Mills, Diddy -- all of these people are in position for us as celebrities. They got to call them put a leash on him. What are we going to do with Ye? Diddy, give him a call. Tell him you don't like the t-shirt. Tell him like right now, the agenda is this is the voting agenda for the celebrities for the Black. Make them do exactly what LeBron would do. They can do exactly what Drake would do.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Diddy knows the celebrity agenda for voting especially for Black celebrities, it is Democrat. And if you get out of line, you get a call from Diddy.What did he get in exchange for all of this political influence? According to the bombshell lawsuit filed by his former producer, Rodney "Lil Rod" Jones, Diddy was allowed to wreak havoc.The legal complaint alleges, Diddy bragged about getting away with shooting people and that his head of security had the power to make problems and people disappear.Diddy was never charged for the nightclub shooting involving his ex- girlfriend, JLo. His prodigy, Shine, took the fall.There was also a shooting inside one of his studios. Again, no charges. The complaint says, Diddy's head of security paid off law enforcement. The lawsuit claims Diddy had an affiliation with local gangs and gang leaders who would frequent his homes.Lil Rod alleges he witnessed Diddy distributing guns from his bedroom closet in Miami and LA to questionable individuals dressed in all black.Last night, we described the allegations surrounding freakout parties at his homes where sex workers and underage girls were given laced drinks. These parties were attended by celebrities, politicians, athletes, and music label executives.His former producer claims every room in Diddy's home is wired with hidden cameras, and these parties were sponsored by Universal Music, Motown Records. The complaint says there was blackmail, piles of narcotics, and grooming of young and aspiring talent.This lifestyle has been simmering under the surface for years.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOURE, CREATIVE DIRECTOR, THEGRIO: They call them him say, I have a family member who I want you to hire them as an intern, and I have never talked about this publicly and I -- and he said yes, and they were flying around one of the interns -- Atlanta, Miami, whatever on the jet and the house, whatever.And then the internship stopped abruptly, like three or four months into it.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Why did it end?TOURE: They wouldn't say, and years later, they finally came out, and this is a male and said that Puff had said, come home, stay the night with me or the internship is over. And they said, absolutely not. He said absolutely not and the internship ended.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, if Diddy is found guilty, he is a combination of Harvey Weinstein and Jeffrey Epstein. Remember, both of those men also moved at the highest levels of the Democratic Party.How prevalent is sexual blackmail in the American industry and Democrat politics? It's more than we think, and the powerful not only tolerate it, they participate in it because it makes some of them more rich and more powerful if they play the game, whether they have a choice or not.Tonight, "The New York Post" is reporting that alleged victims of Diddy have been talking a lot and we're hearing a lot of people in Diddy's orbit, names you know, are very worried.Derrick Parker is a former member of the NYPD's Rap Intel Unit and he joins me now.You had dealings with Diddy back in the day. What was that like?DERRICK PARKER, FORMER MEMBER OF THE NYPD'S RAP INTEL UNIT: Well, I dealt with him when he had problems with assault and he had the shooting at Club New York back in those days, so I was probably the detective that was assigned to go out and investigate what happened at those particular locations with Steve Stoute with MTV and with the shooting at the New York club.WATTERS: Now the word is the he had his girlfriend at the time, JLo smuggle the gun inside the club. He never caught any charges for it, but his boy went down.Now you see him at the top, I mean, a billionaire, all the hits. He is mentoring everybody in the business, but there are some sinister things happening under the surface, according to this lawsuit. Did you see that coming?PARKER: Yes. When I saw the pay off with Cassie, and I saw that come out and how that was quickly taken care of, I knew things were going to come after this. I knew that there were going to be other people that were going to fall in line, or people that he had past relationships with, that were going to probably come forward and bring up allegations of his conduct and things that he's done.WATTERS: When you hear about the sex trafficking, the hidden cameras in every room, the narcotics, paying off law enforcement, the affiliation with gangs. How do you interpret that?PARKER: Well, that's some -- that's an allegation that someone else made about what happened.WATTERS: Right.PARKER: The guns and the narcotics and things like that, these things happen in this business. It's out there in the hip-hop world. I mean, I've come along a lot of cases where I've had rappers involved with drugs and guns and things like that, so I'm not surprised by that.But the government took a big step in waiting on this to come out and do this. They had this planned. Believe it or not, this is planned. I think even tonight, Diddy's girlfriend, Young Mommy was caught distributing drugs or she has been labeled, as indicated in the federal report as supplying drugs, and paying people off.So this is only the start of this investigation. Your search warrant, now, this comes out. Now, there's going to be other things that's going to come out.WATTERS: Why do you think the Feds waited this long? Because this has been going on according to these complaints for a long time. What triggered this? Did someone? Did he cross someone?PARKER: Yes. What happens is that the Feds have developed cooperators, people that were affected by him or had some ties with him where they had some criminal activity and they came forward and they gave information.So the Feds wanted to go in and they wanted to gather everything they could, so they can present a tight case and that's what they're doing right now.WATTERS: There's going to be a tight case, we're hearing.PARKER: Yes.WATTERS: Okay. Thank you very much, Derrick, and thanks for all of your expertise.PARKER: You're welcome.WATTERS: Kayleigh McEnaney ahead on PRIMETIME.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Terrified Democrats are fracturing and exposing Joe Biden's weakness. Trump has been trouncing him in the national and battleground polls.The latest Fox poll has Trump ahead five. So Democrats are bringing in the heavy hitters.Tomorrow night at Radio City Music Hall here in Manhattan, former presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton and celebrity allies like Stephen Colbert and Lizzo will participate in a $10,000.00 a seat fundraiser to save the Biden campaign."The New York Times" reporting that Obama has begun taking over the campaign and constantly calling the White House: "This level of engagement illustrates Mr. Obama's support for Mr. Biden, but also what one of his senior aides characterized as Mr. Obama's grave concern that Mr. Biden could lose to former President Donald J. Trump. The aide who was not authorized to speak publicly said that Mr. Obama has always been worried about a Biden loss."You see signs of worry everywhere. Jill Biden is being forced to destroy the First Lady of the United States distinguished brand by playing the Nazi Germany card.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: History teaches us that democracies don't disappear overnight.A book ban, a court decision. I Don't Say Gay Law.Before World War Two, I'm told Berlin was the center of LGBTQ culture in Europe. One group of people loses their rights, and then another and then another. Until one morning, you wake up and you no longer live in a democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: When you're making the First Lady compare your rival to Hitler, you're desperate.Now, we've laid out a list of the hoaxes: Dictator on day one, bloodbath, inject bleach, fine people -- not a sign of confidence, and neither censorship, and we saw this with NBC.Former RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel fired after one day on the job because hosts revolted. A Trump Republican cannot be given a seat at the table, there cannot be debate, there cannot be choice.RFK, Jr. facing a legal onslaught tonight from an army of Biden attorneys determined to block his ballot access. The Independent is polling in double digits in some swing states and his VP pick gives him the money to play nationally. Democrats have now attempted to strip Trump and RFK, Jr. off the ballot while saying they're saving democracy.The media is using language about RFK that last week they told us was dangerous.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL BEGALA, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Third parties, they are like cockroaches in the kitchen, okay, it's not what they carry off that upsets you. It's what they fall into and foul up, okay.Bobby Kennedy could fall into every swing state and foul it up for Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I mean, they said -- never mind.The Biden administration has created an alternative universe where any criticism of the Dear Leader is a hate crime. The campaign aiming to flip North Carolina sent Binder to do a local radio hit, and she hung up the phone on them.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)MARK GARRISON, NEWS DIRECTOR, 99.3 WBT CHARLOTTE: They all said would you please just ask her, does the President have dementia? So before I move on from that, does he?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: That, Mark -- Mark, I can't even believe you're asking me this question. It is an incredibly insulting and so we can -- you know, we can move on to the next question.GARRISON: Gas prices and grocery prices then. Big topics here in North Carolina. How does Mr. Biden win votes when people don't have as much disposable income?JEAN-PIERRE: Eggs, milk, seafood products, all the important groceries -- those costs have gone down because of what this president has been able to do. And with that, thank you so much, Mark. Have an amazing, amazing day.GARRISON: Wow. Wow. She hung up. Wow.(END AUDIO CLIP)WATTERS: Former White House press secretary and co-host of "Outnumbered," Kayleigh McEnaney.Kayleigh, what happened here?KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I mean, look, this is crazy to me there. When I stood at the podium, I would have loved to hang up on Jim Acosta as he howled like a hyenas shouting at me, Kaitlan Collins and others, didn't have that option. It must be nice Karine Jean-Pierre. You did the radio interviews, you just hang up.I mean, what's crazy to me, most of all about this, she clearly didn't like the questions, she is clearly bristling, was the headline out of it. If I would have given an answer like that, the headline would have been White House Press Secretary does not deny the president has dementia.WATTERS: Yes.MCENANY: It would be cycles of news coverage. But you don't see it today, do you, not even a blip.WATTERS: So she hangs up on North Carolina. They're trying to strip RFK and Trump off the ballot, and then Jill is calling Republicans Nazis. How do you describe a campaign that looks like that, Kayleigh?MCENANY: A campaign in chaos, a campaign that looked at the Quinnipiac poll today, the one that disproportionately always favors Democrats, and you throw in RFK, the guy they write off as crazy and all of a sudden Biden loses. Our Fox poll, you see Biden losing by five points.They don't know what to do. They're throwing spaghetti at the wall. They just assumed when it became a head-to-head race, they would prevail. It's not working. The spaghetti is not sticking, but they're going to throw harder at Radio City tomorrow.WATTERS: So Radio City is tomorrow. You're going to have Bill Clinton, you're going to have Barack Obama. You're going to have Joe Biden. Is that enough firepower to save Joe Biden?MCENANY: No, it wasn't enough to save Hillary Clinton. Look, Barack Obama is a talented politician. Very good order. Skilled, you know, I disagree with his decision making as president, but he is skilled. He couldn't save Hillary Clinton. He tried that Chicago rally. He can't save Hillary, he can't save Joe.WATTERS: All right, well, Johnny will be there on his best behavior of course.MCENANY: Oh.WATTERS: Yes, tune in for that.MCENANY: I'll be watching that.WATTERS: All right, Kayleigh, thank you so much.MCENANY: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: More PRIMETIME ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: "Get It Together," thanks to you, I just debuted at number one on "The New York Times" list. I'm not really sure why since I didn't promote it that much. It's probably just word of mouth. But thank you very much. We're very, very happy.And if you haven't bought it yet, now's your chance. I love you. Thank you.And now I'm going to have to write another book. I'm thinking about a self- help book. A self-help book for men. It's also funny and also political.Yes, it will talk about straw, ice cream, and soup etiquette, but there will also be a lot more interesting things in there about diet, exercise, professionalism. Yes, professionalism.After Greg Gutfeld wrote a self-help book for people that don't like self- help, I figured I could do it, because look at him. Who needs more help than Greg?Always remember, I'm Watters and this is my world.