(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS HOST, "MEDIA BUZZ": Welcome to "Media Buzz". I'm just back from West Palm Beach, where I had a wide-ranging conversation with Donald Trump that lasted nearly an hour. Now, I began by asking the former president about the press.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: Mr. President, welcome, and congratulations on officially clinching the Republican nomination.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Thank you very much.KURTZ: So, after Super Tuesday, you said this. "The press has not been fair, nor has it been free. But maybe someday they will be. They're being beaten up pretty badly." That's pretty mild by your standards, and you certainly take your jabs. But you talk less about fake news these days. Could you be looking for a ceasefire?TRUMP: Well, I'd love to get along with them, and I'd love that they were straight down the middle, and, you know, covering the stories that should be covered. You know that. You're with a group that does cover a lot of things that they don't cover, like the border -- the border they're just starting to do it now because it's destroying our country at some point.At some point, you're going to have to do it.KURTZ: Right.TRUMP: But you've been covering it for a long time. Your show has been covering it for a long time. They're now just picking it up. They should have picked it up two years ago, three years ago. The Border is a Horror Show, and so many other things.It's not only what they report, it's what they don't report. They don't report certain things that are so big. I expect to look and see the CBS Evening News or NBC or ABC, and I turn on it, and they have nothing about very important subjects. And that's fake news also in its own way.KURTZ: Would you be willing at this point to stop calling national news organizations the enemy of the people?TRUMP: Well, you know, I have that a lot. I get a lot of people. They don't say fake news. They don't mind that as much. They really don't like enemy of the people. I would be honored to do that if they would do it right, if they would. You know, they're like the policemen or a policewoman. They're like the police.And frankly, they keep our country honest in a certain way if they do their job properly. And they haven't been doing it properly. And you look, you report on that, Howie, you know that. You know exactly what's going on. And sometimes I don't know why. Why would they want to have open borders where a lot of bad people come in from prisons?You look at it now and look at what's happening with the new group coming in from Haiti. They're just pouring in by the thousands and thousands. And how much can one country handle? You know, it's not sustainable. It's not sustainable.KURTZ: It's a mess. But let me -- let me touch on this. Everybody's entitled to whack the media.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: After the Iowa caucuses, two networks didn't carry your speech. I was very critical at the time. But you said CNN and NBC should have their licenses or whatever they have, take it away. Sounded like you were threatening to go after television outlets that -- which reporting you don't like.TRUMP: Well, I think it's incredible. Some of them use the airwaves and some of them don't. You know, the certain cable, I guess, is a little bit different.KURTZ: Cable doesn't have license yet.TRUMP: But when you're using public airwaves and you don't have -- you cover a candidate for months, you cover him as negatively as possible or her -- could be her, and all of a sudden, that candidate wins in a landslide and it's very exciting, and everybody wants to watch and you don't cover his speech. It's incredible.And I guess it was fake Tapper or somebody turned it off. He said, turn it off. I think actually MSNBC did do it. MSDMZ. But they did do it. But I think it was CNN that didn't cover Jake Tapper, who I used to know. I used to actually sort of like him, actually. But he hurts himself very badly when it does a thing like that. And he hurts the ratings, too. You know, you look at CNN ratings are so bad.So, you cover the element. Think of it. You're covering somebody for a year. And this is the culmination. This is the big moment that people want to watch it. And you say, I'm not going to put a speech on. How can you do that?KURTZ: Well, my view is, say what you want afterwards.TRUMP: Sure.KURTZ: You want to be critical, fine.TRUMP: But you can do that, absolutely.KURTZ: Let me move along. You said that the sudden death of Alexei Navalny in a Siberian prison camp was horrible and that he was very brave and there's no question about that.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: And you said that you're going through a form of Navalny. But here's the thing. The media, as you know, blame Putin. Joe Biden blames Putin. Much of the civilized world blames Putin. Do you believe Vladimir Putin has some responsibility for the death of Alexei Navalny?TRUMP: I don't know. But perhaps I mean, possibly, I could say probably. I don't know. He's a young man. So statistically, he'd be alive for a long time. If you go by the insurance numbers, he'd be alive for another 40 years. So, something happened that was unusual.KURTZ: Obviously, he survived a poisoning attempt by the Kremlin and barely lived, went back, got jailed, and then suddenly he keels over. They don't release the body. I mean, how could anything like that happen without Putin and high-ranking Kremlin officials sanctioning it?TRUMP: Well, I don't know. You certainly can't say for sure but certainly that would look like something very bad happened, right?KURTZ: I think we can agree on that.TRUMP: I think so.KURTZ: You like to say that if you were President, Russia would not have invaded Ukraine.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: But since Russia did invade a sovereign country and frequently targets civilians, and I know that many people in this country care more about our southern border than Ukraine. But given the bravery of the Ukrainian people, why do you seem to me at least to be so lukewarm on aid to the Ukrainians who are running out of ammunition and are in pretty desperate straits?TRUMP: Well, it's a war, I guess I feel very hurt because that's a war that should have never happened. And when I see what is happening, it's so, such a disaster. And, you know, you're talking about a very unfair war. But Russia's a very big military power, and they're sort of proving that with time. And I agree that the Ukrainians have been very brave. But this is something that should have been negotiated. I would have negotiated a deal. I don't even know if I would have had to negotiate. They never would have attacked while I was President.The oil prices were low. We were at forty dollars a barrel, went to a hundred dollars a barrel. At a hundred dollars a barrel, Putin makes a fortune. He made a fortune on this war. At forty dollars, he wouldn't have started the war.Just like if you look at Iran -- Iran was broke. They would have never given money to Hamas or Hezbollah. Therefore, Israel wouldn't have been attacked and they wouldn't have been attacked for other reasons, too.KURTZ: So, it was next January 20th.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: And you were sworn in --TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: Would you be willing to see Putin swallow part or all of Ukraine or would you provide military aid?TRUMP: I hope that it doesn't come to that. That's a long time. You know, we're talking about -- you're talking about nine months in that case, right? Seven months, a little more than seven months for the election itself. That's an eternity in terms of war and in terms of politics and in terms of the world. If we had a real leader, he would have never, never done that.Remember, he didn't do it for four years. He didn't do it. And there was no real threat that he'd do it. And I spoke to him about it. I said, you can't do it. You can't do it. It was the apple of his eye. I got to know him very well. I had a good relationship with him. It was the apple of his eye.But he would never have done it if I was President. And all those people would be living in all those great cities. You know, those -- those ancient domes --KURTZ: Yeah.TRUMP: You can't replace that. You can't -- golden domes. They were beautiful. They were a thousand years old. You can't replace that culture. But most importantly, the hundreds of thousands of people are dead now that would be alive. With that being said, it is what it is. It's a terrible situation. I blame -- I largely blame Biden because there was no reason for this.If you look at him rhetorically, I've tried to say rhetorically, but rhetorically, if you look at Biden, what he said at the time, he was -- I was he's saying the exact opposite of what he should be. He was almost leading Putin into -- into going into Ukraine. I said, he's saying the wrong things.And I mean, you'd have to go back and study it. But you have to know your opponent or your enemy or your friend.KURTZ: Your adversary.TRUMP: Frankly, you have to know people.KURTZ: I would say Putin bears the ultimate responsibility.TRUMP: Of course, he does.KURTZ: Yeah.TRUMP: But it could have been stopped very easily. It never would have happened. And again, Israel would have never been attacked. They had no money. Iran had no money. They were broke.KURTZ: When you talk about illegal migrants and it's a huge crisis at the border and after three years, obviously, the Democrats bear the primary responsibility. Why do you use words like vermin and poisoning of the blood? The press, as you know, immediately reacts to that by saying, oh, that's the kind of language that Hitler and Mussolini used.TRUMP: Well, that's what they say. I didn't know that. But that's what they say, because our country is being poisoned. Look, we have -- and we can be nice about it. We can talk about, oh, I want to be politically correct. But we have people coming in from prisons and jails, long term murderers, people with sentences that the rest of their lives they're going to spend in some jail in some country that many people have never even heard of.They're all being released into our country. These are murderers. These are people at the highest level of crime. And then you have mental institutions and insane asylums. I always say the difference is, one is "Silence of the Lamb". You know, it's the -- it's a mental institution on steroids, okay? And those mental institutions and insane asylums are being emptied out into the United States.And then you have terrorist supporting it and at levels that we have never seen before. This is a horrible thing. Only bad is going to come of it. A friend of yours, Sean Hannity, said it's 100 percent certain that there'll be big problems here very soon. He means an attack.KURTZ: I know there's a lot of concern about that.TRUMP: And he does say that. And I say, you happen to be right.KURTZ: But here's my theory that you use over the top, sometimes inflammatory language, because that drives the media debate. Did Trump go too far? And then you get the next several news cycles talking about your issue and, you know, whether your language was too much or wasn't enough. Any thought that I might be right on that?TRUMP: It also gets people thinking about very important issues that if you don't use certain rhetoric, if you don't use certain words, that maybe are not very nice words, nothing will happen.That did stir debate. But it happens to be true. When you have hundreds of thousands of people from jails all over the world, I'm not just talking about South America. They come from the Congo. They come from all different parts of Africa. They come from Asia all over. They come from Europe. They come from the Middle East. They're coming from all over the place.Equal opportunity. We're like an equal opportunity employer. They're coming in at numbers that we've never seen before. They're coming in at numbers that no country has ever seen before. It's not sustainable. And in many cases, they're not good people. And you have a new form of crime. It's called migrant crime. We had crime. We have violent crime.You're going to have now migrant crime, which is going to be super violent. And it's going to be as bad. It's going to make up -- it's going to make up -- it's going to be the same. We're going to have -- it's going to double up your crime. Everything I've said has been right. It's going to double up your crime. We have millions of people coming into our country that shouldn't be here.KURTZ: Well, that's why it's a big issue, including among Democrats. But now, speaking of language --TRUMP: You have friends in New York -- a lot of them. So, do I.KURTZ: Yeah.TRUMP: And I have friends in Chicago.KURTZ: Chicago, yeah.TRUMP: I have friends all over the place, right? But I haven't had one person say that what's happening to their cities is acceptable.KURTZ: Right. You whipped up a global story twice by saying that you would not protect NATO countries that don't contribute their fair share of --TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: -- the defense burden. And then you said, if they don't, you would encourage the Russians to do whatever the hell they want to do to these countries. That sounds like a pro-Putin stance, or is it a negotiating stance?TRUMP: No, it sounds like somebody that wants to get people to pay money. So, when I was President first year, I went to a NATO summit and I noticed something because I'm very good with numbers. And I looked and I said, you know, you have 20 of the 28 countries that haven't paid or they paid far less than they're supposed to. What's that all about? The United States, in the meantime, was paying much more than they were supposed to.We were making up the difference a massive amount. We were almost paying for the whole thing. If you want to really know the truth. We were paying for close to 100 percent. So, they take advantage of us on trade. The European countries, I love them. I somehow have a little heritage there. You know, I mean, we have a little soft spot, right?KURTZ: Yeah.TRUMP: But the European nations, if you add them up, they have the same size economy essentially as the United States. You add them all up --KURTZ: Altogether, right?TRUMP: Yet we're $100 billion more to Ukraine than they are. When I said that and when I made that statement, I want to energize them to pay. They have to pay. It's not fair. Do you know that this statement was made three weeks ago that I made that you said.KURTZ: Right.TRUMP: Do you know that since then, countries that were late on their payments or not paying at all have paid up? They said, oh man, look at this. We better start paying. They took in a lot of money.KURTZ: So, you're going to take credit for that?TRUMP: So, yeah, I will take -- I have to take credit for it. Now, if I said it in a different way, it would have been a nicer statement, but it would not have been a fair statement.KURTZ: Understood.(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: He said that President Biden bears responsibility for Russia's brutal invasion of Ukraine, downplays the fact that Vladimir Putin is trying to restore parts of the old Soviet empire and may not stop there. When we come back, Donald Trump makes some news on the abortion question.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: Abortion has been a politically fraught subject for Republicans since the demise of Roe v. Wade. I asked Donald Trump about his approach.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: Now, a "New York Times" piece by Maggie Haberman and others says that you have discussed with your advisors having a ban, the possibility of a ban on abortion after 16 weeks. Plus, the three exceptions that I know are important to you.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: Rape, incest, life of the mother.TRUMP: Right. Very important.KURTZ: Now, I don't know if it's possible to make both sides happy in this debate because we both have strong moral feelings.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: But you were quoted as saying to one of your aides, well, I like 16 weeks because it's a nice round number four months. Do you think that could be politically acceptable?KURTZ: So, we're going to find out. And pretty soon I'm going to be making a decision. And I would like to see if we could do that at all. I would like to see if we could make both sides happy. Look, a lot of things were done with Roe by killing it. Number one, we brought him back to the states.KURTZ: Of course, your justices to the Supreme Court have made that possible.TRUMP: They did. And, you know, they did something that from a lot of standpoints is extremely good. Number one, the Democrats are the radicals on this issue because it's okay to have an abortion in seven, eight, nine months and even after birth, according to that.KURTZ: Well, I know that's indisputable -- I know that's indisputable.TRUMP: And I will say this, if you speak about the subject right, you actually -- we actually have -- it's like fertilization on fertilization. You saw I took the lead on that and it's actually now our subject. It's a positive. We want to help women. And that could have been a very negative thing. We want to help women with Roe.You take a look at what was going on -- abortions in the seventh, eighth and ninth month. One thing that you say is nobody wants that killing of a baby after the baby is born. That was the governor, the ex-governor, last governor prior to this one, by the way, he's a good guy -- the last governor of Virginia. He said you put the baby aside and you discuss with the mother whether or not essentially you want to kill the baby.They are the radicals. There'll be a certain -- there's a certain spot. If you look at France, if you look at different places in Europe, if you look at a lot of the civilized world, they have a period of time. But you can't go out seven months and eight months and nine months.And if the Republicans spoke about it correctly, it never hurt me from the standpoint of elections. It hurt a lot of Republicans. I think you have to have -- you have to have the three exceptions because it's just -- now there are a few places where you don't. But I tell people, number one, you have to go with your heart. You have to go with your heart.But beyond that, you also have to get elected, okay? And if you don't have the three exceptions, I think it's very, very hard to get elected. We had a gentleman from Pennsylvania who was doing pretty well. He refused to go with the exceptions and he got -- he lost in a landslide for governor.Nice man lost in a landslide. You have to go with the exceptions. And the number of weeks, I'll be coming out with a recommendation fairly soon. I think the recommendation will be accepted.KURTZ: Now, I follow everything you say because that's part of the job.TRUMP: Good.KURTZ: And in this campaign, you've talked about payback. In your Waco speech last year. You said that for those who've been wronged and betrayed, I am your retribution. But you've been softening that lately. You talked to Bret Baier and Martha McCallum and you said, I'm not going to have time for retribution. But --TRUMP: Well, I said success will be my retribution.KURTZ: That's right. But for the press and people who aren't fans of yours, they feel like, well, you've sent the message that the second term is going to be different, that you're not going to be restrained by some of the people you had in your first term. So, which is it?TRUMP: Oh, I'm going to just make it very successful. My greatest retribution, or as you would also say, revenge. My revenge will be success for our country. I'm conservative. People say you're conservative. But really, what I am is a person with common sense. I want borders. I want fair elections, free elections. I want to have a free press. I would -- I would cherish the press if they were free. Not that I want good stories, because, you know, I probably won't get them anyway. But --KURTZ: Well, nobody gets all good stories.TRUMP: They should be -- they should be free and fair. You're very free and fair.KURTZ: Thank you.TRUMP: You've covered -- I've seen you cover different angles of stories from very different viewpoints. And it's very -- you know, pretty damn good. But we need a great press, because that keeps people honest.(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: On late-term abortions, former Virginia Governor Ralph Northam did say that in cases of severe deformity or a non-viable fetus, the mother and doctors would decide what to do once the baby was born, but later backed off with a spokesperson saying he was not talking about killing babies, but extremely rare and tragic cases.A CDC survey says fewer than one percent of all abortions take place at or after seven months of pregnancy. Up next, why the former president changed his stance on banning TikTok.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: We get to the proposed ban on the hugely popular TikTok app in just a moment, but first, Donald Trump's hotly debated comments about the Constitution.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: I don't want to relitigate your accusations about the 2020 election, but a while back you wrote on Truth Social, a massive fraud of this type in magnitude allows for the termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in the Constitution. That was pretty chilling for people who kind of sort of like the Constitution.TRUMP: Well, no, all I'm saying is an election has to be constitutional. I'm not saying avoid the Constitution or anything like that. But they're the ones that are violating the Constitution. I'm not violating. I'm saying when they cheat on an election -- you may not be able to say this because you're at Fox, but some people do say it, and many people agree with it.KURTZ: Mostly Republicans. It's become a very partisan thing.TRUMP: I guess so, but Democrats believe it too, but they don't want to say it. I mean, they believe it, too. You just have to look at the numbers, but without getting at that, look, we have to have free elections. They have to be fair, and people have to know that they're free.They have to know that they're fair, and you have to have borders. You have to have borders, you have to have great elections, free elections, fair elections, no cheating, no ballot drops, no anything. It has to be basic voter I.D. It's actually insulting to a person to say you can't get a --KURTZ: Yeah.KURTZ: You know, an I.D. pass. If you look at the Democrat convention last time, Democrat National Convention, they had I.D. cards that were so big. They were big. They've covered somebody's entire chest, no matter how big it was. It was like they had pictures from three different angles.They had -- they had I.D. and you have I.D. for a lot of things, you know, credit cards, have I.D., a lot of things. Do you buy products? You have I.D. The only thing they don't want I.D. for is voting, right? And that's because they want to cheat. We can't let that happen.KURTZ: I want to touch on TikTok. As you know, the House voted overwhelmingly to ban TikTok unless the company, the Chinese owner would sell it off, 197 Republicans. Now, when you were President, you tried to ban TikTok. The courts stepped in. You now say you don't think it should be banned because you think Facebook is worse and this would benefit Facebook.But doesn't that let TikTok off the hook? Because most parties, the consensus of both parties is that this is a threat to national security having it owned by a company that's, of course, influenced by the Chinese Communist Party.TRUMP: Well, I know a lot about TikTok and I gave the option of banning it and I had it pretty much done. And I said I didn't do any jawboning. I didn't do anything. I just said, you guys want it banned if you want.And Congress probably didn't want it banned, you know, et cetera. It wasn't something that I was demanding. If I demand, I think I would have gotten it. But there's a danger to banning it with, you know, freedom of speech is many different, many different problems.KURTZ: Extremely popular with young people.TRUMP: But here's what I did find. I found Facebook to be extremely dishonest. And what would happen is if you ban TikTok, if you take it away and we have a new concept, but if you take it away, those people are going to go into Facebook. And Facebook, in my opinion, was worse than TikTok by a lot.KURTZ: So, this had nothing to do with your meeting with a billionaire who happens to have a 15 percent stake in a company by dance.TRUMP: No, no. Actually, I didn't even know that.KURTZ: Yeah,TRUMP: I didn't know that. No. He's the head of a club. In fact, a club that I would say that I generally speaking don't get along with. But now I do. And I have. I've had my good moments and bad moments. I used to call a club for no growth. Now I call a club for growth again.KURTZ: It changed.TRUMP: But -- but no, I never spoke to him about that. What I would like to see is if you're going to do it to TikTok, do it to Facebook. And what you can do is let them sell TikTok, let them sell it in the market.Maybe get a good price, maybe not get a good price. I don't know. But take it away from China control. But I think China controls Facebook also because they have tremendous power in that company. There's no question about that. They want to be in China. They want to go to China. They want to, you know, whatever it is.KURTZ: But it is an American company. Look --TRUMP: Yeah. But they have plenty of power in there, too.KURTZ: In your first campaign, I remember you telling me, this was a time when the deficit hawks --TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: -- ruled the Republican Party, that you wouldn't touch Social Security and Medicare because out of fairness, people had paid into it.TRUMP: Yes.KURTZ: The other day you were on CNBC. You said there's a lot you can do in terms of entitlement, in terms of cutting and also bad management that got left out.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: Do you want to clarify that?TRUMP: Yeah, but not those entitlements. What we want to do is you'll never touch Social Security as long as I'm around and you'll never touch Medicare. And you have other people --KURTZ: Eventually, you have to touch because they're going to be -- TRUMP: Well, no, but you can also do other things. We have liquid gold in the ground that we don't touch. We have value and things that we could be doing to make a fortune in this country. We can put a ring around the collar, as I say, they used to have a commercial ring around the collar.We can put a ring around our country where when people come in and they want to take our jobs, steal our jobs and, you know, sell us products and we can't sell them products like in the European Union, like in China, like in a lot of other places.You know, we can't sell them cars, but they sell us cars. We put a tariff around our country of 15 percent and you'll see -- you want to see numbers come in big. It's not enough to affect them that much, but it's -- it's massive amounts of money for our country. And I want to do that. I want to do that big.(END VIDEOTAPE)On Beijing's supposed influence over Facebook, it's worth emphasizing the social network isn't allowed to operate in China. As a voter I.D., some Democratic lawmakers do support a photo identification card, but there are disputes about requiring other supporting documents. But Democrats such as John Fetterman oppose voter I.D. as making it harder for minorities to cast ballots. Next on "Media Buzz", how serious is Donald Trump about debating President Biden?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: The two nominees, Donald Trump and Joe Biden, haven't debated anyone in this campaign. I asked the former President if that's going to change.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: You have said you want to debate Joe Biden any time, any place.TRUMP: I do. Any -- I'll even debate him in your show.KURTZ: Well, I'll be happy to host it.TRUMP: I'll do it any time, any place.KURTZ: But surely it occurred to you that some people might say, isn't this the guy who didn't participate in any of the Republican primary debates?TRUMP: Of course not. I was leading by 75 points.KURTZ: Yeah.TRUMP: Why? Okay, look. People want a smart person. The Republicans, I was leading by 75 points. In fact, these last numbers that came in, I was at 91 to like seven. Why would I debate that? Why would I allow Asa Hutchinson, who is a nasty guy, not a good politician, and he was at zero for over a year, zero. I think he hit one one time for about a minute and then he went back.Or any of the others. Why would I be susceptible? Why would I do that? You want a smart person. Also, why would I go out, say, oh, let's go, let's have some fun and be shouted at by 12 people that have absolutely no chance of being elected.So, I always want to debate the Republican versus the Democrat, no matter what the score is. I want to debate last time. I always wanted to debate the Republican and the Democrat. Those are the two people left and they should debate.And if there's some Independent that's doing well, but by well, I mean, you know, has 15 percent or something, you should put them. Otherwise, you shouldn't waste be wasting the airtime. But no, I want to debate. I want to debate Biden. And I've actually put out a call and I said for the good of the nation, we should debate.KURTZ: When I covered you in New York decades ago, you would be having fights with Leona Helmsley. You wrote a letter calling her a disgrace to humanity and made its way into "The New York Post".TRUMP: The Queen of Mean.KURTZ: You were fighting with Ed Koch. You called him a moron. Is that your preferred political stance to have your fists up?TRUMP: I think it's a natural thing, maybe. It's not my preferred -- I'm not looking to go crazy with fights and things but -- and I'd rather not, but sometimes you have to. You know, I came in and before I even -- they were spying on my campaign. Okay, just so you know. I mean, you write some things, but and I'd rather not. But sometimes you have to.You know, I came in and before I even they were spying on my campaign. OK, just so you know. I mean, you even now agree it took a little while for you to get there, but that's okay. They were Biden and Obama and the whole group. They were spying on my campaign. Before, I even went, they heard I was going to run. They started spying on my campaign. That was before I came down the escalator with our great First Lady.KURTZ: Yeah.TRUMP: And --KURTZ: -- the spying accusation, as you know, is very much a subject of dispute.KURTZ: -- the spying accusationTRUMP: It is. This is the first time I've heard that in about two years.KURTZ: All right.TRUMP: They were spying on my campaign and doing lots of other bad things. And you'd have to fight or not. Every group, black, Hispanic, Asian men, women, people with super diplomas, people with no diplomas from high school, even. Everybody was doing the best they've ever done.And I was getting calls from liberals to use an old fashioned word or progressives, anything you want to call them. Well, you call them whatever they want. But I was getting calls. Can we get together? Can we get together? It was coming together.Then Covid came and we had to fight that battle. And we did a great job with it. But, you know, I got I got a lot of credit for foreign -- we took out ISIS. I had no wars --KURTZ: Right.TRUMP: -- were respected by everybody. Victor Orban said recently that Trump is the reason. If Trump were President, none of this stuff would have happened. They said, what's happened to the world? And he said, if Trump were President, China wouldn't have played games and Russia wouldn't have played games and you wouldn't have had any of the problems you had. And he happens to be right.KURTZ: Well, obviously, you had your detractors when it came to Covid. Mr. President, the country is obviously bitterly divided. What is fundamental thing would you say the media don't understand about your appeal?TRUMP: Well, there must be an appeal because you ride down the streets of Florida, the streets of Alabama, the city, and they have Trump signs all over the place. They're looking for hope. They want hope. There's no hope with Biden. He's a deadhead.KURTZ: But that's not how Democrats view it. That's why --TRUMP: I think the Democrats vote for me a lot more than you think. In fact, I still wear at least 10 or 12 percent of the Democrats are voting for me. They've never seen a number like that. See, I have a theory. People in Beverly Hills vote for me, but they don't talk about it. A lot of people vote for me.You know, when the exit polls in 2016, when they came out, everybody said, oh, this is a sad day. This is sad for Trump. He's not going to make it. Not going to make it. Everyone was saying -- remember that?KURTZ: Yeah.TRUMP: And then I end up winning quite easily. You know, I mean, I won Florida. Well, I really ran the whole East Coast. And one person called up smart guy said, you're going to win big. Why? Why do you say that? Others are saying on television, on Fox, too. They say it's not looking good. They said, no, you're going to win big because there's a group of people that say, don't ask me. Don't ask me that question.It's a much rougher word than that. It's a word that I won't use on television. I can't. I will get decimated if I use it. But they tell the person a certain thing. But let's be nice. They say, don't ask me that. Anybody that says essentially, don't ask me that, is a Trump voter. And it was the largest number of don't- ask-me-that voters ever, ever.And he said, every one of those voters is voting for you. And it turned out to be true. So, you know, we ended up winning and we did much better in 2020. We did. I did. You know, I did millions and millions of votes more in 2020. I did much better. And you can cut this if you want. But the election was rigged. You know, Fox may want to cut that one out. But that's okay.KURTZ: Well, I would just say it hasn't been proven in court.TRUMP: Well, it was so rigged. It was so crazy. But we're going to do it again.(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: Majority of Republicans believe Trump's insistence that the 2020 election was stolen, but there is no independent evidence of widespread fraud. The Obama administration's FBI did open a counterintelligence probe of the Trump campaign in 2016, including the court approved wiretap of former Adviser Carter Page and looking for signs of Russian influence.The probe, the subject of relentless media coverage, found no evidence of collusion by Trump or his team. But the investigation was opened by career law enforcement officials with no evidence President Obama or Vice President Biden was involved in the decisions. After the break, Donald Trump on the Fani Willis case and on Chuck Schumer calling for the ouster of Bibi Netanyahu.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: A Georgia judge ruled that D.A. Fani Willis, despite an appearance of impropriety, can stay on the case against Donald Trump and his co- defendants, but that the special prosecutor she hired, her ex-boyfriend Nathan Wade, would have to resign, which he did Friday. Hours earlier, I asked the foreign President about these legal cases.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: Mr. President, you went to court in Florida, where you were trying to get the classified documents case thrown out. It was covered all day long on cable. As it turns out, Judge Cannon turned down one of the two arguments you made in order to get cases thrown out. That's a hard thing to do. But are these four criminal cases now part of your campaign?TRUMP: Well, they seem to have taken on a life of their own in terms of the populace, in terms of the American people. They know they're rigged. They know they're all Biden cases. These aren't cases. These are Biden in- depth (ph). This is using the Justice Department to go after your political opponent.KURTZ: But you don't have any proof that Joe Biden personally told Merrick Garland --TRUMP: Of course, I do.KURTZ: -- to do that.TRUMP: Oh, sure you do. Look, the Manhattan D.A. has a man named Colangelo in there. He was Merrick Garland's top person. They put him into the Manhattan D.A.'s office. Fani Willis and her lover spent a lot of time in Washington talking about my case. They came out during the hearings talking about my case. The A.G. of New York, Letitia James, deals with Washington all the time.Now, even the local cases, like a D.A. case, it's all trying to hurt an opponent. And why didn't they do this years ago? They should have done this years ago. This is all stuff that was essentially started very, very late because they wanted to interfere with the election. No, this is 100 percent.Look, Biden hasn't done a thing. He's a horrible president. And he figures this is maybe the way that they can get in. But this is an attack on a political opponent. And this is what banana Republics do. This is what third world nations do.We don't do it in this country. And people see that. And as you know, I have my highest numbers that I've ever had. Now, usually it doesn't work out that way, stuff like this. But I also, I have a voice where I can explain it to people. I can explain how rigged this whole thing is. And as you know, I've been doing very well on these cases.KURTZ: In the hush money case brought by a Manhattan district attorney, Alvin Bragg, their side has now asked for a 30 day delay. The trial is supposed to start in a little over a week.TRUMP: Well, they had to because they didn't give the documents to us.KURTZ: Right. To give you time to review. They didn't want to do that, but they had to. And frankly, that whole case should be thrown out because it's a ridiculous case. And every legal pundit in the United States has said, that is the most ridiculous case.KURTZ: Many portions of the media say that your whole approach to all of these cases is simply delay, appeal, and get them pushed back past the election, which, if you win, you can make the cases better.TRUMP: Well, look, we have very good cases. They put together some garbage. They indicted me on garbage. And the people know that. The people of our country. That's why 82 percent of them think it's political. It's all political. And more than just the -- what's coming out of Washington.The local D.A. stuff -- the Fani Willis. She spent with Wade. I call her Fani Wade. She spent with Wade, her lover- boyfriend, days in the White House and in the Justice Department talking about my case. This is not supposed to be happening. Now, that case is imploding. She should never be allowed anywhere near a case.KURTZ: Some of the charges have been thrown out.TRUMP: Well, yeah. Ten charges have been thrown out. A lot of them have been thrown out. It's a fake case. It's a whole fake case. They're all fake cases. And the public sees it. Now, if the public thought they were real, I wouldn't be winning against Biden in every poll.But I'm lucky that I have a voice. I can do a show like yours. I can do a show like a lot of other shows. Any show wants me on because they get good ratings. But I can go on shows. And I can explain the cases. And then the people can decide.But it's politics. But it's politics at a very low level. We've never done it, Howie. We've never done it in this country where a president -- it's very easy to do. And he's opening up a big floodgate. Because does that allow the next president to do that to his opponent?KURTZ: You've raised that question on presidential interview.TRUMP: It's a very dangerous thing. Very dangerous thing.TRUMP: Chuck Schumer really went after Bibi Netanyahu on the Senate floor saying that Israel should hold new elections and making perfectly clear he thinks that the Prime Minister should be replaced though he doesn't use those exact words. Does that sound to you like the U.S. telling its sovereign ally how to run its government?TRUMP: Well, a hundred percent. There's no question about it. And they don't know where to go. They're very bad for Israel. The Democrats are very bad for Israel. Israel sticks with them. I guess Israel's loyal, maybe to a fault, because they stick with these guys. Biden is so bad for Israel, they should have never been attacked. If Biden were good to Israel, they wouldn't have been attacked.KURTZ: But Biden -- President Biden has been a strong supporter of Israel because of the terrorist attacks by Hamas.TRUMP: If he were a supporter of Israel, if he were a supporter of Israel, the Iran nuclear deal would have never been signed and Israel would have never been attacked, Howie.KURTZ: Well, Schumer is, of course, the top Jewish Democrat in Washington.TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: And he says that Netanyahu is too willing to tolerate the civilian toll in Gaza --TRUMP: Yeah.KURTZ: -- and that he's more concerned with his own political survival and that that could make Israel a pariah. Your reaction?TRUMP: Well, they lost a lot of people on October 7th, too. People have to remember that.KURTZ: Oh, people should never forget.TRUMP: They totally -- well, I think maybe he's forgotten it. He doesn't forget it. He looks at, where do I get more votes? And I guess he's seeing, you know, the Palestinians and he's seeing the marches, and they are big. Then he says, I want to go that way instead of Israel. I don't know how Israel stays with these people. I just don't know.He obviously said, I see a lot of people protesting out there and they happen to be Palestinians or wherever from the Middle East. And he was probably shocked to see it. And all of a sudden, he dumped Israel. That's what he's doing. He dumped Israel.KURTZ: No, he's not walking away. But what would be --TRUMP: But he is walking away. I mean, he just said essentially that Bibi Netanyahu should take a walk.KURTZ: Right. And in light of those comments by Senator Schumer, what would be your message if you were to talk to Bibi Netanyahu?TRUMP: Well, I think you have to finish it up and do it quickly and get back to the world of peace. We need peace in the world. That would be one of the two things I'd do very quickly. I would settle with Ukraine and Russia. I will get them to settle that war very quickly, even before I become President.As a President-elect, it'll give me the power that you need to get it settled. As President-elect, I want to do it before, you know, before taking office, if that's possible. And I think it is. And the other one is you have to have peace in the Middle East. We were close to it. Don't forget, I did the Abraham Accords.KURTZ: I am well aware.TRUMP: I'll bet you I would have had Iran in the Abraham Accords. That sounds -- that's a big statement. But I would have had them all in. They took the Abraham Accords, which are phenomenal. Anybody else would have gotten a Nobel Prize.If Obama did, or Biden did, or anybody on the other side did the Abraham Accords, they would have had 15 Nobel Prizes, okay? I'd get nothing. But I had four great, you know, hardline countries signed up. Respected countries.(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: Biden has said Netanyahu's aggressive assault in densely populated southern Gaza is hurting Israel. The Prime Minister has rejected U.S. demands for greater restraint in battling Hamas. Netanyahu today praised both Trump and Biden on Fox and Friends, but called Senator Schumer's comments inappropriate. Still to come, Donald Trump, Jimmy Kimmel, going at it during the Oscars.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: Jimmy Kimmel was hosting the Oscars last weekend and one of his viewers had something to say about that.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: What is up with you and Jimmy Kimmel?JIMMY KIMMEL, COMEDIAN, HOST, PRODUCER: Okay, now, see if you can guess which former president just posted that on TrueSend (ph) -- anyone? No? Well, thank you, President Trump.KURTZ: Because during the Academy Awards you posted, has there ever been a worse host than Jimmy Kimmel at the Oscars? Less than an average person trying too hard. And he then read that on the air and then took a crack at you -- getting even --TRUMP: And what else did I say? I said some other pretty good things.KURTZ: What were you getting even with him for?TRUMP: George Slopidopoulos? No, look, look. Jimmy Kimmel is -- every night, he hits me, I guess. His ratings are terrible. He's not a talented guy. I hear he hits me all the time, so I figured I'd hit him because I thought he was a lousy host. Now, I put it out on Truth, which is on fire, by the way. Truth Social is doing great. I never expected he was going to be reading it. Just prior to the movie of the year, which is the big one, right? That's the big one. I think they get the man, the woman, now the movie of the year. He reads my Truth on air. He reads exactly what you read. And now the big story is that they all begged him not to do it -- don't do it.KURTZ: Right.TRUMP: He probably, stupidly -- he had to act in a short period of time, like minutes, right? He had minutes because he's on air. He sees this thing and he wants to go out there and he wants to, I guess, confront me in a cell. And he ends up reading my truth. I said, this guy's even dumber than I thought. The thing went viral. It's been all over the world now. And all he had to do was keep his mouth shut.KURTZ: Donald Trump, thanks very much for sitting down with us here in Colorado.TRUMP: Thank you very much.(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: Huge headlines about Trump saying at an Ohio rally last night that if he loses, there will be a bloodbath. But if you watch it, as I just did, he's talking about Chinese car sales hurting American jobs right before and right after. Much of the media is just wrenching this out of context.The former president told me he did the interview because he finds this program to be fair. And by the way, I'm again offering the Biden campaign a chance to appear as well. I don't wear anyone's jersey, but I get that many see fairness as obsolete, old-fashioned in this era of toxic divisiveness.I know some partisans will say the interview was too soft because I didn't go after Donald Trump with a baseball bat. Other partisans will say the interview was too hostile and I must be suffering from Trump derangement syndrome. That's life.To me, it's journalism. At times, you don't make either side happy with journalism. That includes the Biden campaign at times. You've all seen evidence of that. I'm fair game for criticism like everybody else. But our audience understands what it is that we try to do here each week.Hey, you can subscribe to my daily podcast, "Media Buzzmeter". Join the club as I riff on the day's top five stories. That is it for this edition of "Media Buzz', a rather unusual edition. We'll put all of this online so people can watch, particularly if you missed all or part of it. I saw a lot of people get their news today. And it's time for me to say that we hope to see you next Sunday, same time, same place, with the only media analysis show on national television.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)