LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Isabel and Morgan, come back soon. Great to see you both.All right, that is it for us tonight in LA.Do not forget, always set your DVR, so you always stay connected with us. Make sure to follow me, my adventures in California on social media.Thank you for watching. As always, remember it is America now and forever.Jesse Watters and the gang, next.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --SAGE STEELE, FORMER ESPN HOST: Every single question was scripted, gone over dozens of times by many executives.TONY DOKOUPIL, CBS NEWS ANCHOR: He is losing in all the battleground states.DR. JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: No, he's not losing in all the battle ground states.DOKOUPIL: All, but one.WATTERS: The Bidens in denial. Who's writing this script?JILL BIDEN: It's obvious.SEAN "DIDDY" COMBS, RAPPER: I just wanted to take the time to thank you Queen Waters.REP. MAXINE WATERS (D-CA): Whoa.WATTERS: Diddy's Democrat sugar mama.("60 MINUTES" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)"CARRIE," FBI AGENT: Bam, and suddenly my right ear, it was like a dentist drilling on steroids. I felt like I had early Alzheimer's.WATTERS: The Havana syndrome. Why is this suspicious?Plus --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you kidding me? Enough is enough.WATTERS: Trump derangement syndrome, it is back.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you kidding me, law enforcement? Are you kidding me?Tonight in Grand Rapids, multiple law enforcement officers stood behind Donald Trump as he spoke.Hired to protect and enforce the law for the entire citizenry, not for a political party, explicitly forbidden from being a partisan authoritarian police for, standing on stage, entirely unethical, probably illegal.And law enforcement have the (bleep) gall to stand on stage with him.Enough is enough.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump can't stand on stage with cops now? Cops stand with politicians all the time.In '92 cops stood behind Clinton and then they endorsed him. Same thing with Obama-Biden. And here's Joe blasting Ultra-MAGA Republicans with Pennsylvania police chiefs right behind him.Cops always play a role in politics. Most sheriffs are elected.This dictator on day one hoax has really done a number on these people.The First Lady went on CBS and called them fake news.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOKOUPIL: When these polls like "The Wall Street Journal" land in the White House, and he's losing all the battleground states --JILL BIDEN: No, he is not losing in all the battleground states.DOKOUPIL: All but one.JILL BIDEN: He is coming up and he's even are doing better. So you know what? Once people start to focus in and they see their two choices, it's obvious that Joe will win this election.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It's obvious Joe's going to win? Does the doctor know something we don't? Whatever happened to run like you're behind?Today, Biden overslept, and was late to an 11 o'clock speech. He didn't show up until an hour later. And if you look closely, you can see the CPAP creases on his face. He wears a machine around his noggin to keep him breathing at night. He has sleep apnea.And if he has a creasy face at noon, he just got out of bed. He kept Bernie Sanders waiting an hour. That's either a power move by Biden or that's just sleepy.The president didn't fly home from a West Coast campaign stop last night late. Yesterday, the president did nothing. He had a phone call. That's it. I wouldn't be sleeping in at this stage of the campaign.New "Wall Street Journal" poll, Biden is not ahead in a single battleground. Trump is up in North Carolina, Arizona, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Georgia. It's all even in Wisconsin, and in last night's Wisconsin primary, 50,000 Democrats cast a protest vote against Biden.But it gets worse for him. Look at their approval ratings in the states that will decide the election. Trump's really popular and Joe is not. His coalition is collapsing -- Blacks, Hispanics, young Americans, mostly men don't want to have anything to do with the Democratic Party. And one reason, Mayor Pete is mocking you for not buying nerd mobiles.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETE BUTTIGIEG, US DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: Let's be clear that the automotive sector is moving toward EVs, and we can't pretend otherwise.Sometimes when these debates happen, I feel like it's the early 2000s and I'm talking to some people who think that we can just have landline phones forever.The reality is that the automotive sector is moving toward EVs and the US can either fall behind China, or we can claim the lead.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Number one, the government didn't spend a trillion dollars to make us buy cellphones and didn't shame us for keeping our landlines.Number two, just because something is modern doesn't make it better. What tastes better? Real meat or lab grown? Would you rather live in a 14 Century castle or in some drab postmodern slab?Would You Rather relax at the beach or bake in a tanning bed? Exactly.Electric cars aren't better, they are just an option. Democrats keep forgetting the customer is always right. This election isn't about what Democrats want it to be about. It's about what voters say it's about -- making our lives easier.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHEN A. SMITH, ESPN HOST, "FIRST TAKE": At some point in time, you've got to take into account what the voter is thinking about.The voters, a lot of them out there, tens of millions of them out there, by the way, don't care what he is going through right now. They don't care about the 91 counts, they're thinking about their lives, and a lot of times we see politicians taking the positions that they're taking.And while we can respect their candor and their honesty, they do seem a bit detached that time from what the voters are actually feeling.If you're Joe Biden, what are you really, really worried about right now? You're worried about folks coming to the polls.That doesn't exactly encourage them to get up out of their seats and go to the vote.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Democrats thought they had a script. Biden would print the money, the economy would recover, and they'd put Trump on trial for January 6th. But January 6, wasn't 9/11. Voters don't care what a few politicians went through for a few hours, four years ago.Yes, people were scared. It was crazy. I get it.But we go through things too. We're scared. We get hurt. We can't afford stuff. We don't like migrants murdering our women, or fentanyl killing our men, but the Democrats only care about you if you're nodding along obediently.They're in the Third Act, and they're realizing the audience lost the plot. But they're sticking with the script. They're not listening to you because they don't care. Joe Biden is running the most highly produced tightly choreographed, top down campaign in presidential history with the help of the CIA, corporate America, and media executives who want a puppet, who prints money, funds wars and opens borders -- as long as he doesn't offend anybody.When former ESPN reporter, Sage Steele interviewed Biden, she says she was literally handed the script.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEELE: Thank you for being here as we get set for a wonderful day in sports.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I am happy to be here.STEELE: Opening day for America's national pastime.This was about two months after he took office. It was so structured and I was told, you will say every word that we write out. You will not deviate from the script and go.To the word, like every single question was scripted, gone over dozens of times by many executives -- editors and executives.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden got the questions ahead of time. Almost the entire interview was about sports. Two minutes of the interview was Biden telling a story about Jill putting a Flyers jersey on their dog.It was all scripted ahead of time. It wasn't a real interview.ESPN executives in the White House were in on it. And if you deviated from the script, you're fired.None of this is real. It's why Bide has done more interviews with the weatherman than with "The New York Times."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AL ROKER, NBC: And as far as you know, your memory of this house, you know, I mean, we're assuming I don't know what the future holds -- but what are your favorite memories about this place?BIDEN: Our kids jumping in bed with us -- oh, our grandkids when they are down here. They're sneaking up and jumping into bed with this. That's my favorite memory.They love it. They love wandering through the halls. They love -- there are two floors upstairs, a lot of bedrooms, private residence, and they just love coming down.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Our kids jumping in bed with us? Biden's youngest kid is 42. His grandkids, well, Biden's grandkids are 30, 23, 23, 19, and 18. And Hunter has got two four-year-olds and only one of them has ever been to the White House.Joe Biden needs Al Roker's questions ahead of time. There's your campaign, deny the polls, ignore the voters, and stick to the script.Let's bring in Outkick host, Tomi Lahren.So the interview was Sage Steele was about baseball, and a couple of questions about COVID and everything was scripted. What else is scripted, do you think?TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I'll tell you that was a couple of years ago as well and we know that he has declined significantly since a couple of years ago. So I'd like to see how he handled even the pre-scripted questions with Sage Steele now.But also, you know, playing those clips about the softball questions that he gets, I can't help but remember last Easter when the Easter Bunny snuck in and saved Joe Biden from a question and then he had the audacity to do the Easter Bunny and Christians dirty this year by overtaking the holiday for Trans Visibility Day, so I don't expect the Easter Bunny to be saving Joe Biden again anytime soon. I think, he is still pretty upset about that one.But you know, Jesse, I'm okay with this. I'm okay with Democrats being overconfident. I'm okay with Dr. Jill Biden getting agitated when the polls are brought up. That's all right.I don't care if they have the pre-planned balloons falling from the glass ceiling like Hillary Clinton did in 2016. I like that better. Because then when Donald Trump wins in November, we get to watch millions of green hairs scream at the sky on repeat and do their cry ins and their sit ins.And I don't know about you, Jesse, but I will enjoy that thoroughly. So let them be confident now and we'll see them in November.WATTERS: Do you think they're overconfident? Or do you think they know something that we don't know? Because it's not just confidence, and I believe Nancy said it, other Democrats have said it, they act like it's a foregone conclusion, like the script has already been written.And that just makes me nervous and suspicious, being the cynic that I am. Should I not be that way, Tomi?LAHREN: No, you should be, because the fact that they are this confident tells me that they're very confident in their voting process. They're very confident, and they've perfected mail-in ballots, ballot harvesting, early voting -- all of those things. They're very confident, they can run on abortion. So it should make us very nervous.But I'll tell you this, when Joe Biden and Jill Biden, when they get so agitated when people question them and they get so angry at the polls, that tells me not that they're worried about losing to Donald Trump, that they're worried about being replaced with Gavin Newsom. That tells me that they're very nervous that Democrats are watching the same thing we are watching and thinking we've got to get Joe out of there. Where's the hook?So Gavin Newsom right now is the one that I think that they're most angry at. And Gavin Newsom is living it up. You know, his hair hasn't moved an inch and he is ready to jump into the White House. That is what the Biden's are most afraid of.WATTERS: Joe doesn't seem that nervous, because he slept in till about 11 o'clock today, Tomi.Now we rewound the clocks. He was supposed to do an event at 11. He was an hour late. He showed up at noon, and he had the CPAP machine crease still on his cheek, which means he must have been sleeping less than an hour before he took the stage.What does it tell you about the president that he is sleeping in until about 11?LAHREN: Well, it tells me that somebody that I didn't vote for and nobody voted for is actually running our country, but I also think it is really striking when you see the side by side between Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders and Bernie Sanders looks like quite the young man there next to Joe Biden, especially when the two of them are speaking alongside one another.But I love the investigative reporting that you guys did to uncover the creases in his face whether they be from a CPAP machine, or just the regular old pillowcase. I think, it is quite obvious that Joe is enjoying his work-life balance.WATTERS: Nothing gets by PRIMETIME. Thanks, Tomi Lahren.LAHREN: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Fox News Alert: The Venezuelan welfare king has been taunting us about milking our handouts and threatening to squat in our homes, was nabbed in Ohio and now he could be facing gun charges.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)LEONEL MORENO, VENEZUELA WELFARE KING (through translator): Which one do you like more? Here, this is the safety.Another level. I am taking this one.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now even though an Obama judge ruled it was legal for migrants to possess firearms, I don't think the ATF agrees.Good luck in prison, Welfare King. Sleep tight, like Joe.Diddy and Maxine Waters, the partnership.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Last week, we told you all about how rap mogul, P Diddy spent the last 20 years bringing out the vote for Democrats.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: When you want to be the president of the United States, you call your man. Call MTV.BARACK OBAMA, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Thank you. And I just want to say how much I appreciate Puff Diddy for doing the kinds of work that he's doing because he doesn't have to do this.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now Democrats are pretending they don't know Diddy after his houses were raided by the Feds in a sex trafficking investigation. But Diddy had a lot of political juice with the Democrats. He brought the voters and they paid him back.Fifteen years ago when NBC and Comcast were merging, their executives had to testify in front of Congress. Maxine Waters, no relation, saw an opportunity. She shook them down and forced them to give Diddy a piece of the pie.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WATERS: There's no way that anybody can sit here and think it's all right for there to be one African American owned network.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: If NBC wanted the merger to go through, they needed to make Maxine happy, so they gave Diddy his own cable network, Revolt TV, and he was grateful.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: I just wanted to take the time to thank you, Queen waters for all that you have done to even make all of those businesses possible.WATERS: Oh my God.COMBS: You know, it couldn't have been done without you so thank you.WATERS: Thank you so very much. Whoa.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Diddy isn't the only disgraced mogul Maxine is in bed with. Remember she blew kisses at Mini when he was supposed to be under investigation by her? Now, he is serving 25 years.Oh, Maxine really has an eye for talent.We have a new hoax: The bloodbath hoax didn't work out too well for Democrats. It was debunked in five minutes. Today, the media is out with a freshie, the animal hoax. Trump calls migrants "animals."We watched Trump's speech last night, we didn't see him call illegals animals. So where did it come from?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WOLF BLITZER, CNN HOST, "THE SITUATION ROOM": Trump once again use brutal incendiary rhetoric to describe immigrants. Here's what he said yesterday. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's a border bloodbath and it's destroying our country.They are country-changing, country-threatening and they are country wrecking.We're going to end up with the largest deportation in American history.They're not humans. They're not humans. They are animals. I'll use the word animal because that's what they are.We don't want them coming into our country with contagious diseases and they have it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Hack job. They deceptively cut Trump's speech to make it look like Trump was calling all migrants animals when he was only talking about the one who murdered Laken Riley. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I met with the grieving family of Laken Riley, you know Laken. She was -- she was incredible. Top of her class. Everything was the top. She was the top of everything. She was incredible.I met the parents, incredible people.The 22-year-old nursing student in Georgia who was barbarically murdered by an illegal alien animal. The Democrats said please don't call them animals. They are humans, I said no, they're not humans. They're not humans. They're animals.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: You bash a woman's head in until she dies, you're an animal. Period.Even CNN guests called them out. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BLITZER: When he says these immigrants are animals, they are not humans, what does that suggest? I mean, isn't that brutal? Shouldn't people be condemning that?SCOTT JENNINGS, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: I listened to the entire tape. He was specifically talking about the person who murdered Laken Riley in Georgia.And to be honest with you, Wolf, if somebody murders another human being, I think they deserve to be called animals.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Wolf, ooh. Ouch.The media shouldn't be mad at Trump, they should be mad at the migrant criminals, but they want to pretend migrant crime is not real.This Colombian illegal was just arrested for sex crimes against minors in Massachusetts -- minors. Yesterday in New York, eight illegals were arrested. Cops found guns, drugs, a kid in the basement. Six of them were released without bail. Today, three more migrants were arrested at the same home.And in Michigan, Chilean ninjas are breaking into people's homes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WJBK REPORTER: Months ago, the sheriff formed a taskforce and caught seven people from Chile who had been breaking in and getting away with millions, $800,000.00 in jewelry and cash from one home alone.MICHAEL BOUCHARD, OAKLAND COUNTY SHERIFF: The Chilean gangs have been hitting us very hard. Cash jewelry, very high-end purses, that's pretty much the target. They're super well trained. When they get here, highly organized. They look like ninjas.They're all masked up, gloves. They just have a backpack with their particular set of tools for their job in the burglary.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Migrant crime is real. The animal hoax, fake.Monica Crowley is a former Assistant Treasury Secretary. It's funny, Wolf is mad that people are called animals. What's going on here?MONICA CROWLEY, FORMER ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS: Yes, I mean, the twisting of the language here. This is nothing new, Jesse.This goes back to 2015. You'll recall that one of the very first speeches Donald Trump made as a presidential candidate back in June of 2015, he spoke about a wide open border. He spoke about the tsunami of illegal immigration, and he talked about how they were sending rapists and murderers.And remember, he said they're not sending their best. He got clobbered for that, and that set the tone for the coverage of Donald Trump not just on this issue, but all issues going forward.And then when he started to gain traction, they started coming up with these hoaxes to try to delegitimize him, take away his credibility, undermine his candidacy, and then of course, try to destroy his presidency and they're doing it all over again from the Russia hoax to this latest one on animals.The problem for them this time, Jesse is, it's not going to work because the American people already have a one term of Donald Trump, four years of an historic presidency with tremendous successes on a booming economy, an enforced border, law and order and world peace.WATTERS: It's funny, too, Monica because the media is always wondering, why doesn't anybody believe us anymore? This country is so divided and disinformation.Wolf Blitzer is supposed to be a journalist, Monica, and he is just hacking the bejesus out of these sound bites in a defamatory way, and then getting called out 30 seconds later. How dishonest is this going to get going into November?CROWLEY: Well, it's only going to get worse. I mean, it's been bad since June of 2015 when he first announced and the lies you know, there's a sliding scale of lies. There is the Russia hoax, which is like at 100 and then there's like the animal hoax, which is at like a 10.But these hoaxes are going to continue because they have nothing else to run on, Jesse.Joe Biden and the Democrats cannot run on a single issue. They can't run on the economy, on immigration, on the border, law and order, on global peace and prosperity. They've taken all of those things that Trump left them and destroyed them deliberately. So the only thing that I have left is to lie.WATTERS: And sleep, because we know Joe loves his beauty rest. Everybody go check out Monica's podcast. Jesse Watters appeared on it. It's supposed to be a great, great interview. It's about my book, "Get It Together" and many other fascinating topics.Monica, thank you as always.CROWLEY: Always a pleasure, Jesse. Thank you.WATTERS: PRIMETIME investigates Havana syndrome, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: House Republicans are investigating Havana syndrome after a "60 Minutes" report pinned the alleged attacks on Russia. The report claims Russians are using a futuristic technology that shoots waves of energy through a person's ears and into their brains causing catastrophic brain injury.The attacks they say have been targeting federal agents and members of their family, both overseas and here on American soil.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)"CARRIE": And so in my right ear, it was like a dentist drilling on steroids. That feeling when the it gets too close to your eardrum, it is like that, you know, times 10.It was like a high pitched Metallica drilling noise and it knocked me forward. It felt like I was stuck in this state of like disorientation, not able to function. What is happening? And my whole body was pulsing.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It felt like it came through the window into my left ear. I immediately felt fullness in my head and just a piercing headache.I left the room and went into our bedroom next door and projectile vomited in our bathroom.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The common denominator between most of these agents targeted, according to CBS, they all have a history of working on cases against Russia.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTT PELLEY, "60 MINUTES": One of those cases involved this Mustang, going 110 miles an hour.A search of the car found notes of bank accounts --OFFICER: Citibank, Discover Saving, $75,000.00.PELLEY: And this device that looks like a walkie-talkie can erase the car's computer data, including its GPS record.There was also a Russian passport.OFFICER: What's your first name?VITALII, SUSPECT: Vitalii. V-I-T-A-L-I-I.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: "60 Minutes" claims that man who led cops in Florida on a high speed chase in 2020 used to be a Russian military engineer with a top secret security clearance and is believed to have been a Kremlin spy who helped facilitate attacks with acoustic weaponry here in the United States.The only problem? The State Department says Havana syndrome and those attacks aren't real.The State Department and five other US government agencies say that it's very unlikely that what people are experiencing are the result of a sneaky foreign attack.Government researchers linked Havana syndrome to mass psychosis and social contagion meaning the more people claim to have something, the more people will convince themselves they also have it.But why would the federal government who is always looking for an excuse to fund Ukraine's war against Russia downplay this supposed threat? Because it helps their case.Something about the story doesn't add up, but it's impossible to pinpoint.Special Forces vet and WorldStrat president, Jim Hanson joins me now.What do you think is really going on here?JIM HANSON, ARMY SPECIAL FORCES VETERAN: You know, it's impossible to know for certain, but like you, Jesse, I find it particularly convenient that right now when the Ukraine money train is going off the rails, all of a sudden this story gets resurrected after the government says it didn't happen.And we've got Darth Putin shooting death star beams at our diplomats in order to get everybody riled up, I think that's pretty unlikely. These weapons exist, there is no question about that. We have them.You know, but the idea that this now is "60 Minutes," oh, very credible source there, you know, and some anti-Putin Russian media, I don't find it very credible.WATTERS: So why would "60 Minutes" push this if it does benefit the Ukraine situation, and then have the entire federal government say it's baloney?HANSON: Yes, that's the piece that doesn't quite fit together, because usually the regime media is doing the bidding of the regime.WATTERS: Right.HANSON: And in this case, they seem to have a disconnect. I don't know why the government -- if this is happening, I don't know why they would want to say it isn't.I do know why "60 Minutes" and Der Spiegel and you know, the anti-Putin Russian people want it to happen because they need to back their, Zelenskyy in the in forever war against Putin.So I think there is an issue of who has got an advantage, and in this case, the regime media may be out ahead of their skis as far as what the regime wants them to do.WATTERS: You want to hear how weird it gets now?HANSON: Yes.WATTERS: Mark Zaid is the attorney who is representing about a dozen of these alleged victims of this brainwave attack from Russia, he's the same guy that repped the impeachment whistleblower. It's like -- this -- I cannot really wrap my head around this story, but there's something going on.We're going to have to get to the bottom of it.Jim, thank you so much.HANSON: Always a pleasure, Jesse.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: What you just saw was a powerful 7.4 magnitude earthquake rocking Taiwan. This is the largest earthquake the small island nation has seen in decades, and they're still sifting through the rubble for survivors.National correspondent, Bill Melugin with more -- Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Jesse, this was the biggest earthquake to hit Taiwan in 25 years that killed at least nine people and injured more than a thousand others.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)MELUGIN: Videos like this one posted a social media show the moment that powerful shaking began from that magnitude 7.4 quake. That led to tsunami warnings in Japan and the Philippines and rockslides in Taiwan. You can see this woman trying to calm her dogs who are clearly startled by all of that shaking.And this is unbelievable. Look at this. This is dashcam video that captured what looks like car-sized boulders toppling onto a highway as terrified drivers try to avoid them. You can see one car gets smacked by one of those boulders.This quake hit at about 8:00 AM local time during the morning rush hour. Some of those landslides were caught on camera with multiple fatalities reported as a result of falling rocks along roads and hiking trails.And this man was swimming in a rooftop pool at a hotel in the capital city of Taipei when the earthquake hit. You can see him swishing around in there.Taipei is located about 90 miles north of the quake's epicenter.Several buildings in Taiwan can be seen either destabilized or completely collapsed leading to numerous rescues.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)MELUGIN: Amidst reports that people were trapped in buildings, hundreds of buildings have reportedly collapsed as a result of the quake.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)MELUGIN: And that massive quake caused a barrage of powerful aftershocks to hit the country as well, some registering as strong as a 6.4 magnitude -- very powerful for aftershocks.Now the tsunami warnings thankfully didn't pan out into anything significant, but this was the strongest quake to hit Taiwan since 1999. That is when a magnitude 7.6 quake killed around 2,400 people -- Jesse.WATTERS: Wow. Boulder scene was like straight out of "Indiana Jones."MELUGIN: Yes.WATTERS: Unbelievable.MELUGIN: Yes, terrifying.WATTERS: Thanks so much. Hope everybody is okay.Ahead, why did we used to be so skinny?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Summer is coming, guys. Beach season. Throw away the Easter candy. Time to eat clean and train dirty. But it wasn't always this way. Fifty years ago, there was no need to shred for summer. Americans were naturally svelte.We were slim, toned, ready for beach volleyball and only 15 percent of Americans were obese. Now that number is ballooning. Nearly 45 percent of us are obese.What happened? We're less active. We eat out more and there's food out there that's terrible. But Americans are waving the white flag in the battle of the bulge, surrendering to obesity, because it's trendy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My body does too much for me, every single day.When it says, hey, girl, have a little full ass meal. Can I have like 700 calories? Oh my gosh, girl. Yes, you can.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Diets don't work. We have tons of research showing that most people gain back all of the weight they lost and more.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In the end, we are just getting more people in larger bodies, but you apparently don't want that because you don't like fat people.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The body positivity cult is pushing health at every size. If you're 300 pounds, you're beautiful. You do you.Who funds that type of propaganda? The big food lobby, the ones who gave us the food pyramid that told us Lucky Charms was healthier than beef. They're funding studies that bashed diet and exercise.According to "The Washington Post," General Mills has launched a multi- pronged campaign that pushes the anti-diet movement touting anti-diet research, and pontificating on the harms of so-called food shaming.They have also been paying professionals to promote their sugary cereals online.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I just got this customized box of cereal from my friends at General Mills and I love it.Every serving provides four grams of fiber along with other nutrients that people often struggle to get enough of.Ready to eat cereals provide good nutrition.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator): We love General Mills, Big G cereals because it's an easy, affordable, and delicious way to deliver the nutrients that my kids need and it is the ultimate nutritious breakfast.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Eggs. Try eggs.Not only are they brainwashing, they're encroaching upon your kitchen cabinets.An investigation by "The Post" found they've got a whole team of lobbyists to push back on policies that would add health information to food labels.Calley Means is the co-founder of TrueMed and joins me now. I can see the disappointment all over your face.CALLEY MEANS, CO-FOUNDER, TRUEMED: Jesse, as a parent, I am outraged and every parent should be outraged. Fifty percent of our teens are overweight or obese. This is a national moral stain on our country.The childhood obesity rate in Japan is four percent, and working for the food companies, I can tell you they know the American people want to be healthy. They don't want their kids to be fat. They don't want their kids to be depressed. They don't want their kids to be addicted to ultra- processed food, but they beat that out of them. That's the strategy.The food industry, and I saw this, they pay the USDA, the IRS, the FDA to rig the guidelines. Right now, 19 out of the 20 folks who made the nutrition guidelines that kids use were paid for by the food companies. They say that a two-year-old should have added sugar into their diet, and as this brave reporting from Anahad O'Connor in "The Washington Post."If you see a TikTok influencer telling your kid anything other than whole food, that influencer is being paid for by the food industry. There's a social contagion.WATTERS: Yes, it is child abuse. It's absolute child abuse. We're looking at some images of, I don't know, 70s, 80s, whatever it was. I remember I grew up back then.People were at the beach. It looks a lot different today. How much of this obese epidemic is food and how much of it is just inactivity and screens?MEANS: There's trillions of dollars of incentives against the American patient to eat ultra-processed food that's gone from zero to 70 percent of our diet in a hundred years and to be sedentary.We are absolutely decimating our human capital and the raw economic reality, Jesse, is that a sick fat depressed addicted child is profitable for the system, the food system and the healthcare system and the opposite is unprofitable.Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: You're right. The health care system also profits from fat, unhealthy kids. This is just an absolute disgrace.Calley, thanks as always. You're great.MEANS: Thank you, sir.WATTERS: Tiger Woods quit sex. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Wednesday Watters' Cooler, let's bring in host of "Fox News Saturday Night," Jimmy Failla.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Everybody, he got the name right. The man has arrived.WATTERS: There he is.I don't know if the blazers arrived, but we're going to get there one of these days.FAILLA: Oh, shots fired.WATTERS: Tiger Woods is pulling out all the stops to compete in the next Masters, eating right, going to the gym and has even eliminated sex. He's trying to maintain focus until the tournament is over, so he'll miss the cut.FAILLA: There it went. Because traditionally this is a guy who likes to play a few extra holes during the early rounds. Good night, everybody.Now I respect what he's doing.WATTERS: Yes.FAILLA: Because to be clear, I do this to Jenny Failla until we shoot my Saturday night show.WATTERS: The whole week?FAILLA: Nothing. No, she gets nothing and even then, I go over her report card for the week. She doesn't just get it. You know, you've got to earn it, but stick with me.Okay, tiger is saying this in an effort at image rehabilitation because he's trying to make it sound like he is focused on golf. Sex has cost Tiger a lot of money. He lost about $67 million in sponsorships although that number fluctuates because Nike paid him in singles.But the point is, this a strategy one way or the other I respect.WATTERS: I thought he was throwing up a challenge to all the ladies down in Augusta. I'm not doing anything this week. Try me.FAILLA: You Perkins' waitresses, you need to step up your game.WATTERS: All right, listen, fellas, if you're trying to impress a girl, please leave the air guitar at home.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The biggest red flag in the world, biggest ick of all time is doing the air guitar. If I catch you at a bar, listening to music, and you start -- I can't even do it. It's so bad, like literally go home.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: I'll give you two quick things. First of all, difference between men and women, this doesn't happen to men. Okay, if the girl is gorgeous, she could punch my cat. Okay. She can clothesline my mom at the bar. We are going to talk about that later.WATTERS: Like did you see that model doing the air guitar, Jimmy?FAILLA: I'm out of here, Watters.WATTERS: I mean, just forget about it.FAILLA: No, I can't do it. But this girl is going to die alone. Can I explain why?WATTERS: What --FAILLA: No, no. She is. She might be a fabulous girl, but it is the wrong way to live, because if you leave the house looking for something to be upset by, you inherently become a miserable person because your compass is pointing you in the wrong directions.You ever go out to dinner with somebody who is like, you can tell is confrontational with the staff. Because on a date with a girl like that, it is like -- I am like, baby, I will walk right out of this white castle. I don't need this, you know?WATTERS: I like to do the air flute.FAILLA: He is an air piccolo guy.WATTERS: I am an air flutist. Finally, remember kids, keep your hands at 10 and two and always fasten your seat belts.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Oh.FAILLA: I love this guy.WATTERS: Yes.FAILLA: No, this is amazing, and it takes me back to my cab driving days, although to my credit I had never gotten an accident I was awake for, so I don't think they should count on my last license, it is three accidents.But this is one of those funny ones that again points to us as a society, we love this and if we know everybody is okay, we feel just in making fun of it. But to be clear, we didn't know that it's okay because it's still funny looking. We just wouldn't be making fun of it on the air.WATTERS: That's true. That's true. And Judge Jeanine is fine. Okay. Hurt her hip, totally fine.Jimmy Failla, thanks so much.FAILLA: You're the best, man.WATTERS: Weather is bumming me out. I thought I was going to have a terrible show. The show crushed it.I didn't love the rundown earlier in the day. We do the show. Gold. Okay, great job, producers. Really bringing it.Let's do some texts.David from Houston, Texas: Biden's interview with Sage was on March 31st, 2021. Why didn't Biden wish ESPN a Happy Trans Visibility Day?Dena from Missouri: I still have my landline and my two gas vehicles. Call me old-fashioned.I'll just don't call you on the landline, if there's a storm.Dennis from South Carolina: Biden sleeps in later than a college kid on the weekend.Seriously, I haven't slept past 11 o'clock till senior year.FAILLA: If I went to bed at 9:00 AM I would sleep past 11 o'clock. I mean, yes. Scary.WATTERS: Come on.Roger from St. George, Utah: Was Diddy just testing the waters?No relation.Melinda from Texas: Mayor Pete won't be laughing when the electric grid goes down and the only people with working phones are those with landlines.Aha. Sneaky Pete. Can't even fix a pothole.Michael from Steamboat Springs, Colorado: I've been there, did a ski shot. Amazing. Can Mayor Pete fit his bike in those nerd mobiles?I know there's some real manly men that have electric cars and I'm sorry.Laurie from Mississippian: In '86, I looked awesome in a bikini too, but I lived off vodka, saltines, and cigarettes.The diet of champions.Evan from Florida: Last night, my dog was barking at the wolf you had on the show.Awooo. We love Wolfie.Jim from Robbinsville, New Jersey: A guy named Wolf is criticizing us for referring to killers as animals?Yes, Blitzer has really got to get it together.The book still doing very well still on "The Times" list. We love you.'Sam from Connecticut: My wife gives me Havana syndrome every time I don't do the dishes.Oh, you poor guy.I'm Watters and this is my world.