LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I didn't see the movie. I'm not going to see it. But yes.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Congratulations to Shakira on never being booked in Hollywood again. But she's missing the whole point of "Barbie," which is to find out if your son is straight. Okay? That's why you take him. If he likes it, he's not; if he doesn't he is and that's fine.INGRAHAM: We are getting in trouble.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm here tonight to declare that Joe Biden's border bloodbath ends the day I take the oath of office.WATTERS: Trump hijacks the left's bloodbath hoax.TRUMP: Hold on to your britches.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Rather than the problem really being DEI, maybe the problem is you.MAYOR BRANDON SCOTT (D), BALTIMORE, MARYLAND: We know what they want to say, but they don't have the courage to say the N-word.WATTERS: They really hate DEI Thursdays.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This card over here is for when you're being harassed, you'd hand it to somebody else. And it gives them instructions on how they can help you.WATTERS: San Francisco has a new way to fight crime -- playing cards.Plus, she is back.NAIA OKAMI, IDENTIFIED AS WOLF: (Howls)WATTERS: "Fake news," you've heard it, you love it, but who coined it? It wasn't Trump, it was Hillary.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER US SECRETARY OF STATE: It's now clear that so- called fake news can have real-world consequences. This isn't about politics or partisanship, lives are at risk.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But Hillary wasn't a saleswoman, Trump turned those two words into a campaign slogan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIM ACOSTA, CNN ANCHOR AND CORRESPONDENT: President-elect --TRUMP: Go ahead.ACOSTA: President-elect, since you are attacking our news organization.TRUMP: Not you. Not you.ACOSTA: Can you give us a chance --TRUMP: Your organization is terrible.ACOSTA: You're attacking our news organization.TRUMP: Your organization is terrible. Let's go.ACOSTA: Can you give us a chance to ask a question, sir.TRUMP: Go ahead. Quiet.ACOSTA: Sir, can you state. Mr. President-elect --TRUMP: Quiet. Quiet.ACOSTA: Mr. President-elect, can you state categorically --TRUMP: Go ahead. She is asking a question. Don't be rude.ACOSTA: Mr. President-elect, can you give us a -- you're attacking us. Can you give us a question.TRUMP: Don't be rude. No, I am not going to give you a question. I am not going to give you a question.ACOSTA: Can you state categorically --TRUMP: You are fake news.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And whenever Trump said fake news, the media wailed, which meant it worked. Since they're all talk no action, Democrats know the power of words.Last month, Trump said there would be a bloodbath in the auto industry from China dumping cheap cars through Mexico behind Biden's back. And suddenly, the bloodbath hoax was born. And just like last time, Trump flipped it and branded them with it.Today, the former president in Michigan, at an event he called Biden's border bloodbath.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I stand before you today declare the Joe Biden's border bloodbath, and that's what it is, it is a bloodbath. They tried to use that term incorrectly on me two weeks ago. You know, it's all about misinformation.It's a border bloodbath, and it's destroying our country. It's a very bad thing happening. It's going to end on the day that I take office, which will be January 20th, it will end.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Donald Trump is turning disinformation into information. Here's the proof.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: A 25-year-old Michigan woman named Ruby Garcia, who has become a very well-known name, beautiful young woman, was savagely murdered by an illegal alien criminal. Under the Trump administration, this monster had been deported, thrown out of the country. He wasn't going to be able to come back and Crooked Joe Biden took him back and let him back in and let him stay in and then he viciously killed Ruby.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Twenty-five-year-old Ruby Garcia was found riddled with bullet holes on the side of the freeway. An illegal alien killer led in by Biden, and just like Laken Riley, the White House was caught flatfooted.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: There is now a case of somebody who was in this country illegally, allegedly murdering a young woman this time in Michigan. Her name was Ruby Garcia.Donald Trump is out there now calling this Biden's border bloodbath. What do you call it?KIRBY: Well, first of all, while I'm not aware of the specifics of this case, I mean, that's just terrible news. And our thoughts and prayers obviously go to the family of Miss Garcia. I mean, that's the kind of news no family ever wants to get ever.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden's bloodbath at the border is seeping into the swing state suburbs and his team is clueless.Trump actually deported the illegal, but Biden led him back in to kill Ruby. Trump's platform: Clean up Biden's bloodbath.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: On day one I will seal the border and we'll begin the largest domestic deportation operation in the history of our country.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And if other countries say they won't take them back, we're not going to take them back. I will say that, yes, here they come. You're just going to hold on -- hold on to your britches because here they come.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: While Trump tries to stop the Biden bloodbath, the media says Trump will create an imaginary one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REID: The difference between religion and a cult is in religion your savior dies for you as Jesus did. In a cult, you're asked to die for your savior. And you know what Donald Trump is doing, it is equal parts the power of positive thinking, which is the church to the extent that it's a church that he grew up in. But it's also -- it's kind of David Koresh. It's kind of Jim Jones.Because those two men started by saying you need to come to Jesus. They started as Christian evangelizers. But eventually their evangelism said no, I get to have your wife. No, actually, I get to tell you to kill these federal agents that are outside. I'm asking you to pick up a machine gun and shoot them because I don't want to go to jail.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: These people have a blood fetish. They have to fantasize about future Trump bloodbaths because they can't face the Biden bloodbath today. They're disassociating themselves from reality to avoid accountability and brainwash their voters.They've OD'ed on the Kool-Aid so badly, they believe their own hoaxes. Trump today, transitioning Biden's democracy hoax. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I heard somebody say it, a scholar say it, two or three days ago said if we don't win, this may be the last election our country ever has. And there could be truth there, that's where we're going, because Joe Biden is a threat to democracy. He's the threat to democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Both men running against Biden say he's the threat to democracy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I can make the argument that President Biden is a much worse threat to democracy, and the reason for that is, President Biden is the first candidate in history, the first president in history that has used the federal agencies to censor political speech, so to censor his opponent.President Biden is the first -- first president history to use the secret - - his power over the Secret Service to deny Secret Service protection to one of his political opponents for political reasons.He is weaponizing a federal agency.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: CNN anchors are so useless and overpaid. Producers now have to factcheck their guests after they've left. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIEL DALE, CNN REPORTER: He asserted that President Biden denied -- has denied him Secret Service protection in this election. First of all, there is no evidence that President Biden has been at all personally involved in decisions about who should and should not get Secret Service protection.He also claimed that President Biden has been personally censoring him. We know there is a controversy about a White House communications with social media companies about what posts and accounts should remain up or not. There is no evidence that Biden has been involved whatsoever.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, CNN says Biden is not personally involved in the Biden administration. CNN doesn't factcheck Democrat guests, only Republicans and Independents. Oh, and only after they've left and can't respond.What a chicken way of doing the news. You don't debate or have a conversation live, you slap the guests with fake factchecks on their way out, and then hold their noses up in the air.Since they can't air the truth, they control the storyline, and they have lost control of it -- from bloodbath to democracy.Last night, Hillary tried framing the election like this: Both guys are old, but you can't vote for the one we indicted.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIMMY FALLON, "THE TONIGHT SHOW STARRING JIMMY FALLON" HOST: What do you say to voters who are upset that those are the two choices?HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER US SECRETARY OF STATE: Get over yourselves. Those are the two choices.One is old and effective and compassionate, has a heart and really cares about people; and one is old and has been charged with 91 felonies.I don't understand why this was even a hard choice. Really?FALLON: Yes, yes.CLINTON: I don't understand it, but have to go through the election and hopefully people will realize what's at stake because it's an existential question.What kind of country we're going to have, what kind of democracy we're going to have and people who blow that off are not paying attention because it's not like Trump, his enablers, his empowerers, his allies are not telling us what they want to do.I mean, they're pretty clear about what kind of country they want.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Pay attention to what Hillary didn't say. She didn't say this election is about are you better off? She didn't say anything about their records or their policies. She said the old guy cares, and there is no evidence he cares. That's another hoax.Show me you care and stop the bloodbath.Let's bring in Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders.I mean, it is deft. The former president now flipping bloodbath and making it about Biden's border policies. We're seeing these hoaxes fall one by one by one. How would you assess the Biden campaign?GOV. SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS (R-AR): Well, I think that they are in desperation mode, and I think it's clear.I will say I finally found something that I agree with CNN on. I don't know that Joe Biden is personally involved in his administration. I'm not even sure if he knows he is president most of the time.WATTERS: Yes.SANDERS: But what I do know is that his team and his administration are screwing up literally everything they touch.We had a strong economy under President Trump, we had a secure border, we had national security that actually meant something. Our values, the things that matter to Americans were being upheld.Every single thing that they do is at the destruction of our great country. It's why we are seeing President Trump's numbers continue to surge, and they are looking for anything they can to distract from these two people's records.This is a very clear contrast. You have one person who was a president that had a tremendous and successful record, and one that has a record of complete disaster.President Trump is winning because the contrast is clear and they will look for any and everything they can to distract from that.WATTERS: You need to hear what Trump said about Joe Biden threatening Medicare and Social Security by opening up the border. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We are actually becoming, if you think about it, a third world country, and we're not going to let that happen. We're not going to let it happen.So to every Wisconsin voter, if you want to help Joe Biden wheel granny off the cliff -- if you want to help Joe Biden wheel granny off the cliff to fund government benefits for illegals, then vote for crooked Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: He has taken the Obama line, wheel granny off the cliff and throwing it right to Joe.SANDERS: And he is exactly right. If we continue to fund and allow illegal immigrants to flood into our country and bankrupt our system, then it is going to be really hard for us to fund programs that are necessary for seniors and for the vulnerable population that already exists in our country.You cannot have a sovereign country if you do not have a secure border. Every single person in this country knows that, but Joe Biden is willing to throw our country away so that he can get more votes by letting people pour across our border. We have an absolute humanitarian and national security crisis taking place at the border.Just yesterday, I was with some of the bravest, most amazing members of the Arkansas National Guard who are headed to help aid Texas because the federal government is refusing to do their job and secure our border. I'm thankful that we have men and women who are willing to go and serve and we will continue to do the job if we have to as states until President Trump takes office again and starts to focus on doing his job and actually securing our border.WATTERS: Well, thank you for sending those men and women down there. I mean, every little bit counts and Sarah Huckabee Sanders, you know how much of a rumor monger I am. I hear things.I'm hearing some things about you and a possible ticket. Would that be something you'd be interested in?SANDERS: You know, I will do anything and everything I can to help President Trump get re-elected, but I just became governor of Arkansas. I love my job and I look forward to having it for the next seven years.WATTERS: Wow. That Governor's Mansion must be really nice down there in Arkansas.SANDERS: You need to come and visit us down in Arkansas, Jesse. We'd love to host you.WATTERS: I would love to be down in Arkansas. Thank you so much. We'll have to take you up on that. Have a great night.SANDERS: Thanks for having me.WATTERS: PRIMETIME takes you inside the Diddy raid.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Fox News Alert: New video inside the Diddy raid posted by his ex- girlfriend showing Feds inside the walls of his LA mansion.Bill Melugin has more -- Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Jesse, for the very first time now, we're starting to see video that purports to show the exact moment the Feds arrived to raid Diddy's home here in LA last week, and that video makes one thing crystal clear, the Feds were not messing around.So take a look: Surveillance video posted on Instagram by Diddy's ex and edited together for multiple camera angles shows armored law enforcement vehicles arriving on the streets before armed agents quickly check vehicles in the driveway then entered the Holmby Hills home.Now inside, Homeland Security agents can be seen disabling at least one surveillance camera and then even using a drone -- take a look at that -- to scout out ahead in the hallways.Eventually both of Diddy's sons can be seen being detained by agents and taken outside the home.Now, Diddy's ex is outraged by the scope of the raid, posting on Instagram that she felt it was overzealous and overtly militarized against Diddy's sons. She went on to question if such a response would have happened if they were the sons of a non-Black celebrity. She said it was unnecessary for rifles to be pointed at Diddy's sons.Now, Fox News sources at the federal level confirm that these HSI raids at Diddy's properties here in LA and in Miami were in connection to a federal sex trafficking probe. Video obtained by TMZ shows the aftermath of that raid inside of Diddy's LA property, pretty much depicting the home essentially turned inside out as you can see.And Jesse, we did reach out to Diddy's attorneys, his ex and DHS for comment, we haven't heard back from anybody yet, but Diddy has not been arrested, nor has he been charged with any crime yet, and his lawyers have previously denied any wrongdoing.We'll send it back to you.WATTERS: Not messing around. That's what it looks like.MELUGIN: Yes.WATTERS: Thanks very much.Trump has been gagged, again. Judge Juan Merchan who is presiding over Trump's so-called hush money case in New York slapped an even bigger gag order on the former president last night.Trump is banned from talking about the judge's family. Why? Because the judges family was paid by the Biden campaign. The judge's family is currently being paid by Adam Schiff, over $10 million.Adam Schiff, this is the guy who conspired with Michael Cohen, the star witness in this case.Trump isn't allowed to say that the judge's daughter is a Democrat consultant, whose clients, the Biden campaign and Adam Schiff, are fundraising off Trump's indictment.The judge's family is getting rich off Trump trials and he is presiding over one. And if Trump is convicted, his family financially benefits, and instead of recusing because of a glaring conflict of interest. The judge is gagging Trump for pointing out the conflict of interest.Even Michael Avenatti says it is nuts. The lawyer tweeting this from prison: "We can't be hypocrites when it comes to the First Amendment. It's outrageous that Cohen and Daniels can do countless TV interviews, post on social, and make money on bogus documentaries, all by talking ish about Trump. But he's gagged and threatened with jail if he responds."The judge is threatening to put Trump in jail for pointing out that his liberal family is getting rich off this trial and richer, if he is convicted.Now the media who doesn't support the First Amendment or care about corruption covers it this way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABBY PHILLIP, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT AND ANCHOR OF "NEWSLIGHT WITH ABBY PHILLIP": The judge overseeing Donald Trump's hush money trial just expanded a gag order forbidding the defendant and former president from attacking his own family.NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC: He doesn't just take his right to due process. He smears the judge, he harasses the judge's daughter.NORM EISEN, CNN LEGAL ANALYST: President Trump, our former chief executive is using the bully pulpit that comes with being a former president to put people in grave danger, quite apart from his attacks on the judge's daughter, which are totally uncalled for.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The judge's daughter isn't seven, she is 34. He is not attacking her. He's just saying what she does for a living. How is that an attack? He just wants a new judge. One whose family isn't funded by Democrats.Ned Ryun is the founder of American Majority. Is that too much to ask?NED RYUN, CEO, AMERICAN MAJORITY: It's really not, Jesse. It's pretty appalling. This feels like a turning point in all of this lawfare against Trump with this case. The left is dropping any pretense, doesn't seem to care at all about having any pretense of legitimacy with the greater public.The gloves are off. It's bare knuckles now. A leftist judge with a case that was not taken up by previous -- the Southern District of New York, Bragg's predecessor, a case that should never have been brought. He's presiding over it.Trump simply points out his daughter -- the conflict of interest with his daughter, who by the way, it's $93 million in solicitations raised on this specific case and all Trump did was point out these facts and instead of recusing himself, the judge goes you need to shut up and the corporate propagandists with their circus seal act, obediently rise to the occasion and say Trump is attacking the daughter.No, he is just pointing out facts.I mean, Jesse, this is a gross -- the attack on Trump's constitutional rights to defend himself, the abuse of the law, the legal system on Trump, it's -- I have to tell you, the Democrats, the left have made a massive bet on all of this lawfare that some of it will take Trump out. I'm making a bet that this lawfare is going to blow up in their face.When things like this really break in on the normies that are watching this, they are going to read realize the gross abuse of power that the left is actually doing to try and bring down Trump because Orange Man bad. And then anything anywhere anytime is acceptable because Orange Man bad.WATTERS: The normies woke up over Easter weekend when the White House called it Trans Visibility Day. Here is the former president just about an hour ago on the campaign trail. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: What the hell was Biden thinking when he declared Easter Sunday to be Trans Visibility Day?(BOOING)TRUMP: Such total disrespect to Christians and November 5th is going to be, I will call it something else. You know what it is going to be called? Christian Visibility Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Christian Visibility Day.RYUN: Yes.WATTERS: I'll give you a couple seconds on that.RYUN: Well, I would say also Patriot Visibility Day, in which patriots who love the country, love the Constitution, love the idea of sovereignty and citizenship actually rise up and say, we're going to protect this country. We're going to vote Trump in for another four years to return us to normal.WATTERS: All right, back to normal. That's all we want.RYUN: That's right.WATTERS: A normal judge, a normal election.RYUN: That's right.WATTERS: It's not that hard.Ned, thanks so much.RYUN: That's right. Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: The wolf returns to Primetime.(YouTube/IWonder VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: As cities get more dangerous, the liberals who run them have to cook up crazier ways for people to protect themselves.Instead of prosecuting crime, New York told commuters to distract dangerous vagrants who raise their fists by spilling soda. Now if that doesn't work, you're supposed to say, hey, didn't we go to high school together? Because the one thing homeless can't resist is bragging to their old classmates about how well they're doing.San Francisco has an even better idea. No one feels safe riding the subway, so they want riders to carry a flimsy piece of paper. It's called an intervention card.How does that work? Well, if you spot someone who is about to get sexually assaulted, you pass them a card that says "I got you." Or if you're about to get punched in the face, you hand someone a card that says "You got me?"(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hello, we're two college students who are BART riders.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And safety is really important to us. So we're going to go ask for the Bystander Intervention Cards.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hello, excuse me, will we be able to have some Bystander Intervention Cards, please?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, sure. Hang on.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you so much.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I really appreciate these cards because they gave me a concrete way to deal with an unsafe situation. I'm not very equipped to deal with them on my own, and these cards give me a sense of community.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Emily Wilson, host of "Emily Saves America" joins me now.Can you save San Francisco, please?EMILY WILSON, HOST, "EMILY SAVES AMERICA": You know what the funniest part about this is, it actually sounds like it's written by the criminals. But it's written by the Democrats, so we're not that far off.WATTERS: Right. Because you know why they're asking everybody to open their purse to take out a card while people are hovering over them about to steal their purse.WILSON: Yes, I mean, you know, they actually could make this useful. Instead of paper, what we could do is we could make it out of metal like a medieval shield, since we're kind of going back to the Dark Ages anyways.WATTERS: Or you could just have everybody carry a gun and you don't need a card.WILSON: Yes. I mean, you know what's so funny about these young girls? I tell them I'm like, look, at this point, if you're voting anything but red, you're basically begging to become a statistic.WATTERS: Can you do us a favor and go to the subway in San Francisco with a film crew and pass out cards and see if this works, Emily?WILSON: Yes. I'm sure it'll work and I won't bother calling the cops because we don't want to summon them as they say, even though that's their job.WATTERS: Okay, well, we could summon some justice for once. That would be helpful. Don't be a statistic. Be like Emily. Don't ride the subway. Or if you do bring a Glock. Thanks, Emily.WILSON: Yup. Or our shields.WATTERS: Well, Democrats say DEI is the new N-word.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Four years ago, corporate America flooded the zone with DEI programs right after George Floyd, and now CEOs are dropping them like a bad habit.AXIOS says mentions of DEI during corporate earnings calls are down 75 percent. Businesses realize just how toxic it is. And now the term is so radioactive Democrats are redefining it. DEI is now a racial slur.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTT: I am a young Black man, a young Black mayor in this country. We know that there are a lot of racism folks who don't think I should be in this job. I know that. I've been Black my whole life I know how racists and racism goes in this country.But my focus is always going to be on those people. I didn't want to be out there that night answering questions about DEI. I'm worried about the loss of life.We know how ridiculous that is. Those folks who are afraid, as I've said this week to use the N-word.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Let's be clear, not every Black hire is a DEI hire, far from it. But what they want to do is turn DEI into the N-word to scare you away from discussing it. They made up the word, but you can't use it.And if you can't say DEI, you can't criticize it, or get rid of it and that's the goal.Chris Rufo is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and he joins me now. So they created DEI and now we can't say it.CHRISTOPHER RUFO, SENIOR FELLOW, MANHATTAN INSTITUTE: Yes, it's quite convenient.The same people who have spent billions of dollars building up DEI bureaucracies in government and universities, even in private corporations are now saying that it is a verboten. It's a forbidden word, you can't talk about it.And the same people who say we're now hiring people on the basis of DEI get very angry if you point out that they're hiring people on the basis of DEI. And so we see a pattern that repeats itself over and over.The left has a bad idea, it fails; the right points out the failure, and then the left simply changes the language. So we need to keep focusing -- I am pointing out exactly what DEI is, exactly why it doesn't work, and not let the scare mongering and fear mongering stop us.WATTERS: Where do you see the DEI movement going? You heard everyone is just not even mentioning it anymore. It's a problem. It's not profitable, it hurts corporate culture. Where do you see the next two or three years?RUFO: I think it's going to be a drag out fight over DEI, and luckily, we have governors like DeSantis in Florida and now half dozen other states that have abolished DEI in all of their state universities, they are setting the template for getting rid of this.But what I think it's going to take beyond that is coordinated lawsuits to show that DEI programs are actually a violation of American civil rights law. They systematically discriminate against White and Asian men in particular and it is going to take mobilizing public opinion, so that we're talking about the facts, we're talking about the truth, and we're talking about getting back to a system of colorblind equality in which everyone is treated equally as an individual, not as an avatar of their race or sexuality, which is against the very principles that we should be fighting for in this country.WATTERS: We can already predict what's going to happen. The minute you get in there and start uprooting DEI programs, you're going to be savagely attacked as attacking Civil Rights or taking away legal protections for minorities.RUFO: Yes, it is all bark and no bite and my role as a trustee at New College of Florida, one of the first things that we did is abolish the DEI department. There were protesters, there were angry people, there were e- mails, there were even some threats when we first arrived on campus.Now fast forward six months, it's totally quiet. It's all bark, no bite. Republican politicians just need to get the job done.WATTERS: That's good to hear. I think a lot of people need to hear that message. Thanks so much. Chris Rufo on the frontlines of the DEI battle.RUFO: Thank you.WATTERS: Besides the Bay of Pigs invasion and the Cuban Missile Crisis, JFK did something else that put him at complete odds with the national security state.President Kennedy proposed an end to the Cold War, not victory, but an end to the Cold War.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN F. KENNEDY, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Not a Pax Americana enforced on the world by American weapons of war. Not the peace of the grave or the security of the slave. I am talking about genuine peace, the kind of peace that makes life on earth worth living, the kind that enables men and nations to grow and to hope and to build a better life for their children -- not merely peace for Americans but peace for all men and women -- not merely peace in our time, but peace in all time.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Proposing a peaceful resolution to the Cold War made Kennedy an enemy to the CIA and the Pentagon. The containment policy and the arms race was incredibly profitable for the military industrial complex, and Kennedy's speech at American University in 1963 proposed an end to those profits.The entire nation had been mobilized in a constant state of readiness for a war and the CIA was the tip of the spear and when it was created in 1947, Secretary of State George Marshall warned Truman that the CIA's power was almost unlimited. The government sanction the CIA to conduct covert operations such as propaganda, economic warfare, sabotage, demolition, Subversion, and lethal assistance to guerrilla movements.The CIA was a licensed paramilitary operation. They had a license to assassinate.Now, the architect to the containment strategy called the CIA's clandestine authority, the greatest mistake I've ever made. The CIA Charter allowed them to lie, deny responsibility, and violate international law without consulting anyone in order to maintain plausible deniability, which made CIA operatives extremely creative.Without President Eisenhower even knowing, the CIA contracted the mafia to assassinate Castro. And when JFK announced his goal of ending the Cold War, this was against everything the CIA stood for, and put them on a deadly collision course.WATTERS: She's back.OKAMI: (Howls)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Hitting the casino is a good time. Blackjack, Roulette, free drinks, but in the end, the house always wins.("CASINO" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is the end result of all the bright lights and the camp trips, of all the champagne, and free hotel suites and all the broads and all the booze. It's all been arranged just for us to get your money.That's the truth about Las Vegas. We are the only winners. The players don't stand a chance.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The casinos always win because they have a statistical edge. You might win a couple hands, but the more you play, the higher chance you have of losing. Even if you walk away with some cash, some other sucker has lost his shirt.Don't look at me.Free rooms, drink, shows -- they're just to get people to gamble in the desert. It's all about volume. That's their edge. Democrats had a similar edge, but they're starting to lose it.A few years back, Democrats stopped focusing on persuasion and just started going for the numbers. That's why they blast out ballots to as many people as possible, it gives them the edge. Young voters, Black voters, Hispanic voters, Democrats have relied on these votes for decades -- not anymore.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: It's horrifying our numbers among younger voters, particularly Black -- younger blacks, younger Latinos or whatever, whatever younger -- younger people of color, particularly males.We're not shedding them. They're leaving in the droves.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Democrats can't win if college kids and Blacks go Trump. So one of the Democrats' top data guru is warning the party, stop registering new voters. He wrote it in a secret memo that "The Post" got a hold of.He says: "If we were to blindly register non-voters and get them on the rolls, we would be distinctly aiding Trump's quest for a personal dictatorship. This will not work in 2024."Now if Republicans did this, they'd call it voter suppression.Democrats now want fewer people to vote, because they can't run on the issues. All they want to talk about is Tranuary Sixth.In "Get It Together," people from all walks of life opened up to me. They shared their life stories and their deepest secrets. Some people are anti- work, some want to decriminalize drugs, and others identify as wolves. You remember Naia Okami. She is a friend of PRIMETIME.(YouTube/IWonder VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)OKAMI: (Howls)(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Not only is Naia a polyamorous British Columbian wolf, but she is also an elite hacker who takes down sex traffickers.This lone wolf's only prey are pedophiles.Naia Okami joins me now. Naia, how are you?OKAMI: Good. How are you? It's good to be on again.WATTERS: It's good to have you back Have you read "Get It Together"? You have a prominent chapter.OKAMI: So I actually before coming on, I did take some time to, of course, read my chapter because I'm in it, as well as I'll be completely honest with you, I have not finished it. But I did read some of the other stories that I found interesting.WATTERS: Were you pleased with how you were profiled in "Get It Together" as a transgender person who identifies as a wolf?OKAMI: Yes. I thought the way I was profiled was pretty respectful and accurate. I did kind of enjoy the way certain things were presented. I thought it was funny you felt flirted with by me. That genuinely made me laugh when I started reading that.I was just like, oh, that's interesting.WATTERS: Are you saying I got the wrong idea?OKAMI: Unfortunately so.WATTERS: Oh, God. I am so humiliated. I'm going to try to move on from that.Explain again to the audience, Naia, who's unfamiliar with your identity. How exactly you feel you're a wolf.OKAMI: I think that's what a lot of people actually get wrong. It is a very minor part of who I am on a day-to-day sort of basis. I definitely connect with the idea of wolf.Wolf is definitely, I guess, a symbol for myself. I find a lot of things in common, but I don't think I'm an actual wolf. And when -- you know, that's one of the things I enjoyed when I was reading the book is I think that was portrayed pretty well.You know, most people they'll have me on and they'll be like, Look at this -- look at this person. You know, they're -- they think they're a wolf. They think that they're -- you know, in the wrong body. Look at this loon. And I feel like you know, that's not what I'm about. That's never what I've been about.WATTERS: So you're saying I'm a great writer with a sophisticated understanding of the human condition, but you're not interested in me? I understand.OKAMI: Listen, it's not your fault. You're not a girl, okay?WATTERS: Okay. That softens the blow. You do frolic with wolves. You go to wolf sanctuaries. You nuzzle them, you cuddle them. Explain how that looks?OKAMI: Yes. I'll go to different wolf sanctuaries occasionally. I'll do the like wolf interaction tours. It looks like anybody else, I guess, who does the tours.WATTERS: Okay. And if you want to know anything about Naia, how she or he became who she or he is, a wolf, spiritually. Anything about her, fascinating read, "Get It Together." She endorses it. So you know, it's legit.Naia, thank you very much. How's Raven by the way, our friend?OKAMI: We are no longer thing. I have a fox that I am talking to.WATTERS: Ooh, a fox. Can I get a little howl just to cap us off here.OKAMI: As always. (Howls)WATTERS: Naia, PRIMETIME loves you. Thank you so much for joining us.OKAMI: No problem. Thank you.WATTERS: This rain is starting to get to me. I don't know about you guys, but it's been raining here on the East Coast for about, I don't know, three straight days and we're supposed to get rain for the next 48 hours.So if I'm not myself, that explains it.Let's do texts.Bill from Clifton, Virginia: Given all the craziness in the news, do you really have to add to it with howling guests?Awoo.Raul from Missouri: Well, I laughed when Hillary said "Get over yourself." Maybe Hillary should get over herself first.Maybe Hillary should get it together.Thomas from Hawaii: They gag Trump, but they can't gag the rest of us.Great point. And as we heard, election day will be Christian Visibility Day.Rebecca from Pennsylvania: Trump gets gag for pointing out a conflict, but they can say Barron Trump is fair game.Sick.Jeff from Laurelville, Ohio: You need to get on the subway and pass out cards that say "Get It Together."Sure do.Karen from New York: Hey, Jesse. Where'd you get that pink sport you wore out to dinner for Jesse, Jr.'s birthday?Clay Travis' closet. I was going full Clay on Easter or Trans Visibility Day, excuse me.DVR the show. Get, "Get It Together" and always remember, I'm Watters and this is my world.