CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: He escaped from a riding club nearby and took off.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Boy, he's in a rush.HURT: Saw the freeway and decided to just open -- wide open.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's what you call some horsepower.HURT: That's right. That's right. You're original.PERINO: Come on.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I refuse to.PERINO: That's it for us. Have a great night. We'll see you tomorrow.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Mike Emanuel in for Bret Baier.President Biden promises to forgive more than a billion dollars in student debt.Chinese nationals crossing into the U.S. in droves at one Southern California location.And Bret Baier with a preview of his exclusive interview with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy from the front line.But first, breaking tonight, the investigation into the family business of the president turned its focus to his brother. James Biden spent much of the day before House lawmakers taking questions about his role in where the president fits in.Correspondent David Spunt is live on Capitol Hill. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Mike, good evening to you. James Biden is still behind closed doors for his transcribed interview. It began a little bit after 10:30 this morning. And we pressed Mr. Biden as he walked his way into the building today on a few questions.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT: Did you use your brother's name to help sell influence, Sir?SPUNT (voice over): James Biden arrive to a throng of reporters. In the private but on the record interview, he strongly denied using his brother's name for influence. Republicans leading the impeachment probe into the president. Today's interview focuses on Joe Biden before he became president.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): I think today we're largely going to focus on that pre-candidate time, I call that the money, the business, the brand. That'll be the focus, I think of today's questioning specifically, relative to Jim Biden's involvement, James Biden's involvement with CFC, AmeriCorps.SPUNT (voice over): CFC is the Chinese energy company that has ties to both the Communist Party and Hunter Biden in his opening statement today, James Biden told members, "I have had a 50-year career in a variety of business ventures. Joe Biden has never had any involvement or any direct or indirect financial interest in those activities. None."Democrats downplayed today's testimony and repeatedly pointed to a court filing we told you about last night, alleging that Alexander Smirnov, the former FBI informant, charged with lying about Hunter and Joe Biden, accepting millions in bribes from a Ukrainian energy firm had contacts with Russian intelligence.REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): I'm restating my call to Chairman Comer, to Speaker Johnson to fold up the tent to this circus show.SPUNT (voice over): One week from today, Hunter Biden will appear for his deposition on Capitol Hill. He will be under oath taking questions from both Republicans and Democrats.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (on camera): Mike, just a few days ago, President Biden called on Republicans to end this impeachment inquiry and Republican source says, just not going to happen. Mike, back to you.EMANUEL: David Spunt live on the Hill. David, thanks very much.President Biden is in California to meet with supporters, raise money and trying to quell growing fears about his mental and physical fitness. He's also trying to appeal to younger voters with another major push for student loan forgiveness.And there's some rare good news for the president on the polling front, White House Correspondent Peter Doocy has details tonight. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: And Mike, just in the last 15 minutes or so, we spoke to a White House official inside who is not waving us off a political report tonight that while Congress remains stuck on trying to fix things at the border, President Biden is considering trying to do something on his own with an executive action that would in part, make it impossible for people to claim asylum in between ports of entry.So, basically, people would have to go line up where there are Border Patrol agents if they are going to declare asylum once illegal crossings release -- reach rather a certain number per day.That's just one of the problems President Biden is trying to fix. He also wants to throw a lifeline to people struggling to pay back student loans.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The economy is growing.DOOCY (voice over): President Biden is leading Donald Trump by four points in a hypothetical head-to-head, 49 to 45 according to a Quinnipiac survey, even though Trump is seen as having much better physical fitness and mental fitness than Biden.MATT GORMAN, FORMER TIM SCOTT ADVISER: What I'm seeing a lot of is shades of the 2016 Hillary campaign where the Biden campaign says, you know, we think Donald Trump's a bad guy and the voters are going to eventually see it too. I would be concerned if I was a Biden supporter right now.DOOCY (voice over): The president joked to donors in California, by the way, I know I'm only 40 years old, times two. But you know, the only thing I do know is that I may not run as I used to, but I tell you what, I have been around long enough to know what's going on.JIM MESSINA, FORMER BARACK OBAMA CAMPAIGN MANAGER: It's going to be a close election, it's going to be done in six or seven states. But like if you just play -- if you play poker really, and you look at our cards versus Trump's cards, you'd way rather have our cards here.DOOCY (voice over): Top Democrats are betting an emphasis on climate change and gun control will keep young voters behind Biden.JEFFRIES: What we have to do is make sure we're talking to our young people about their hopes, their dreams, their aspirations, their fears, their concerns and their anxieties.DOOCY (voice over): The president is hoping $1.2 billion in new student loan debt forgiveness helps too.BIDEN: Folks, I'm happy to have been able to forgive these loans because when we realize and relieve Americans of their student debt, they're free to chase their dreams.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): And once President Biden stepped away from the microphones, somebody asked him if he is concerned that this new loan forgiveness plan could get struck down in court like some of his previous loan forgiveness plans and President Biden said and this is a quote, "I don't have a worry at all," Mike.EMANUEL: Peter Doocy live on the North Lawn. Peter, thanks a lot.Stocks were mixed today. The down gained -- the Dow gained 48, the S&P 500 was up six, NASDAQ lost 50.There's a new rift tonight between the United States and Russia, the Moscow has arrested a California woman with dual U.S.-Russian citizenship on treason charges. She's accused of collecting money for a Ukrainian charity. Correspondent Alex Hogan has details tonight from London.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Blindfolded and in handcuffs, new footage said to show American Russian dual citizen Ksenia Karelina now detained in Russia.MATT MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: We continue to see consular access. That's not yet been granted.HOGAN (voice over): Russian authorities arrested the 33-year-old Los Angeles resident on suspicion of treason for raising funds for Ukraine. She allegedly donated $51.00 two years ago to U.S. based charity Razom which provides humanitarian relief for Ukraine.ELEONORA SREBROSKI, FORMER KSENIA KARELINA MOTHER-IN-LAW: We need to create some noise. We need to give some attention to this cause.HOGAN (voice over): Her former mother-in-law Eleonora sounding the alarm.SREBROSKI: I'm very concerned and my heart is breaking for her.HOGAN (voice over): The family says Karelina came to the U.S. for a work study program. Initially living in Maryland before moving to California where she works as a spa manager in Beverly Hills.Her boyfriend tells Fox's William La Jeunesse that Ksenia missed her family and went home to see them.CHRIS VAN HEERDEN, KSENIA KARELINA BOYFRIEND: She was calm and she was like, yes, I'm in Russia, I'm going home. Like, I'm fine.HOGAN (voice over): Karelina was arrested in the same town where Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich was detained almost a year ago. Gershkovich remains behind bars on claims of espionage which he denies as does former Marine Paul Whelan.Just this week, Moscow court denied Gershkovich's latest appeal.MILLER: No American citizens should consider traveling to Russia for any reason. Period.HOGAN (voice over): And after opposition leader Alexei Navalny died in a Russian jail Friday, the U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine warns the stakes are higher now.BRIDGET BRINK, U.S. AMBASSADOR TO UKRAINE: Based on the way Putin treats his own people. It is of great concern how Putin treats also American citizens.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOGAN (on camera): The State Department says because Russia does not recognize dual citizenship, that will make cases like Karelina's much more difficult. If convicted, she could face 20 years behind bars, Mike.EMANUEL: Alex Hogan live in London. Alex, thanks a lot. William La Jeunesse will bring you more of his interview with Ksenia Karelina's boyfriend tomorrow.Tonight, we begin a special look at the situation in Ukraine. My colleague Bret Baier spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy ahead of the two year anniversary of Russia's invasion. Bret has a preview of that interview from Ukraine.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Mike, good evening. Welcome to Kharkiv, Ukraine. I'm standing in front of the Northern Avdiivka apartment buildings. These were hit in the first weeks of the war by Russian artillery coming from this direction.We just finished an exclusive sit down interview with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. His first ever on the front lines in a war with Russia now two years running this weekend.Zelenskyy is determined to address all criticism head on and to try to get world support to push back Vladimir Putin forces. Possibly end up at a negotiating table with a strong hand to play.We started off this trip from the U.S. and flew to Warsaw, Poland. From there, a four hour drive south to a small town to catch a special overnight 12-hour train to Kyiv. From there, a seven-hour drive in an armored truck to Kharkiv. A brief stop at a curfew closed hotel and then a four-hour drive to the front lines. The town of Kupiansk, just a mile and a half from Russian forces. In all, a 700 mile trek across Ukraine.VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT (through translator): What do you need? Is there anything you don't have?UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): As you already know, according to standards, ammunition.BAIER (voice over): Zelenskyy had a very tight military security, a constant volley of artillery back and forth could be heard throughout our interview.ZELENSKYY: We have to be more quick. That means to lose all the bureaucracy what we have, otherwise we will not have any chance.So, to be smart technology, more technological. And of course, quick. It's not money, it's people's live.BAIER: Now we've seen Russia on the move. It took full control of this town Avdiivka south of here, it's the biggest gain -- as you hear an artillery round there -- the biggest gain in nine months for Russia. And is -- does that mean that we're seeing the tide turn here? That war change.ZELENSKYY: It is not (INAUDIBLE) because you're in these two years, they divided the Kharkiv region, nowhere in this region, also with dozens of villages, small villages and cities. And also we unblocked the Black Sea.Now we have the train routes and etcetera. and destroyed a lot of their ships Russian fleet, that what we did during two years.Yes, the last year was mostly complicated for us, the end of the year. But what we -- what we've done I think it was good job and what they could do, only this one place. But what for?BAIER (voice over): After two years, and likely more than 100,000 casualties, Ukraine is war weary, but still determined.After a visit at a hospital in Kharkiv with wounded troops, some of who lost limbs. President Zelenskyy said there is no plan B.BAIER: So, you were upstairs meeting with those soldiers?ZELENSKYY: Yes.BAIER: And what did he say? He lost his leg.ZELENSKYY: Russians took my leg. They can't take my mind and soul.BAIER: Spirit.ZELENSKYY: And my spirit. Yes. (INAUDIBLE) I can't add anything (INAUDIBLE) heroic than this is.BAIER: So, do you see that a lot. Right? You see that fire?ZELENSKYY: It's important to understand what is within people because people on the front line, you see this period, and they are on the front line, but it's very important to see with those who are in the hospital. And also understand, how are they strong.But for them, the pain of course, that you see how they're strong.BAIER: You know, we talked earlier about what happens if the U.S. for some reason does not give you the funds, do you have another option? Is there another option?ZELENSKYY: It's really difficult to find such a you know, similar. Of course, we will find, we will not stay on the same place, we have to survive, to live. We have to find some parallel steps, parallel rules but anyway, you understand that this help is crucial.So without it, sorry, but we will have more and more such heroic guys who will be in the hospitals because if you don't have a real defending shield, and some similar powerful artillery with rounds, of course you will -- you will lose people.BAIER (voice over): In an exclusive in Canada interview President Zelenskyy lays out a way forward with a new commander of Ukrainian forces. He deals with criticism specifically, he talks directly to President Biden and former President Trump and response to recent comments from Russian President Vladimir Putin.I'll start the show off tomorrow from Eastern Ukraine with that interview and more. But for now from Kharkiv, Mike, I'll send it back to you.EMANUEL: Great stuff. Bret, thanks very much. Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT as Bret mentioned, his report from Ukraine's front lines, plus more from Bret's interview with President Zelenskyy.Up next, Southern California is the new hotspot in the border crisis. We will take you there live.And later, the South Carolina primary is coming up fast. Will former Governor Nikki Haley be able to make any headway against former President Trump?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)EMANUEL: A large Alabama hospital is pausing in vitro for realization treatments, following a state court ruling that frozen embryos are the legal equivalent of children. University of Alabama, Birmingham says its division of reproductive endocrinology and infertility has suspended the procedures as it evaluates the decision.We have new video tonight of the growing illegal immigration surge in Southern California. The migrants are coming not just from Mexico, but from countries around the world.Correspondent Bill Melugin is in Jacumba, California tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Southern California feeling the brunt of the border crisis now in year number four.In Jacumba today, Fox News cameras rolled as illegal crossings continued without resistance in the remote terrain of Eastern San Diego County.MELUGIN: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China, yes.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.MELUGIN: Ecuador.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.MELUGIN: Ecuador. Ecuador.MELUGIN (voice over): We use Google Translate to communicate with one of the Chinese men. He told us how his group got to the U.S.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're from Turkey.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Turkey?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Airplane. Did you land in Tijuana, Mexico?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you want a job? Do you want to work?UNIDENTIFIED MALE (text): Yes, I want to work.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN (voice over): Republican Congressman Darrell Issa represents the Jacumba area. He was here today witnessing the surge of illegal crossings in his district.We've just seen more than 20,000 Chinese nationals arrived since October.REP. DARRELL ISSA (R-CA): What I saw today was shocking. Chinese and other nationals from around the world no longer saying they're coming here for asylum. They are admitting they are coming here for jobs. They hear that they'll get in, and they will.MELUGIN (voice over): Border Patrol reports San Diego Sector has now seen over 140,000 illegal crossings since October. That's about the size of Dayton, Ohio. Many coming from Asia.MELUGIN: Where you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Georgia.MELUGIN: Georgia.Ma'am, where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes.MELUGIN: China, China.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: China.MELUGIN: China.ISSA: My message to President Biden is closed down the border based on the policy changes that have allowed this.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Mike, border patrol reports that the number of Chinese nationals crossing illegally right here in the San Diego sector is now up 500 percent over the same time last year. Certainly, matches what we've been seeing on the ground here. We'll send it back to you.EMANUEL: Staggering numbers. Bill Melugin, live at the border. Bill, thanks very much.Prosecutor in Arizona is refusing to extradite to New York a man accused of killing a woman at a hotel there earlier this month.And her reason is quite interesting. Senior correspondent Eric Shawn has details tonight from New York.Good evening, Eric.ERIC SHAWN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Mike.Well, it's a tug of war over a murder suspect between a Republican Arizona prosecutor and the progressive Democratic district attorney in New York.Rachel Mitchell is the Maricopa County attorney in Phoenix, and she is refusing to hand over the murder suspect to Manhattan district attorney Alvin Bragg, who is demanding extradition.Mitchell cites Bragg's reputation that he is soft on crime.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MITCHELL, COUNTY ATTORNEY, MARICOPA COUNTY, ARIZONA: Having observed the treatment of violent criminals in the New York area by the Manhattan D.A. there, Alvin Bragg. I think it's safer to keep him here and keep him in custody.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHAWN: Well, Bragg wants 26-year-old Raad Almansoori put on a plane to face charges that he killed a 38-year-old women in a trendy Manhattan hotel two weeks ago, by bludgeoned her to death with an iron.Police say this video shows him leaving that murder scene. Almansoori, then allegedly flew to Phoenix, where police there say he stabbed a woman at a McDonald's and another woman while attempting to carjack her.A Bragg spokesperson blast his Arizona counterpart for not turning him over, saying, in part, "It is deeply disturbing that D.A. Mitchell is playing political games in a murder investigation. New York's murder rate is less than half that of Phoenix, Arizona.Mitchell's office later said the extradition is being denied because Arizona law requires that Almansoori face his charges and that state first. Mike?EMANUEL: Eric Shawn, live in New York City. Eric, thanks a lot.Up next, we will go live to South Carolina ahead of Saturday's primary to see whether former Governor Nikki Haley can present a challenge to former President Trump. Plus, analysis from bright Hume.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)EMANUEL: A moon lander built by a Houston based company has reached lunar orbit. If all goes well it will be the first American spacecraft to touch down on the moon in more than 50 years. It is expected to land near the moon's south pole in a little less than 24 hours.The head of Boeing's 737 Jetliner program is out of a job. The company says Ed Clark is leaving immediately. The shakeup comes weeks after the head of the Federal Aviation Administration said that Boeing is not paying enough attention to safety. Last month an emergency door panel blew off a Boeing 737 Max-9 over Oregon. Investigators say bolts that help secure a panel to the frame of the plane were missing before the incident.We're just three days from the next stop on the Republican presidential campaign calendar. The South Carolina primary is providing a major task for the former governor who trails the former president by a wide margin. Correspondent Alexandria Hoff is in Spartanburg, South Carolina, tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: In a general election you are given a choice. In a primary you make your choice.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Former Governor Nikki Haley has just full days left to chip away at the former president's commanding lead in her home state. Today her campaign hit at his financials. A January FEC report shows that Trump's leadership PAC spent nearly $3 million on legal fees last month alone. That's on top of $50 million in donor funds spent last year on Trump's legal defense, according to a FOX News analysis.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: If I were losing in the polls, they wouldn't be talking about me and I wouldn't have had any legal fees.(APPLAUSE)HOFF: Trump made a brief stop in South Carolina yesterday to participate in a town hall hosted by FOX's Laura Ingraham. He's set to return for a rally Friday. Today his daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, was among those campaigning in the state on his behalf. She recently earned his endorsement for Republican National Committee co-chair. On the trail, Nikki Haley has continuously criticized her opponents' efforts to take control of the committee.HALEY: You can't make RNC your piggybank and think that that's going to help you win a general election.HOFF: Both candidates argue that they are best equipped to beat President Biden in November. Late this afternoon, the Biden-Harris campaign released a statement calling out Trump for raising less cash than Haley in January, writing, quote, "It's been a tough couple of weeks if you are a Donald Trump and also like money."(END VIDEO TAPE)HOFF: Now, Trump is still polling 26 to 36 percentage points above Haley here in the state. And as far as the RNC goes, an interesting money move there. "The Washington Post" reporting that the teamster's labor union has donated $45,000 to the RNC. That would be the first large scale donation of its kind in years, Mike.EMANUEL: Alexandria Hoff live in South Carolina. Alex, thanks very much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Do you see yourself as a potential political prisoner?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Because of the fact that I'm doing so well, that I'm beating Biden at a level that they have never seen before, this is not supposed to happen.NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He is obsessed with himself, and we need somebody who is going to be obsessed with the American people.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Let's bring in FOX News chief political analyst Brit Hume. Brit, good evening.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Hi, Mike.EMANUEL: Let's start with the headline that Alex Hoff brought us in her tag of her live report, which was the teamsters' union giving $45,000 to the RNC, the first time in 20 years. What do you make of that?HUME: Well, that's probably a sign of the times that a lot of blue collar workers around the country of the kind that would belong to the teamsters' union liking Donald Trump and liking the Republican Party these days more than the Democratic Party on a number of counts. I mean, for example, you got the Border Patrol union just to name one -- that's not the teamsters, obviously, but it's labor -- supporting the efforts to crack down on the border and being extremely critical of President Biden. So I think this is interesting, but it's not yet a wave of labor union support, but it's something.EMANUEL: We're already in primary season -- or we're just in primary season, and yet, former President Trump is already talking about debating President Biden. Let's play it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: When you have the final Republican, the final Democrat, you have the two people, you have to debate regardless of polls.INGRAHAM: How many debates would you commit to.TRUMP: As many as necessary. I would like to do it starting now. I don't think he is going to debate, though. I really don't think so.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: To that pointed, is there any evidence that the current president wants to debate the former president frequently, Brit?HUME: I haven't seen any if there is any. I doubt he wants to, and I doubt that the people who are helping manage his campaign want him to, either.And, on the other hand here, Trump likes to talk about that because I think he knows that the president is hesitant to debate, and it's a weakness of the president, so he is not really capable these days of mounting the kind of performance either on the stump or on the debate stage that he once was. So that makes good politics for him.It's also to Trump's advantage to talk about the Republican race as if it is already over and he is on to the general election. He may be likely to win, but as we've noted, Nikki Haley is showing no signs of giving up even if she loses the South Carolina primary.EMANUEL: With Laura Ingraham last night, the former president hinted at a V.P. short list. Let's put the names on the screen. Three and four more presidential candidates, DeSantis, Scott, and Ramaswamy, Florida Congressman Byron Donalds, South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem, and former Congresswoman Tulsi gabbard. What do you make of that list, Brit?HUME: Well, the surprise is DeSantis is on it. He was pretty tough on DeSantis throughout the campaign, he didn't like it. DeSantis, I guess, has now endorsed him, but -- so I think that's kind of interesting. And DeSantis would help him. I suspect he would lean more toward Tim Scott who has been with him for some time now. And the others, who knows?EMANUEL: Brit Hume, many thanks.HUME: You bet.EMANUEL: Up next, the panel on the Biden investigations and the star witness today, the president's brother.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 32 in Chicago as a disruptive passenger leads to the return of an American Airlines flight to its origination point in New Mexico. Video from the Chicago bound flight shows attendants and other passengers using duct tape to restrain the person after he tried to open an airplane door.FOX 11 in Los Angeles as several weather advisories remain in effect across southern California while the bulk of the latest storm makes its way through the region and the atmospheric river slowly begins to taper off. Experts predict continued moderate to heavy rainfall in flooded roadways along with the possibility of landslides, mudslides, and debris flow.And this is a live look at Boston. One of the big stories there tonight from WFXT the New England aquarium welcomes its 100th epaulette shark hatchling since 2012. The facility began breeding the sharks in 2009 before reaching consistent success in 2012. Officials say it takes five months for the shark eggs to hatch after being deposited by the female and about seven years for them to reach their full size of about three feet.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JASON SMITH, (R-MO) HOUSE WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: You continue to follow the facts. You see that they continue to lead to what the IRS whistleblowers originally said, and that is President Joe Biden is the brand that the family has been selling for millions.REP. JAMIE RASKIN, (D-MD): We, obviously, again, have heard nothing indicating that Joe Biden had anything to do with the business ventures.JONATHAN TURLEY, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: This is an amazing moment, because the Bidens have never been called to account. They have never been forced to go under oath and answer these questions.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Let's bring in our panel, Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, former Republican National Committee communications director Douglas Heye, and Julia Manchester, national politics reporter for "The Hill." Welcome to all of you.So, let's start with James Biden being peppered with questions upon arrival on Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did you use your brother's name to help sell influence, sir?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What did you tell the committee today, sir?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK. Guys.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Doug, we've seen our share of scrums on Capitol Hill over the years. Your thoughts on this one today with the president's brother?DOUGLAS HEYE, FORMER REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: I think he was breathing a sigh of relief that you weren't there badgering him. But look, this is the only sound we get. These are closed door meetings. They are still going on. So that is a long day on Capitol Hill. The longer you are there the more likely you are to make a mistake or get something wrong. So it's a tough place that he's in.But obviously, they are coming into this feeling a little bit better that we have so much smoke around Biden but we haven't found the fire yet. And what we thought was the biggest fire we now found out with this one informant whose testimony is false he doesn't have the matches. So we'll have to see where this fire is. But more and more, the longer you are there the more smoke there is.EMANUEL: OK, from James Biden's opening statement, he said, quote, "I've had a 50-year career in a variety of business ventures. Joe Biden has never had any involvement or any direct or indirect financial interest in those activities, none. Because of my intimate knowledge of my brother's personal integrity and character as well as my own strong ethics, I have always kept my professional life separate from our close personal relationship." So Julia, Democrats are eager to say there is nothing to see here, right?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER, "THE HILL": Absolutely. And like Doug said, Republicans need to find that fire, that link that connects Biden to his family's business dealings, whether it's James Biden's business dealings or Hunter Biden's business dealings, with the pressure for them to continue on impeachment.But for Democrats, they are pointing to this informant who talked with Russian authorities a few months ago, and they are essentially saying, look, that's already a shot in the Republican's investigation. It's already sort of deflating it in a way.EMANUEL: Matthew, your thoughts on how big the stakes are today for Republicans? And they've got Hunter Biden coming in a week from today as well.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: Right. It is a big moment, because this is the first time that you have James Biden talking to Congress, and you will have Hunter Biden next week. And so Congress will be able to ask direct questions.Look, the testimony has been going on all day because you have 50 years of the Biden brand to investigate and to talk about. And just this past weekend, we had this blockbuster story from "Politico" talking about James Biden's involvement in a hospital company where he was trying to trade-off his brother's name. That is no secret. Of course, there is smoke, because that's the Biden business. That's the Biden brand. And I think it's going to continue to hurt Biden throughout the campaign.HEYE: And one thing, Mike, that is a real truism in politics is that when you hear about family members of a politician, anybody who will remember Roger Clinton or bought a can of Billy Beer will tell you, it's not good news for the politician. Their families get them in trouble a whole lot.EMANUEL: OK, so Julia made reference to the informant that kind of blew up in the middle of this investigation. President Biden making the case that this should all go away. Let's play him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: An FBI informant at the center of the impeachment inquiry has been indicted for allegedly lying. Your reaction to that? And should the inquiry be dropped?JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He is lying, and it should be dropped. And it's just been a -- it's been an outrageous effort from the beginning.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Doug, any chance of this going away?HEYE: No. Not at all. The fact they are still meeting with the president's brother right now and have more meetings scheduled say this is wishful thinking on the president's part. Congressional Republicans are not going to let up on this.EMANUEL: Julia, as we look at the 2024 campaign, obviously a lot of the polling showing it's neck-and-neck between Biden and Trump if we go to Biden-Trump 2.0. Is there any evidence of this investigation on the Hill damaging the current president in his campaign earth?MANCHESTER: It very well could. But we have to also look at it in the prism of all of this happening on Capitol Hill and former President Trump facing his own slew of legal issues. And I think a lot of voters who are concerned about those kitchen table issues we talk about, the border, crime, inflation, I think they are going to look at a lot of this, whether it's coming from the Democratic side of the aisle or the Republican side of the aisle, and may think maybe this is just too much inside baseball. I want to hear about the issues.Now, if there is evidence and it's damning evidence, maybe that changes the game. But I think it would behoove both of these candidates, Trump and Biden, to really focus on those issues -- crime, the economy, the border, as much as they can.EMANUEL: Matthew, does this take away from some of the Trump legal trouble that he is facing right now?CONTINETTI: The comparison isn't between Trump and Biden in 2024. The comparison is between Biden in 2020 and Biden in 2024. And Biden in 2020, these issues weren't being aired. People had this idea of Biden as the grandfatherly figure who was in his basement. When people tried to raise the issue of Hunter's laptop, it was suppressed with the social media companies and the intelligence community. Now in 2024 all these issues have come to light. We're beginning to learn more about the Biden business, the Biden brand. And I think that will hurt Biden because it's changed the public's attitudes and perceptions of him personally.EMANUEL: All right, panelists, great job. We're off to a fast start. Up next, the latest on Ukraine and tonight's report from Bret Baier. And later, a Massachusetts boy who wants to make sure other children have a great Easter.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: The entire world, including those in Moscow, are watching whether the United States Congress is willing to step up and continue to fund Ukraine.BRIDGET BRINK, U.S. AMBASSADOR TO UKRAINE: It's quite a simple case. I don't think Putin will stop. I think he will continue beyond Ukraine.SABRINA SINGH, DEPUTY PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: Republicans should want to pass the supplemental package because it also creates jobs here at home.REP. CORY MILLS, (R-FL): What you're not hearing, however, is peace talks and an actual strategy on how to end the war in Ukraine.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Wo let's talk about the war in Ukraine. Bret is over in Ukraine with President Zelenskyy doing some very compelling reporting. Back here in Washington, it's a lot about the blame game at this point. And president Biden saying at a campaign fundraising event, he's blaming Trump for the failure of this security supplemental, saying, "Time and again Republicans show they are a party of chaos and disunion. Look at what they are doing with the national security supplemental bill that provides assistance to Ukraine, Israel, and Palestinian people -- nothing. Not a single thing. Why? Because that's what Donald Trump tells them to do."And we are back with our panel, Doug, Julia, and Matthew. Doug is a former senior adviser on Capitol Hill for Republicans. How much pressure is on the Republican leadership on this issue?HEYE: A whole lot of pressure, specifically on the new speaker. And there's not much room for error. One of the things that we are hearing talk about is what is called a discharge petition, which to get in kind of congressional nerd speak is a way to force the issue to come onto the House floor. It doesn't happen very often, and it is a slow, sort of laborious process. It could happen in this case because you certainly have about 300 members of Congress who are supportive of aid. But that's the only way, basically, that you would get the speaker to move on this.EMANUEL: And there's some people on his right flank who are making noise about replacing him, right.HEYE: Always. That's a new constant.EMANUEL: OK, Laura Ingraham, our colleague, who is coming up in about five minutes or some, pressed President Trump on Ukraine. Let's play that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: So you wouldn't be in favor of giving $60 billion more for Ukraine?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I guess the thing that bothers me most, it would have never happened if I were president.INGRAHAM: Well, it did happen. So what are you going to do about it?TRUMP: What I would do, is first thing I get on the phone is with the European nations who are in for 25 percent of what we're in. We're in for over $200 billion. They are in for $35 billion.INGRAHAM: They've spent about $100 billion so far, but it will be $160.TRUMP: It's a difference of $150 billion. They've got to start paying up.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Julia, what about the politics of Ukraine funding at this point?MANCHESTER: Yes, look, for Donald Trump, he is obviously going to continue to hit NATO member countries on this, saying that the U.S. pays more and they need to pay up. I know that last week in Munich, Germany, at that conference, there was a lot of concern about that. And I think there is a concern coming from these European countries looking at Donald Trump about the idea of a Trump presidency going into 2024.But, at the same time, you have Democrats hitting Trump over those comments and saying they are going against our allies and such. So I think you are going to see this play on the 2024 campaign trail, and I'm curious to see how Americans are reacting to this and how they think the funding should go.EMANUEL: Matthew, it feels like it wasn't that long ago where Republicans were for funding the good guys to basically take on the evil empire. Your thoughts on this battle right now?CONTINETTI: Well, the Republican Party is split, I think basically down the middle, between those who want to continue to support Ukraine and Israel and Taiwan and those who think that it's a waste of money or they want attachments, they want some sort of plan, as the congressman was saying in the clip.But I thought Donald Trump's response to Laura Ingraham was very interesting. She pressed him, rightly so. But he did not say that he was opposed to the aid. He shifted the conversation to burden sharing. I think Trump understands that aid to Ukraine and to Israel is popular. It's a 70- 30 issue. And so it would be bad politics, not just bad foreign policy for Republicans to continue to oppose aid to Ukraine.EMANUEL: At a time when Biden is under pressure from a lot of his base about the way he is handling Israel and Hamas, right?CONTINETTI: You want the issue to divide the Democrats, not the Republicans. Look, Biden has a big announcement coming up later this week about steps he says he is going to take to punish Russia for the death of Alexei Navalny. And it's incumbent on Biden to be tough here, too. He needs to go after the reserves that are parked overseas. He needs to go after these oil sanctions which Russia has been avoiding. And he needs to speak up for dissidents like Vladimir Kara-Murza and like the journalist Evan Gershkovich.EMANUEL: Panelists, great job. Thanks so much. And of course, we look forward to more of Bret's reporting from Ukraine.And finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I feel like every holiday, I feel like a kid should have a very important memory. It doesn't have to be like oh, I got the latest thing. I feel like it should be like spending time with their family.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Thanks to 12-year-old Josh Sowden of Worcester, Massachusetts, many children will wake up on Easter morning to a basket full of goodies. Four years ago, he came up with the idea to collect donated toys and use them to make Easter baskets for homeless children. Last year he helped make 175 baskets for local shelters, and this year he hopes to top that number. What great job by him. We hope he has great success, and brightening the Easter for many children who need it.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, Bret reports from Ukraine's frontline, plus more from Bret's exclusive interview with President Zelenskyy.Remember, if you can't catch us live here on SPECIAL REPORT, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. eastern, 3:00 on the west coast.Thank you for watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Michael Emanuel in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE with Laura is up next. Keep it right here.