(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We are out of time. Thank you, Charlie Hurt, Dagen McDowell, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, ANCHOR, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, a Fox News exclusive. Riding along with an elite team of ICE deportation agents and how they arrest some of the most dangerous illegal immigrants entering the country. We're talking about gang members and child rapist and that's just a single day in Massachusetts, which is a very stark illustration of just how bad the migrant crime situation is, and how horrific crimes like Laken Riley's murder seem almost inevitable.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with the remarkable video as well as the brand new information. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. You no doubt seen the photos and obviously heard about their alleged crimes set apart from the millions who would come to this country out of sheer desperation. These illegal migrants have allegedly ravaged the very country that they claim they want to be a part of. Thefts, assaults, rapes, and as you mentioned, even in the case of Laken Riley murder.But tonight, ICE is tightening its grip with an elite team of deportation officers seen here in Boston hunting down the depraved among us. Today arresting for alleged child rapist and an M.S.-13 gang member, and illegal alien from Guatemala, for example, charged with aggravated child rape. A Colombian national charged with the rape of a child above the age of 14. And later a combative, M.S.-13 gang member from El Salvador charged with a slew of violent crimes.Little bit later, authorities arrested a Brazilian man charged with five counts of aggravated rape of a child. In all, five men are from five different countries.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: How are you guys not notified about a child rapist being released?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Unfortunately, in Massachusetts, that's how it is with most of these sanctuary jurisdictions every day up here in Boston, those are the public safety threats so we really want to get off the street. It was great day for the team, it sets five public safety threats that are out in the community could go ahead and victimize anyone else.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Strong work thereby our colleague Bill Melugin who was on that exclusive ride along. We should point this out as well, Trace. Authorities in Texas arrested 70 more illegal aliens who stormed the El Paso border assaulted National Guard troops in the process during that siege. Just the latest example I think it's fair to say of a border state defending itself because at least in the view of Texas, the feds are either incompetent or incapable of doing so. Trace?GALLAGHER: Or just have no desire to do it at all. Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you.Let's bring in Republican candidate for U.S. Senate from Arizona, Kari Lake. Kari, it's great to have you on the show. I want to play a soundbite from the Boston director of ICE, the field office director because he says they go out in the field every day. And they make these types of choices. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are we going after the child rapists today or are we going to go after that two-times deported fentanyl dealer because we can't get both?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. And they can't get both. And that's the problem here is they don't have the resources to get both. And quite frankly, there's a big concern which he was part of the reason you're running for Senate. There's a big concern about whether the federal government either has the want to go out and do both.KARI LAKE (R) ARIZONA SENATE CANDIDATE: Oh, well, we know that they could do it because we saw that it was under control, you know, four or five years ago. They don't want to do it. You're right. And as a mom that just sent a chill down my spine, these ICE agents have the -- they have to choose between going after child predators or people who are peddling the most deadly drug we've ever seen in our country, fentanyl, which can kill you when you take one pill.And so it's horrifying. We're right here at ground zero here in Arizona. We've seen record number of border crossings in the last few months. And these people are being loud into our country unvetted. They're dangerous. In this raid you just showed us there was a child rapist sitting in the back of that vehicle. And you know who's to blame? It's Joe Biden and frankly, my Democrat opponent Ruben Gallego who's allowed this to happen.They're failing to secure the border. They're against the border wall. And frankly, there's only one person to blame. It's Joe Biden and his team of enablers in the Democrat Party.GALLAGHER: The New York Post writes the following here. "Texas authorities have arrested 70 additional migrants on rioting charges related to the March 21st incident in which they overran and assaulted National Guard troops in an attempt to rush the border at El Paso."I know this is not your state, Kari. But it really puts them in kind of a pickle because they know the federal government does not want to protect the border and the courts are saying well, they can't protect the border but they are saying we have to protect our people. What would you do if that was your state in that situation?LAKE: Well, when I ran for governor, I wrote the playbook on how to do it with my defend Arizona, you know, border policy, which was basically use the Constitution, Article One, Section 10 clause three, when we have an invasion and the federal government is failing us, the governors have the ability to secure their border and take any means necessary to do that. I'm happy that we're seeing some action in Texas.But guess what, that means more people are pouring across in Arizona. And when they see -- when these cartels and these invaders see video, like you just showed, Trace, where they're able to just storm the border, run roughshod over the officials. What does that tell the cartels? It tells them that the cartels are in control, not the American military, not the American officials. And that just tells them to keep on pushing people in and that's exactly what they're going to do until we get serious about this and start detaining these people immediately. And sending them back deporting them immediately.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, that's exactly right. That's exactly what they are going to do. And we have the evidence to prove it. Kari Lake, great to have you on. Thank you for coming. Happy Easter to you.Meantime, we are getting new information about the details of President Biden's lucrative fundraiser last night that Biden attended hours after former President Trump paid his respects to a murdered NYPD officer just a few miles away. Chanley Painter is live in New York City with what we're learning. Chanley, good evening.CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS OVERNIGHT ANCHOR: Good evening, Trace. The Biden campaign calls it the most successful fundraiser in American history with the help of former Presidents Obama and Clinton, President Biden raked in a record setting $26 million for his reelection campaign. The star-studded event included performances by Queen Latifah and Lizzo in front of a sold- out crowd of 5000 Democratic supporters packing Radio City Music Hall, the Late Show Host Stephen Colbert moderated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHEN COLBERT, LATE SHOW HOST: -- our country. First question for you, President Biden. How would you describe what's at stake in this election?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think our democracy is at stake. Not a joke. I think democracy is living at stake.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: The armchair discussion was interrupted multiple times by pro- Palestinian protesters in the crowd, while hundreds more marched outside the theme theater.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Shame on you, Joe Biden. Shame on you. Shame on you. You are (BLEEP) in Palestine.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: Currently the Biden campaign leads Trump's in fundraising efforts last month, Biden's team brought in $53 million compared to Trump's $22 million. But the presumptive Republican nominee does lead in the latest Fox presidential poll showing Trump up five points ahead of Mr. Biden. And Trump was also here in New York yesterday, the only of the four presidents to attend the wake of murder New York police officer Jonathan Diller.The young husband and father was shot and killed in the line of duty by a suspected repeat offender just released on parole. And for a second time today, thousands stood in line to pay tribute to the fallen officer at a wake. Diller's funeral is scheduled for tomorrow morning. Trace?GALLAGHER: Chanley Painter live for us in New York. Chanley, thank you. Let's bring in Republican strategist and attorney Mehek Cooke along with Princeton University political scientist Lauren Wright. Thank you both for coming on. You know, Mehek, you kind of look back, just rewind the clock for months, and we were aghast. And anybody who would gather and protest against Israel, right?And now they're so common, and not only is it common, they're moving the needle. They're moving some of these polling numbers and they're pulling President Biden right along with them.MEHEK COOKE, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST: Trace, you're right. I think this is a new age Democrat voting bloc that truly doesn't represent the working man. They're a threat to democracy, and therefore, terrorist organizations like Hamas. And Biden has this voting bloc that's very anti-American today. But I have to say I think the American people are being brainwashed by this left media that continues to say Hamas is the victim just because Israel is pushing back with its mighty force and power.I will look at some of those polling that's coming out today. Pew Research just said that about 58 percent of Americans still believe that Israel is justified in pushing back. So, I think this is a very small minority of people that are protesting outside this lucrative fundraiser for Joe Biden.GALLAGHER: But you talk about polls here. It's interesting because the Washington Post, Lauren, says the following. "Particularly ominous for Biden and other Democrats is not just the fact of the protesters in near constant disruptions, but what it could portend in November. Many of the protesters have emerged from the ranks of their liberal base including young voters."And then you go on to bring up the Pew Research, the heck we're just talking about these polls. Those who say Israel -- Israel's reason for fighting Hamas are valid. Look at the 18 to 29 year olds. 38 percent say Israel's valid, that means 62 percent Lauren, are somewhere in between. They just don't think that this is a valid fight, which is really astounding in 2024.LAUREN WRIGHT, PRINCETON UNIVERSITY POLITICAL SCIENTIST: Well, these figures in the Democratic Party have been trending this way. For the last 10 years, it's been very concerning. It's just reached its height lately, in the wake of October 7th. I would say, the good news for Joe Biden because he -- look, he absolutely cannot do anything to change the minds of --or appease this Hamas sympathetic small radical wing of the Democratic Party.But the good news is they are small, and it will sound very cynical. But when it comes to young voters 18 to 29 years old, they are the least likely to turn out when you look at their voting behavior. And so, he would be making a tremendous mistake if he kept pivoting leftward because of politics. I don't think it's driven by that. I think, genuinely the White House has made a policy shift in the direction of a ceasefire which they said they wouldn't do at the beginning.But it is a small radical group. And I doubt it's going to change anything in the big, big picture.GALLAGHER: Now to some numbers. Biden won Arizona back in 2020. Now look at his job performance in Arizona right now, his approval rate at 43 percent. I mean, 43 percent Mehek is awful to say the least.COOKE: It is but again, Biden is hemorrhaging his main block of voters. You're continuing to see voters that traditionally voted for Joe Biden, leave that base because we cannot afford his economy. It is too hard. It's too difficult to achieve the American dream. Americans are working harder, they're working smarter, they're able to achieve less under Bidenomics. So we're grappling with a crippling economy.And then on top of that, look at the national security crisis, illegal immigrants continue to cross our border. And Biden has yet to lift a finger and sign that executive order that he promised he would do when he was visiting the border.GALLAGHER: And Kari Lake was just saying that same thing. Now to Pennsylvania. Lastly, to you, Lauren, look at his approval number there. Approval at 45 percent, in Pennsylvania, 19 electoral votes in Pennsylvania, some say he loses P.A., he loses everything. Your final thoughts on this, Lauren?WRIGHT: Oh, he's completely dependent on Pennsylvania and other swing states that he won last time around. And I would just say that this is a problem Democrats have had for a long time. To continue my previous thought they've been hemorrhaging working class voters across every demographic descriptor. And that's something that congressional races also have to deal with up and down the ballot.If Trump stays quiet, and lets people think, was I better off four years ago? That'll be good for him. But frankly, Donald Trump's pretty alienating to a lot of people too. So, it's -- it is not a foregone conclusion. This will be a very tight race.GALLAGHER: Oh, it's going to be tight. We know that. But boy, Pennsylvania is really, really one of those linchpins and it is -- it is very close --(CROSSTALK)WRIGHT: Absolutely.GALLAGHER: Mehek Cooke, great to have you both on. Thank you. Well, the headlines are consistently highlighting violence in New York City but Mayor Eric Adams on the one hand says crime is not out of control. On the other hand, he says the city can't protect people. Marianne Rafferty is live with more on why the mayor is playing both sides. Marianne, good evening.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes. Good evening, Trace. Well, New York City's mayor says the numerous random acts of violence across that city does not mean the crimes out of control, despite a week of violence in the city, which includes a man shoved to his death in the subway, and women posting about being punched at random while just walking down the street.And the tragic shooting death of NYPD officer Jonathan Diller allegedly at the hands of a convicted felon and repeat offender, the mayor pointing to recidivism and the need for better treatment for mental illness. As causes for the city-wide crime spike. Adams appeared on a radio show and got into a heated argument with a lawyer who seemed to be downplaying the seriousness of an officer killed in the line of duty. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JESS HILARIOUS, HOST, THE BREAKFAST CLUB: In the same breath that you want to sensationalize and you want to highlight and point out, oh, an officer was killed the other day, which is a rare occurrence across the United States but let alone in New York. New York police officers have killed at least seven people this year including a 19-year-old, an NYPD officer killed a 19-year-old --(CROSSTALK)ERIC ADAMS (D) NEW YORK CITY MAYOR: First of all, I am not going to dismiss -- I'm not going to dismiss the loss of the life of an innocent person that wears the uniform to protect --(CROSSTALK)(END VIDEO CLIP)RAFFERTY: To combat that sporadic violence in the subways, the city has posted National Guard troops and more police officers and is planning a pilot program for body scanners that can search for weapons. Adams saying a search for the best technology for that is underway right now. And he hopes to have them up and running in the next 90 days. Trace?GALLAGHER: Marianne, thank you.RAFFERTY: Let's see what happens.GALLAGHER: Yes. Let's bring in former San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputy Meagan McCarthy and former FBI Special Agent, Fox News Contributor Nicole Parker. Thank you both for coming on. I want to play specifically for Meagan because you were a law enforcement officer who nearly lost their life by a criminal. This woke defense attorney you just saw, Nicole, you probably saw this too, saying what's the big deal? A cop was killed. I mean, they killed seven other people. Play it again and then I'll get your response, Meagan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OLAYEMI OLURIN, LAWYER: In the same breath that you want to sensationalize and you want to highlight and point out oh, an officer was killed the other day, which is a rare occurrence across the United States. But let alone in New York. New York police officers have killed at least seven people this year.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, the theme here, Meagan seems to be if you kill a police officer, if you kill a criminal, well, you know what, maybe it should be a one for one for trade. It's just an astounding thing for someone to say. And yet they say it.MEAGAN MCCARTHY, FORMER SAN BERNARDINO SHERIFF'S DEPUTY: This one hits way too close to home for me. I mean, I was nearly murdered by a criminal that had no regard for my life, didn't matter that I was a parent, Jonathan Dillard's life mattered. And his widow and his child are sitting at home without him. And this lady who has no idea what it's like to be a police officer. There is a war raging against our cops right now.Every 23 hours in our country, a police officer is shot in the line of duty. So for her to say that we're sensationalizing a husband and a father being murdered. I would love to have her go on a ride along and experience what our police officers are having to deal with. It's people like her with a George Soros, the George Gascon, these crazy ideas that are aiding and abetting in this war on our police officers.GALLAGHER: Yes. Nicole Parker, I know you have talked many times about, you know, people you've been very close to in the FBI who were also killed. I want to play some sound of Mayor Eric Adams because he says that his city is not out of control. That's the first part. But then he goes on to say that the city is losing so many of its safety infrastructure, people that it really can't protect people. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ADAMS: We hear this over and over again. The city's out of control, the city's out of control, the city's out of control. It's just not true. We're losing correction offices. We're losing district attorneys. We're losing police officers, we're losing probation offices. We're losing school safety ages, every piece of our public safety apparatus.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: You can't keep or lose the safety apparatus and maintain the peace, Nicole.NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Correct. First of all, I'd like to say thank you to Megan for her service to our country. My heart goes out to her because she -- her life was almost taken. And I just like to say thank you, to you for your service and for all of your colleagues and all of the police officers out there nationwide tonight and always. Yes. When you're losing the backbone of those that are supposed to keep your cities and counties safe, that's a serious problem.And there's a reason that people are leaving law enforcement in droves. People do not feel supported, they do not feel protected. And criminals have more rights and protections than the law enforcement officers. How is that even possible in our country? That has got to change, people need to wake up. This is not OK. And people need to be electing public officials on the local level, specifically, who will back to Blue first and foremost.When you put your life on the line every single day, that should come with a certain amount of respect.GALLAGHER: Yes. And when you talk about electing people who have the power to change this whole thing, George Gascon here in Los Angeles, the L.A. County D.A. is one of those. He said this a few weeks ago. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE GASCON (D) LOS ANGELES DISTRICT ATTORNEY: We're in a much better place today than we were four years ago. We're dealing with violence and in fact violence has come down, was clearly in the case of the work that we're doing. It's not necessarily it doesn't cause crime to grow up.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: That's him a couple of weeks ago. Well, we got the new stats here and guess what, put them up on the screen. Violent crime up 2.9 percent in Los Angeles, robberies, up 9.5, homicides, 28.1 percent up, robberies with firearms, up almost three percent, gang-related robberies up five plus percent, motor vehicle theft up six percent. Gascon is lying to people, Meagan. He's lying, he knows he is and yet people will believe him.MCCARTHY: That's a really scary thing is, you know, right now he is leading to become the reelect in November. And I think if you look at the statistics, yes, the homicides are out of control, the robberies, but these are all people that have been revictimized by his criminal justice system that he is supposed to be protecting. He's the number one elected official in the district attorney's office and he is failing to protect his own people.So, when you couple his policies with handcuffing the police so they can't even do their job. People wonder why L.A. County is a third world country.GALLAGHER: Yes. Nicole, I've got about 25 seconds for you to wrap us up here. Your thoughts?PARKER: Many nation -- many cities nationwide are saying, you know, our violent crime rate, it's really not that bad. That's just what the media is saying. Well, I disagree with that strongly first of all and second of all, perception is reality. And if the members of your community do not feel safe leaving their homes and going about their days, then that's a problem and your country -- and your city is not safe.I lived in New York City. It's a completely different city now than it was when I lived there. I was there under Giuliani and Bloomberg. It was safe. It is not safe now.GALLAGHER: No. And the media is not making up these numbers. These crime stats, we are not just pulling these out of thin air. These are legitimate crime stats. And George Gascon is not being honest about what's happening here. And nor are other far left D.A.'s. Meagan McCarthy, great to have you on. Nicole Parker you as well. Happy Easter to both of you.Coming up. 102-year-old man in Oakland, he's 102, had his fence vandalized and tagged with graffiti and now the city is telling the man either clean the graffiti or you will get an $1,100 fine.And later in The Nightcap. Our stage manager went to a sports bar in Los Angeles. And when he got the tab there was a $3.00 city utility charge on it. When he asked what it was for. They said, well, a court we have to keep the lights on, the T.V.'s on. Is it fine for bars and restaurants to charge you a tax to keep the damn television on? Would you pay it? Would you go back? Let us know X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in The Nightcap.Meantime, 8:21 here on the West Coast. A FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. First, a live look Salt Lake City, Utah. By the way just up the road Deer Valley just extended the ski season by an extra week.On to South Bend, Indiana where the University of Notre Dame has the oldest college band in the nation. Not to mention touchdown Jesus.Finally alive look at Florence, South Carolina. Did you know South Carolina produces more peaches than the Peach State, Georgia? If you can't join us live, don't forget to set your DVR. Watch us anytime. We are coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: One year now since Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich was imprisoned on Russia -- in Russia on spy charges. The U.S. and his employer stronger deny tonight. A look at what's being done to bring him home. Alex Hogan is live in what is now early morning in London. Alex, good morning.ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS LONDON-BASED CORRESPONDENT: Good morning, Trace. As you mentioned, it's the early hours of Saturday morning here in London where Evan Gershkovich should be, it's where he lives, but instead, Friday marks the one year anniversary since his arrest and still no trial has been set. President Biden was pressed on the grim milestone.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you have a message for Evan Gershkovich and his family today, sir?BIDEN: Yes. I admire the hell out of him. Tried everything we can so far, but Russia's come to play. We're not going to give up.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOGAN: The 32-year-old Wall Street Journal reporter has spent 365 days locked in a cell only able to stretch his legs in a small courtyard for one hour per day. He was arrested last March while on a work trip in Russia. Accused of being a spy although no evidence has been provided on top of 12 months behind bars this week a Moscow court extended Gershkovich's sentence by another three months.Russian President Vladimir Putin said last month that Evan could be a part of a future prisoner swap. But the White House says that Russia rejected its recent exchange offer. His family spoke to Fox about how difficult this year has been.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANNIELLE GERSHKOVICH, SISTER: We look for signs that Evan is OK and he's doing well. He has a lot of little mannerisms and we just notice all of his expressions, his smiles. It's incredible. He's holding on and he's so strong.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOGAN: Such strength. And another American who was also jailed in Russia accused of espionage is former U.S. Marine Paul Whelan who was arrested in 2018. Washington says that Moscow is using Americans as bargaining chips. Trace?GALLAGHER: Alex Hogan live for us in London. Alex, thank you.HOGAN: Thanks.GALLAGHER: Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense department thinks when the Mamas and the Papas saying California Dreaming, they never envision stories like those of Carlos Pena and Victor Silva. Mr. Pena's dream was to work his print shop in Los Angeles until one night a fugitive ran into the shop and attacked him. Pena got out. The SWAT team showed up and after two dozen rounds of tear gas, a full-on raid and some strong-armed maneuvers. The Fugitive was captured, but the shop was destroyed.Pena assumed the destroyers would also be the fixers but not having terrorism insurance met the repair bill was Pena's. So, his leaves are not brown, his sky is not gray, but instead of being safe and warm in L.A., he now prints out of a cold garage. His California dream on hold.Then, there's Oakland, California's Victor Silva, 102 years old, when his fence was vandalized with graffiti, Silva was told by the city to scrub it clean, paint it over, or pay an $1,100 fine. He chose option two. Silva, in his wheelchair, made his deadline. But a city utility box just yards away sits painted by vandals in perpetuity.Common sense knows these are just two tales from the millions who abandoned brown leaves and gray skies to get down on bended knee, only to see their California dream killed in a barrage of bureaucracy.Let's bring in California Policy Center Attorney, Julie Hamill. Julie, it's great to have you on here. Mr. Pena was on this show last night, and here's how he explained that he was on the hook for the damages. Look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CARLOS PENA, NOHO PRINTING AND GRAPHICS OWNER: The judge said that he was going to rule it without our presence, and in fact, we thought it was you know a good sign, but then he wrote that the SWAT team is immune to it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, the government can and does ruin people all the time, Julie. And it's one of those things where you think, wow, this is why they need to be held in check. This is why they need to have protections for people like Carlos Pena.JULIE HAMILL, CALIFORNIA POLICY CENTER ATTORNEY: This is really scary and this is a policy decision. The LAPD, the mayor of Los Angeles, the city, could have decided to pay the man $60,000 after they destroyed his business. But instead, they chose to pay attorneys to fight him in court. And so, the decision says that the Fifth Amendment, you know, protects us from the government taking our property without just compensation.And the court said, yes, but not in cases of criminal investigation. So, what this means is basically the SWAT team could come and mow through your house, if you're not even involved in a crime, and then not compensate you for destroying your house. So, they have Institute for Justice is representing Mr. Pena, and they're appealing this, and I have full faith in them that they will create better law on this issue.GALLAGHER: But again, it's one of those things where the fact that you have to go through the appeal process, the fact that this guy who doesn't have any money to be able to fight or defend himself is like he's trying to fight, you can't fight city hall.HAMILL: You're looking at a woman who just filed her notice of appeal yesterday against the county of Los Angeles, so I understand.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's crazy. Now, on to the 102-year-old man. Here's his family. He was ordered to paint the fence or pay $1,100. Here he is along with his family.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It was so absurd, it's like a joke.VICTOR SILVA, OAKLAND HOMEOWNER: I'll be 103 in two months, so I'm going to slow it up a little bit, you know.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's hard to keep up with it, because as soon as we get it painted, it's going to be graffiti on it again. And it won't last. It's hard to understand where our tax dollars are going. They can't answer 9-1- 1, but they can come out and hassle you about a fence?(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: Yes, very true. Your thoughts, Julie?HAMILL: I just can't even believe that this is our reality. I mean, Oakland, this is again a policy choice, they could pay for a police, they could be prosecute crime, they could focus on, I don't know, maybe doing something to prevent the vandalism, but instead they're holding a 102-year- old man responsible to pay to fix what vandals did to his home. It's really disgusting.GALLAGHER: Yes, I want, I want to play this, because this is very quickly, 89-year-old holocaust survivor was heckled at the Berkeley City Council Meeting by pro-Palestinian protesters. Play this one, a very quick response from Julie.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Because currently we've been seeing a horrendous surge in anti-Semitism. Now, we're under an existential threat -- the invasion by Hamas, which broke the ceasefire.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Time.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Time.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Led to the murder of 1200 Israelis and the brutal torture and rape of women.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Lies! Lies! Lies!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Stop lying!(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: They're telling a holocaust survivor that October 7th never happened, Julie, I've got just a few seconds for you, but it's crazy.HAMILL: I don't -- I can't even respond to that, but I will say one might expect Berkeley to be radical and crazy, maybe that's expected, that's especially second depraved though, but the problem we have now if we have our governor, Gavin Newsom, asking for a ceasefire because he's now pandering to these radical leftists.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's crazy. Julie Hamill, great to see you as always. Happy Easter. Thank you! Well, the U.S. Navy now asking lawmakers more than $2 billion in funding after Congress failed to pass a defense spending bill for nearly six months. Officials say, short-term spending deals are limiting certain military operations. The request comes as China bolsters its sea fleet and ramps up aggression in that region. Here's the chief national security correspondent, Jennifer Griffin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): For the second time this month, Chinese warships encircled a Philippine supply boat using water cannons to blast the vessel in the South China Sea. The outgoing head of the U.S. military in the Pacific warned Congress, China's military is getting more aggressive.ADM. JOHN AQUILINO, U.S. INDO-PACIFIC COMMAND: Things are trending in the wrong direction. They are continuing to develop their military machine despite an economy that has significant problems. Their actions are becoming much more belligerent.GRIFFIN: With tensions rising in the South China and Red Seas, the Navy's top leaders have presented Congress with a $2.2 billion wish list. 13 items, they say, are needed due to Congress's repeated delays, continuing resolutions to defense funding bills since October, and to the House Republicans blocking the supplemental bill to fund Ukraine, Taiwan, and Israel's defense needs.SABRINA SINGH, DEPUTY PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: Essentially, operating under C.R. is like operating with one arm tied behind your back. You're just not able to do it effectively.GRIFFIN: The wish list includes $92.9 million to buy more missiles for the Navy's depleted fifth fleet, which has faced more than 100 Houthi attacks since October.GEN. MICHAEL KURILLA, U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND: If the supplemental is passed, I will tell you that also resupplies the weapons that I have fired in the Red Sea, but a lot of that goes to the industrial base.GRIFFIN: With an eye on global adversaries, the Navy also wants $50 million to buy four long-range submarine-launched torpedoes designed to sink deep- diving nuclear submarines and aircraft carriers.The Navy also wants $403 million for the U.S. submarine industrial base, something Republican lawmakers put into the stalled Ukraine funding bill. Trace.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Jennifer, thank you. Coming up, Easter weekend, why church attendance is sinking to historic lows. And still ahead, a story of survival, how a teenage girl managed to crawl out of this car. And can you imagine coming home to this? Nothing like being greeted by a bunch of wild animals in your front yard. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP," new finding show, Maryland Governor Wes Moore appointed a DEI consultant with no substantive maritime experience as one of the six members on the Maryland Port Commission just months before Tuesday's Baltimore Key Bridge collapse.The first black woman to serve as Maryland Port Commissioner, Karenthia Barber, is the founder of a consulting practice that provides workforce, diversity, equity, and inclusion consulting. As for other qualifications, she also hosts a global discussion podcast and volunteers for the Maryland Democratic Party. We're not pointing fingers, simply pointing out the misdirected resources behind a massive and complicated recovery, cleanup and rebuilding process.Meantime, many New Yorkers have stopped paying their property taxes. The state is estimated to reach $880 million in unpaid taxes this year, over 30 percent more than three years ago, city officials attribute the trend to the end of a tax lien program that punishes negligence. The city's finance commissioner says, "It's not just the absolute dollar amount that I think should worry us all, it's people realizing that there are no consequences for not paying your property taxes."As Americans prepare to celebrate Easter and Passover, new polling suggests that church attendance has sunk to historic lows. Joining us to talk about why, Fox News Contributor Pastor Robert Jeffress from the First Baptist Church of Dallas. Pastor, great to have you on. So, let's put that poll up on the screen now. Do you attend religious services? Every week, 21 percent. Almost every week, nine. You see it goes down the line until never, 31 percent. Pastor, we know they're all going to come back on Sunday, but how do you get them in every week?ROBERT JEFFRESS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, that's right. This Sunday is a time churches are going to be filled with what we call CEOs, Christmas and Easter's Only. But there probably won't be as many this year as in the past because church attendance is declining. And there are a lot of reasons, Trace, for this.I think the main reason is 20 or 30 years ago, people thought you had to go to church and say you believed in God to be considered as a good person. But as our nation has become more secularized, people don't feel that way anymore. They don't feel like they have to put on a religious charade and now things they really don't believe are true.And so, what you're seeing is churches have fewer attenders who are true believers and less who are pseudo-believers. That's not altogether a bad thing. I think the church is more effective when it has more true believers. But at the same time, we need to be going out and sharing that good news of Jesus Christ, and God will continue to work in the hearts of people who need to know Him.GALLAGHER: Speaking of sharing news, your op-ed, Foxnews.com, drops on Sunday, "Why Easter Matters", goes live Easter Sunday. People are drawn to Easter because it offers the answer to life's most important question: when I die, will I live again? What's the overall message here, Pastor?JEFFRESS: Well, the message is there is life beyond the grave. That's what we want to know. There is life beyond the grave for those who know Christ. And I quote in that op-ed, the golf champion Paul Azinger, and he said, my Christian faith doesn't answer all of my problems, it doesn't solve every issue that I have, but it does hold the answer to the six-foot hole in the ground.And Trace, one day we're all going to face that six-foot hole, the grave, but Easter gives us an answer to it. It's Jesus Christ who said, "I am the resurrection and the life, he who believes in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live again." That's why Easter matters.GALLAGHER: I wanted to get your quick opinion on this. We covered a revival last night at the University of Alabama. Here's one of the students. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KIEGHAN NANGLE, UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA STUDENT: I saw thousands of college campus students, college students from my own campus coming together to praise our Lord and Savior. It's clear now more than ever that our generation is hungry for Jesus, and the hope, love, and joy that He brings.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Pastor, I got to go, but it seems like young people are migrating toward faith.JEFFRESS: They are, and it shows that the gospel is relevant to everyone, whether it's college students in Alabama in 2024 or Jews in Jerusalem 2,000 years ago. The gospel is for everyone.GALLAGHER: Pastor, Dr. Robert Jeffress, happy Easter to you, Sir. Thank you for coming on.JEFFRESS: Happy Easter to you, Trace. Thank you.GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", a flock of ducks along with a kangaroo took over a couple yards in Australia. The local wildlife frequently hangout in the neighborhood during the day and return to the bush in the evening, who knew?And an emotional father shared this video of his teenage daughter's car. A horrible accident left a guardrail impaled through the driver's side of the vehicle. The car flipped upside down. Miraculously, his daughter climbed out through a back window with only a few scratches. He says he is thanking God for keeping her safe. We are reaching out to the family to see if they will share their story with us on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.Coming up, we've all seen hidden fees tacked on to our hotel bills, airline ticket costs, et cetera. But would you ever expect to show up at a bar and have on your tab a utilities tax for the TVs to be on? Would you ever go back? Would you pay it first? Would you come back? Let us know. X and Instagram at Trace Gallagher. We're coming back with that.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Chanley Painter, Marianne Rafferty, Megan McCarthy, Julie Hamill, and Mehek Cooke. Tonight's topic, extra charge. Our stage manager recently visited Flight's Sports Grill where he was shocked when he saw a $3.00 utility, city utility tax on the bill. When he asked about the tax, he was told it was to help keep the place running, keep the lights on, you know, keep the TVs on. What do you think? Is it OK for bars to charge a utility tax? Or should they be footing their own darn electric bill, Mehek Cooke?COOKE: Look, I do not like surprise billing, Trace, whether it's my health care or my food prices. So, I think they need to foot the bill. I'd rather you increase that salad price than surprise me at the end of my meal with this bill.GALLAGHER: Yes, I'm not paying to keep your television on. I'm sorry to say that, but Julie Hamill, what are your thoughts here?HAMILL: So, I have a lot of clients who are in small hospitality that own small businesses, small restaurants and bars.GALLAGHER: Oh, you're not going to support the business owners, are you?HAMILL: Oh my gosh. The government makes it impossible to do business in California, and so they have to do this. I think they could wrap it into their prices, but people might not want to come because their prices are too high.GALLAGHER: Beers are already 12 bucks a pot. Marianne Rafferty.RAFFERTY: Well, I mean, I agree. I guess if it's a small fee that you're not going to notice, whereas you would notice if your steak is double the price, you know, I don't know, maybe it's OK.GALLAGHER: OK, we have Julie Hamill, one lawyer, saying, yes, I'm in favor of it. Chanley Painter, the other lawyer, what's your thought?PAINTER: Yes, I have a problem with it being disguised or hidden. I think it needs to be clearly communicated before I eat there and before I order food what this service charge or utility charge is going for. Does it affect tip? Do I still leave a tip if the service charge is helping pay the bills? I have lots of questions here, but you know business owners can definitely set their prices and charge fees. They just need to be communicated.GALLAGHER: OK, Megan McCarthy.MCCARTHY: If I had my friends over for a barbecue I wouldn't charge them for coming to my house, so I would have to say no.GALLAGHER: To keep the barbecue on.MCCARTHY: Yes, I'm sorry.GALLAGHER: Three bucks. Kevin Corke.CORKE: Yes, next they're going to have Internet charges. Hey, you sat here and you had a coffee, pay an extra -- stop, just stop.GALLAGHER: Stop already. Here's the poll. Is it a good thing? Yes, seven percent -- ha! Instagram, yes, Julie Hamill, six percent -- ha.Jay Barasch says, "This is ridiculous. Next, there'll be a tax to use the bathroom.Caroline Caldwell, "Absolutely not, it's called overheads."Alan Woodward, "Leave the lights off, just keep my beer cold."Barb Schott, "Just be honest with your patrons and let them know why you raised the prices."Katrina Coleman or Holman says, "It's OK if they're charging that not to raise the price." Got it.Luca Brazzi, "That comes off the tip then."Thank you all for watching America's late news. Have a great weekend. Happy Easter. We'll see you back Monday.