REP. RO KHANNA (D-CA): The Republicans talk about the social spending. We've got to do it.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You talk past each other.KHANNA: You've got to do it -- both places for efficient government. I'm all for efficient government.CAVOT: This is all one way. Another president will be all another way, but we don't solve anything. But Congressman, thank you. Here comes "THE FIVE."DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Consoling the criminal and not the victim's family. President Biden getting slammed by critics after appearing to apologize to Laken Riley's alleged killer. The President describing him as an illegal immigrant during his State of the Union Address and then faced with fierce backlash from many in his party who said that he should have used the term undocumented.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN CAPEHART, HOST, MSNBC: You use the word illegal when talking about the man who allegedly killed Laken Riley.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Undocumented person. And I shouldn't have used illegal. I should have used undocumented. And look, when I spoke about the difference between Trump and me, one of the things I talked about on the border was his -- the way he talks about vermin, the way he talks about these people polluting the blood. I talked about what I'm not going to do, what I won't do. I'm not going to treat any of these people with disrespect.Look, they built the country, the reason our economy is growing. We have to control the border and more orderly flow, but I don't share his view at all.CAPEHART: So, you were great using that word?BIDEN: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: So, Biden says that he regrets using that word illegal. While many interpret that as an apology, the White House says that is not true.OLIVIA DALTON, WHITE HOUSE PRINCIPAL DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY: The President absolutely did not apologize. There was no apology anywhere in that conversation. He did not apologize. He used a different word. There are some people who are playing politics with this young woman's tragic murder. Let's not forget House Republicans are standing in the way of a bipartisan border security agreement.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And while President Biden faces backlash over Laken Riley's death, former President Trump met with the family of the Georgian nursing student before a rally and then he said this on stage.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They just told me prior to what I'm doing right now that Joe Biden went on television and apologized for calling Laken's murderer an illegal.He was an illegal alien. He was an illegal immigrant. He was an illegal migrant. And he shouldn't have been in our country and he never would have been under the Trump policy.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And they wonder how it got to be the number one issue in the country. Let's go to our wordsmith. Do words matter?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, if you want to play with the words, maybe it wasn't an apology. Maybe it was an undocumented denial. Would that suit him better? There's this preposterous verbal slide of hand going on always with the media and the Democrats. When you say illegal immigration, they pretend to hear legal immigration, which allows them to get on their self-righteous high horse.But in this case, it backfired because by doing that, they included the murderer of Laken Riley as one of their own. Talk about inclusive. Now, their nightmare has become a dreamer. The goal here is to eliminate corrective measures through language. If you can't call a criminal a criminal, then you can't treat them like a criminal.This happens in other areas. If you call a man in a speedo a woman, then Leah Thomas can take a trophy away from Riley Gaines even though they tied because it was for a photo op. Don't you dare call it Haiti a shithole or else you may be forced to do something other than investing in their gold mines. So, they're always playing with language.But the focus is to give a false moral high ground because to confront the objective truth -- an innocent woman was murdered. To confront that, it leaves you no choice but to agree with the other side and your ego won't allow you to do that. This is an ego-driven game. And if you believe that - - as I said, that this is a political stunt or political conversation, it's only political to the language police. The people who normally respond to this atrocity are doing it objectively on its face.You know, whether it is rape, whether it is terrorism, whether it's genital mutilation, whether it's October 7th, generally people are just objectively repulsed. There's no pivot to language from our side. That's a coward's way out. It's basically an escape hatch to avoid the act entirely.I also find it odd that the same people who shudder at the word illegal have no problems calling their political adversaries, Nazis or Hitler, insurrectionists, traitors. The media creates this framework as necessary and the Dems oblige.PERINO: And even in our laws, and he is the Commander-in-Chief, the President of the United States, the law says illegal.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, as I said on Friday. I mean, the United States Supreme Court, the last decision it made in Arizona versus the United States, talked about illegal immigrants. And the immigration reform act talks about illegal aliens. And Title 8 of the USC that you mention all the time, Jesse, mentions illegal alien and illegals 93 times. So, let's stop making up excuses for not using the language that the law has documented and has dictated is the language of our country.Now, let's talk about the fact that when Joe Biden wants to say, look, these are people who built our country. The people who built our country were parents and grandparents of the immigrants today. They were the people who came into this country. They swore allegiance to America. They wanted to be here. They waited in line. And they -- yes, they built this country. This is a different crew coming in right now. This is not our grandparents' immigration. These people are not waiting. They want the welcome mat.And you know, there is a quote from Barack Obama in 2009 where he says, you can't come here unless you go to the back of the line. If you come here, you must speak English. Now, if we say this now, we're considered Conservative right-wing lunatics. And Barack Obama was saying that in 2009. And he said, we can't have a million -- a half a million people coming over our border.This is an unusual, it is a shocking moment in American history. And let me just say that this whole idea about it not being an apology, it was an apology. And maybe Joe Biden, for the first time, was lucid. Maybe he said something that connects with the American people. This guy was illegal. And the fact that he feels he has to defend the honor and dignity of an illegal who committed at least one or two crimes after coming here illegally -- you know what? It's about time we talked about victims, and they're not interested in victims.PERINO: Jessica, he must really feel the need to solidify the base than the left wing of the party if he was coached to say what he said in the interview at MSNBC. And then the White House on the other side is like, actually, no, that wasn't an apology. It's weird.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So, I don't understand this catering to -- and we're talking about like the far left wing of the base, right? We're not even talking about normal Liberals, like myself, like the ones that you tend to run into. Because I don't know anybody who was offended by that.You even saw in Nancy Pelosi's interview where she said he should have said undocumented, but he didn't, it doesn't really matter, right? And where are Bernie Sanders supporters going to go? They're not going over to Donald Trump in all of this. I understand there's still the third-party issue, blah, blah, blah. Maybe Jill Stein, who did matter in 2016. They don't have other options.And they're certainly not going to say, I'm turning down, you know, the biggest climate change agenda in history, someone who wants gun reform, someone who wants to protect a woman's right to choose, because the guy said illegal about a murderer, right? He didn't say, I'd like to talk to you about all the amazing thing that people who come to this country illegally do. They're, you know, our favorite shopkeepers. They're, you know, the woman down the street who cares for our kids. He's talking about a murderer.It totally blew my mind that there was a backtrack. These are the kinds of things that people have historically enjoyed about Joe Biden, that he is relatable and feels normal to them and doesn't speak in that kind of woke speak. And, you know, Senator Alex Padilla from California, criticized him, Joaquin Castro, et cetera. I don't believe they were actually offended either, because what do they want to be associated as a member of the Latino community? You want that guy out? You want the good ones in and the murderers out.PERINO: So, last week we talked about how state of the unions are often just quickly forgotten, but this whole scenario about Laken Riley is going to come up over and over again. And the White House, this blew my mind, they actually put out a memo saying another word that they would prefer to use is newcomer.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. So, he's trapped in the worst news cycle of all time. He's now trapped in the Hur Report, illegal immigration news cycle, and he can't get unstuck. Jessica, you are just so on point, and it makes me so happy to hear that you agree with me. And it wasn't Joe Biden catering to the far left. He was catering to the press.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: There's three people that cared -- he said this, and they all asked a Democrat and then Joe about it. And that's how it became a story. Three anchors, one on MSNBC, two on CNN. That's what happened. So, he apologized to an illegal alien killer. And notice he called the victim the wrong name, didn't apologize for that. He apologized for saying the right name about the killer.You were right, it's -- in Washington, they call a gaff when someone tells the truth. Jessica, you don't say a gun is undocumented. The guns illegal. You don't say someone committed a non-consensual sex act. You call it rape. You don't say Russia is expanding their border. You say Russia invaded. You use precise language for a reason. And they are trying to pull the illegality out of border crossing because they want to take the sting out of it because they know they're complicit in it, and they want to make it easier eventually for these people to get amnesty.If someone breaks into my house, they're not coming in without documents because they don't have the deed. It's a home invasion. They've committed, they're there illegally, like the judge said. When you cross the border, you are committing illegal entry. And it's not about respect because we have respect for everybody. Everybody in this country, in the world, we have respect for. But if someone comes in, breaks into the country, commits a crime in one city, commits another crime in another city, and then murders a woman by bashing her head in, they lose respect. They shouldn't even be called illegally, they should be called an animal. They don't deserve respect.And Greg's right. He calls Trump Hitler. He gives this killer more respect than his political opponent, a great American. This guy should get his butt kicked in the debate. He's for CRT at the Pentagon, sex changes for kindergarteners. He's apologizing to illegal alien murderers. If Donald Trump stays focused and disciplined, he should be able to wipe the floor with this guy.TARLOV: Well, that's the biggest if of all time.WATTERS: Yes.TARLOV: There is an interesting quote.PERINO: Jessica, you could have just ended it right there.TARLOV: Well, no, because he said we agreed, and then he said animal, and I would never would have said that.GUTFELD: He didn't call him an animal.WATTERS: He bashed her skull in, Jessica.PIRRO: I said it in sentencing defendants. There are some people who just don't deserve to be called human based upon what they do to other people. Don't deny it.TARLOV: And that -- then I won't use -- no, I'm going to use it. Anyway, there was another -- there was another immigration plot line this weekend, Katie Britt story that she told --PERINO: Oh, come on.TARLOV: No, no, hold on.PIRRO: What's that got to do with it?TARLOV: Well, what it has to do with it is people were talking about that, and now, some people are going to talk about this. And that's a lost for it.PERINO: Everyone is going to talking about this.TARLOV: Well, because that's not what's so good.PERINO: He's the president. All right, coming up, President Biden dropping serious dough on ads to convince Americans that he's not just an old yeller.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Old Yeller is back at it. President Biden dropping $30 million on ads hoping to convince America that his brain is aging like a fine wine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Look, I'm not a young guy. That's no secret. But here's the deal, I understand how to get things done for the American people.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It took seven weeks to tape that. The Big Guy's big ad pie comes one day before Robert Hur will testify about his report claiming that Joe is an elderly man with a poor memory. Biden will be taking his angry man stick on tour and hit three swing states this week. Over the weekend, he gave us a preview of what senile moments you can expect.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Pennsylvania, I have a message for you. Send me to Congress so that I can support this right and I promise you, if we take back Congress, we will -- we will restore Roe v. Wade as the law of the land.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Biden could show America his razor-sharp mind by debating Donald Trump, but so far he refuses to commit.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, will you commit to a debate with former President Trump.BIDEN: It depends on his behavior.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It depends on his behavior. It's a pretty wide hole there, Jessica. He could just make up his mind. If you were on his staff, would you tell him to debate?TARLOV: Yes,definitely.GUTFELD: Yes?TARLOV: I just think you don't want to raise more questions, right? People have enough questions about both candidates. And it's only right. That's part of the process. That's how we've done it. They're amazing opportunities. And also, I think he would do really well. I understand whatever senior moments aside. The guy has a lot of experience. He has a lot of deep understanding of topics. And Trump has a pretty surface-level way of speaking. That's the most polite way that I can put that.I will say though, you know, regretting the use of the illegal term aside, the last week has been really good for Joe Biden. So, last Monday we're talking about the New York Time-Sienna poll, right, that he's losing Black support, Latino support, Gen Z support, then he goes he has a very strong Super Tuesday, he has a State of the Union that Republicans even had to admit was a completely different Joe Biden to them. Supporters feeling good about it.They raised $10 million in 24 hours after that, which has never happened before. Positive polls over the weekend. Your favorite Real Clear Politics average now back under two point advantage for Donald Trump.WATTERS: 1.7.TARLOV: Actually I thought it was 1.9, so thank you for the gift, 1.7.WATTERS: You know the gift? That's Electoral College blowout by Donald Trump 1.7.TARLOV: It's not. All right --WATTERS: 1.7 nationally --TARLOV: Not happening.WATTERS: I'm the pollster here, Tarlov.TARLOV: Oh, I nearly forgot about that. And today was the launch of the Students for Biden Organization, 15 youth groups.GUTFELD: Oh.TARLOV: Well, you say oh, it makes -- it makes a huge difference. Gen Z voters have been delivering huge wins for the Democrats. And I guess Trump had a good moment about Laken Riley's murder and with his family, but Donald Trump spend the weekend, he posted a $91 million bond for the E. Jean Carroll case. Then he went on TV and defamed her again. And he's hanging out with Viktor Orban. So, I would rather be Joe Biden at this moment. I think it has been a very good week.GUTFELD: Well, get that Life Alert on then.TARLOV: Oh, I already have it on when you're pregnant.GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: And a geriatric pregnancy, they make you wear it.GUTFELD: Yes. So, Jesse, it is big news Biden running for Congress. Did you see that coming? That is -- I mean, I think the Democrats would be relieved if he truly decided to shift to the House.WATTERS: Yes. Hakeem Jeffries is now very worried about his job. I don't know if that was even in the teleprompter. I mean he looked like he was reading that off the teleprompter. I don't know what's going on there. I know that no one's showing up. We got behind-the-scenes photos of these campaign events. It looked like a pandemic event.Remember when they had the circles and everybody stood socially distanced? Same amount of people in the socially distanced circles three years ago than there are today. No one wants to see the guy. Imagine that on a Saturday you go to a Battleground State, President of the United States, you have weeks of advanced work. Hey, the President is here, and no one comes. There's more press than there are people.Now, why is that? Is he purposely keeping events tiny because he's afraid of people yelling at him because they don't like his policies? That's happened. That's what they're saying they're doing. Or just no one really care to hear what he has to say because it doesn't make a lot of sense. $30 million, that's a lot of money to drop on ad buys and that's what he's going to do. He's just going to nuke the airwaves with negative ads and he's going to run on hoaxes like he did the last time with the fine people, this time's dictator on day one. But I think Trump's going to be able to handle that.And if there is a debate --TARLOV: Are you lending him money?WATTERS: I'm not allowed to, Jessica. Are you donating to Democrats? How dare you? There's a rule book about that. I'll send it to you. I'll sign it. I think he will debate because he has to. And you're right, I hate to say it again, you're right, it's going to raise more questions. But Trump really does not need to do what he did during that first debate last time where he was just really, really too aggressive with the crosstalk. Let Biden breathe and that's all you need to do. Stay calm and be specific about the failure.GUTFELD: Judge, isn't this kind of more evidence it's a state of the human -- the human -- state of the human -- that's good. State of the Union was more of an aberration, you know, like when they jack up a fighter pilot, you know, with drugs. I mean, now he's back to old Joe.PIRRO: Yes, he's back to Old Joe. What is that movie? Is it El Sid where they propped him up on the horse so that the enemy in the war would think oh, my gosh, she's back. But I'm not saying anything like that about Joe.TARLOV: I'm glad we moved passed that.PIRRO: Here's the -- here's the thing though. I think it's really -- it's really kind of -- I don't know what the word would be. It's just -- it's ironic that he says it depends upon how Trump behaves as to whether or not he'll debate him. No, this is all going to depend upon how you behave and how your staff assesses whether or not you're, you know, in condition to debate Donald Trump.And if you recall, remember they scrapped Oval Office interviews because he didn't have a teleprompter or they didn't have one in the Oval Office because he didn't know how to handle that? And they're gaslighting us. I mean, you know the numbers are pretty clear that the American people already have their thoughts. Stop talking to us about Bidenomics which apparently he did because he realized it wasn't working. Stop saying crime is not an issue and you know the border is not an issue.And you know, I think the American people get it because Joe Biden from the get-go has been saying, watch me. Well, we've been watching him. We've been watching him stumble, mumble, fall. And the next day he sounds like a completely different guy. I mean, he's not articulate. He's running for Congress. He's not running for president. You know, it's a -- it's a sad commentary. The guy is good some days and real bad most.GUTFELD: Dana, shall I ask you about the Hur testimony? I didn't know it was tomorrow.PERINO: Yes, I'm ready for that.GUTFELD: Are we going to have a show?PERINO: Well, yes, I believe so because it starts at 10: a.m. on "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM."GUTFELD: Oh, OK, damn. All right, well, what are your thoughts? What do you expect? What do you predict?PERINO: Well, remember that the -- so Robert Hur is the special counsel who put out the report that said Biden had memory problems. And then the White House immediately said this man, Robert Hur, is a terrible person. I'm wondering how many Republicans will show up with I'm With Hur T-shirt because if you remember, that was the ones that they wanted for somebody else who was running.I'm interested to see how this will go. Sometimes Republicans have a way of getting in their own way.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And being too obnoxious. Just let the testimony speak for itself, sort of like with Biden. Like, don't have to be over dramatic. Don't have to like read like your statement like forever and be obnoxious. Just get the words out there because Robert Hur wrote it in his report. Just say, did you say this? Is this what you believe? Yes. OK, fine. Let it go.GUTFELD: There you go.PIRRO: And I have a quick question. Weren't we supposed to get those transcripts of Hur and Biden? Remember?PERINO: They were trying to get them. I don't know. I don't know.PIRRO: Nobody knows.PERINO: Maybe we shall find out.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: They were there in Joe's garage.PERINO: Tune in at 10:00 a.m. "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM." Don't miss it.GUTFELD: Don't miss it. Is Bill back yet?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Oh, good. I was worried about him.PERINO: Were you?GUTFELD: I thought he was really cold.Coming up, so much for the Democrat's plan to secure the subways with soldiers. A woman loses both her feet in a shoving.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Crime is still raging in Democrat-run New York City despite Liberal leaders sending in a military unit. A woman losing both of her feet after her boyfriend pushed her onto the subway tracks and ended the path of an oncoming train. It's pretty shocking development giving that Governor Kathy Hochul flooded the zone with a thousand troops and police officers to do bag checks on granny.Hochul also pulling back the big guns in her subway safety surge, banning the soldiers from using military-grade rifles while doing the checks. But the Liberal media says this whole crime thing just a ratings play anyways.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They just made it into a ratings thing. They just kept saying this and it's just not true.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think that's true. But I also think there was a carjacking on my street. We talk about carjackings as if like oh, well, it's not murder. Nobody likes to have a gun put in their face and their --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And D.C. did -- and D.C. in particular did have its highest homicide rate in 26 years in 2023. There's been I think a slight Improvement. We're only a couple of months into 2024.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is an outlier, but yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And we just had the D.C. Attorney General say you can't prosecute or arrest your way out of this carjacking problem. Well, I think you can actually.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, Dana, I don't think the Kathy Hohul surge into the subway system is having the desired effect.PERINO: As we destroyed Harold with last week, some of -- the criminals that you're worried about aren't carrying bags. Those aren't the ones you're concerned about. And putting the National Guard in there is just papering over the problem which is the prosecution and repeat offenders.Did you see that Chicago, the transit union there is now asking for the National Guard to come in and help them? It's like what are we doing with all of this expense? The National Guard is not meant to do this kind of work. The prosecutors are meant to do their job and the transit workers are supposed to do their job and the police are supposed to do their job.The National Guard is in a terrible position there. Do they know all the certain rules? And how many tools are they going to take away from them in order to actually do the job they've been asked to do? I think it's horrible and it's not going to work.WATTERS: We're militarizing the subway but not the border, Greg Gutfeld.GUTFELD: Yes. And the banning of the rifles is not a practical decision, it's an optics decision. That's always the case. Here is the opportunity cost of the George Floyd moment. We have sacrificed all sound policing and prosecution for a TSA-styled police state where the ladies get their bag checked but they lose their limbs later.They cannot profile criminals and they cannot maintain a police presence because well, there aren't any police at all. They're either retired or they've left the job. And you know, no one is going to be -- no one's going to accept recruitment for a job that the media has designated as a hate group for the past -- minimum four years. And -- but you got to look at this shift. We're shifting away from this community policing with local authorities to a government-run military. Now, stopping frisk is all inclusive. And it makes no one safer because the police tactics cannot be used.Searching bags is worse than doing nothing because it appears to do something. It's basically a kabuki of safety. The solution would be don't search indiscriminately, return to profiling and policing, focus on the situations. Who's there? It's so -- all of us know this when you're on the subway. The person who's erratic, acting suspicious. It's not hard. That's what policing is for. That's what policemen do. They walk, they know the neighborhood. They see -- they know this guy is new, this dude is weird, whatever. National Guard guys are just there for frosting.WATTERS: Jessica, it pains me to say Greg has a good point.GUTFELD: Oh, thank you.WATTERS: People were against stopping frisk. Now, they're all for stopping frisk everybody on the subway willy-nilly.TARLOV: Well, actually they're not. So, Kathy Hochul is being widely criticized by Liberals for this who are not necessarily saying there's no crime problem but they're saying we don't want to go back to a time where people were indiscriminately patted down or their bags opened. And yes, I - - as the only consistent subway rider on the panel, I can tell you --GUTFELD: How dare you.PERINO: I use it every day.TARLOV: I did not know that it was every day.GUTFELD: And I eat it Subway.TARLOV: Delicious. I don't know why people hate on Subway so much. I think it's really good. Anyway, Dana and I are the only consistent subway riders on the panel and I cannot remember a time I was afraid of a person with a bag.PERINO: Right.TARLOV: Honestly. Like, I know that there's a lot of paraphernalia the people who live in the subway which is a terrible tragedy have to have, but it is always a random person that is sticking their face in someone else's face, that is spitting, that is sleeping, whatever it is. And you know, the NYPD Chief of Patrol said, great, we'll take whatever help we can get. But that's not a ringy endorsement.Whatever their plan is, that is the plan that I would go with, because they're the ones that are down there. And I have noticed an enhanced police presence which I think is a good step in the right direction, but I think that this is just going to turn into kind of a post 911 nightmare again for people, and New Yorkers really don't want that. They want solutions but not a return to that.WATTERS: Take us home, Judge.PIRRO: If you want solutions, I think the best thing that you can do is try to examine the history of criminal justice and law enforcement. And it's very clear, the way to resolve this is to refund police, get rid of Bragg, pass a law of protecting victims, reverse this cash bail reform. And nothing is going to change, OK.And by the way, close the border. But here's the schizo approach Kathy Hochul has. On the one hand, you know, she -- she's part of the defund the police, and on the other hand, let's put the military in the subway. And on the one hand, we're going to -- we're going to arrest them, we're really going to arrest them, but she's not interested in taking out Alvin Bragg, the prosecutor, and any prosecutor isn't willing to prosecute crime.And she isn't willing to look at the fact that the only way you're going to keep some of these people in jail is by reversing the cash bail so-called reform, OK. And so, she's got this schizo approach because she doesn't know what she's doing.And we said on Friday, it took 48 hours for someone to push someone in front of a train. And that young woman, a train ran over her feet she lost one leg above the knee and one leg right below the knee, all right. And this is -- she says from now on, I'm not going to have people on the train who are convicted of assault.You lame person, this guy who pushed his girlfriend was on parole for a violent assault. I'm talking state prison. He just got out I think for stabbing his girlfriend, all right. So, you know, stop talking the talk and learn about criminal justice. And by the way, somebody ought to take care of the MTA workers. They face the Jordan Neelys as you just said every day, the guy that they know is going to be a problem, and no one is protecting the MTA workers.WATTERS: Yes, or from the likes of Dana Perino, we should' see her on the subway. It's chaos. The most powerful propaganda tool ever. Congressman Joe Biden ready to drop the hammer on Chinese-owned TikTok.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Congress is uniting for a change to try and ban TikTok. We could see a vote as early as this Wednesday on a bill that would require its Chinese-based owner to divest TikTok or face a ban on U.S. app stores. Top Democrat and Republican senators explaining why the app poses a threat to millions of impressionable young Americans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARK WARNER (D-VA): If you don't think the Chinese Communist Party can twist that algorithm to make it the news that they see reflective of their views, then I don't think you appreciate the nature of the threat. Would the United States ever allow China to buy CBS? I don't think they would.(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: President Biden says he would sign the bipartisan bill that would ban TikTok. But as many critics point out, his reelection campaign is currently on it.Dana, what do you think about this bill?PERINO: So, I think that it's -- I think you laid it out very well in the opening which is that it's an option, just divest right from the Chinese Communist Party, and the app stays. OK. That seems like a reasonable thing. Although what we know is that the Chinese want this out there because these are people -- like, Warner and Rubio, President Trump himself, Biden, 50 to zero in a committee saying yes, this thing is a problem from a security standpoint.So, to me I'm like I don't understand what all the fuss is except for that the Chinese really want to keep it and the investors here in America want to keep it as well. I thought it was smart of Biden to say he would sign the bill because if President Trump is going to say well, actually, maybe we shouldn't, Biden can say I'm being tougher on China than Trump.TARLOV: Absolutely, Greg, what do you think about the First Amendment challenge to this if it does go through?GUTFELD: I don't think -- I mean, it's the same thing with you don't take your kids to -- when I was growing up, you don't take your kids to an R- rated or X-rated film. That's not censorship, that's -- you know, that's just the way of doing business. You protect your kids. So, I'm for banning it.Well, hold on a second. Yes, how much? Really? Is that per month or per week? You know, I think it's a bad idea. I think we shouldn't be banning TikTok. I think you know, the thing is what's next if we ban TikTok?TARLOV: OnlyFans.GUTFELD: OnlyFans. But OK, it's not censorship and it's not about collecting your data that's the problem. It is about the persuasion. Three of the most disturbing mind viruses among young people have been amplified on and started on Tik Tok. One, you have this explosion of racial conflict in a time of peak diversity. America views itself as more racist than it ever was. That helps China.China also backs a lot of the companies for DEI and CRT so they know where it's at. Then you have the gender hysteric. You know, Libs of TikTok has heroically documented their own words on TikTok. It's a faucet of brainwash and it's convincing young kids to hate their bodies. That's the one thing that -- like, if you -- if the right wing was doing this to kids, your body's bad, people would freak out. But it's not -- it's happened.And then you have Hamas. You know, most of the disgusting defenses of October 7th are on TikTok, you know. And I have to say that a lot of the stuff is probably by design. It can't hurt China to have us fighting amongst ourselves. And I think that's where it comes to. It's the persuasion.I am like curious though about the abrupt switch of some Republicans, you know. It's like totally for the ban, now not so much.TARLOV: I think the answer always lies on K Street, right Judge?PIRRO: Oh, it lies -- it lies on K Street, but what I think is interesting about this is there are several Constitutional issues. And Congress can't just outright ban an App or anything else unless it poses a serious national security threat or a serious privacy invasion, OK. ByteDance apparently is saying that we've got this wall where we protect the data of American users. I mean, there's an article that I was reading about what they're doing and how they protect from the national -- for the national security issues that we're concerned about.But obviously, you have to worry about the Chinese Communist Party compelling a company to hand over data. And I think that they have that power to do that more so than any other country. But it's interesting that the Republicans have reversed on this including President Trump. And the belief apparently -- and I think it's kind of crazy that Joe Biden is on TikTok, his campaign. But I think they believe that what they saw during the 2020 election and Big Tech connecting with you know, these uh intelligence officials and banning as Russian disinformation, that it's going on by Facebook and Meta as well.So, I think it's really a balancing test. And it came out of committee, you're right, 50 to zero, but I think that hearing was a closed committee hearing and I think this is going through CFIUS as well. So, there are a lot of other issues at stake here and I'm not sure we're hearing everything.TARLOV: Jesse?WATTERS: Well, every Chinese company must comply with China intelligence officials if they ask for something. Even when the app isn't open they can spy on everything you're researching, everything you're buying. So, China knows exactly what I'm up to which is a real problem. But just like the politicians, I'm willing to put my security at risk to make sure "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" has enough reach out there to expand the audience.PIRRO: So, what you should do is you should have a separate phone if you're committed to TikTok and not have anything else on it.WATTERS: Also, for depositions.GUTFELD: And also -- but remember, China doesn't let his -- let their kids see this content.PERINO: That's right.PIRRO: That's right.GUTFELD: So, they know -- they know it's bad.PERINO: Also, when they had --TARLOV: But they don't want them to know about democracy.PERINO: The other thing is that when they had all of the kids who didn't even know how to use a phone call their congressman the other day. It just proved that the Chinese Communist Party can figure out a way to help control our politics.TARLOV: And the seniors. It was kids and seniors.PERINO: Yes.TARLOV: All right, coming up, John Cena bears it all and Ken lights up the stage. The wild moments from the Oscars.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Oh, there were plenty of big surprises here at the table and at the Oscars last night. John Cena shocking the audience after appearing to walk out buck naked to present the best costume design award. It turns out he was wearing a loin cloth behind that strategically placed envelope. And sorry Barbie, but Ken stole the show. Ryan Gosling giving a dazzling performance of I'm just Ken.All right, Greg, would you come out with just the envelope in front?PERINO: Tomorrow?GUTFELD: It have to be one big envelope. No, OK, this is an interesting thing. OK, so he was marking the 50th anniversary of the Male Streaker when David Niven was out there. Hollywood is all about course corrections since MeToo. Shouldn't it -- shouldn't that have been a female, right? I mean, like, why was it -- why if they're talking about getting more inclusive, it should have been a female. I would have liked to have seen Halle Berry do it.But you know, again, it was the night for White people. He was White, the White host, White guy won best actor, White woman won best female actor, best director, best -- all White people.PIRRO: OK, nobody thinks like you do. I would never think like that. Jesse, would you come out in a loin cloth?WATTERS: I would but I don't think Fox would love it. I'd be proud to do it. And people would be surprised about how proud I'd be, Judge.PIRRO: Yes, OK.WATTERS: I've been working really hard.GUTFELD: One of those Band-Aids will do.PIRRO: All right, I'm just -- I'm just Ken.TARLOV: I loved it. I thought that this Oscars was not that I'm the biggest Jimmy Kimmel fan but it was so low on politics and high on fun. And I think a lot of that has to do with a movie like Barbie. And the riffing between Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt about the summer of Barbenheimer was so cute. And he really stole the show. I liked all the posts about, you know, if you're not going to give me the Oscar, I'm going to make you pay that everyone's just going to be talking about me, and they are. And the homage to you know Diamonds Are Girl's Best Friend, I thought it was fabulous. But I want Eva Mendes on the red carpet with him. They like the hottest couple and --PIRRO: All right, Eva, from now on you have to go with Ryan.TARLOV: Yes, it sure is. This is going to make him come out.PIRRO: All right, I'll end it with you, Dana.PERINO: So, I didn't -- I'm in a minute 38 into the Barbie movie before I bailed and said this is definitely not for me.GUTFELD: You hate competition.PERINO: Yes, right, exactly. I did love Nyad. And I thought Annette Bening and Jodie Foster were amazing. And the producer and director are friends of mine, and they should have won.PIRRO: OK --TARLOV: And the tribute to Jodie Foster from Jamie Lee Curtis was incredible.PIRRO: Yes. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg?GUTFELD: Tonight, Monday, what a great show 10:00 p.m. Jim Norton, Mollie Hemingway, Drew Pinsky, Kat Timpf. Watch it. Let's do this. Greg's Itchy Cow News.TARLOV: What?GUTFELD: Yes, let's take a look at another itchy cow. This one in northern England. You know what they did? They used a repurposed car wash brush so he can just scratch his back. Look how happy he is.PERINO: Happy is the cow. Happy, happy cow.GUTFELD: One of the few enjoyments you have before being cut to pieces.TARLOV: Is that actually for their enjoyment or there some like debugging?PERINO: Yes, enjoyment.PIRRO: They enjoyed it.WATTERS: Tenderloin is going to be --GUTFELD: Exactly. You can buy that in any gift shop.PERINO: All right, Judge.PIRRO: Yes, my pigs used to do that. They would just like find anything. OK, anyway, you know, whenever there's a gang crime, there's always a lookout. So, two bears were a lookout for this bear who's stealing the garbage. Not just the garbage but the garbage can. When the lights came on, they knew they were in trouble, and they fled the scene with the garbage can.PERINO: Wow. That's really interesting. Amazing.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Jesse?GUTFELD: They both got debit cards now.WATTERS: Would you like to hear another titillating excerpt from Get It Together?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: No.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: OK. It doesn't matter what your answer is, it's going to come at you anyway. I'm butt naked. It's the middle of winter. It's cold. And I just start joyously doing cartwheels and walking back and forth in the middle of the street and people are taking pictures of me.We're going to be starting a new series on "PRIMETIME" where people that I've interviewed for the book will be appearing as guest. That lady who wants to legalize prostitution will be appearing tomorrow night on the show. But tonight, we have Johnny who went to Spring Break. Here's the taste.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL PRODUCER: What's Kamala been up to?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't even know who that is.BELISARIO: Kamala Harris? What do you think she does?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, it's a girl.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It's a girl. Yes, Kamala is a girl.PERINO: Yes, oh boy.TARLOV: That bad.PERINO: Boy, I got to talk to Johnny about that. Hey, I'll just promote the podcast this week, Perino On Politics with Brit Hume, everybody, Brit Hume.GUTFELD: Brit Hume. Brit Hume, everybody.PIRRO: That we got to see.PERINO: It just posted. Jessica?GUTFELD: Thank you, Dana.TARLOV: OK. They're striking a pose on the mound. A Florida exhibition baseball team for the hilarious rendition of the famous scene from Dirty Dancing. Those are of course the Savannah Bananas which are huge sensation.PERINO: Of course.WATTERS: Savannah Bananas.PERINO: All right, that's it for us, everyone. Have a great night! Hey, Bret!