NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And if her interest was to slap him, she's doing anything but, real quick?DON PEEBLES, FOUNDER AND CEO, PEEBLES CORPORATION: I haven't, but Barack Obama is a different person. As you recall, Barack Obama was president of the United States and oversaw the General Services Administration. Donald Trump said that he wasn't a citizen. He still won the post.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The New York Post obtaining these shocking images of a border stampede. Check it out, a group of over 100 migrants rushing a wall in El Paso, Texas after furiously breaking through razor wire, knocking over guards as they attempted to enter America illegally.The Texas National Guard later securing the area, but if you think that's bad, the border crisis is now colliding with America squatter crisis, a Venezuelan national TikToker with over a 500,000 followers urging other illegal immigrants to invade vacant American homes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): My people, I have thought about invading a house in the United States because I learned that there's a law that says if a house is not inhabited, we can expropriate it. I think that will be my next business, invade abandoned houses.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: These stunning images come as Laken Riley's dad calls on Georgia leaders to declare what's happened at the border an invasion.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON RILEY, LAKEN RILEY'S FATHER: A man with an evil heart, stole her life. He was in this country and in this state illegally. My vision for every senator in this chamber is that you protect citizens from this illegal invasion.Governor Kemp, please declare an invasion to detain and deport criminals illegals so we can prevent future families from those tragedies.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: All of this madness set to get worse thanks to some incompetence from the White House. Nearly 200,000 migrant deportation cases are being thrown out because the Biden administration failed to fire paperwork on them. 200,000.Greg, on the squatter TikTok migrant dude, you had a suggestion the other day that this might happen.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I did. It's -- so you have a TikToker instructing illegals how to squat in people's homes. You can't get a more 2024 story. Like, all that's -- so, you have illegal immigrants -- immigration squatting in TikTok. All that's missing is Travis Kelce, hooking up with Dylan Mulvaney in Haiti, and then it'd be everything.But it goes back to the theme of boundary destruction. I laid this out yesterday and thank you for bringing it up. When one boundary goes, so goes another. The border between countries is gone, that's a boundary, what follows is the boundary between your home and the chaos outside which is caused by the other boundary, the border.And then what is TikTok, that's a propaganda weapon that has broken the boundaries of your mind. Children especially it goes right through, the parents can't control it. And the modern, I would say, progressive has demonized any protections against any pernicious outside influences who dare to point out any wrongdoing in any of this, the cultural Marxists will tell you that you're probably a racist.10 years ago on this show, I pointed out the hypocrisy of the open border elites who had walls, gates and fences around their property. Why did it work for them, but it doesn't work for our country, right? Our country is our home.Well, now they can see that by forfeiting one will lead to the forfeiture of another. You look at these immigration gangs coming over, they're going into wealthy people's homes, they don't break into poor people's homes.By the way, just one more point about the losing all that paperwork, you know, would they ever lose like 200,000 tax returns, you know? Or checks -- or checks? Would they ever lose that? They're really good with that stuff. But some -- now, you know, where can it go?PERINO: What happens, Judge, if there's -- if notices to appear just disappear to the people? They don't have to worry about it?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: No, they don't have to worry about it. First of all, the whole concept is absurd. You let people into this country about whom you know nothing. They can be wanted in their own country for murder as we found out the last two days, the news that we've heard about individuals wanted for murder and high crimes in their own country, they're coming here. We don't ask them anything.But think about the absurdity of it, Dana. We let them in. And we say they're on parole. That's baloney. They're not on parole, because if you're on parole, your parole officer knows where you are every minute, so they don't know where they are. They're gone. So, of course they can't give them an NTA, notice to appear. That's why nobody's appearing they don't get the notice because nobody knows where they are in the first place.This is basically the destruction of civilization. It's the elimination of borders. It's the creation of a globalist landing spot where people are not happy to be here. They're demanding that they be here, that they be accommodated with homes, and they're going to look for your home to enter. And the laws in the United States in all 50 states, Dana, allow squatters to have rights. It's just a question of 30 days or more than 30 days of your intentionally intending to make this your permanent resident.Here's the bottom line, if these legislators in the states or Congress want to pass a law to give American citizens their right of ownership, they can eliminate all of this squatter nonsense, because they're not tenants, they're trespassers, and more than that, they're burglars.PERINO: We should track that with like, figuring out which state legislatures are doing that. Jesse, when we see this footage that the New York Post put up of the stampede at the border today. And you have Texas National Guard trying to deal with this. You know, we are in a visual medium. We know that people are going to see this not just on their televisions, but also on their phones, it's going to be everywhere.And the Biden administration can continue to say everything's fine, or that Congress needs to get give them more money and everything will be OK.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Joe Biden can spend $10 million on ads this weekend. And then you can watch that video. And that money just blows itself up.What you're seeing is no one knows how to say stop. And notice, why did they stop? Oh, wait, that was a wall that stopped them because we were told walls don't work. They snipped through the barbed wire and then they made a wall and they stop. Which is weird because we were told walls are racist and are ineffective. We were told we weren't even allowed to say invasion.A year ago, if you had said invasion, you would have been slandered as a racist. Now Texas has declared it. And these are people who are asking to come in. These are people violently trespassing into the country. This is an invasion. And an Obama judge just allowed these people to have weapons.So, they're invading the border. They're invading our homes. And this guy, this influencer, this -- I guess you can call him a migrant welfare king. He had another video where he said come over, break into the country and have babies because you won't believe what they give you when you have babies. If you have a baby, they give you checks every month.So, come in here, you don't have to work. We were told they're here to work. And now they're violently invading the country and then ripping off the welfare state. Everything we were told about this border was wrong. We were lied to about it. And men need to stand up and just say stop, or perhaps get it together, which I discussed in my new book Get it Together.PERINO: Oh my word.WATTERS: If you had a strong leader in the White House or a strong leader anywhere to say stop, no, you're not crossing. This isn't how we run things. That would happen. But we have a soft man in the White House who just lets everything pour across his stupid lap.PERINO: And the numbers are interesting, Jessica. CNN data reporter Harry Enten looked at all of these numbers on immigration and border security, polling. And this is what he said, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY ENTEN, CNN DATA REPORTER: Look at that advantage that Joe Biden has on -- excuse me, that Donald Trump has on immigration and border security. It's near 30 points. This is a tremendous change that's going on. And it's no wonder that Donald Trump is running on immigration. And he's not just running on it in a Republican primary, he's running on in the general election.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: I mean, Biden can't change a 30-point differential by saying Congress has to send me more money.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's one of those margins, that's actually too big to be changed, you can only hope that you can get into the kind of 10 to 15 percentage points on that, the economy then becomes the number one issue again for people and we had elections on Tuesday, like the mini Super Tuesday, and it's interesting to see where the Nikki Haley, voters are in all of this, because they're the ones that are going to decide the election, right? The moderate Republicans and independents who aren't going to necessarily support Donald Trump are open to Joe Biden, and it was about 15 to 25 percent, depending on the state, from Florida to Ohio, they're still ranking the economy as number one, but immigration is right there.And now, that immigration, because of Greg Abbott, doing the busing is a liberal city problem. This is something that's on our radar, it doesn't mean that it's going to be the thing that's absolutely top of mind when you go in to vote, but it's a big concern and you see a margin like that.And if the numbers don't get smaller, especially on other issues, because Trump has been up on other issues as well. Joe Biden, that's a really rough go for him in November.PERINO: That's a wrap on that. All right, ahead, the media throwing a fit over Trump's bloodbath comments, but it's near silence on the ex-NBC executive who said Barron Trump was fair game.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The same media who lost their minds over an out-of-context clip of Donald Trump saying there'd be a bloodbath in the auto industry seemed to have no problems with one of their own targeting Donald Trump's youngest son. A former NBC senior executive posting this trash on social media, Barron Trump turns 18 today, he's fair game now.The guy who posted that, deleted it and is apologizing. Telling our producers, "By fair game I meant as an adult and the child of a president, Barron Trump is now fair game for media scrutiny. After I posted it, people brought to my attention that fair game could be interpreted as physical harm against Mr. Trump. I would never wish physical harm or violence against anyone, so I quickly deleted the post. I apologize to Mr. Trump and family and realize I shouldn't have posted what I did at all."And he's not the only liberal using violent language against his political opponents. James Carville says Biden surrogates should do the wet work against Trump, which is a euphemism for murder or assassination, that alludes to spilling blood. In other words, a bloodbath.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: President Biden is not the best attack politician I've ever seen in my life. And I'll leave it at that. But there are a lot of people that to do what I call, "The wet work". And he --ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST: It sounds like a mob hit.CARVILLE: Well, it's kind of but it's a paid T.V. and stuff like that. But yes, a CIA term. Take a guy out, but he doesn't need to do the wet work.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Greg, the senior former executive, do you really think that's what he meant?GUTFELD: Not at all. In fact, I think -- I think the critics are wrong on this. And I think they're letting him off easy.When he said Barron was fair game, they thought he was making a political threat. He was talking about sex, right? If you look at his past tweets, they were always about Barron as a sex object, they were taking pic -- there were photos of him when he was younger, from various body parts hoping that he would be gay.Now there's a word for this, and it rhymes with grooming, you know, focusing on a boy's appearance, hoping for his sexual awakening. And then he says, hi, I wish no harm. No, you didn't wish any harm. You wanted to seduce him. And he was able to get away with this because hey, I'm gay, no one will dare accuse me of grooming, I'll just call them homophobic. So, he was able to get away with it for so long, and now it's like, oh, he's like -- like, if people actually knew what he meant, it would be worse.But I have to -- you know, I want to talk about like, just in general a message to all these Trump haters, because they're -- clearly, they're like going after the family as if it's not enough. They need another one. They just can't sate their derangement. I just -- I can't wait to go after Barron.Sometimes the enemy of the system isn't perfect. You know? And how can you not see that the system is trying to destroy its biggest enemy that it's ever had, and you are siding with the system because you don't like the other guy.Hating Trump should not matter if you have principles, right? You have a system right now, you can call it the deep state and call it whatever it is. But it's law fare times 12. They're using every weapon possible, violating the laws, violating the Constitution to do it.It shouldn't matter how you feel about Trump, it should matter how you feel about your country, you know, because it's not going to end with Trump. There's going to be somebody you really support and this is going to happen to them. The system is doing this to a private and a public citizen, but a private citizen taking his assets. It's just to me, it should be even more of a -- of a dedicated outrage because you don't like him because that's harder.WATTERS: Are we reaching a dangerous place now?PERINO: Well, I think this was a great another -- like a missed political opportunity for the White House to do the right thing. Like what was stopping them from putting out a statement today saying, boy, stop. What are you talking about? Never, absolutely not. Do not talk about Barron Trump. Absolutely not.Like, some sort of thing to say. We're going to do the right thing here and it's not going to be going after Barron Trump. But do you remember, the Capitol Hill press secretary who dared to comment on the outfit choice of one of the Obama daughters? She got run out of town. She got -- she got fired. She didn't work for a long time.So, there are double standards when it comes to the media indeed.As to what James Carville said, I'll let somebody else talk about the phrase he used, wet work. But I think it's hilarious that he thinks that Joe Biden is the most effective attack politician we've ever seen. I mean, are you -- maybe back in the day, but certainly not now. You have to be able to throw a punch and land a punch. And I just think he's going to get knocked out.WATTERS: Does it hurt the Democrats, Jessica, when they're policing the speech of Donald Trump? They're not even doing it, honestly. They're taking them out of context. And then they're throwing around wet work.TARLOV: I just don't think James Carville is that important at this particular moment. I understand he is great for clip culture online. And what he did in the 90s is incredible, you know, master strategists, and Bill Clinton is one of the more effective presidents and Republicans even liked him. And we worked, Republicans and Democrats side-by-side, contract for America, all of that. And James Carville is a huge piece of that.And it doesn't mean that necessarily his political instincts are wrong. I think 2016 he and Bill Clinton actually were very right about what Hillary should have been doing versus what her campaign was doing. But I don't think that you can compare someone who's just talking on Anderson Cooper to someone who was president United States of America, and is vying to be president United States of America again.And I watched the bloodbath clip. I understand that was about the auto industry. But the point is, is that you cannot ignore the long history of Donald Trump talking in those types of terms when this goes backwards.GUTFELD: (INAUDIBLE).TARLOV: No, I'm not.GUTFELD: Yes, you are. Because if you -- if you weren't ignoring them, you'd go oh, that's just his language.TARLOV: No, but the -- but the man --GUTFELD: You're actually just proving the wrong point.TARLOV: No.GUTFELD: He has -- he talks bluntly and he uses these phrases.TARLOV: I understand that we have to give him more roadway than everyone else because he uses imprecise language, but the man calling migrants vermin that they're poisoning the blood of our country.GUTFELD: They're illegals who are criminals, be specific.TARLOV: Sure.GUTFELD: I would -- I would call an illegal criminal vermin.TARLOV: OK. In 2016, talking about if he's denied the nomination, I think you'd have riots 2020, responding to an average ruling.GUTFELD: That's because there were riots when he won. Right?TARLOV: Are you just --GUTFELD: Yes, I'm going to go through every point.TARLOV: OK, great.After the Pennsylvania Supreme Court told him again that he had lost, that he said, I would induce violence in the street, bad things will happen and bad things lead to other types of bad things. 2023, death and destruction if I'm charged by the Manhattan D.A. 2023 after the Mar-a-Lago search in August, terrible things that are going to happen. 2024, bedlam in the country, if criminal charges against me or our successful.GUTFELD: I'm not seeing in absence of bedlam.WATTERS: There's also an actual invasion taking place that you don't seem to care about, Jessica. We just watched it on the video. People are dying. People are getting raped.TARLOV: That's not what he's talking about. He's talking about people who should like care about the Capitol.WATTERS: And you share what President Donald Trump says, well, this country is in a mess right now, Judge.PIRRO: One of the things I want to go back to Barron. This guy is weird. OK, this former NBC exec and I'm trying to find out why he's a former NBC exec. He's been focused on Barron for a long time. 17, 18, 19, the first son could be a model, you know, he's cool. He towers over his father. He's always talking about him with pictures, baby photos. There's something wrong with him. OK, that's for starters.And secondly, Barron Trump has never involve himself in politics. He's got no social media. He's got no teen life drama. He's got no problems with the law, no public outbursts. This kid is about as straight and proper and nonpolitical, as any kid who's ever been in the White House.And so, for them to target him is just inappropriate. But you know, it's OK to target Barron Trump. But Hunter Biden, you know, you can't bother him.Meanwhile, this guy is 54 years old and still living in the White House. So, and the shame of this whole thing with Carville is they allow themselves to talk about violence in a way that they don't allow anyone to even reference it on the right.And so, when Carville talks about wet work, he's talking about blood. He's talking about cleaning up bodies, and he specifically says, yes, it's a CIA term to take guys out. He's admitting what it is.Look, there's no question. They've taken Donald Trump's money. They've indicted him, they're trying to take away his civil rights and civil liberty. And you know what the next thing is and don't make like they haven't thought about it. Because they've been sending signals for a long time on it.WATTERS: They've been fantasizing about it on social media.TARLOV: That's not what we fantasized about.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: How about you carry Donald Trump's bleeding head in your hand?TARLOV: Kathy Griffin -- so, James Carville and Kathy Griffin have said things that are inappropriate and that guy -- get it together, man. That guy liberals pounced, as the headline will read all over that guy's tweet and like take that down. This was not something that was applauded by anyone.WATTERS: Well said, Jessica. Thank you.Up next, I was talking about the book plug. Thank you. The blockheads running California causing cops to slap Legos on criminals.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: A new California laws blocking police from sharing suspect photos or mug shots for nonviolent crimes, forcing cops at one department to get a little creative and replacing their faces with Lego heads. Check out these two blockheads busted for shoplifting. The suspect allegedly stole a victim's phone, any mugshot they do post has to be deleted after 14 days.But there's a big update. The Police Department says it will stop using Lego heads after the toy company complained. So, going forward, they'll use emojis.Judge, I want to start with you. And you can take us anywhere you want. But how did they not think that Lego would immediately say, take our toys off their heads?PIRRO: Yes, Lego issued an immediate cease and desist. But that's California. They don't know what they're doing.I mean, the whole concept is absurd. I get it if you've been acquitted, if your records expunged because you're younger, if there's some kind of eradication or dismissal, or even a certificate rehabilitation, that they call it in California, which I imagine is not a difficult thing to get.But what I want to know is what did they use in lineups now in photo arrays? I mean, do they use Legos? I mean, they can't, obviously.But they say if it's a nonviolent crime, you cannot use that photo. And then the question becomes, so if you steal like thousands of dollars of fraud, or if you get in a senior citizen, and you con her and she ends up losing her house. You may consider that a nonviolent crime, but to that senior citizen it's an economic violent crime.So, this is just an effort, a further effort to exonerate the guilty so that we can live in a society where there's no accountability, there's no consequence, let's just clean up everybody's record, let's make sure no one is accountable, no one's recognized, and it's nonsense.And by the way, I love it. They also want to make sure that in the -- when you're arrested, they use the right pronouns. It's an important step in affirming their true identity and racial and gender. God forbid they're arrested for a crime and they get their feelings hurt. Instead, they should identify as innocent as opposed to him, her, they, or it.TARLOV: Greg, couldn't you make the argument as the folks behind this policy have that this is part of due process. These people haven't been convicted of a crime and that's splashing their faces all over the internet and T.V. isn't fair.GUTFELD: I could make that argument.TARLOV: But you don't want to.GUTFELD: I'm not going to.TARLOV: OK.GUTFELD: For no reason whatsoever. Like the Judge said, you're putting the interests of the criminals ahead of their victims. In this case, these criminals are put in front of future victims because if the -- like, if the -- if you knew, you had the confidence that these -- you know, these people would spend time in jail, then I think it wouldn't matter. But they're out before the cops get the paperwork done.So, you know the mug shots aren't about the past victims, it's so you recognize a person as he's following you into an elevator so you can say, I have -- I have a tip off to get out. I'm willing to bet the people who make these decisions are far enough way -- away from the environments where they won't run into repeat offenders. That's what this is about. So, it doesn't matter to them. It's like the sanctuary city dopes who indulge that luxury belief knowing that only the border states would have to deal with it, but now they're paying the price.So, all of these Soros-funded politicians and affluent White Liberals are safe from the policies that they enact on minority communities who have to deal with the criminals in their -- in their -- in their area. They're the ones that are going to get mugged, not the people who create these rules.TARLOV: Dana, what do you think?PERINO: Not too much more to add except for that I was going to point out like, they're not going to prosecute them anyway.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Or you know -- so -- and well, maybe some of them if they're super violent, but pretty much everybody seems to be able to get out of it. The other thing I was going to point out is I really hate the trend where you have police departments that are not allowed to describe a suspect based on physical appearance. Like, you can't say, Brown person, White person. Like, it's really absurd because how are you supposed to find somebody that in pursuit of someone like that.PIRRO: Well, they can if they're in a pursuit. They can. I mean, that's the only way they can communicate who they're looking for by identifying the person.PERINO: No, I'm just thinking of something that we covered on "NEWSROOM" which I don't have the specifics and I probably don't -- but it's Thursday and I've had 18 shows this week.GUTFELD: No, but in the media.PERINO: Yes, in the media.GUTFELD: You notice it? Like, they will not tell you what a person looks like because that would be racist.PERINO: Yes, exactly. That was my point. The other point I wanted to make is that universities have been for a couple generations now or a couple of decades now leading up to this point where you see very liberal policies in H.R. departments, in media, in sports even, and think it's happening through the criminal justice system as well.GUTFELD: It's going everywhere.TARLOV: Jesse?WATTERS: I like to look at mug shots because I want to see these people and it's also a deterrent, shame. When you are arrested and you're per walked or your mug shots out there or if you get swept up in a underage sex sting in Polk County, Florida and the guy publicizes it on billboards all over the freeway --GUTFELD: I hated that.WATTERS: You're driving -- oh, wait, isn't that our neighbor? Like, that is a deterrent. So, in the sense I think that's smart, but in the other sense what if I get arrested for something I didn't do because I'm obviously innocent and it's a non-violent crime and I don't have a Lego? And I'm innocent until proven guilty.TARLOV: You got an emoji.WATTERS: I'm innocent until proven guilty. So, I should have something on my face. I mean, a logo, something.TARLOV: You got an emoji.PERINO: Definitely put your book cover on your face.WATTERS: Yes. I will lease the book cover to the county in California if they need something after the Lego.PERINO: You should just let them use that in all the lineups.WATTERS: Probably.TARLOV: OK.PERINO: Good idea.TARLOV: I would like to clarify a comment I made yesterday during our discussion of Tony Bobulinski's appearance at the Congressional hearing. During an exchange with my colleagues about the hearing, I said that Mr. Bobulinski lawyer fees have been paid by a Trump super PAC as recently as January. What was actually said during the hearing was that the law firm representing Mr. Bobulinski was paid by a Trump PAC. I have seen no indication those payments were made in connection with Mr. Bobulinski's legal fees and he denies that they were.All right, coming up next, a member of the Squad derailing a Congressional impeachment hearing lecture -- oh, to lecture about COVID.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Squad member Rashida Tlaib derailing the Biden Impeachment Inquiry hearing to say that Americans care more about long COVID.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): This is an incredibly important committee. We could be doing some phenomenal things. I want to know about the American Rescue dollars and where that money is being used. Is it being used towards public health Is it being used towards the crisis that continues to happen to many of our families being impacted by long COVID symptoms?(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Fellow Squad member Ayanna Pressley agrees. She just celebrated Long COVID Awareness Day last week. But the far-left lawmakers must not have read this study that says long COVID is fake. Australian-backed medical researchers debunking it and saying the term long COVID causes unnecessary fear.All right, Greg, given your medical expertise, is long COVID a real thing?GUTFELD: It's a good question. I'm going to use an old Scott Adams phrase, two movies on one screen. If I say ever since I got the vaccine I haven't been the same, someone will say that's long COVID. If someone says I have long COVID, another person will say no that's injury from the vaccines.So, these two things are going to exist forever whether it is real or not. I'm inclined to think it's not real. But when it comes to politicians embracing long COVID, the system ultimately protects itself. The party gained new powers over people in ways that we never imagined before. When the blob expands, it will kill rather than to retract.So, COVID alarmism is now encoded in the Progressive mindscape along with identity politics, lawfare, and bureaucracy building. Long COVID will become another strand in the identity alphabet LBG -- LBGTQLC.PIRRO: LBGTQLC-plus.GUTFELD: Plus.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, isn't it rich how Ayanna Pressley interrupts -- or Rashida Tlaib interrupts a hearing that she calls a sham to talk about long COVID which isn't real?WATTERS: Yes, I think long COVID could be in their head although I've lost my sense of smell.GUTFELD: I wish I did.WATTERS: I'm actually glad sitting next to you I've lost it. But sometimes I feel like I've lost my sense of taste or smell. I used to have really rich flavors swirling around my pallet. I feel like --GUTFELD: You never had taste.WATTERS: Is this long COVID mean now we're going to have an all-mail-in ballot election? Is that what we're going to do, Jessica? I just feel like they're always looking for an excuse for something and we're on to it now. We are on to it. Don't you dare, Jessica. Don't you dare.TARLOV: I'm not daring to do anything today.WATTERS: Good. Probably smart.TARLOV: Yes.PIRRO: OK. So, if Democrats say that long COVID -- 41 percent of them say long COVID isn't over in four years. How long before they say it's really over? Will it ever be over?TARLOV: Not for certain people. But I don't -- I think the point is that it's not derailing society anymore. This is a standout thing. I was surprised she started talking about this. The Australian study doesn't say that there aren't long COVID symptoms, it says that you're unnecessarily scaring people which are two different things.Like, in mid-February, the week of February 10th for instance, there were 19,000 new hospitalizations from COVID. COVID is still a thing. And I don't believe in shaming anyone who wants to wear a mask as long as they're not making you wear a mask for it. But where I think that there's been a lot of uniting and it's a very good thing is about this issue of what happened to the kids, that kids were held out of school, and that that was something that didn't need to be closed down or need to be closed down for a few months, and then we knew that this six feet apart thing didn't make a difference for young people.And that's where you really see this unity amongst Democrats and Republicans. And we were talking about it last night. My husband feels really passionately about it that Democrats can't run towards the COVID policies because this is such a central piece of this. And you have kids who've lost you know five to 10 years of progress not just in a classroom but the social-emotional toll that this is taken on them, that they didn't have activities, that they couldn't hang out with their friends. I don't think it's a winning issue for Democrats.PIRRO: Dana, why is COVID -- why has it been so politicized when here we are four years later, we understand that we now know what it's about?PERINO: Yes. Also, because President Biden was the one who declared the pandemic was over and that was something he really wanted to be able to claim as like, look what I did, I ended the pandemic. So, the -- I don't doubt that there are maybe some people out there who had underlying conditions who got COVID who now maybe have exacerbated symptoms of what they had before in terms of the underlying condition. That's certainly possible. I'm not a doctor.But I do think the other thing she was looking for, they're looking for more money. That's what that was about.PIRRO: She did mention money. Very interesting. And did you know that sometimes when you give blood, they want to know if you've had the vaccine? So there.TARLOV: And Mad Cow.PIRRO: Is it ever OK to order off the kids' menu? "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Yes, welcome back. Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, is it illegal or undocumented to order off the kids' menu. An adult woman says she shouldn't be judged after ordering some children-friendly options at her hotel. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I just ordered room service and the girl who brought it to my room opens the door and she's like -- she's like where's the kid? I was like, what do you mean? She was like, you ordered off the kids' menu. Let me enjoy my kid's meal in peace.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow. Dana, I hate it when they come to my door and say where's the kid?PERINO: You know how you always make fun of the P.R. -- the studies, like the P.R. studies?GUTFELD: Yes, yes.PERINO: Like, now I feel like this is what these viral videos are.GUTFELD: Exactly.PERINO: I think somebody figuring out a way to get on television or their TikTok thing. Here's the thing. A lot of meals that are sent to your room, if you are in a position to order room service, they're huge.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And you don't need that much food. And so, you might just want the kids' menu because a lot of stuff on the kids' menu is better than all this other stuff that they have on the regular menu.GUTFELD: Yes, the only small things are the salt and pepper things and you can't open them up.PERINO: And the tabasco.GUTFELD: And the tabasco, those are so adorable. I love those.PERINO: It's hard to open.GUTFELD: Everything small is adorable.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Judge, she's got a good point this crazy person over here. A kids' menu is probably how everybody eats in the rest of the world portion wise.PIRRO: No, here's the thing. I'm the one in the -- in the hotel who eats the whole thing, who eats the big adult menu. But look, it's nobody's damn business. If they're selling it, it's none of their business. If you want to buy it, you're not asking for anything, you're not entitled to based upon their designation of the price. End of the story. It's none of your damn business.GUTFELD: I tell them, Jessica, when they ask me. I go, I'm a child at heart.TARLOV: I am 12.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And nobody argues.GUTFELD: I identify.TARLOV: They have raised the prices dramatically on the kids' menu though to counteract this at least in restaurants because they know that you walk in -- we were talking about this yesterday, you sit down, you immediately order your kids food because it's going to be like a chicken finger, or French fries fit if not.And then, while you're waiting for your food, of course, you're going to eat half of their food because they can't finish it, so they have hiked the prices on it which I understand from an economic standpoint. But it's frustrating that kids --WATTERS: Why have they hiked the prices?TARLOV: Economics.GUTFELD: Say it. Bidenomics, you're right.TARLOV: No. Well, it's not just that. But they kind of deserve it because it's half our meal now, and so you'll only order an appetizer because you had chicken fingers.GUTFELD: You know, Jesse, you could probably save a lot of money if you just order kids meals.WATTERS: As the only one with social graces on this table, I will tell you it's not illegal but it is frowned upon. If you have 50 grown men go into a normal restaurant and just take everything out of the kids' menu, if I'm a waitress -- I'm a waitress and I'm walking over like this.PERINO: How do you walk? How do you walk?WATTERS: I'm insulted by that and I feel gypped. Can I say gypped?GUTFELD: I don't think so.PERINO: I don't think so.WATTERS: I feel ripped off.GUTFELD: Yes, there you go. There you go.WATTERS: Two apologies in one show.TARLOV: I clarified.PERINO: There you go, Jessee.WATTERS: So did I.PERINO: Jesse, give it up. No, hold the hand.WATTERS: Not gypped.PERINO: Don't say anything more.GUTFELD: All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Jessica.TARLOV: OK, an Olympic snowboarder posted a video cruising down a mountain with her 1-year-old daughter on her back. Two-time gold medalist Jamie Anderson strapped Little Misty onto her back for an unconventional Mama- Daughter Day. Definitely, I have never done that. She captioned the sweet video with "sharing what I love with my little love" and noted feeling her baby's little kicks of joy as she shredded the slopes.WATTERS: Child endangerment.TARLOV: Isn't that cute?WATTERS: Very nice, Jessica.PERINO: You go, girl!WATTERS: Wow.TARLOV: Yes. You go, girl!PERINO: Jessie.WATTERS: So, we're sold out at Point Pleasant Beach on Sunday, so if you really want to see me this weekend, you got to see me at Northvale, New Jersey. I'll be there Saturday in the afternoon. And I'll be doing stuff that I can't even talk about on the air but it's going to be awesome.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" -- before that I will be on the "INGRAHAM ANGLE" and then I will be on my own show. And the Get It Together series continues with the Drug Legalization Guru. Here's a sneak peek.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Have you tried fentanyl?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have done it, yes. I've actually died off of it and had to be brought back. I didn't know it was fentanyl. I thought it was cocaine.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Well, he's lucky he lived.GUTFELD: His eyes were huge.WATTERS: Those were his Google glasses.PIRRO: Was that a guitar?WATTERS: Yes.PERINO: Wow.PIRRO: Did he play for you?WATTERS: He sure did.PERINO: I can't wait to see that one. What about you, Greg?GUTFELD: Oh, tonight, we got a barnburner, no offense to the Amish. Liz MacDonald, Jamie Lissow, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. It's going to be great. Hey, let's do this. Greg Changes The World. You know, I'm not too happy about this, but for the second year in a row, ever since I got my little guy, Gus, the French Bulldog is the number one dog breed in the country. That's Gus on the right.You know, you people know me well enough that I actively avoid popular things. If you listen to my music, you would know that, the music that I play. I hate being like everybody else. So, I decided that I'm giving Gus away.WATTERS: What?GUTFELD: Yes, I already posted it on Craig's List, and I've only got one person of interest and it's Barack Obama. It's weird. He just asked me how tender Gus was. And I just was disgusted by that question.PERINO: So, I guess you have to keep him.GUTFELD: Yes. There you go. Happy ending.WATTERS: Delicious.GUTFELD: So to speak.PERINO: I wanted you to take a look at a group of antisocial and introverted dogs. OK, so these are dogs that have social problems and they took them to a dog park altogether, and this is what happened.WATTERS: That is so funny.PERINO: I mean, they just all were like -- they just want to be with their owner. They don't want to interact with people. They just want to be left alone but together. Yes, I thought that was pretty funny.GUTFELD: That looks like any holiday at my house.PERINO: Everybody to their corners. Also, it's a very special day today. My sister, Angie, is celebrating a birthday. So, happy birthday, Angie!TARLOV: Happy birthday!PIRRO: Happy birthday, Angie!PERINO: And Judge.PIRRO: You know, it's interesting when you show those dogs, my dog Doodle, my latest -- my fourth rescue, she's in heat. And not only are my three poodles nuts but every dog in the neighborhood is at the gate. They're like where is Doodle?PERINO: It's like El Paso.PIRRO: Yes. Yes, indeed. We're going to knock this gate down. But anyway, it is time for --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Clueless.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Did they say clueless?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: I'll say it again. Clueless. Anyway, a woman in Australia was captured on surveillance video doing a full yoga flow before she allegedly broke into a bakery and committed a heist. See she's getting herself all straightened out and stretched out. The bakery said that she stole hot cross buns and croissants that must have smelled too good. There she is getting ready for the break-in, OK.What -- I mean, how much more time does she need on a camera before she breaks in?PERINO: That is so weird.TARLOV: Is that sped up?GUTFELD: I think that there's something more to this story perhaps. She might be on something that makes her hungry and act irrationally.PERINO: You know what? Jesse should play that clip for the drug dude tonight.WATTERS: Yes.GUTFELD: What are you going to do on the "INGRAHAM ANGLE?"WATTERS: We're talking about the housing crisis with Laura right off the top in her angle. That's what she calls her monolog.GUTFELD: That's fantastic.PIRRO: No, that's her show.TARLOV: Yes, well --WATTERS: Isn't the angle also is the monologue?(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Are you going to get to meet Raymond Arroyo?WATTERS: Oh, God, I hope so.GUTFELD: I know.PERINO: Well, everyone, that is a great show. And that is it for us. Have a great night, everybody! Hey, Bret!PIRRO: Bye!