NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, the campaign season ramping up and taxpayers now buckling up as President Biden is teeing up some more spending.Why Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg says it will keep the economy humming. He is here. And so is Donald Trump's former Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, remember him, who could be in the running, maybe, maybe, maybe for a new title, a bigger title.And we're on it, all of it.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto. Glad to have you with us.Let's go first to Grady Trimble at the White House on these fast-moving developments and the president's fast-moving plans to take advantage of what was a widely received and well-received State of the Union address.To you, my friend.GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: It was, Neil.At a time when many Americans are not happy with the president -- President Biden's handling of the economy, he used last night's address to try to change those perceptions, touting billions of dollars of student loan debt cancellation and unveiling plans for more social programs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We enacted tax credits of $800 per person per year, reduced health care costs for millions of working families.Restore that child tax credit. No child should go hungry in this country.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: I want to provide an annual tax credit that will give Americans $400 a month for the next two years as mortgage rates come down.(END VIDEO CLIP)TRIMBLE: The president and his administration make the case. Policies like those are good for lower- and middle-class Americans, building the economy from the bottom up and middle out, as the president likes to say frequently.But his critics in the GOP says these freebies are expensive. They argue spending on these types of programs have caused higher prices and higher interest rates that are making the American dream less attainable.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JODEY ARRINGTON (R-TX): He's doubling down. He's pouring gasoline on the fire of inflation. He's going to make our -- the quality of life and standard of living even worse.REP. JASON SMITH (R-MO): He talks about this tax credit to purchase a home. The reason why mortgage interest rates are the highest they have been in more than two decades is because of Biden's economic policies.(END VIDEO CLIP)TRIMBLE: If you're wondering how President Biden plans to pay for these programs, he wants to raise taxes, Neil, but he says only the wealthy and corporations will have to pay more.He's going to try to make his pitch to voters with two stops this weekend, campaign events in Pennsylvania -- that one starts in about an hour -- and tomorrow in Georgia -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, thank you very much for that, Grady Trimble.Mark Tepper with us right now, Strategic Wealth Partners president and CEO.We can always play politics with this stuff, Mark. When we look at Republicans, they're hardly saints when it comes to fiscal seriousness. So for them to start questioning the piling on of debt under this president versus the prior president versus the president before that guy, and on and on and on, does seem a little hypocritical.Having said that, though, whoever you cast your lot with, they're casting a lot more money. Does that concern you? Should it concern the markets? Very,MARK TEPPER, STRATEGIC WEALTH PARTNERS: very concerning.I mean, look, we are on an unsustainable fiscal path right now. And all we continue to do is just stick it to future generations. I mean, Neil, we're $34 trillion in debt. We're actually running an additional deficit of a trillion dollars every 100 days.I mean, to your point, we haven't run a budget surplus since 2001. So both sides of the aisle are to blame. But I will say that, I mean, it is unprecedented to run a 6 percent of GDP deficit with the unemployment rate under 4 percent.And I got to tell you, one of the things I heard yesterday out of President Biden is that he said we are the strongest economy in the world. And let me just put something in perspective. In the fourth quarter, GDP grew by about $330 billion. It cost us $830 billion in debt to pay for it. That is unsustainable.CAVUTO: The president made an interesting comment when talking and dealing with hecklers on this spending. This was from last night, Mark.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Thanks to our Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, 46,000 new projects have been announced all across your communities.And, by the way, I notice some of you who strongly voted against it are there cheering on that money coming in.(APPLAUSE)(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: I like it.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: I'm with you.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: I'm with you.And if any of you don't want that money in your district, just let me know.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: "Just let me know."Now, I think what he was referencing is, you don't want it, give it back to me. But it's not his to give back one way or the other. But it was an interesting little insight into the thinking in Washington that, whether you're a Republican or Democrat, I think would give you pause.TEPPER: Yes, yes.And I was just eating lunch a couple hours ago with my dad. And I was talking about why President Biden kept provoking and antagonizing the right and kind of poking the bear. But I got to tell you, with everything that we have seen from President Biden, obviously, Bidenomics is supposed to be growing from the bottom up and middle out.I mean, all he's really done, with all of his policies, is, he's grown the government from the top down while the middle class is bottoming out. It has been horrific for the middle class. It's been even worse if you're lower income, because inflation is the most regressive tax in the world. So these policies, they're just straight-up not working.CAVUTO: Well, I think the White House might make the argument about it is working in terms of the job gains we have seen.We saw a very, very big surge in them in the latest month, 275,000. They argue retail sales are looking better. More people are out there buying. I think you have mentioned in the past that a lot of them putting out on credit. That might be in fact the case, but they argue that, if they're doing so bad, you wouldn't see companies hiring the workers they are.So this is just a messaging issue. What do you think of that?TEPPER: Well, first of all, so the 275,000 jobs, great headline number, but these numbers are -- I will use a Biden term. They're malarkey, right?So, look, I mean, first things first, there's a lot of guesswork that goes into these numbers. They're not looking at actual table data.CAVUTO: Did you say that when these had...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Well, wait a minute, Mark. Did you say that -- I'm not an apologist of any way -- when these kind of numbers were popping up in the Trump administration?TEPPER: Yes.CAVUTO: They are what they are.TEPPER: Correct. That is true.CAVUTO: Yes.TEPPER: But what we have seen out of this administration is, I think nine out of the 12 months last year and two out of the first three months this year, they come out with a really excellent headline number.And then the next month, when no one's paying attention anymore, there's a steep downward revision. We just saw a downward revision of negative- 167,000. Beyond that, Neil, if you look at what happened last month, we lost 187,000 full-time jobs last month. All the job gains are coming from part-time jobs.So, from my standpoint, that is not truly indicative of a booming labor market right now. And that's probably part of the reason you saw the unemployment rate actually tick up to what's, I think, a two-year high at 3.9 percent.CAVUTO: I don't know, Mark. I respect the heck out of you. But if we had these exact same numbers and it was under Donald Trump, let's say he becomes president again, same numbers, I would hasten to add you might be reacting differently, maybe not, because you're a good sport and you take a look at the data.But I'd rather have jobs increasing than not. So that's all I'm saying, but final thoughts for you.TEPPER: Yes. Look, as would I. I mean, positive numbers are positive numbers. And maybe this part-time gig economy where you got an Uber or DoorDash or whatever it might be to make ends meet, maybe that's changed the game a little bit.Maybe the landscape has changed and it's not all that bad.(CROSSTALK)TEPPER: But when you're losing full-time jobs at the expense of part-time, I don't know. Not the best, in my opinion.CAVUTO: All right, we shall see, my friend. Very good seeing you again.TEPPER: Likewise.CAVUTO: Mark Tepper following all of this and the wealth effect or however you want to look at it.The markets, by the way, had their own sort of drill they were following. They were confused about whether tech had overrun its path. Bottom line, they were down collectively, but off the worst levels of the day.In the meantime, a lot of attention being played to how the administration is fanning out all the support it can get to crow about what we're seeing, all of this, though, with the backdrop of some scary airline incidents.A good time to be talking to the U.S. transportation secretary. Pete Buttigieg is here.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, you are looking live at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the Philadelphia area, I should say.The president is going to a number of events there. And since his State of the Union to address, both he and many of his biggest Cabinet stars have been fanning around the country to try to get the good word out that things are looking better.The president widely praised last night for a pretty strong State of the Union speech, the one that was considered -- I think feisty was a word I heard a great deal about.Anyway, the transportation secretary of the United States is one of those stars out on the hustings here talking the good talk, Pete Buttigieg.Secretary, good to have you.PETE BUTTIGIEG, U.S. TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: Same here. Thanks for having me.CAVUTO: Sure.Secretary, let me ask you a little bit about the president's view. He says the economy is in better shape. But, unfortunately it's not in the shape that a lot of people seem to agree. In other words, he is crowing about an economy they don't see why he's crowing about. What do you make of it?BUTTIGIEG: Well, look, I think a lot of energy out there is going into talking down the economy.The president's job is to point out what's going right and, just as importantly, what we're seeking to do for the future to continue lowering costs and growing the economy. The numbers obviously are remarkable, all- time record high in terms of job creation under one president, lowest unemployment, certainly the longest it's been below 4 percent since before I was born, all-time record high on the stock market too.But not every American is the median American. And just because I can point to statistics saying that, on average, wages have gone up faster than prices doesn't mean every single American is seeing that at home. And that's part of why you're going to continue to see a relentless focus on lowering those everyday costs.The president adamant about the $35 cap on insulin, which he was able to get for seniors. He could get it for the entire country if just a handful of congressional Republicans would cooperate. He renewed that call last night, in addition to issuing his call for there be an out-of-pocket cap on prescription drugs.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: I'm sorry, sir.But wouldn't they need more immediate help with things like the grocery store and getting cheaper cereal prices, cheaper -- a host of prices? Because that's where people are feeling the pain. And this is welcome news, like you say, on prescription and related drugs, but they're hurting, right, every day they go to the supermarket.BUTTIGIEG: Well, look, inflation is down. Eggs are cheaper than they were a year ago. So are airline tickets and a lot of things in between.But, look, we know there's more work to do in the fight against inflation. The whole world faced enormous inflation after COVID, although the U.S. has the lowest rate of inflation of any of the G7 countries. And I believe that has a lot to do with the president's leadership.But nobody's spiking the ball. Nobody's saying our work is done.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Wait, wait, wait. You don't think it has a lot more to do with the Federal Reserve hiking interest rates and really bringing that under control?BUTTIGIEG: You know, we're not -- yes, we're not the only country with central banking and monetary policy.CAVUTO: True. Very true.BUTTIGIEG: What I would say is a lot of things, including, by the way -- and I know that we're just one piece of this, but I would say that the work we did to try to unstick supply chains played a role, because we know that shipping costs were one of the things that did put upward pressure on prices in the late part of 2021 and early 2022.So, look, my point is, there's a lot of credit to go around for the many good results that have happened, and yet we know there needs to be more. And the president laid out an agenda that's much more focused on, as he always likes to say, an economy that grows from the bottom up and the middle out.He believes strongly that a tax code where the tax rate paid by a billionaire or corporation being less than a firefighter just isn't right. He called on Congress to change that and is going to continue taking steps that I think would continue down the path of deficit reduction that he has achieved in his presidency, while growing the economy and trying to make everyday life just more affordable for people, partly by keeping prices under control and partly by growing wages.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Secretary, we have more debt than we did when he assumed office. The debt has grown under this president. By the way, it's grown under the last one, the one before him, one before him. So no one's making real progress here.BUTTIGIEG: Well, but, again, more meaningful deficit reduction than we have seen in quite a while.Yes, you're right., more work to be done, which is why he put out a real -- look, you're never supposed to even use the T-word, tax, in an address, but he pointed out a way to do it that would not touch anybody making less than $400,000 a year, which is something that most Americans, if not most members of Congress, support.CAVUTO: Well, that's not necessarily brave to talk about going after billionaires and corporations.I think the issue, though, gets back to, why can't we just control spending, right?BUTTIGIEG: Well, yes, but if it isn't, why won't want any congressional Republicans cooperate with him, right?CAVUTO: Well, no, you're quite right about that. But there's no cooperation on anything.BUTTIGIEG: I mean, look, the investments that we have done...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: There's no cooperation on anything, which brings me to my bigger point here, that, when you step back and say that things are improving and getting better -- and you're quite right, we're well off to our highest levels when inflation is running at about a 9 percent rate, now close to 3 percent.But the fact of the matter is, for a lot of people who buy general groceries and a lot of their everyday life items, they're still stuck and they think the administration is trying to say, you're imagining it. What do you tell them?BUTTIGIEG: Look, anybody who has been in a marriage or a relationship knows that you never approach somebody by saying that you're wrong to be feeling what you're feeling.Americans are having many different economic experiences, their family budgets, their personal economic situation. But what we are seeing is each passing month more and more encouraging news about inflation coming under control, but, just as importantly, wages going up.And for the first time in a long time, it's been true on a sustained basis that just about anybody who wants a job can get a job. Now, we're working to make sure those are good-paying jobs, especially the ones we're creating with infrastructure and manufacturing.CAVUTO: Right.BUTTIGIEG: We're really excited about these often six-figure jobs, whether you have got a college degree or not, that we're creating through the work on roads and bridges, the semiconductor manufacturing that the president has worked to bring back on our shores.We're by no means saying mission accomplished. What we're saying is we're proud of the progress we have made on the president's watch and pushing hard to make even more.CAVUTO: OK.I could go into that a little bit more, but, Secretary, I did want to talk, as you are the transportation secretary of the United States, we have had a number of scary airline incidents, this United Airlines flight that skidded off a Houston airport runway. You had another one that lost a wheel as it was taking off, earlier, of course, the Alaska Air flight where the door came off, could have been a lot -- serious had this happened much higher altitude.Do you think flying is safe today? A lot of people see these incidents, isolated though they are, but they are hearing them more frequently.BUTTIGIEG: It remains the case that flying is by far the safest way to travel in America, but that doesn't mean that we're satisfied with the way things are.It's going to take a lot of work to keep it that way. It's why the FAA has conducted a deep dive into practices at Boeing, met with senior officials, pointed out a number of concerns around their quality control, and gave them 90 days to put forward a comprehensive plan on how to get a handle on that, and will not permit Boeing to increase their production rate until they demonstrate that to the FAA's satisfaction.Safety is not a destination. It's a journey. And maintaining the remarkable civilizational achievement that flying in a tube through the air at nearly the speed of sound is by far the safest way to travel in America is not something that can happen if we ever rest, which is why we're going to continue pushing, whether it's on Boeing, whether it's on our own work, funding the FAA properly to move into the future.But not just the secretary of transportation, but, as a frequent flier who gets on an airline every few days, I see the extraordinary work that goes into that safety record. And, by the way, I only wish that we could have a comparable safety standard when it comes to roadway safety, where we lose more than 100 Americans a day.We're finally seeing those rates start to move in the right direction, but still a ton of work to do there as well.CAVUTO: You mentioned Boeing, and the NTSB has been very critical of Boeing for its lack of cooperation in the 737 MAX 9 probe.Are you disappointed in Boeing?BUTTIGIEG: Definitely concerned about what we have seen.I have communicated that directly to the CEO of Boeing. And I think really the proof is going to be in how they respond. I think that they need to demonstrate better results and really need to demonstrate that they have achieved a culture that puts safety first.Production is important. Pace is important. Them being successful as a company is important, but none of that matters if you don't have 100 percent, 1000 percent assurances around safety.CAVUTO: Secretary, very good seeing you again. Thank you for taking the time.BUTTIGIEG: Same here. Thank you.CAVUTO: All right, Pete Buttigieg, the transportation secretary of the United States.All right, we're going to have Mike Pompeo joining us, of course, someone very, very interval in the last Trump administration. Some people are saying maybe in another Trump administration?After this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, President Biden says he has no regrets using the term illegal last night in his State of the Union address, but, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy, do many in his own party.The dust-up from within the Democratic Party with their leader -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Are you looking, for example, at Nikki Haley?FMR. SEN. JOE LIEBERMAN (I-CT): Well, Nikki Haley is really -- I mean, I think if she had expressed interest in the No Labels nomination, there would have been a lot of support in our group, but she's chosen otherwise.CAVUTO: Could Sinema, could the independent Arizona Senator, former Democrat, who opted out of running again for that office -- have you talked to her about maybe a bigger office?LIEBERMAN: She's not interested. But I look forward to coming on the show when I can tell you the names, but we're not going to be a long way from that. We're ready to go...CAVUTO: All right.LIEBERMAN: ... if the delegates authorize today. And that will happen, in my guess, the next couple of weeks.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, the co-chair of No Labels saying, no kidding, we are very serious about launching a third-party group to go ahead and challenge what would be a repeat of the last election.Bryan Llenas has been toiling away right now in Palm Beach, Florida, with the latest on this startling development -- Bryan.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Well there was a great interview with Joe Lieberman, who just refused to tell you anything about those candidates, try as you did.But, anyway, 800 no-labels delegates met virtually today and nearly unanimously voted to move forward with their bipartisan presidential unity ticket. Now, they're going to compete in November. That's what they're saying. And the party says they're going to begin the process of choosing who will be their president and vice presidential picks.The No Labels chair writing this -- quote -- "It was apparent that the citizens believe this is a just cause and that No Labels should provide Americans with the additional choice that they so clearly want."And it's not just No Labels getting out, trying to get in the way of the Trump-Biden rematch. So too is independent presidential candidate RFK Jr., who pitched himself to voters in his own State of the Union address last night.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Our nation seems more divided than ever, but Americans everywhere want to heal that divide. Our nation has become artificially divided by political forces that can survive only when we the people are at war with each other.People are tired of being manipulated by fear.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: Former President Trump and President Biden will host dueling campaign rallies tomorrow in Georgia a week after they both held dueling stops at the southern border.President Biden's campaign says this is all part of a big campaign push in battleground states post his State of the Union address. And Trump's Georgia visit comes as the Fulton County DA Fani Willis court drama continues and as Trump ramps up his attacks on Biden for his age and mental acuity.Trump reacting to Biden's State of the Union speech last night, telling FOX Digital -- quote -- "He was angry, mentally disturbed and misrepresenting a lot of the facts concerning almost every subject he discussed."Two big questions facing the Trump campaign now, Neil, one, all about how he's going to afford the legal battles, as well as what's expected to be the most expensive general election ever. He just posted a $92 million dollar bond while he appeals the $83 million judgment that was awarded to author E. Jean Carroll.And then the other question is, who will be his vice presidential pick, Neil?CAVUTO: Indeed.Thank you, my friend. Great reporting, as always.Bryan Llenas in Florida toiling away there.We have got the -- Mike Pompeo, the former secretary of state, former CIA director, FOX News contributor, joining us now. Always enjoy having him on, as much for his service to this country as just the fact that, well, he's an Italian-American. And we like to see that continue.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Secretary, great to see you.MIKE POMPEO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: Let me ask you a little bit about this No Labels thing. I know you like to eschew politics and all of that, but obviously the entrant of a third candidate or third candidate team, if you will, complicates the picture here.But Joe Lieberman says it's on and they are going to get on all the state ballots, even if they don't have candidates yet for those state ballots. But what do you make of it?POMPEO: Well, look, in the end, the political party system we have had for a long time has put every president into office for decades. I suspect this won't be any different.One of the reasons I suspect they're having trouble getting folks to step forward is because it's not likely to be a successful outcome at either getting the presidency or, frankly, reshaping how Americans are thinking about the political process. And so, in the end, you can't win with nothing, Neil. You have got to have a candidate. It sounds like they don't have one yet.And I suspect it will be President Trump or President Biden that is ultimately elected.CAVUTO: There's more focus this time than even there was back in 2016 when Donald Trump first ran and won for the presidency on who he picks to be with him. Your name does come up. Are you interested in that?POMPEO: I mean, look, it's flattering that my name comes up, that I had a chance to serve for four years, and didn't completely blow it. So people still think, hey, it might be possible he'd get another swing.(LAUGHTER)POMPEO: I don't often comment on jobs I have not been offered.But, Neil, you have known me long enough to know that if I get a chance to serve and think that I can make a difference, I'm almost certainly going to say yes to that opportunity to try and deliver on behalf of the American people.CAVUTO: Do you think it would be different in a second Trump administration, that is returning to the Oval Office, recruiting people?He had had sometimes some difficulty with early picks for secretary of state, defense, et cetera, you know that far better than I, and that he might be scaring off people who would otherwise be honored to be part of a White House senior staff and Cabinet.POMPEO: You know, Neil, there were folks who didn't want to serve in the last Trump administration too, or folks who came in and then punched their ticket and went on and left pretty quickly.I'm confident that, when President Trump is ultimately successful and is back in the White House in January, that he will be able to field an incredibly capable group of people who are patriots working to deliver on the things he promised the American people he would deliver on, the border, on national security, to get the economy backtracking.I'm confident he will find a good group of men and women who will want to serve in that way.CAVUTO: You know, he demands, we're told, intense loyalty, that the one reason why I think he had some of the mistakes that he had in some hires were that they were not loyal.What do you make of that?POMPEO: Oh, goodness, I think every administration wants to have people that are delivering against what they said they would do. So call it what you might, call it loyalty, call it mission-focused. That's how I thought about it.I was laser-focused every day on, whether I was at the CIA or State Department, trying to say, what is it the president told the American people we do, what's the ask, and how do we execute that? How do you actually implement that as a practitioner, not someone who's out giving speeches or pontificating in a classroom?We had to actually get it done. I'm confident President Trump will be looking for people who will faithfully execute what it is he asks them to do. I think, as a president, you should always want that from everyone. I must say, as secretary of state, I certainly wanted my team to do what I was asking them to do and was enormously frustrated when I found that I couldn't get them to do that.CAVUTO: Your take on -- Donald Trump has raised some eyebrows, particularly in Europe, with his criticism of NATO and those countries that don't pay up. It might have been exaggeration, but even offered in one speech for Russia to go ahead and invade that country that doesn't keep a minimum of 2 percent for defense.What do you make of that and whether a Trump administration, if it were to return, would even be loyal to NATO?POMPEO: Neil, I think the best predictor of future performance -- it's kind of a financial idea, right -- is past performance. It's not always indicative, but it often tells you a lot about at least the ideas that will animate how someone invests or in the case of a president how they will deliver.And I look at what we did for those four years. We made a lot of European countries uncomfortable and as a result of that they did the right thing, what they should have done without being made uncomfortable, I think Secretary-General Stoltenberg, the general secretary of NATO still to this day, would say that some $400 billion flowed into NATO's defense operations because of what President Trump and our team did.I have every expectation that the fact that it was the Javelin missiles that the Trump administration provided to Ukraine that actually saved Kyiv in the moment. I'm confident that the next Trump administration will do the right thing for America and NATO will be a central part of that. And I hope the Europeans will take up their responsibility and do it well and do it right.I think President Trump will ask for that too.CAVUTO: Do you think he will be as keen on being supportive of Ukraine?POMPEO: You know, what we always had in mind was make sure we get it right for America, right?CAVUTO: Right.POMPEO: It got shorthanded as America first.When we did that well, when we did the things that mattered to America, it was often the case that, while we didn't send a lot of American troops to far-off places to risk their lives, we often found the American power tool, right, the capacity to deliver American economic power, the capacity to get trade rules right.Those things were really good for these countries. And I'm confident that the things that we did for Ukraine in those four years would continue under a Trump administration in the second term as well.CAVUTO: Secretary, always good seeing you. Thank you very much.POMPEO: Thank you, Neil. Bless you. Have a good day, sir.CAVUTO: You too.We always go back and forth, and some people are at loggerheads, in this divisive, polarizing era, who's going to be our next president? Who's going to be on -- always worried about, who's our next president?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: That's a quote.(SHOUTING)(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Now maybe the focus -- maybe now the focus should be not on maybe who the next president is and who our leaders are and frustration with that, but maybe focusing on a higher authority still.Lauren Green after this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Not really.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Laken Riley.BIDEN: I...Oh, you don't like that bill, huh? That conservatives got together and said it was a good bill? I'll be darned.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: I have been really looking forward to do this interview with my buddy Lauren Green.Besides just being a wonderful person, Lauren, like me, we're one of the FOX originals, right, when FOX News started in 1996. We were in the beginning.LAUREN GREEN, FOX NEWS CHIEF RELIGION CORRESPONDENT: Yes, right, 1996, yes.CAVUTO: And look at us now. There we go.GREEN: Wow.CAVUTO: Right?GREEN: Amazing. You haven't aged a bit.CAVUTO: Yes, I was just saying that. I was waiting. Ba-dum-bum.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: But, anyway, one thing is great, as our religion editor and so much more, "Light for Today: 365 Daily Devotions from the Lighthouse."Lauren practices what she preaches and relays what may be some famous biblical passages, the Old and New Testament over the thousands of years have been preaching. And that is to just step back from this craziness, right?GREEN: Oh, absolutely.I mean, I think the one thing that's really important I learned is that, of course, you can't put God in a box. We like in this modern day to say, God, you can have control over this part of my life, but not this part of my life.CAVUTO: Right.GREEN: And that's not the way God works. God works...CAVUTO: A lot of people don't even want God now.GREEN: Well, exactly. I mean...CAVUTO: I mean, look at this craziness on Capitol Hill and all.GREEN: Well, this is very interesting. It's very interesting, because a lot of the polls out and the religious polls that you see in Pew and other places, they want to talk about how many people believe in God.And I think it's around 70 percent say -- that's not even the issue. The devil believes in God.CAVUTO: Yes.GREEN: I mean, it's really, what are you worshiping? And that becomes the core of what is causing the divisiveness. What are you really worshiping? Are you worshiping God or your identity, your identity politics, your gender identity, your tribal identity?Anything you put before God becomes a false idol and becomes -- and what we don't realize is, sometimes, we have these identities that become our fundamental trust, the thing that really believe that this is going -- the thing -- this is the thing that is going to save me. This is the source of my salvation.If it's not the living God, then this is what devolves into a lot of divisiveness.CAVUTO: Well, I do think, as we have lost sense of that, Lauren -- and you and I have talked about this.GREEN: Oh, yes.CAVUTO: It's no mystery. We lose a lot of other things.But one thing I have always known and loved about you from the very first time we met, you always seem so calm.GREEN: Really?CAVUTO: Yes.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: So you're clearly not Italian.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: But I just say, how did she stay so calm?GREEN: I am content.CAVUTO: All right.GREEN: I think that's what...CAVUTO: That's the whole concert pianist thing, right?GREEN: Well, that's part of it.But I do think that reading Scripture every day, listening to sermons, reading devotionals, other than mine -- I do read other devotionals -- has created a sort of contentment.CAVUTO: Yes.But you picked all of these out, a devotion for each day?GREEN: Yes.CAVUTO: So the ones that caught you and you elaborate on them a little bit.GREEN: Well, these are actually thoughts for the day I began writing after my first book, "Lighthouse Faith."CAVUTO: Yes.And I just amassed about 450 of these thoughts for the day. And then that turned into the devotional, because God works in the natural. God works in the every day. He created it, soul, mind, body.CAVUTO: Yes.GREEN: He has dominion over all of it. And we should probably go to him in all those areas.CAVUTO: In other words, you were on a higher place. See, I'm thinking like, boy, these tech stocks overrun their -- overrun themselves.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: You think of more important things.GREEN: Well, you know what?CAVUTO: But we are such an obsessed society on all this other stuff, the parties that don't talk to each other. I get even e-mail, it might surprise you, Lauren, from born-again Christians who really say very nasty things to me and make me feel vulnerable.GREEN: Right.CAVUTO: But not across the board. But I'm just saying, that's the vernacular these days.GREEN: Well, this is hard, because it's one of the -- and I hate to say this to the head of business channel here, but it's all God's money.CAVUTO: Yes.GREEN: And that's I guess -- I think that -- when you start thinking in terms of that way...CAVUTO: But he doesn't want it back, does he? Or...GREEN: Well, he wants a portion of it back, you know?CAVUTO: Yes. No, I hear you.GREEN: But it's not for his sake. It's for our sake.When God asks you a question, it's not for information. It's really to open...CAVUTO: He knows the answer.GREEN: He knows the answer.CAVUTO: Yes.GREEN: It's for us to actually start understanding our own hearts.CAVUTO: If you had a message for people who just, they're under pressure, they got these higher prices, they're dealing with this, they feel forsaken, some of them see tragedy almost on a daily basis, wars that don't end, and they say, where's God? Where's God?What does Lauren say?GREEN: God is always here. The problem is, is that we -- like I say, we want to put God in a box.We have not gone to him for all of our troubles and all our pains. And some of them are self-inflicted, actually.CAVUTO: Yes, they are.GREEN: So we have to understand what is self-inflicted, what God has allowed us to actually suffer through in order to change our hearts.C.S. Lewis talks about God gets us. Pain is like the foghorn or the bullhorn for us in God getting us, getting our attention. I would say, read Scripture, pray, understand that God is here. His love is as close as the air we breathe.In him, we move and have our being. This is not a God who is distant. This is a God who is right present with us right now, every day, 24/7.CAVUTO: That is beautiful."Light for Today: 365 Daily Devotions from the Lighthouse." And she walks her talk and her preaching, because she doesn't preach. She just talks.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: She makes you feel really guilty because you don't feel the same way and you don't act the same way.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: And big star and all that.Anyway, we will have more after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Lincoln (sic) Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): He should have said undocumented, but I -- that's not a big thing, OK?REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): He should have used the word undocumented. I don't believe that the president's heart is with the word illegal.QUESTION: Do you regret using the word illegal to describe immigrants last night, sir?BIDEN: Well, not -- I don't regret -- technically, not supposed to be here.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: I think the president said it best right there. They're technically not supposed to be here. But they are, by the millions.Mark Dannels is the Cochise County, Arizona, sheriff.Sheriff, great seeing you.I couldn't believe, Sheriff...MARK DANNELS, COCHISE COUNTY, ARIZONA, SHERIFF: You too, Neil.CAVUTO: ... how people had such a major dust-up over this, illegal, undocumented. You're not supposed to be here. That's what it comes down to. What did you make of the hissy fit over it?DANNELS: Well, it's sad. It shows you how deep politics are, Neil.Ask the Riley family. Ask Lakely's (sic) mom and dad and family if they care about the word illegal or technically not supposed to be here. She's not with us because, under the leadership of President Biden and his policies, it's sad, it is, that we're fighting over the words, instead of the reality of a young inspiring American that died.CAVUTO: So, where do we go now, Sheriff?I mean, the president was bemoaning, Republicans are pulling the rug out from under even fellow Republicans who have this bipartisan border deal. It's a moot point now. It's not happening. He was hinting at taking actions on his own. Apparently, that's been shelved.So where do we stand now?DANNELS: Well, we have seen, for a last 3.5 years, Neil, there's been no political will. There's been no political action.All we have seen over the last 3.5 years is political blame between Congress all the way up to the White House with this president. And what I didn't see last night, I think it was really important, and I say that sums it all up with what you're asking me is, I saw no responsibility from the president and I saw no apology from the president.It's got to start there. We're at a point of this crisis that there's been so much tragedy, whether it's fentanyl poisoning, whether it's crime, whether it's death as a result of this open border. Somebody's got to take some responsibility. I would love to see an apology from somebody in Washington, D.C., to include the president.CAVUTO: Well, for the president, his knee-jerk and more emotional immediate response was to use the term illegal. And I understand others in the party, Nancy Pelosi and these others, are saying, no, no, no, they're undocumented immigrants.But that has a sense -- the latter has a sense it's just a paperwork issue. But it's not a paperwork issue.DANNELS: No.And this is what's -- this is how far off we are on this, is the fact that when you come across the border without permission, you are breaking a federal law. That is illegal. And we have set aside Title 8. Last night, the president asked for funding. Give me the funding, and I can fix this.You have more than the funding, Neil. He has the power and he has the law behind him under Title 8 that says you come across the border illegally, you're automatically supposed to be expelled. They used that discretion. They set it aside. And that's why it's catch-and-release right here on the border. He has the power of the people.CAVUTO: Mark Dannels, always good seeing you, my friend. It's the same old issue and we don't make progress. But you and your men and women are trying to deal with that.The Cochise County, Arizona, sheriff on all of that.Our next step is recommending that maybe Jon Taffer should be put at the border to chase this craziness away, because, judging from his show and the new season, he's just the guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JON TAFFER, HOST, "BAR RESCUE": Are you going to share your drink? I think if we sit here until tomorrow morning you still won't have cocktails.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think you're right.TAFFER: And to put you through this and put them through it is just torture.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TAFFER: We're now about 45 minutes in. Food came out, but more drinks have gone in the trash than have crossed the bar.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We need to collect money from these guys too.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I haven't.TAFFER: This is a total failure.Folks, listen up. I think, if we sit here until tomorrow morning, you still won't have cocktails.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think you're right.TAFFER: And to put you through this and put them through it is just torture. This is about as bad as I have seen in "Bar Rescue." You have no skills and at this moment no chance of success! And let's get out of here so I can go to work.Good night!(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: You know, I'm thinking of myself, we have got to get Jon Taffer in with a session with Lauren Green.Anyway, the "Bar Rescue" host extraordinaire, love his show, just love him as a person, because you know exactly where you stand or, God forbid, don't stand, joins us right now.Jon, how you doing?TAFFER: Always good to see you, Neil. Just another day in the office for me, that shot.CAVUTO: That's -- oh, my gosh.How do they react? I mean, when those cameras go down and all that, are they like, whoa?TAFFER: You know what's amazing, Neil, is I try to trick them. I come a day early, I come a day late. They think I'm going to another bar.But if there's a 20 percent chance that Jon Taffer was going to come to your bar and put you on national television, don't you think you would clean it up?CAVUTO: That's a good point.TAFFER: They don't even do that, Neil.And it illustrates the fact that business owners that are failing, they don't see the cracks in the walls. They walk right by it. And when I was in a hotel business, I had general managers that walked right by that crack in the wall. Business owners that are failing are sometimes blinded by that failure.And, Neil, after the pandemic and all the beating up that the industry has been through, they're not seeing as well as they should, candidly.CAVUTO: Yes.TAFFER: And prices are higher. And I just read an article in The Wall Street Journal just the other day, selling a $15 hamburger in New York City, you still can't make money at $15.So, as an industry, we're not struggling to find customers as much as to find profitability. And that's a challenge.CAVUTO: And a lot of them mail it in, no matter the business.I mean, you seem to police that the most aggressively, if they have the passive issue or it comes to service or they take their sweet time getting food to customers or drinks. You don't let them get away with it.TAFFER: No, I don't.Think about this, Neil. A man 50 years old living in his parents' basement, he blew their retirement money. They have nothing. And they're about to lose their house. I show up at his business and he won't close the business. They have a few thousand left, and he's not going to stop until it's all gone.CAVUTO: Right.TAFFER: Now, when I show up, it's not about a bar. I'm trying to save their parents' house.So it's intense to me, Neil. And it's a big responsibility. So I go at him hard because I'm fighting for that house. And every failing business has a broken wallet and sometimes a broken family.CAVUTO: You know, Jon, I always wonder. And there's a lot we don't see, but are there some people you just can't help, don't listen to your help, and you just say, the hell with it, you're a lost cause?TAFFER: Yes. Unfortunately, that's the case.But nobody's a lost cause when there's a family at home, when there's a house on the line. So it's interesting, Neil. When I don't like the owner, when I say, this guy's a jerk, I don't even want to help him, I think of the employees. Well, I'd like to help them. I think of the wife at home. I'd like to help her. I think of the family.So, there's always somebody to fight for in "Bar Rescue," even if it isn't the owner.CAVUTO: So when you're in contract negotiations and the show's a hit, are they afraid of you? Whatever you want, Jon, whatever you want. It's OK.(LAUGHTER)TAFFER: You know, it's funny. In negotiations, I remember saying a few years ago, you book me because I'm a lion, and then you don't like it when I roar.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: You know, that's a very good point. That's a very -- but they let you do what you do because what you do is very popular, and people love it, right?TAFFER: Yes.Neil, at the end of the show, I get that hug. And we're wearing microphones in our chests, so people don't hear what's said to me. But, Neil, they tell me, I changed their lives. They're talking to their wives again. They feel they got their future back.CAVUTO: Beautiful.TAFFER: I'm the father they never had.The things they say to me when I hear that hug. And then I realize the ones that fight with me the most, Neil, are the ones that give me the biggest hugs in the end.CAVUTO: That's beautiful.TAFFER: So it makes me fight even harder next time.CAVUTO: Beautiful, beautiful. I get words whispered too. They're not repeatable.Jon, thank you.THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.