NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, you heard him, you witnessed it, and it was bedlam for a while, almost six hours of testimony from the special counsel Robert Hur on why he opted to take the route he did in not prosecuting President Biden, but making note of his age and the fact that a jury would find that sympathetic.Robert F. Kennedy Jr., witnessing a good deal of this, he gets back to the notion as an independent candidate for president of the United States that this is part of the problem, these guys, the two presidential candidates right now, a repeat of the last race, are the problem.Kind enough to join us.Robert, good to see you.ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Good to see you again, Neil. Thanks for having me back.CAVUTO: Same here.Let me ask you a little bit about what you made of this back-and-forth on Robert Hur and more particularly his issue -- he didn`t take a prosecutorial issue with the president because of his age, because of his memory problems, significant memory problems.What did you think of that?KENNEDY: Well, I haven`t read the transcripts, but the issues that he pointed out, that President Biden couldn`t remember specific things that you would think he`d remember when he was vice president under the dates when he was vice president under President Obama -- I mean -- under President Obama -- the date of his son`s death and a number of other things, are worrying.I think that it`s important for President Biden to do what he did the other night, which is actually to come out in public, but, more importantly, to have unscripted debates, unscripted encounters with voters, to engage in the debate, which Americans expect from a presidential candidate, and to show -- this is a job, Neil, that requires a lot of nuance, of complexity of mind, of acuity, mental acuity.And we want to -- we have a right to assurances that the person who`s in charge of taking that phone call at 3:00 in the morning, when all of our children`s lives are at stake, that they`re going to make good judgments and the best decisions and that they`re going to be -- they`re going to be on their toes.So I think it`s important for him to persuade the American public, to show the American public he can do that, particularly after these kind of questions have been officially raised, not only by the prosecutor, but also the -- the mainstream media is now talking about some of these issues.CAVUTO: Yes, whether he`s too old for the job.Now, you had said, and a lot of people who liked the president said that he brought his A-game to the State of the Union address. You did not agree. You had said that it was a hyperpartisan speech. You`re similarly not a huge fan of Donald Trump`s.And it looks like those two guys are not keen on debating each other. Might happen, but it doesn`t look like it will. What do you think of all of that?KENNEDY: Well, I think we`re living at a time when the two least popular mainstream or -- mainstream party candidates in the history of our country are running. Both of them would actually win the prize for the least popular candidate in history of a major political party.Oh, 80 percent of the public says that they don`t want the -- a rematch of 2016. They want other choices. And now it`s a three-man race. As of today, I think both candidates will clinch their party`s nomination in the three primaries that are being held today, and it will be -- and we will be entering the general election.And I would hope that both of these candidates will debate. We should start talking about the issues that concern Americans, the chronic disease epidemic, the destruction of our soils, the forever wars that have...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Well, you have to get in on that debate. You have to get in on that debate.And as an independent candidate, you have gotten on a few more states now, last time I checked, New Hampshire, Utah, Hawaii, Nevada, very close to Georgia. I could go on and look at South Carolina, Alabama.But you need to get on a lot more state ballots, and there`s been talk that you`re going to become a libertarian. They`re interested in you. Any truth to that, that, thereby, that could get you on pretty much all the states.KENNEDY: We -- yes, we will be on all the state ballots. And we`re -- we have now launched -- today, actually, we`re starting -- launching a push to get us on all the ballots that are open today at this point within four to six weeks.And, as they open, we will have four to six weeks to get on each one. And we will make those deadlines.CAVUTO: All right, when you say you make those deadlines, then, you would be more than a spoiler, right? If you`re on all the state ballots, you have a real crack at it and more than just getting a spoiler role.But the traditional wisdom is you hurt President Biden more than you hurt Donald Trump. What do you say?KENNEDY: I mean, my intention is to hurt both of them.I`m getting -- right now, I`m beating both candidates and independent voters. And independents is the biggest part -- this is the first election in the history, Neil, where independents are the biggest voting bloc. So independents now represents 43 percent of American voters, self-identified independents.Republicans are only 27. democrats are only 27. And I`m beating both candidates in independents. I`m also beating them and by really dramatic margins, by 40 percent, among Americans who are under 35. In the battleground states I`m beating them under -- among Americans under 45.Those are -- I`m tied in a three-way tie for Hispanic votes, and that vote is increasing for me. I`m really winning in all of the major demographics, except -- with one exception, which is Baby Boomers. And we believe that we`re going to start making inroads with them soon.So I really -- I think we have a very good chance of winning in November.CAVUTO: That might be so. I haven`t seen some of these polls that show you competitive in that regard with these other two gentlemen. That could change, and, again, the more awareness you get -- you have obviously raised significant awareness, certainly more than people like Jill Stein and Cornel West making their own third-party runs up for the White House.I am curious. When you talked about the president`s State of the Union, you had a different vision for how you would see the state of the union, as a compelling reason to find an alternative to the same old, same old. What did you mean by that?KENNEDY: Well, I -- we published an address, a simultaneous address, my own vision of what the state of the union is and that we`re talking about the issues that the major political candidates are not talking about, the fact that we have a $34 trillion debt.In the last 100 days, the debt is going up by another trillion dollars. That`s unsustainable. We`re already spending the equivalent to our entire defense budget just on servicing that debt, just on paying the interest of that debt. Within five years, every -- half of every tax dollar collected will go towards servicing the debt and within 10 years it could be every tax dollar collected.And nobody`s talking about this. Nobody`s talking about the chronic disease epidemic. When my uncle was president, Neil, 6 percent of Americans had chronic disease. Today, 60 percent do. We have an entire generation that is now sick, the sickest generation in the sickest country in the history of the world. And nobody`s talking about it.We`re now paying more for treating diabetes than our entire defense budget. So, when I was a kid, a typical pediatrician would see one diabetes case in their entire career. Today, one out of every three kids who walk into their office is either diabetic or prediabetic, and no political candidate is talking about these things.Nobody`s talking about, how are we going to get our kids in houses? None of them can afford a house.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: No, no, you raise a lot of very valid points. And that does generate interest and a lot of attention to you.But you mentioned your uncle. You were obviously referring to President John F. Kennedy. Of course, your dad tried to run for president, was cruelly cut down in the middle of all of that.But what do you think your dad would say of you and your uncle Jack would say of you running away from the party that -- for which they were iconic symbols?KENNEDY: Yes, I mean, my father and uncle -- my father specifically said on many occasions, including directly to me: "I don`t vote for the candidate -- I don`t vote for the party. I vote for the individual."They understood the dangers that George Washington warned about of partisan politics, that partisan self-interest would subsume and replace and displace patriotism and patriotic impulses. If you go down...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But do you think your dad ever knew -- but do you think your dad knew that you would be leaving the Democratic Party? I mean, you`re an iconic family.KENNEDY: I don`t think my father -- I don`t think my father -- I don`t think my father would care about that kind -- party loyalty was irrelevant to him.CAVUTO: Well, that`s not what some of your family members say.KENNEDY: If you went down the issues -- well, right.If you went down the issues that my father believed in, that he felt strongly about, I would check every one of those boxes. The same with President Kennedy. Show me an issue that they felt strongly about and I don`t agree with them on.CAVUTO: All right.KENNEDY: So, I feel like I am representing the values of the Democratic Party.CAVUTO: OK.KENNEDY: And maybe the party has slipped away from its traditional values.CAVUTO: Real quickly, you mentioned Joe Biden.I`d be remiss if I didn`t mention something in the news concerning Donald Trump. He wants to pardon and thought it would be a good idea to pardon any of the January 6 rioters if elected. What do you think of that?KENNEDY: I would not comment on that. I -- that`s not -- that`s not something that I would comment on until I was president of the United States. I would take a look at those cases.CAVUTO: Would you do something like that? Would you ever consider something like that?KENNEDY: I would pardon people.I intend to use the pardon power, and I intend to use it very quickly in office. I`m going to pardon Julian Assange. I`m going to pardon Edward Snowden. I may pardon Ross Ulbricht if I find that his prosecution was -- that his sentence, his very lengthy sentence, was the result of making an example of him in order to punish Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.CAVUTO: But, meanwhile back to -- not to -- you wouldn`t extend that to those who rioted on January 6 and were imprisoned?KENNEDY: You know, I would look at individual cases.CAVUTO: OK.KENNEDY: I`m going to look at any individual case that people bring me.CAVUTO: All right, we will watch it very closely.Robert F. Kennedy Jr., very good catching up with you.We will see how everything`s go -- how everything goes, as he continues this widening independent bid for the presidency of the United States. Again, tonight is the night we should see Joe Biden and Donald Trump respectively kind of lock down their positions for a repeat of the last presidential race.