NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Congressman Tony Gonzales of Texas kind enough to join us right now.Congressman, you`re prepared for this. The president is ready to blame you, that is, Republicans in the aggregate, for shooting down the first bipartisan attempt to get some order at the border. You say?REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): Thank you for having me, Neil.I say the Senate could not pass that bill. So to blame someone on a bill that couldn`t even make it out of the Senate chambers is nonsense. I will also be very frank. I do not care what Joe Biden has to say. I have given up on Joe Biden.Joe Biden has lied to me for the last time. When I met with him in Uvalde, I pulled him aside, asked him very respectfully to speak with him on the border, on how we solve this together. He told me he would do that. He lied to my face. Nearly two years later, we have yet to have a conversation.Whatever the president says, whatever Joe Biden says tonight, his actions do not line up with that -- with those words.CAVUTO: All right, let`s say he does offer some actions, a little late in the eyes of many, and I`m sure including you, including dealing with this amnesty issue and, more to the point, those who seek asylum here.It might be just tinkering around the edges. We don`t know the details. We do know, besides criticizing you guys, Republicans, for not doing enough on this border security bill that just sort of fizzled, he`s doing this. What do you say?GONZALES: Neil, words mean nothing. It`s all about actions.And it`s all about showing up. When was the last time Joe Biden showed up to Castroville or Del Rio or Uvalde, for that example? I mean, he does not show up anymore. He -- his words mean nothing. It`s all about actions. And the actions of this administration are very clear.This open border is exactly what they want. They stripped away the Trump policies on day one. They blamed everything on Trump. They blamed everything on everybody else but their own administration. And I have given up on him. I think most of America has given up on him. It`s time for a new change. It`s time for a -- it`s time to have Donald J. Trump back in the White House to secure this border.CAVUTO: Let me ask you a little bit about the president`s approach tonight and Speaker Michael Johnson trying -- insisting and calling apparently you and your Republican colleagues to show some decorum. Don`t act up. Don`t shout "Liar" or any of this other stuff.How do you feel about that?GONZALES: You know, it`s a tough time in American politics right now. I think there used to be a time where we could come together and you could have your differences and you could kind of settle it the right way. It`s not that way anymore. It`s ugly. It`s nasty.There are no friends in Washington, only enemies. And so -- and I think the American public are tired of the noise. They`re tired of words. They want action. They demand action. And I think that`s one thing that House Republicans have to realize. Enough with the words. We need to come together.House Republicans have the majority in the House. It may be a small majority, but we have to start delivering wins, like we did when we passed the Laken Riley Act, and we got to keep pushing this administration to do their job. Never surrender, never give up.CAVUTO: Congressman, your Texas colleague Chip Roy was not among those who voted actually overwhelmingly for these measures to keep the government open a little bit longer than a day or a week or two at a time.Looks like it`s set to be approved and signed off on by the president. I don`t know what you thought of that. He was worried that it sets a continuing, repetitive type of pattern, where you limp along, you avoid a shutdown, you -- but the deficits and the debt pile up and that this was a mistake.A, were you for what was approved? And do you agree about his longer-term concerns?GONZALES: You know, Neil, I sit on the Appropriations Committee. And we -- the Appropriations Committee worked extremely hard to get the most conservative bills we possibly could out of that, out of the committee.And we defunded by the tunes of $977 million DOJ that`s been weaponized. We defunded $977 million out of EPA, which has once again been weaponized to attack energy, the energy industry. So, Republicans have to learn to win. They have to learn to take a win when you can get a win, even if it is a small win.And we also cannot leave our men and women in uniform, whether it`s the military, whether it`s the Border Patrol agents, whether it`s our law enforcement, on the sidelines without giving them the funding they needed. That`s why I voted for it.It`s -- we have to continue to fight for conservative wins and take a win when you get a win.CAVUTO: A lot of your colleagues don`t agree without when it comes to the speaker, that he could be dead man walking here. Do you agree with that?GONZALES: No, Mike Johnson has done a fantastic job. He`s a very conservative member. He thinks very highly of the institution. He fights tooth and nail for his principles.He`s never backed down. But let`s think about this. We have had shutdowns before. We have had sequestration before. And where has that gotten us? It`s gotten us to the $34 trillion in debt. So those things did not work. So don`t try the same play and expect a different result.You want to have the conversation about the outrageous spending? I`m in. I`m all in.CAVUTO: All right.GONZALES: Let`s sit down and have a real conversation, not fake outrage.CAVUTO: Congressman Gonzales, always good talking to you. Thank you, sir, very much.GONZALES: Thank you, Neil.