NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Want to go to Congressman Tony Gonzales, Republican from the state of Texas.Congressman, great to have you.Well, you have been advocating for this for some time: Mr. President, you have the power with a stroke of the pen to make some big changes.We don`t know the details on all those big changes, but the asylum thing could be a big start. What do you think?REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): Thank you for having me, Neil.And it`s almost as if President Biden had a senior moment and he forgot that he`s the president of the United States and he could secure this mortar with the stroke of a pen. I am encouraged to hear that they`re finally starting to entertain some ideas.And it`s long time that he get behind what President -- what Governor Abbott is doing here in Texas. Some of the things that I have been advocating for is to deport, deport, deport those people that do not qualify for asylum. You do that by surging immigration judges to the border and giving ICE the resources they need for these repatriation flights, not these endless off-sided facilities.You also raise the credible fear standards. These are some things the president can do today, and I hope they do it.CAVUTO: Now, one of the things that is still being debated, I don`t know if they will go this far, is to have these types of cases adjudicated in Mexico. In other words, that you stand and make your case in Mexico and not on the U.S. side of the border.It`s been just the opposite since Joe Biden became president. That would go a long way, but Mexico isn`t too keen on those ideas. What do you think?GONZALES: When I have met with the president of Mexico and had these discussions, they`re going, well, Tony, you all aren`t doing anything, so how are you going to make us do something? So how about you start by the United States acting first, and then maybe we will follow?So -- but the facts are, it worked previously. The remain-in-Mexico policy worked because Mexico was terrified of President Trump hitting them over the head with a big stick, right? And nobody is terrified of President Biden, other than maybe the stairs to the -- to Air Force One.And so I`m looking at it through the lens of, we need partners. How can we get our partners to work together in order to solve this problem? And, also, let`s talk about legal immigration. You want to come here and work? You want to come fill -- we know who you are. You don`t have access to voting. You don`t have access to social services.There is no discussion people that are trying to do it the right way, which so many Americans have had over the course of our history.CAVUTO: Democrats come right back at you, not you personally, Congressman, and they say, Republicans in general, we had a great crafted package. It wasn`t perfect, but it was something. If we had done that, coupled with what the president`s doing, we`d be off to the races.What do you say?GONZALES: That package failed because the number they agreed on was 5,000. The number that should have been agreed on should always be zero for illegal immigration.There should be no number that is acceptable. And there should be a discussion those that want to come and do it the right way. And you do that by...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But, Congressman, didn`t that package really -- but -- I`m sorry, sir, but didn`t that package really fail...GONZALES: Yes.CAVUTO: ... because Donald Trump didn`t want it?And many in your party -- I`m not saying you are, sir -- are scared stiff of the guy. You didn`t want to offend him. You didn`t want to tick him off. So that was why it died.GONZALES: Well, what if I told you, Neil, this is a lucrative topic and everybody wants to just mine it and nobody wants to solve it?That`s all fun and games. But what if you`re little old Eagle Pass or Uvalde or San Antonio or New York City or Boston or Denver or anywhere else in the country? I think Americans have had enough with the politics. And we`re not going to wait until a new president comes to solve it.Let`s solve it today. This is something that Congress...CAVUTO: But wasn`t that the chance that both parties had, sir, with this interim agreement? It wasn`t perfect, to your fine point.But the fact that Donald Trump didn`t like it, many in your party didn`t want to fight him. They`re scared of him, or he`s bedeviling them, or, I don`t know, he`s going to come back and do something horrible to -- I don`t know what it is. And that`s what blew it up.GONZALES: It fell apart.And I`m of the mind-set we have to do something today. House Republicans...CAVUTO: OK.GONZALES: ... should take a down payment on border security in `24 and we come back for the rest in `25.And I`m committed to not stopping until that happens. And I will work with anyone as long as it`s meaningful. It can`t just be window dressing. It can`t just be moving the problem around, meaningful. Deport people that aren`t here, surge immigration judges to the border, and get cases heard in days, not years.Give ICE the resources they need to get these planes sent back to their country of origin.CAVUTO: All right, there were a lot of good ideas right there.Congressman, thank you very much. Good seeing you again.GONZALES: Thanks, Neil.