SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: It made all of us stronger and tougher. I know not politically correct. Oh, well, that's your loss. It's all the time we have left. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is sitting down to put a smile on your face, next.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. Happy Thursday, everyone. Oh, pens. Let's get started. Former President, Bill Clinton has a memoir coming out this fall about his life after the White House. Needless to say, it's a pop-up book.The new report claims that Donald Trump's Spotify playlist includes Suspicious Minds by Elvis, Hello by Lionel Richie, November Rain by Guns N' Roses. Meanwhile, President Biden's playlist includes Knockin' On Heaven's Door, by Bob Dylan.According to a friend, Tiger Woods is saying no to sex during preparation for the Masters. No word yet if it'll be switching to blue balls. But not having sex in order to prepare for the Masters, apparently some people have been preparing for the Masters for eight years.New images at a healthcare event revealed visible markings from a CPAP machine on Biden's face. His staff point to this as proof that he's breathing. On Wednesday, Joe Rogan called The View, hey, rabies-infested hen house.The View responded saying (HEN SOUND). That's how a hen with rabies would sound. Thank you. No, it's okay. You don't have to clap. Thank you, Tyrus.A proposed law in California would ban your boss from regularly contacting you after work hours. And at least two people hope this law comes to New York. I just call you to tell you about my nightmares.GEORGE "TYRUS" MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: And movies.GUTFELD: Yes. Rumors about that British actress, Elizabeth Hurley once took Prince Harry's virginity. But there's little debate who took Prince Harry's (BEEP). The Biden Administration is spending $422,000 to treat diabetes with Native American healing circles. A Native American healing circle? So, that's what we're calling blackjack tables?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I love that one.GUTFELD: Today is National Tell a Lie Day. By the way, great job, Kat.TIMPF: Not nice.GUTFELD: And the President of Botswana is threatening Germany over a conservation dispute by sending over 20,000 elephants. The U.S. is showing their support, and will even send over five of their own.All right. Let's get started. Diversity, equity and inclusion, never in the field of human endeavor, have so few words done so much harm to so many. It's almost as bad as Brian Kilmeade's here. But DEI has done it again.Now, the Seattle Public Schools system is phasing out its highly capable cohort schools, designed for gifted students, who could skip the lessons designed for other kids their age, you know, nerds. But just when you thought Seattle couldn't get any dumber, it does something literally to do just that.And can you guess why? That's right. Because it's racist. You see those programs have too many students from the bad races. Last year, over 50 percent of the advanced students were white, 60 percent Asian, 3.4 percent Black.There just weren't enough Black, Latino, Indigenous Alaskan, Alaskan and Pacific Islander students. So, I guess, we could say goodbye to the NBA real soon, right. What's that? Oh, we don't use that type of insane reasoning when it's sports.What a strange demarcation. People say, don't do that with basketball, but let's do with less important stuff, you know, like education.So, the schools got canceled, like, it was hosted by Don Lemon. And why? Well, it's not about how smart these kids are. It's not about what's up here. It's what about what's on here.It's about what these kids look like when they're in a classroom together. It's about embarrassing their teachers and administrators just by being themselves. I don't know. But that sounds pretty racist to me.So, now instead of putting the brainiacs in their own class with their own teacher and curriculum, all those brats are being lumped together, and the teacher is expected to come up with different lesson plans for different levels.Okay, kids, today's vocabulary word is mediocrity. Does anyone here know what that means? Mediocrity is what happens when the people who run our country force us all to lower our standards, so the elites can pat themselves on the back for their atrocious beliefs.And that's what it's about. The continuing destruction caused by luxury beliefs, which are bad ideas that bestow status on the elites who hold them, while inflicting pain on everyone else who must endure them.You see it with climate activism, criminal justice, and now here, education. And enlightened progressive already has their college degrees, their houses with two electric cars, so they're immune from their own destruction. But, God help your kids.And so, in Seattle, the smart kids will be reading the Gutfeld Monologues. While in the same classroom, the slow kids will be reading, Get It Together by Jesse Watters.The kids who are already reading Shakespeare are stuck in the same room with the kids still eating burgers and paste. In my case, it was both.Glue tastes great. But now, I get to eat the whole horse. But today, helping kids of all races advanced at their own pace is now considered inequitable, and holding highly intelligent children back is now considered equitable.And yes, that includes Black kids. In fact, those who complained about shutting down these schools included Black parents. And guess, what the school Board VP reportedly told them. They were being tokenized by the White parents.She was probably in this low class, which is once against -- once again, it's mind-numbingly racist, but to the elites, it's -- it's as if Black parents don't have minds of their own. As if they don't have the same hopes and concerns about their children as everybody else.To one day, be like me, you know, rich enough to own a helicopter that can drop porta potties into Kilmeade's swimming pool. Not only are some of the smartest kids in school being punished for what they look like, but so are the smart kids, these DEI fanatics claim to be helping.Call me old-fashioned, but the only reason kids should be punished for what they look like is, if they're chubby. The smartest kid might be Black. But now, we're asked to sit next to the dumbest kid in school who might be White or Asian?Well, probably not Asian. When I was a kid, and we had a test coming up, everybody wanted to sit next to the Asian kid. It's the only reason George Takei had friends. But sadly, like it or not, these kids are learning what modern America is all about.It's not about living up to your potential as an individual, it's about what you look like as part of the herd. You're just part of the group, you have no control of, which is why I quit Menudo.And, of course, anybody who dares to question this, is racist, and that includes Black parents, who realize their gifted children are being punished. And they're exactly right. Finally, something every race can agree on, which is why, the idiots who make the rules, won't let us.Let's welcome tonight's guests. She's on the five, but she's definitely a 10, kudos to the vibe in America's newsroom, Dana Perino. He's frightened by unfamiliar sounds like applause; actor, writer and comedian, Jamie Lissow.She's a vibrant vixen with a voice deeper than Nixon; New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. He is immense, intense, and won't sit on the fence, get a little break; New York Times bestselling author and comedian, and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.Dana, you know what kills me about this whole thing? They would rather kill the program that admit their policies don't work.DANA PERINO, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: And it's weird because just this morning, we did a story on America's Newsroom about how Harvard is starting to reject the DEI programs.There's a professor who wrote a piece, it said, look at the applicants, the number of applicants from this year, it continues to go down by thousands, because people don't want to go there anymore, because it's become insane.So -- and corporate America also is starting to walk away from DEI. So that's -- it's weird that the elementary schools and junior highs of Seattle can't figure this out, that it's, like, it's a terrible thing. And every person has something special that they can do.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And I mean, I don't know what yours is.GUTFELD: Oh, I know.PERINO: But, I mean --GUTFELD: I did some films on it back in the 1980s --PERINO: In Germany.GUTFELD: -- in Germany. Yes.PERINO: Yeah, that was where a little bit weird. But it is --GUTFELD: I'm very flexible, Dana.PERINO: But when you have some -- if a kid isn't in the gifted program, and they're upset, but they might not be upset, you know, who's upset? The mom. Right? Like, because her kid didn't get answered. She had to make it bad for everybody. The other thing they don't have in Seattle, which they need, is school choice.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Because these parents are trapped in the situations.GUTFELD: Yes. Tyrus, I have to go to you next, because you have children, and they're up various different, you know --MURDOCH: Genetics. Yes.GUTFELD: Yes. Does this bother you? This must bother you.MURDOCH: No, because most of my kids are homeschooled for this reason. But as a former teacher, sometimes it can be a benefit to have a gifted kid sitting with kids that are behind because sometimes they will help them catch-up.And that happens next to never. What usually happens is, is you get the gifted kid to sit next to the other kids, and he starts emulating their behavior.GUTFELD: Right.MURDOCH: And so -- and then the ones who don't, get picked on, because if he has the Shakespeare book, and I have those scratch and sniff pop-out book --GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: -- I'm going to go out of my way to tease him to make myself feel better. So, everybody who has the regular books are going to go after him. And it doesn't stop in the classroom.Now, it stays on social media, it's got to follow him in the out with the - - out with the -- in the recess or whatever, they don't still have recess anymore. The problem is, is that, we just need to call it what it is.They -- every time you argue with them, there's a parent, like, I don't like this. Well, it's because you're racist, or you're sexist, or whatever, which means -- and that's what they've done all along. They play those cards so long.So, we're all saying in a common sense, and we're all arguing about it, so they can freely be racist, out in the open. It's that polite racism, hey, Black families, you're not good at making decisions. So, we're going to make it for you, because, well, you're black.So, don't worry about reading and writing, it won't get you through. And here's the deal. Guess what? Now, when you go work at the fast-food joint, we'll give you $20 an hour. So, they're just laying up and it's just a layup.So, it's racism, it's broad daylight, but the difference is, we're so busy arguing over every time, I disagree with Jamie, and if he's losing the argument, he'll say, you're a White supremacist, Tyrus, now, I'd be like, well, the argument's over. Meanwhile, the real ones are acting in broad daylight.GUTFELD: Yeah, you know, Jamie, your children are gifted, and that, you're finally out of their lives. They applauded that.TIMPF: And the crowd go --MURDOCH: Wild.GUTFELD: The crowd liked that.MURDOCH: You just scrapped --GUTFELD: Disgusting insult that I just directed at you.MURDOCH: Fatherless children, funny.GUTFELD: Yes.LISSOW: If that's the biggest response I get all night, I'm going to be upset. I have three children. This hits home.GUTFELD: Yes.LISSOW: And one of my teachers said to me, the other day was like some sort of event. She goes, do you have a favorite kid? Which I thought was like, such a bizarre question, which is, parents, you know, Tyrus will tell you, you have a favorite, and I'll just -- I'll just tell you who, it's my neighbor's kid.I am one of these, though. I'm on the low-end kid, like, I really was in school. I had trouble in school and I don't think it's good to try to keep everyone together. I was more of, like, instead of, like, no child left behind, I was, like, don't wait up.Like, it's frustrating. For real, it was, like, go ahead, like, they would take us to another place, and we learn to use, like, tool. I -- honestly, like, we would do different stuff. I did better in college. I think I approached things smarter in college.I would schedule my classes really early in the morning, and this way when I woke up at noon, I was done for the day.GUTFELD: I bet you still have --TIMPF: I mean, I liked it.GUTFELD: I bet you still have nightmares over college, don't you? Missing classes.LISSOW: I do have -- I do have nightmares. I was not -- and like, I -- but there are people -- we need people that, like, deliver pizzas, everyone has their own deliver pizzas clean pools, by the way, I'm not throwing shade.These are jobs that I have had, but I'm not saying, like, that's a menial job. I do find -- you'll do -- you'll notice that it is no coincidence that I did choose jobs that were -- the guy that gets laid in porno jobs.GUTFELD: Kat, I -- I would guess that you were probably in some gifted classes. Correct?TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: Yeah?TIMPF: I was always really good at school.GUTFELD: Yeah. I bet you were.TIMPF: Yeah. Yeah.GUTFELD: You were precocious.TIMPF: Yeah. I was, like, also in trouble a lot though, too. But I -- I -- this thing blows my mind, especially, I don't know about, especially but definitely, what the school is saying they're going to do instead, you're assuring parents and saying, they're going to have an individual lesson plan for each individual student, which sounds awesome.That would be way better. But it also says, there won't necessarily be any more teachers in the class.GUTFELD: Exactly.TIMPF: There will be a curriculum about how to go about this. Instructions about -- unless that curriculum is, like, how to clone yourself 32 times.I don't -- I don't understand how they can get away with saying that, and people actually, I mean, like, I know, we did like Dolly, the sheep, or whatever. But this seems a lot more advanced.And I don't know how that wasn't pushed more, like, okay, what are you really going to do? Because, based on how time works, you're not going to do that.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: So, there are going to be kids who are not going to be challenged, and other kids who aren't getting the attention that they need. It's almost as if they belong in separate classes.GUTFELD: It's crazy. And of course, it's -- it was an awful White lady behind this. A fluent White liberal --MURDOCH: Walking in broad daylight.GUTFELD: Exactly. And just so smart. Before we go, quick reminder, my favorite car, you can come see me on tour this summer. I'll be in Red Bank, New Jersey, Fort Lauderdale, Durham, North Carolina, Tom Sloot is going to be there too.Go to ggutfeld.com for tickets. Up next, a study's conclusion about gender confusion.(VIDEO PLAYING)If you'll be in the New York area with like tickets to see GUTFELD, go to foxnews.com/gutfeld, and click on the link to join our studio audience.Dwayne, The Rock Johnson, on Fox & Friends. The legend details, his return to the ring, and the future of his career. It's a can't miss interview tomorrow on Fox & Friends.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Turns out, the youth trans craze was just a silly phase. A landmark 15-year study is concluded and tells us what we already knew. Most gender-confused kids grow out of it.Dutch scientist from the University of Groningen Jen, home of the fighting clogs. Track more than 2,700 adolescences -- adolescents, from age 11 to their mid-20s, which is pretty impressive.I get tired after 12. But they checked in on them every three years gauging their quote, gender non-contentedness, by asking how often they think about wishing to be the opposite sex.In the beginning 11 percent of the kids had some level of unhappiness, but by the time they're 25, it was down to 4 percent, who were unhappy with their gender. They also found that girls were more likely to be unhappy than boys, there's f surprise, am I right?Oh, my god, I'm old, yeah, wow, I'm a scientist. Concluded the study authors, the results might help adolescents to realize that it is normal to have doubts about one's gender identity during this age period, and that this is also relatively common.True, even I had doubts about my own masculinity until I met this man. So, will a study out of the Netherlands finally make an impact here in America and save children for being forced into speedy dangerous hormone therapies and irreversible surgeries?I'm not holding my breath. Doctors just can't admit when they're wrong, like Dr. Siegel. I told him I could get that G.I. Joe out on my own.TIMPF: Oh, my God.GUTFELD: Yeah. Jamie, I heard your kids identify as someone else's kids.LISSOW: Wow, okay.MURDOCH: If it makes you feel better, it's me.GUTFELD: Is this a relief? Because, you know, as a parent, we know -- you know this is true, and it's the experts that were fully --LISSOW: That's right, Greg. I read this article last week, because I actually subscribed to the Journal of (BEEP). No kidding, this is what happened -- when I was -- when I -- my mom just told me recently that, when I was seven, I wanted to be a fire truck.GUTFELD: Yeah?LISSOW: That doesn't even make any sense.GUTFELD: Yeah, I know.LISSOW: She told me, when I was younger, she said, I will put on like, -- like, dresses and stuff, and dance with her, and like, you can't jump to conclusions and do something permanent, right.Like, I would put on dresses, spoiler alert, the one part they would have removed, ended up being my favorite body part.GUTFELD: Yeah.LISSOW: Do you know? Well, it's true. That's my rule of my family, though. Nothing permits till you're 18. My son just asked me, he wanted to get a tattoo, even that, I think, is too much, like, and this is so much more strict.He wants to get a Lord of the Rings tattoo on his forearm right here. And I go, I don't want to say too much, buddy, but I go, you're going to see that every single time you roll the dice, playing Dungeons & Dragons.GUTFELD: Yep.PERINO: You're a good dad.GUTFELD: Disgusting, Dana. I don't know what you're doing here. Kat, so they found that more girls weren't happy with their gender than boys. Is that just me? Because women are just more emotional. That's so obvious.TIMPF: Okay.GUTFELD: I answered the question for you.TIMPF: Thanks for sharing.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I don't know, with this, look, I think it's definitely a good thing for parents to be aware of. I think it's definitely a good thing for parents to talk about their kids, to talk about their doctors.I think, obviously, gender is such an emotional topic, such a personal topic. And I think when topics are like that, a good thing to do is, to take that part out of it. So, just take the gender part out of it for a second.You can just say, if there's something medical that can have potentially permanent side effects, risk of permanent loss of fertility, permanent loss of bone density, then that should be treated with the seriousness and gravity that it deserves.And it is something so personal, and something that just politics, should not be touching at all.GUTFELD: Yeah. Do no harm, as they say, in the Club that I belong to. Tyrus.MURDOCH: Greg.GUTFELD: The problem here is, it became a social contagion, right, its spread, social media conferred all this positive attention and made it fashionable. And so, you saw all these kids deciding, I'm this, I'm that, and it became cool.MURDOCH: I kind of disagree with you. It wasn't the kids deciding. I think that's what we need to look at closely.GUTFELD: Good point.MURDOCH: It's the parents deciding for the kids. It's the parents issues. It's like, for a while, it was like the new Munchausen Syndrome where --GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: -- every struggling actress all of a sudden had two trans children in their home or trans parents just happened to adopt two trans baby. There -- There aren't heterosexual kids. There aren't gay kids, or trans -- they're kids, they're piles of clay being molded.You can convince them that a chubby man in a red suit fits down a chimney, brings them gifts, eats their -- continues to eat sugary carbs, and go back up the chimney, and do it every year. And they'll believe you.And just when you think they couldn't be dumber, you then tell them that a bunny hops around and brings them eggs. To every point, you know how many bunnies it would take to do that?GUTFELD: Yeah, it makes no sense.MURDOCH: And they believe you.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: They even criticize you. I've read up several times where I keep hearing about how Santa Claus gives these great gifts. And I have to sit there and take it. I'm like, I can't wait till your 13, so that you'll get some real (BEEP) truth kid.So -- but that's the point. I myself and my family have dealt with it. One of -- one of my children has had literally 16 gender since this thing starts. They'll, like, call me up and say, I'm by, you still can't date till you're 20.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Okay, dad, two weeks later? Guess what? I'm a boy. Awesome, bro. Can't date till your 20. But, you don't say that, you know, and then it was, I'm going to live my life as a horse.And that was a tough conversation to let them know, no matter how hard they try, they would never be accepted in horse society, because horses are racist.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: So -- but we got through that. I didn't run her down to the vet. I mean, like, she needs a tail, a mouth bit, some ears, and can you brush her hair to the side, so it's like a mane. Can we -- can we take her fingers out and put some hooks on it? Because my little my -- little baby wants to be a horse.GUTFELD: My Little Pony.MURDOCH: Yeah. And then, all of a sudden, as soon as we get done, she'll be like, but dad, I wanted to be a goat. Back to the doctor's office? No, you let them work it out.GUTFELD: You know, Dana, again, this is kind of like a luxury belief that adults can deal with, but children need some kind of basic foundation when they're young, because they're dealing with all this stuff, learning how to -- learning how to communicate, how to read. To take away this foundation, it screws them up.PERINO: So, when I was a kid, I was thinking about this today. I wanted to be Cathy Rigby, a gymnast --GUTFELD: So did I.PERINO: -- a dancer on -- I wanted to be a dancer on solid gold.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: I wanted to be Pat Benatar.GUTFELD: Of course.PERINO: I never wanted to be a boy.GUTFELD: This has, like, never entered my mind. And then, you read all of this, and a friend of mine sends her -- is in New York City, sends her kid to a very fancy girl school, okay. It's a private school.And she told me that during Zoom school, during COVID, she was listening to like, wait, what are they doing? In order to address the class, I would have to say, Greg, he --GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: Okay. And then I could go on and say something. But they would put their gender on their Zoom call. And out of the 43 students on the Zoom call, 24 of them identified as nonbinary. It was nonsense. And so this study proves it.GUTFELD: There you go.All right, up next, a governor takes an ax to a runners' tax.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Bear with us on this stupid topic.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: They put a tariff on the marathon. Clever, huh? New York City was demanding roughly $750,000 from the organizers of the New York City Marathon to continue using one of its bridges. I know, it's boring, but we'll keep going. You remember the New York City Marathon. It's the only race where they load the starter's pistols with live ammo. The city says closing the bridge for runners cost nearly $1 million in lost toll revenue, not to mention all of the money spent hosing down the feces from thousands of runners crapping themselves. By the end of the race you've got more kids dropped off at the pool than a swim party are R. Kelly's.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I love how the wave of disgust moved through the audience.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: As much as I hate taxes, I love this idea. Marathoners come here every year and they shut down the tunnels, roads, and bridges. It's a hassle for everyone. For example, last year it took me forever just to get from Eighth street to Ninth street, and I had four men carrying me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But of course, once these emaciated elitists complained, the New York Governor Kathy Hochul ordered the city to stand down on this so-called cash grab. It's amazing how fast she can act when it's people she knows who are upset. If only she cared this much about the police officers or, hell, the citizens here who also spend a lot of time running in this city. But it's not for a sport. It's for their lives.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, you and I feel the same way about taxes, but we also feel the same way about marathons.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS ANALYST: The problem I had with the MTA's statement was they said New Yorkers love Marathon Sunday. No, we do not. Not a single one of us. And you know what, it's just so rude, too. And honestly, I don't care if I piss off marathon runners, because it's like you're better than me. That's fine. I'm fine with them being better than me. I would never do this. Whoever does this, you are better than me, you're stronger than me, you're in better shape than me, you're more dedicated than I am. The way you spend your weekend is more noble than the way I spent mind. That's fine.But the fact that they just, they're like, what's the big deal creating all this traffic for the people who live and work here all the time?GUTFELD: I hate it.TIMPF: It's like, no, we don't love it, actually. I've never heard a single New Yorker be like, it's Marathon Sunday, yay!GUTFELD: What are you doing? What are you going to do for the marathon?TIMPF: Oh, no. So again, they probably don't care because they are probably so happy.GUTFELD: Yes. I'm going to find a really tall watchtower.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I don't know what that means. Why are you looking at me that way?Dana, I had people text me, like, hey, are you going to be in town for the marathon? As if I would come cheer them on. You don't even know me if you think that.PERINO: Yes, they don't know you at all. If you went you would probably just flip them off the whole time.GUTFELD: I would throw thumbtacks on the ground.PERINO: There would be no "You go girl."GUTFELD: I hope you die, girl.(LAUGHTER)PERINO: A couple of thanks come to mind. In a second term Joe Biden might just decide to take this idea on because he was just paste an EZ-Pass to the migrants' foreheads, and as they come across the southern border that's how he is going to fund more E.V. credits.But I also think that we should be paying the marathon runners this money. Why? I looked it up. Obesity costs New York state $11.8 billion annually, and $4.3 billion of that comes from Medicaid. These people are not going to need any of that care, and so therefore they should get the money for running the marathon.GUTFELD: They're not from here, Dana.Jamie --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I don't have an insult for you. Go for it.JAMIE LISSOW, ACTOR/WRITER/COMEDIAN: Thanks for not insulting me. I did help carry you from Eighth to Ninth Street.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: You know what I hate more than marathon runners?GUTFELD: What?LISSOW: Half-marathon runners.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: I really do. My neighbor won't stop talking about it. He's like, I'm running this half-marathon. And I go -- then again that's pretty cool. I go, you found a goal and you're doing half of it.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: And he goes, aren't you going to say anything to pat me up? And I go, hey, congra -- that's all you get.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: That's all you get.GUTFELD: That's all you get.LISSOW: I'm saving the whole congratulations for someone that runs the whole thing.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Exactly. By the way, Tyrus, they -- themselves everywhere. They go -- it runs down their leg, Dana. It's like lemon being squeezed. It's disgusting.MURDOCH: How do you know this if you don't watch? Or do you?GUTFELD: I wrote for --MURDOCH: That's what the whole watchtower joke was. He sits in a watchtower with binoculars going, poop, there's another one. We've got six doing it. Mark them.GUTFELD: I used to write for a running magazine. It's disgusting.MURDOCH: Yes, and all your stories were like, no matter what the race, the guy who should win is the guy who pooped first.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Listen, I agree with Dana. They should be -- the marathon is about being the ultimate of being healthy. Take the tariffs and put it on cakes and pies and sweets and 32-ounce sodas. The money is there.GUTFELD: You people make me sick.MURDOCH: I think that would be better.GUTFELD: Both of you make me sick.TIMPF: They should have marathon in Staten Island.GUTFELD: Yes, they should have it in a basement.TIMPF: Over and over and over.GUTFELD: Let's run 27 miles in this city, that's easy. Do it in a fricking basement. Run around.TIMPF: In a circle.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Yes. The location of it doesn't have to be everywhere.GUTFELD: Yes, it doesn't have to be everywhere. Do 27 miles in a fricking basement. I'll watch the hell out of that.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, why a little piggy's name brings a little shame. You know, somebody did that.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Ozem-pig mascot, cute or cruel? Tyrus, a minor league baseball team called the St. Paul Saints sifted through 2,000 fan submitted names, and for their pig mascot, settled on Ozem-pig. Some people found it mean- spirited and gross. What say you?MURDOCH: -- you. It's funny.GUTFELD: It is funny.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's very funny.TIMPF: Yes. And also worth noting here, this pig, look, he's not even fat. His waste is like low key kind of snatched, actually.MURDOCH: He's not just a representative. He's a member.TIMPF: Being compared to that pig is not really an insult.GUTFELD: He is adorable. Pigs are so cute. And I love bacon, and I feel bad when I eat bacon for a little bit, just a little bit I feel bad.Dana, let's talk about the fact that everyone we know in the media is on Ozempic but us.PERINO: I know. I know. That's one thing I was thinking about with this. It's perfect for the minor league, right, because in the major leagues everyone else like us, we're still trying to starve ourselves and become exercise addicts. And they needed some sort of humor to get them to go to the minor league game. I do feel that there is a weird thing when you look -- I also heard that all these members of Congress are on it.GUTFELD: Oh, yes, that explains it. "It" being I don't know. But it explains it. Did you ever notice that, people never tell you what it is?Jamie, Ozempic is a wonder drug, but I feel like it's being used on the wrong people. We should be using it on high school kids.LISSOW: Oh.GUTFELD: Put it in their lunch food. They all look the size of sumo wrestlers. Have you seen kids lately these days? On buses? They're massive.TIMPF: Why are you on buses full of kids?(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: He's in that watchtower again.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I'm doing research for those Dutch scientists. I'm tracking hundreds and hundreds of overweight children.MURDOCH: He's a saint, he is.GUTFELD: I am a saint. Turns out they're fat because they're confused.TIMPF: Got it.LISSOW: To answer your question, no, I have not seen a lot of kids lately. We have different hobbies.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: Kat is right, this pig looks like he's training for the New York City Marathon. He's very lean. Doesn't he make you not want to eat him. I feel like that's a good way to go as a pig. You look lean, and people go he's cute, I'm not hungry. I feel like that's pretty good.I don't know why we are attacking Ozempic. There have been so many more, do you remember, there's been more offensive fat shaming. Do you remember when Minnesota, remember when they were the Minnesota at first I thought you were twins.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: And remember the Chicago Behars?(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: I was excited about that one.GUTFELD: Keep going.LISSOW: But I looked it up, are there fat saints? I want to know, because its' is the St. Paul Saints, which is very lazy, by the way, only second lazy to the St. Paul Pauls.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: There were fat saints. Saint Thomas Aquinas a lardass by all accounts, and St. Olaf the Fat was an actual guy. Do you know how little confidence your friends have in you that you're going to lose weight that they add "the fat" to your whole name?(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: It's part of your name.GUTFELD: St. Paul Saints is very funny. I'm still thinking about that.LISSOW: St. Paul Saints.GUTFELD: Yes. And it's true. Didn't even have to be a joke, Jamie. Just made me laugh.LISSOW: A lot of times I do truths.GUTFELD: Truths.Up next, our local news won't give you the blues.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coast to coast with stories that matter most. You are watching local news, with Emmy-winning anchor Kellie Crystal Kelly, replacing Chet Van Jansen, who died.And now, here's Kellie.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Hello, I am Kellie Crystal Kelly, and this is local news where each guest has to share a story from wherever they're from. Jamie, why don't you go first?LISSOW: I'd love to. So Boeing, the airplane thing, they paid Alaska Airlines $160 million for that blowout where the exit door flew out. They paid $160 million, and that's just initial compensation. This is a huge deal. I feel like people are overreacting about the door flying. I've always found airplanes to be a little stuffy. And I feel like this is kind of nice. But Alaska Airlines promises even if there are more problems, if you sit in the exit row, they do promise you will be the first one off the plane.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Dana?PERINO: So in Denver there was this man who was doing all the sports betting. And he was like between December and January he had this incredible run. He was making so much money. Then all of a sudden, just like in Vegas, they pulled it back. The house always wins. They said they are restricting him from placing that's higher than $15. So he's mad. And the only thing the story was missing, I went back. I did more fact checking, is that the Seattle school board is in charge of this because he was too talented.TIMPF: Way to punish a man for success.MURDOCH: Sounds about right.TIMPF: Tyrus, why don't you go ahead?MURDOCH: This Easter I got Easter eggs, but they weren't from the bunny. My prize ball pythons laid eggs on Easter Sunday. So those are not the eggs you want to put in your bag when you get home.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: And there's another one. Our tech department is killing me tonight.PERINO: I'm going to have a nightmare tonight.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: She's a proud mama. She's not going to leave her eggs.PERINO: But I can't look at a snake. I'll have a nightmare.MURDOCH: Leave that up the rest of the show.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Anyway, Snow White there, sweetheart, she had her first clutch, so we're pretty excited about it. Take it off so Dana can relax.GUTFELD: You're scared of snakes. That's funny.TIMPF: Greg?GUTFELD: This is a big story. South San Francisco, I lived about eight miles south of South San Francisco, right? Yes. Why am I telling you this? I don't know. But anyway, a woman called the South San Francisco police department because she saw an actual mountain lion, but it turned out that it was just a cat. And everybody made fun of her. She thought that was a mountain lion.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's pretty funny. It was just a big pussy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Anyway, the officer said they were happy to report there's no potential threat, so everything went back to normal. And if you encounter a mountain lion, just try to make yourself bigger and back slowly away.TIMPF: Is that true?GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I don't think I'll need that device. But maybe someone out there does.Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Thanks to Dana Perino, Jamie Lissow, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld and I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)