DR. NICOLE SAPHIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: At 7:00 PM Eastern for "The Big Weekend Show."LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN that's going to start in just a few minutes. Stick around.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I am Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Saturday.Well, there has been a lot of responses to Joe Biden's State of the Union speech. The last week, I've been calling it the state of confusion speech, that seems to have caught on.It was a largely disgusting speech, a speech given by a man who is vapid. It could have been a speech given a hundred years ago, this class warfare Marxism. He spent most of the time attacking Donald Trump and those who support Donald Trump, and most of the time attacking the state of Israel.Of course, Joe Biden is not responsible for anything. He's not accountable for anything except everything is just fantastic. Did you know that? The economy couldn't be better. He saved America from fascism. The border was secure and now it's not secure and we had a bipartisan bill that would have made it secure, and the other bill that came, he did not like that bill and he can't fix it with executive orders and on and on and on.Poor Joe Biden.The problem is, he is dragging us into his hell, and everybody knows it except those commentators on MSNBC and CNN and the reporters for the holocaust denying "New York Times."But I want to take this piece-by-piece. It is my turn to reply to Joe Biden and his state of confusion.Let's take racism first.Joe Biden wants you to believe he went to see Nelson Mandela and he went to jail. He is a liar.Joe Biden wants you to believe he was a Civil Rights activist. He is a liar.At the height of the Civil Rights Movement in the early 70s, Joe Biden was on the wrong side. When he came to the United States Senate in 1973, he befriended John Stennis, James Eastland, Herman Talmadge and Robert Byrd, all four of whom were racists segregationists, all four of whom filibustered the 1964 and 1965 Civil Rights Act, the latter being a Voting Rights Act. And by the way they fought the 1968 Civil Rights Act as well.And Joe Biden was not just their friend, Joe Biden sponsored legislation to end the integration of our public schools, whether it was busing or any other mechanism. NBC News wrote a piece not too long ago and said Joe Biden wasn't just some innocent bystander, his hands were dirty, and he made all of these comments about a jungle and he did not want to send his kid into the jungle and so forth.He has made racist, bigoted, segregated comments ever since right until his election. He was called out by Kamala Harris who he decided should be the vice president, and Kamala Harris was so moved to tears she got over it very quickly when he offered her the second seat.There is a great piece that was written many years ago by the "Jackson Free Press," that would be Jackson, Mississippi and they talk about Joe Biden's praise for segregationists spans decades. He wrote love letters back and forth to Eastland. Stennis gave him the very desk that the Southern Manifesto was signed on in the late 50s, that was southern politicians who basically said segregation will stay no matter what.He became the supporter of George Wallace and Wallace of him. He got an award from George Wallace and when he was campaigning for president, I guess the fifth time, but his first time, he used to waive that around in the south, because he wanted to get votes, so he did those things and worse.In 1994, he was the sponsor of a new crime law that focused more on crack and cocaine. Many civil rights groups representing the Black community were appalled by it, they objected to it. They said he was targeting the Black communities. And in fact, he was and he has apologized it since. But more Black people as a proportion of the population went to prison as a result of Joe Biden's law.So, this is a man who now stands up and pretends he is Martin Luther King or Frederick Douglass, and somehow now, Joe Biden is the man. He is the savior. He is the savior of democracy.What else about Joe Biden and racist record?Well, recently, as president of the United States, he directed his Department of Justice to go to the Supreme Court and side with Harvard and North Carolina and these other schools as they were discriminating against Asian students who wanted to go to these schools.It was flat out racist discrimination like we saw in the 50s and 60s. It was outrageous. And these Supreme Court said so. So, well, we've been here before. Separate but equal. It is not equal, Joe.We had the Plessy versus Ferguson. We've since dealt with that in 1958, and you are defending Harvard and the others, segregation of Asian people because you do not want to choose people based on merit.When the court ruled that way, Joe Biden went on TV and he attacked the court. He attacked the extremism of the court.So, when it comes to Blacks and Asians and I might add, when it comes to Hispanics, you can say he treats them on the southern border and so forth. Joe Biden, the old Joe Biden is still there. He is still a bigot.And it's even worse than that, Joe Biden's comments about the state of Israel are contemptible, and he wants you to believe it's Benjamin Netanyahu who is the problem. No, Joe Biden, when he points to the House of representatives and says I've always supported Israel more than any of you. More than any of you. You are a liar. You are a pathological liar.You are a sociopath as a matter fact, and I'm going to prove it.Menachem Begin, one of the greatest prime minister in the history of Israel despised Joe Biden because Joe Biden was doing the same thing to him that he is doing to Benjamin Netanyahu today. In fact here's a piece from 1982 from of course the "New York Times" about a meeting, Menachem Begin had with a group of senators, a little over 30. "Mood is angry as Begin meets panel of Senate.""Prime Minister Menachem Begin left the United States today after what was described as a highly emotional confrontation on Capitol Hill with senators critical of Israel's policies in Lebanon."Israel had to attack Hezbollah. Hezbollah was shooting missiles and killing Israelis, so this prime minister, Menachem Begin had to send his army, the IDF into that territory to fight at great cost and guess who was there undermining them? Guess who was there threatening them? Guess who was there blackmailing about cutting off weapons and so forth if he does not fight a different way and doesn't protect the civilians and so forth? Guess what? Joe Biden.The morning before the session the senators, Begin had breakfast with Secretary of State Alexander Haig, later, he also met with Reagan and he expressed great satisfaction with hi9s talks with Reagan and Haig.But the bitter exchange in that Senate meeting was said to have been between Mr. Begin and Senator Joe Biden, Democrat of Delaware, who told the Israeli leader he was not critical of the Lebanon operation, but felt that Israel had to halt the policy of establishing new Jewish settlements in the West Bank, Judea and Samaria.Same dumb man, Biden. The same man who thinks he can tell another country what to do.And in that meeting in 1982 when Biden was berating Begin, threatening to cut off aid, well, Menachem Begin stood up to him as Netanyahu does. He said, "Don't threaten us with cutting off your aid, it will not work. I am not a Jew with trembling knees. I am a proud Jew with 3,700 years of civilized history. Nobody came to our aid when we are dying in the gas chambers and ovens. Nobody came to our aid when we were striving to create our country. We paid for it, we fought for it, we died for it. We will stand by our principles. We will defend them, and when necessary, we will die for them again with or without your aid."In fact I want to show you this clip of Begin at the time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MENACHEM BEGIN, FORMER ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: With regard to the areas of Eretz Israel, Judea and Samaria, the Secretary of State announced that there should be a homeland for the Palestinians and that it should be linked to Jordan. Whatever the theoretical assumptions and interpretations, there is absolutely no doubt that this plan would this greed in reality and the unavoidably to the establishment of a Palestinian state ruled by the terrorist organizations as the frontline spirit of the potential military alignment of Jordan, Syria, Saudi Arabia, and Iraq.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: Biden and a lot of the Democrats have never supported the state of Israel. They give the impression because they do not want to lose donors and voters and now, they're fully out of the closet.But Netanyahu's position is not unique when it comes Israeli prime ministers. What is unique is the radical left prime ministers or prime minister wannabes that have now been bred in Israel through their ideology.But these people are not going to surrender to Biden no matter what he does to them. Biden did not say a word about rampant antisemitism going on in this country as a result of mostly his party, his voters, the river to the sea crowd, the Islamists, the imams in Dearborn, Michigan and in California, they're all on the internet talking about not just the river to the sea, the obliteration of Israel, but the extermination of the jews.He did not say it one word about any of it. Not one word.The director of the FBI said back on October 31st, antisemitism is a threat that is reaching in some ways, sort of historic levels. He said the Jewish committee is targeted by terrorists across the spectrum including homegrown violent extremists, foreign terrorist organizations, and domestic violence extremists. He said in fact, our statistics would indicate that for a group that represents 2.4 percent of the American public, they account for something like 60 percent of all religious hate crimes.He never said a word about those administrators from Harvard and MIT and the University of Pennsylvania, the presidents, who made outrageous statements. He has never confronted Tlaib, and Omar, and Bush and AOC, and the other Jew haters. He has never spoken out against that media in this country and what they're doing as well.Joe Biden, Joe Biden is the biggest anti-Israel president we have ever had and I would argue even more than Franklin Roosevelt would not allow Jews to come to this country at the height of extermination in Europe, even more than Barack Obama who trashed Israel at the United Nations and undermined Israel at every step of the way.Joe Biden is the biggest antisemite to ever be in the Oval Office.Now, I know for some, this is controversial, but this is fact. Either you stand on good versus evil or you don't.Number three, the border. Let me remind everybody what Joe Biden said when he was running for president previously.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, THEN CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It makes sense that no great nation can be in a position where they can't control their borders. It matters how you control your borders, not just for immigration, but it matters for drugs, terror, a whole range of other things. So that is the first sort of truism.The second truism is that this nation is such that people in the country should have the first opportunity to be able to have jobs that pay well and have jobs that are decent, and that after that, the second crack goes to what we may need from other parts of the world or any other input.We have to, we have to, and I have been arguing for, back in my days as chairman of the Judiciary Committee and straight through as the leader of the Foreign Relations Committee. I've been arguing for the need to put more protection at our borders.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: So do something about it. He did not offer a single thing during the State of the Union. He is attacking Republicans and Trump. Well, I'm going to help him.I just wrote an executive order for Joe Biden as I am sitting here. I, Joe Biden, president of the United States officially rescind the 94 executive orders I signed on immigration and the border when I entered the Oval Office.Here it is. Sign it.And then you'll help affix the border, but you don't give a damn. We have 85,000 unaccounted for minors, unaccompanied minors in this country since Joe Biden became president. Where are they? This administration lost track. We have no idea.Well, I will tell you where they are -- labor slavery, sex slavery, pornography, roaming the streets in homeless shelters. Good job, Joe.Tell me, how many women have been sold into sex slavery since Joe Biden has become president? I don't know. They are not keeping statistics of that. Well, maybe we need to ask Hamas, because Joe Biden says 30,000 citizens died in Gaza. Where does he get that number? From Hamas.So, Mr. Producer, contact Hamas. Please ask them, how many people have been sold into sex slavery as a result of his policies on the southern border? We cannot get it from him, maybe we will get it from Hamas.Tell me, isn't it enough that over a hundred thousand Americans have died from fentanyl crossing the border? He is worried about deaths elsewhere. He has control over this, but he does absolutely nothing about it.He is a Svengali. He is a chameleon.That border is open for one reason, to flood our cities, to flood our states, to turn this country blue and to change the very nature of the country. There is no other explanation for it. None, whatsoever.It takes him 40 minutes during the course of his speech to even get to it.Let's keep going: Abortion. Abortion, oh, abortion, abortion, abortion.Ladies and gentlemen, since the Dobbs decision, there has been 15 percent more abortions in the United States since before the Dobbs decision, approximately 900,000 abortions. But they say, there is a woman in the gallery who he exploits, who he uses like he does Scranton and do Palestine and his phony visits to the border. She had difficulty getting to another state.No, that was not it. She needed to go to another state to get the abortion.I am sorry.Ladies and gentlemen, I'm just going to call it straight. A lot of people have to leave their states to get cancer treatment or to go to cardiologists or for all kinds of expertise and so forth and so on. That's not a massive barrier.Abortion in the United States is more ubiquitous than ever before where you have the government funding it, we have state governments finding it. We have the so-called NGOs funding it. you need transportation, you get transportation.The fact of the matter is, if that is the best example Joe Biden has, doesn't it prove the point?But they are going to run on it anyway. They create a phony issue, just like all of a sudden, out of the blue, he says, I am going to protect Social Security from the Republicans. I'm going to protect Social Security from the Republicans.This is the man who wanted to kill Social Security. You want me to prove it? Here's Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden. Go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): Let me ask you question, Joe.JOE BIDEN, THEN CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Yes.SANDERS: You are right here with me.BIDEN: Yes.SANDERS: Have you been on the floor of the Senate -- you were in the Senate for a few years --BIDEN: Yes.SANDER: Time and time again talking about the necessity with pride about cutting Social Security, cutting Medicare, cutting veterans programs.BIDEN: No.SANDER: You never said that?BIDEN: No.BIDEN POLITICAL AD: When I argued if we should freeze federal spending, I meant Social Security as well. I meant Medicare and Medicaid. I meant veterans benefits. I meant every single solitary thing in the government.BIDEN: Look, here's the deal for.SANDERS: You're an honest guy, why don't you just tell the truth here. We all make mistakes.BIDEN: I am telling the truth that.BIDEN POLITICAL AD: And I not only tried it once, I tried it twice, I tried it a third time and I tried it a fourth time.SANDER: Joe, let me repeat it again. I want you just to be straight with the American people. I am saying you have been on the floor of the Senate time and time again talking about the need to cut Social Security, Medicare and veterans program, is that true or is that not true?BIDEN: No, it's not true.SANDERS: That is not true?BIDEN: That is not true.BIDEN POLITICAL AD: I meant veterans benefits. I meant every single solitary thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: Okay, that's enough. You understand what a liar this man is, and that is what he did during the State of the Union. He lied, and lied, and lied over again and he projects onto other people's own positions.Joe Biden talks about democracy. Like other autocrats, Joe Biden uses the techniques of tyrants all over the world, which is to accuse your opponents of what you are and what you do.Let's talk about it. This man has defied two Supreme Court rulings including one involving student loans as you well know where he is going to issue a trillion dollars where does not have the authority, steals the power of Congress, the power of the purse to do it, and he laughs about it, catch me if you can.He did the same thing when it came to rent. You cannot set a national rent standard through the CDC and your Health Department the Supreme Court told him, and he didn't care, he did it anyway.He doesn't care he violates our immigration laws one after another after another, and that is why we have an open border because he is defying American law.What else has he done?Two federal courts have ruled, and shockingly so, of their disbelief that this man has used censorship to try and thwart free speech, whether it was with social media organizations or disinformation and misinformation committee and DHS, something we have not seen since the other races, Woodrow Wilson.They were appalled by what he did and what he does. He monitors the American people, over three million. Remember, they made a mistake, oh, I'm sorry, we monitored three million people over there at the FBI. Oh, I am sorry.What else? Threatening parents who care about what happens to their kids in schools because he sides with the teachers unions, trying to infiltrate Catholic Churches using SWAT teams and imprisoning prolife activists, every day Americans. Every day Americans are being monitored.Joe Biden Mr. Democrat. What else? The Voting Rights Bill he talks about, if that Voting Rights Bill passes, it means only one party will ever win an election, the Democratic Party, but he says the Republicans are opposed to it because they oppose people voting.Nobody opposes people voting, we oppose what he is doing. His dark, patty, Castro-like speech filled with lies, propaganda, delivered in a snarking sarcastic and angry way.You know, America, we deserve better than this. We deserve better than a street hack politician who should never have been president and should have never have been close to the Oval Office.I will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.One of my favorite people, Ben Domenech is with me.Ben, this administration is funding Iran, it is funding Hamas, it is funding Hezbollah, it is funding the Houthis. Hundreds of billions of dollars in now oil.Iran has attacked us, no effective response to them. The Houthis are now saying if you want to come through the Red Sea, you've got to get a license from us.Iran is really, weeks if not months away from getting a nuclear weapon and they are trashing the hell out of the state of Israel.Your father-in-law, John McCain went to the Senate floor and he said, for half-hour, "I don't come here lightly. I do not criticize appointees of another president especially Obama who defeated me, but this man, Blinken, is dangerous and he is going to get people killed," and that's when he was up for deputy Secretary of State.What do you respond to this?BEN DOMENECH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think that you know, he has obviously been proven correct, everything that the senator said at the time has been shown to be true about Antony Blinken.And look, we say a lot of the time that we've got kind of the JV team from the Obama era running the show now when it comes to foreign policy, national security, and defense, and I think that this just proof positive to that.We have seen this administration respond so inadequately to our enemies around the world, the enemies of our allies in ways that have absolutely allowed them to run roughshod over our interests, and emboldened them.They don't really want to go around and actually follow any of the lessons that we have learned over the decades about the importance of deterrence, the importance of showing strength and not letting our enemies get away with things, instead, they just wag their fingers and say, well, you know, you've done it again, don't do it again.And of course, that just emboldens our enemies more and more. It creates more risks for our allies and it undermines them in critical ways when America needs to be backing them up, needs to be standing strongly with them and behind them, and that's -- it is a total indictment of this administration and I think, it starts at the top, it starts with President Biden and it works all its way down from there.LEVIN: He says he is going to build a temporary port to get food to Gaza because apparently, one of the drops killed five Palestinians, it literally landed on their heads.You have a man of utter and complete incompetence and stubbornness and he looks at the state of Israel that is fighting like hell with Hezbollah and Hamas funded all by Iran. They are surrounded.He doesn't put pressure on Iran. He does not even put pressure on Hamas. He has got Israel under criminal investigation for possible war crimes. He is issuing executive orders against their citizens in Judea and Samaria.He is literally character assassinating Benjamin Netanyahu publicly and he said when he came off the floor after his speech, it is now reported that he said to few Democrat Senators, Bibi and I are going to have a come to Jesus moment, don't tell anybody.What is the problem with this man? He really does despise the state of Israel. That is my contention.DOMENECH: You know, I think you're absolutely right and in fact, in Franklin Foer's book that looks back at previous interactions between Benjamin Netanyahu and Joe Biden, the way that he talks about him and the way that he attempts to manipulate him, it is just an absolute insult to America's greatest ally in the Middle East.And I think it is something that when you look at the perspective that the president has on Israel, everything is just -- they are an irritant that needs to be bent to his will. He undermines their interest every which way, and he sees them now, I think as a domestic political problem.You saw the images of the Gaza protesters who were in the streets trying to block the motorcade to the State of the Union. I really do feel that this White House is more concerned about their progressive left flank than they are about America's ally, Israel. They are more concerned with the 100,000 protest votes that you saw in Michigan with the uncommitted vote in Minnesota and the like going into this election than they are about the continued existence of the state of Israel and their need to protect themselves from these terrorist villains.And that is just an absolute indictment of their priorities and here is the thing, first of all, those progressives, they will end up voting for them just like AOC will still end up voting for him, just like Rashida Tlaib and people like that will end up voting for him. He does not need to do it, but he is, and it is because he doesn't care about Israel or their interest.LEVIN: He talks about a two-state solution, and I say his two-state solution is a final solution and there is no damn way in hell the Israelis are going to agree with that, regardless of his domestic politics. I would like your thought on that.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.The presidential election kicking into high gear this weekend. Just hours ago, both President Biden former President Trump held dueling rallies in Georgia. The events were just miles apart and emphasized the importance of the swing state ahead of November's general election.Before his rally, Mr. Trump met with Laken Riley's parents backstage. She is the nursing student who was allegedly killed by an undocumented Venezuelan migrant on the University of Georgia's campus last month.The Northeast is bracing for more stormy weather. Heavy rain forecast to fall from Virginia to Maine overnight, putting more than 30 million people under flood alerts.Some places could see up to three inches of rainfall by morning. The system also packing and accumulating snow and high winds in places. up to nine inches of snow could blanket parts of upstate New York by Monday night.I am Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America. We are here with Ben Domenech.Ben, so what would this other state look like? I mean, Joe Biden has a tough enough time preserving our rights and protecting our citizens from terrorists, from criminals, from illegal aliens. What exactly would it look like?DOMENECH: Well, I think that we know deep down what it would look like. It would look like an opportunity for Israel's enemies to amass their forces to really continue their effort to drive them into the sea.Look, I am a big believer over all that when our enemies say things that we ought to believe them. We ought to take them at their word.You do not have to look very far to find all of the different people who are saying they will do what they have done over these past many decades in order to try to undermine Israel, a state they do not believe should have the right to exist.And so I say take them at their word and this would be one more step that would simply embolden America's enemies and Israel's enemies as well to do their worst.LEVIN: Don't you also think one of the reasons why, too many in my view, but a growing number of conservatives do not support Ukraine? Isn't it in part due to the fact this so-called commander-in-chief has never given a real speech explaining what is at stake, he has never really explained where the money is supposed to go.He sends them money, he sends them arms. We have no real insight into what is happening. He wanted the Ukrainians not to win, but to have a stalemate where it's a grind out, grind out, grind out.Is it the problem that he actually interferes like his generals do in how Ukraine should fight the way he is trying to interfere in how Israel should fight?DOMENECH: Absolutely. It's of the same creature in the sense that it is micromanaging without any kind of leadership, and I think that this is something that is an indictment of the foreign policy of the Democratic Party at this moment.And unfortunately, it is true within segments of the Republican Party as well. I think a big part of the reason why you do not the traditional level of support for strong backing of America's interest around the world in so many different places as you should see within the Republican coalition, is because they have so much distrust, earned distrust for this administration, for this White House and the foreign policy team.They are not confident in them, so they are not confident in sending the funds that are needed to push back against so many of America's enemies and to fight for our interests around the world, and also to prevent fights and wars in the future from breaking out.Deterrence early on is the best way to approach this and unfortunately, there is a lot of situations around the world where I think there are certain steps that should be happening now that are not happening because of that level of distrust for this administration.LEVIN: I just want people to understand that Joe Biden directly and indirectly has funneled more money to Iran than he has to Ukraine. I just want people to understand the insanity that is taking place under Joe Biden, Blinken, and the rest of the reprobates that populate this administration.And then when you look at Afghanistan, I think that had a huge effect on the American psyche and that is why, I agree with you, I think a lot of people are saying, well, I don't know, but this guy is bad and we better watch what we are doing because he is going to get us killed. I agree with you a hundred percent.Now let's move quickly to the border. He can sign one piece of paper and say I resend all of my executive orders. That's all he has to do.DOMENECH: I take it all back.LEVIN: I rescind them. I just wrote it in one sentence. I said, here is your executive order. Now just sign the damn thing.DOMENECH: Yes.LEVIN: But instead, it is he who wants to use it to attack Republicans, attack Trump, and try to blame them without upsetting his base, which obviously does not believe in citizenship, it doesn't believe in the culture and all the rest of it. What do you think?DOMENECH: I think that Joe Biden is experiencing the ramifications of this massive effort on the part of Democrats over the years to increase the idea that if you oppose any type of immigration including illegal immigration, it is an indication that you are some kind of a racist bigot or the like.And that has worked so effectively within their coalition that they are now put in an impossible situation and because of that again, he is appealing to their leftist wacko flank which is absolutely horrible for the country, for the border, and for the state of crime in our nation.LEVIN: You seem to be saying Joe Biden puts his own political interests, the political interest of his party and power, power, power, ahead of country and everything else. Is that what you're saying?DOMENECH: It is what I am saying, it is all that matters to him and from day one when he entered politics, you can look back at what he was saying at the time. It really is all that has ever mattered to him.LEVIN: Very well said. God willing, this will end soon. It is a national nightmare. It's an international nightmare.Ben Domenech, I want to thinking you. You are a good man. God bless you, brother.DOMENECH: Good to be with you.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We are with our friend, Stephen Miller.Stephen Miller, we are looking at the entrails of the state of the confusion address, and I have a few questions for you, nobody better than you to answer, so welcome.STEPHEN MILLER, FOUNDER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL: Thank you.LEVIN: Can you really love your country if you leave your borders open to fentanyl, to rapists, murderers, to drug cartels? To anybody who wants to come across, to slavery, sex slavery, child slavery, and then pretend you can't do anything about it when in fact you are the cause of it? Can you actually love your country when you did this and continue to watch it?MILLER: That's like asking, Mark, if you can love your family if you leave all your doors open and invite predators in to steal all of your possessions and attack and hurt the people you love most in the entire world.You would be a barbarian if you ever did such a thing. You would've betrayed your most fundamental duty to the people that you love that you are duty-bound to protect. Of course, you cannot love your country if you subject it by choice and by design to this litany of horrors.And they did all of this, Mark, as we have discussed at so much at length on purpose, preplanned and pre-meditated, one executive order, one executive proclamation, one executive action after another for the purpose of bringing in as many illegal aliens as possible every innocent American in their minds who was raped and murdered as a result is acceptable collateral damage.LEVIN: Stephen Miller, Aristotle once wrote, you can have a revolution and you can change a regime by immigration. We have seen the destruction of Rome. The Democratic period of Rome. We have seen the destruction of Athens. We have seen now what is the destruction of so much of Europe and what is the destruction of an increasing piece of the United States taking place here.Joe Biden is violating the Constitution, his responsibility to take care that the laws are followed, and yet here is my question to you about all of this. Why do people still vote for him? It's like tyrannical regimes. People still vote for tyranny. People still vote for totalitarianism. People still vote against their own interests.I'm not saying he's going to win, by God, I pray he loses, but you still have tens of millions of people who vote for their own destruction.MILLER: It is surely one of the great psychological phenomena, the extent to which the suicidal ideology is embraced millions of American voters, an ideology that says criminals will be released to continue to reoffend, an ideology that says young children will be fed lies about biology and transitioned to the opposite sex, an ideology that says we will allow criminal migrants free entry into the country and if they murder innocent young women, then so be it.How can a millions of people subscribe to such an ideology? I mean, they have been programmed, Mark. They have been conditioned through years of legacy media, through years of Big Tech influence, through years of manipulated search results on our major search engines, to be fed information to subscribe to a paradigm that the right, that the Republican Party, the non-left are threats to democracy, that they are insurrectionists. That they are threats to human rights and universal values.And so that the left is the champion, the vanguard of these foundational principles, all of it lies. All of it, completely the inversion of the truth. But when you have billions of dollars, the most powerful government agencies, the most powerful technology platforms, the most powerful news outlets pushing the same message for years, Mark, people have been indoctrinated.And now, they are importing new voters to keep them in power permanently.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.There are 85,000 children who are missing under this regime, unaccompanied children. They do not know where they are. We don't know where they are. They are probably in very horrible dark places.Women are being raped, sold into sex slavery. We have the biggest slaver in the American history in the Oval Office in terms of the spread of slavery on the southern border and all the rest of it.So my question to you is this, isn't this all about politics and power in the Democratic Party increase the numbers of their congressional districts among other things?MILLER: Of course it is, Mark, and this is something that too few understand.The way the census is counted right now, illegal aliens count for congressional apportionments. So, that is more congressional seats to California increasing the size and power of that delegation. And of course with it, the power of the Democratic Party.But also and arguably more importantly than that, it increases the number of electoral votes that a state like California has. California without illegal immigration would have half the electoral votes it has today.It is not just of course the illegal aliens, but when they stay here, all of their children of course, too. So it's even more the numbers would suggest.California as an electoral behemoth, this powerhouse, this monolith for the Democratic Party because illegal aliens are counted in the census, and that is why they fought tooth and nail against President Trump and used Democrat lawfare to try to stop him from changing the census and this would no longer be the case, and of course, that will be one of the very first missions that we are going to complete in 2025.So, this is a sheer power play, not to mention of course the fact that as soon as they have the chance, will pass an amnesty bill and make every illegal alien into a full voting citizen.LEVIN: We lost sight of what the purpose of immigration is. The purpose of immigration, to accommodate anybody who wants to come here, to accommodate any country who empties their prisons. Is it the purpose of immigration to serve the best interest of the American people? That should determine the amount of immigrants where they come from and all the rest?MILLER: There is no other consideration, moral or otherwise, but that, Mark.Immigration should exist only to serve the interest of the republic and its citizens. That's what makes it republic a republic. It's a family of citizens who have shared interest, shared hopes and dreams, and the administration of immigration policy is about bettering their lives, their futures, their children's futures. Whereas the Democrat vision is, American citizens are dirt. They are of no use to us anymore.We need to bring in new people to vote for us. New people to cement our coalition. New people that keep us in power. New people to sustain big government and to sustain our complete control over the institutions that run this country.And that is what makes it so evil, Mark. They are not misguided, they are not confused. They are not just failing to understand or comprehend or lacking in will or desire or commitment. They are absolutely clear-sighted on what they want.They want a maximum illegal immigration into this country and if innocent Americans are bloodied and beaten and bruised and murdered because of it, then that to them is a small price to pay to keep themselves in power because true Marxists, no matter what name they carry, what banner they carry, are united by one single unifying objective and that is the pursuit of power, power, power, power.And Until republicans get that, they are going to continue to get pulverized underneath the heel of this new authoritarian movement and tragically with them, millions of American citizens.LEVIN: Brilliantly put, I guess that is why Joe Biden keeps hiding behind the fig leaf of this phony legislation in the Senate. the "New York Times" even had it on its front page where the Democrats are now furious about what's taking place because it is affecting the cities and so forth. And Joe Biden, of course, blames it on Trump and the Republicans in this bipartisan piece of legislation.Since when is something bipartisan when three Republican senators vote for it and no other Republicans vote for it? Since when is it bipartisan when it is negotiated in secret? And since when is it bipartisan when all it does is the same exact thing with a bunch of legal gibberish surrounding and camouflaging what is really taking place?Stephen Miller, I want to thank you for your patriotism and your prescience when it comes to the border and so many other things and your great legal organization. I want to thank you for all of that.God bless you, my friend.MILLER: God bless you. Thank you.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I think the final words, and there should be final words, from the state of confusion speech is this.It took Joe Biden over an hour, a long, grueling exhausting our, not for him, for the rest of us, to say pretty much nothing. To be angry, to show us why he shouldn't be anywhere near the Oval Office.This is a failed politician who has been hanging around Washington, DC for half a century, who will not be held to account, who blames everybody else for the faults of the nation.We deserve better than this. Half the nation knows it, the other half, well, they don't. They better wake up and they better wake up fast or they are going to be dragging the rest of us into their hell.Wonderful show tomorrow night, Sunday night on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN. Victor Davis Hanson and Newt Gingrich and I'll see you then.