MITCH DANIELS, FORMER PRESIDENT, PURDUE UNIVERSITY: You know, this is a program that does it the right way.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: But you do feel that Clemson was robbed? Do I understand you feel Clemson was robbed? OK.DANIELS: Well, Clemson has had an awful lot of athletic success --CAVUTO: All right, all right.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Democrats fearful of another Trump presidency and they are sending out more smoke signals in the hopes that someone at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is watching. One very worried fundraiser bluntly telling the Washington Post that his party is prepared to lose and adding this colorful quote, "As my grandfather used to say -- well, make that the great-grandfather, I'm as nervous as a cat in a room full of rocking chairs. We all know this is a jump ball." That's a way to mix a metaphor right there.And Biden's former right-hand man is going on T.V. Former White House Chief of Staff Ron Klain says the president needs to get it together, Jesse.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RON KLAIN, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF: Prices are still high. Price of gasoline is still high. You know, other prices are still high, and people feel that pinch. And the wages have gone up. And the statistics say wages have gone up faster than prices. People still feel pinched in their pocketbooks.And so, I think, you know, the president needs to make more progress on that. He's going to continue to fight to bring down prices on key things that matter to family.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Biden and Dr. Jill have been adamant that the polls are just flat out wrong. So, the new strategy seems to be getting new pollsters, the campaign beefing up operations on that front right now.It's a little bit hard take Ron Klain, Jesse, talking about inflation. This was the guy who was chief of staff for the first two years. Pushed everybody -- pushed back on everybody like Larry Summers in the Democratic Party, who said, guys, do you really want to pass all this extra spending because it could lead to inflation. He was like, you guys are ridiculous. That'll never happen. And then look what happened?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I mean, ask Greg, he chopped so much wood today. He knows the price of lumber.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's true.WATTERS: Better than anybody. Is the pilling on your shirt on purpose?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: OK.GUTFELD: Pilling is very in style these days.WATTERS: You paid extra for the pilling?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: It's like when you buy the jeans ripped. You bought the shirt pilled?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: And that's why it cost so much?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: OK. Good, Greg. And you went with mustard, did you?GUTFELD: Mustard is in, Jesse.WATTERS: OK.GUTFELD: The kids love mustard.WATTERS: OK, very good. So, I don't know how much progress they've made on inflation. No one else believes they've made any progress. If you look at all the prices, the prices are not coming down, no matter how much they try to rig the numbers.Now, we keep on hearing about this jobs boom, all the jobs are coming from people that were born in another country. And that's what brings down wages.And I just saw him not replenish the strategic oil reserves, because price of oil is too high to do it. It's at $86.00 a barrel. He was going to do it at 70. I think oil prices are even going to go higher. And the stock market had a rough day.Imagine that, the stock market corrects, you just basically guaranteed Trump's reelection. We'll see how that shakes out.New pollsters to do what? To give polls to Joe that make him look like he's doing better? All of these polls are done by liberals. And even the Fox News poll has Joe Biden losing. He's at 38 percent approval in the battlegrounds. Donald Trump's at 51 percent approval. Trump from is wildly popular, wildly more popular than Joe Biden in the states they're going to make this election count.His coalition is absolutely collapsing. He is tied with Hispanics. He's tied with young voters. And he's only winning 68 percent of blacks. That is an absolute catastrophe. Bring back Dick Morris. That's what he has to do.Now, if they're saying he needs more energy, you have to give Democrats a reason to be excited. It's not all just about the performance like a Bernie or a Trump where you go to the rally and it's kind of fun and exciting. Joe Biden has to make people on Election Day and the 21,000 weeks leading up to Election Day that we're going to be voting and harvesting. They have to make Democrats excited and give them a reason to walk over hot coals to vote for Joe Biden. And it can't just be about Trump's going to be a dictator on day one, because no one's falling for that hoax.PERINO: Jessica, what about getting new pollsters if you don't like the polls that are coming out?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, he didn't let go of anyone, he actually just add them.PERINO: That's great. Well, Democrats never cut anything.TARLOV: We love to spend especially on good data, but the pollsters that he did bring in are specialists in certain areas. Where, yes, the numbers have been soft, not like what Jesse said. I have many spaghetti bridges just sell you if you think that you're going to be tied with Gen Zs.WATTERS: Spaghetti bridge to nowhere.TARLOV: OK. But bringing in pollsters who specialize in Latino voters and in black voters. And I think that that's smart strategy, he still has --PERINO: I mean, because you're an expert. How does that change things for Biden?TARLOV: Well, it means that he's going to be getting a wider array of information, he's going to have more people on his advisory team. And I think that that's useful. You don't want to have a cocooned candidacy, right? Where you only hear from the same two people every day, you want to have as diverse of opinion, a set of opinions as you can.But Ron Klain is right to be out there to talking about these issues. We see that in the data that's coming back about how people feel about their pocketbooks, what they see at the grocery stores, etcetera.But this streak of positive data for the president has continued. So, looking at the Real Clear Politics average today, Biden is now up point one.PERINO: Here we go.TARLOV: No --PERINO: That was true. You're right -- you're right.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: Is that Johnny or you got someone else? There have now been 16 polls since the end of February that had Biden up. There was a set of swing state polls. I know we talked about The Wall Street Journal poll yesterday, was all within the margin of error, which, you know, is an important part of this. But there were Bloomberg Morning Consult polls from last week that had him gaining in six of the seven swing states.The jump ball is correct. And Democrats understand that and we do better when we're running a little bit scared, the bedwetting philosophy.PERINO: Although, like remember like yesterday, we talked, Judge, Dr. Jill Biden saying, he's a sure thing. So, they're not -- they're not saying that they're worried at all.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes, Jill Biden actually not only denied that the polls of the swing states were what they are with Trump ahead in six of the seven. But she said her husband is actually winning. And as we go forward, you're going to see that he's winning.But you have to wonder, Dana, why all of a sudden did they figure that you know what, Bidenomics isn't working? What took them so long? Everybody's been telling them it hasn't been working.So finally, they say, OK, we can't because the swing states are so bad. We can't keep doing this and telling people Bidenomics is great, and you're great. You just don't know whether you're not smart enough to feel it.But 74 percent of people think the economy's going in the wrong direction. And in the swing states, something like 63 percent think that the economy is not good, or very poor.And let's be honest, this whole election is about the swing states. And so, they're bringing in these new pollsters, they figure bringing the pollsters because they can't change Joe cognitively, they can't change him, he's not going to get any better. Is he going to debate? Probably not. I don't know if he will, but I don't have any inside information.But the truth is that these posters are the ones who came up with the MAGA doctrine. So, you can pretty much count on the fact that the new pollsters are going to create this division. They're going to create this hate because if you can't win on the issues, you can try to demonize the other guy. And I think that that's what's going to happen.PERINO: Jessica brings up the cocoon candidate, is like -- it's like a cocoon election.GUTFELD: It certainly is. But when the Dems are nervous, I'm nervous. And when they aren't nervous, I'm nervous, because they actually take this more seriously. I think the Republicans do. I would put a pause on any of these feel good stories that predict the this premature demise of Joe Biden.If the -- if the Democratic Party is the official party of the AWFLs, the affluent white liberal females and there is only one issue, and I beat this horse yesterday, and it's abortion. These are not single-issue voters, they're single-issue fanatics.You know, the border could get worse, crime could triple, speech could be banned, a war could explode, prices would soar. None of that matters, because in case you haven't noticed, it doesn't matter now. If what you're seeing today is a result of the abortion voter.You know, you have billions flown into foreign countries, you got drug addiction, homelessness, the decline of education, the decline in mental health. Did I say inflation? Inflation.All of these are happening now. And they are consequences from a party that one due to millions of women who are galvanized to vote because they felt that abortion was under threat.So, if you want all these bad things to continue, by all means keep energizing the pro-abortion faction, because they're just going to keep voting. You said yesterday, Trump could say, he'll leave abortion alone. They probably won't believe them. Probably right.Jessica said there's enough footage of Trump saying that contrary and you're right, so it is a challenge. So, how do you overcome it? I think Republicans have to be blunt and say hey, if you want your abortion, you can keep your abortion our moral argument exists. And we hope that one day you'll listen to it and take it seriously.But right now, our mission is to save this country because you cannot reduce abortion in America if there's no America left. So, a prolife shift would be from politics to persuasion, right? Because threats and bans only feed the beast, so you have to just say, hey, look, we won Roe v. Wade now let's like let's focus on everything else because abortion whether you like it or not, and I'm prolife, it's become an unacceptable evil just like war.You know, we hate war but there it goes and men wage the war, women wage the abortions, call it even. You take abortion off the table, Republicans will be in power forever.PERINO: It's really interesting point.GUTFELD: Well, thank you, Dana.PERINO: And don't want to make fun of Jesse's pen?GUTFELD: No, I didn't see it.PERINO: I mean, come on.GUTFELD: Oh, that's a silly pen. By the way, how did you know what to call this?PERINO: Pilling?GUTFELD: Pilling. I didn't even know what -- when you said that, I was thoroughly confused.WATTERS: Well, because I have a lot of pilled shirts because I'm not as wealthy as you, Greg.PERINO: No, but actually, fabrics are terrible now, everything pills and it's very annoying.PIRRO: But you know, you can get one of those --PERINO: Like the shaver.PIRRO: -- scratches the pilling off. Do you have one of those?PERINO: A pilling shaver.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: A deep piller?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Ask Manny. All right, Arnold Schwarzenegger is flexing some muscle against illegal immigrants as the Feds bust the migrant squatter crime ring.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Hasta la vista law-breaking migrants. Arnold Schwarzenegger flexing on the invasion of criminal illegal aliens running amok in America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER, ACTOR: To me, coming to America was the key to my success. It's just a place where foreigners welcomed. And this is the key thing, if you are willing to contribute to America, there's a lot of people didn't want to come to America to take advantage of America. And I'm very vividly against that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Those two guys look alike. And as Arnie slams illegals taking advantage, the Feds busting a squatter trap house chock full of gun toting drug dealing migrants. Fox cameras capturing the moment when Feds nabbed three of them. Seven are now currently behind bars either waiting deportation proceedings or in local custody with ICE detainers. But one illegal is still on the run.Jesse, it's kind of interesting to see Arnold arguing against his own preferences, i.e. foreign maids. So, this is a meaningful stance coming from him.WATTERS: It is, but you have to remember when he was immigrating, or when many people immigrated into this country, they weren't given anything.GUTFELD: Right.WATTERS: You got here and because you weren't given anything, you had to hustle. And a lot of immigrants hustled their tails off and created empires. I mean, this country is built from immigration. And that all changes when the minute you get here, your bus to a metropolis, and you're handed a free hotel room, free debit card, free food and just showered with welfare.You have an immediate inclination to say, well, this is great. Why do I have to hustle? Why do I have to get a job? Why do I have to work to get an apartment if everyone's just going to give me free stuff?So, now, people know that and they're not coming for the American dream. They're coming for American welfare. And some of them are good people. Some of them are bad hombres, Jessica and there's a lot of migrant crime. I know MSNBC denies there's migrant crime. But how many perp walks do you have to see on camera for you to say, yes, people are committing crimes.GUTFELD: You know, it's interesting, that like, those stories that immigrants have of like, coming into America with nothing and building themselves up to, those stories are all going to be gone.PERINO: It's like when your -- when your parents say that they used to walk to school uphill both ways. Immigrants in this country actually used to and that was really -- it was arduous, it was hard, and they did a lot. And now we are in a situation where you can just like walk into somebody's unoccupied home and you can live there, you can trash the joint.And then, when it gets media attention, all of a sudden, that's when ICE will come in. And I expect that there will probably be some lawsuits from someone who says these poor people should not be kicked out of this house.But there might -- and I'm curious what the Judge thinks about this, but there might now be an actual challenge in court about sanctuary cities. So, let's have that debate.The other thing I would just mention is, President Biden has really turned in the last couple of weeks since he had that radio city music hall event. And I think that Barack Obama got to him and said, stop talking about the border, it is not helping you, you need to turn your attention to the things that are going to help you win this election, which is health care, because he wants Obamacare to be saved.And at the same time, for example, in Texas, the Biden administration said that they were going to go and they were going to cut the razor wire in Texas. They've never sent a soul to do that. Why? Because they really don't want to because they know that that would be a terrible visual for them. And they know that the razor wire is actually helping them.If they were to go and actually cut the razor wire, then the A block would -- we wouldn't have had to do the A block because the polls would be very different.GUTFELD: Yes, it's a good point. Why can't Hochul do something, Judge, about any kind of the squatter loopholes? Why, like, everybody who hears about it goes, wait, if they just stay there for 30 days, how did this happen?PIRRO: Well, the first question you asked is why doesn't Hochul do something? Because she doesn't want to. We saw that Ron DeSantis in Florida did something. He did it, the laws passed and signed, it's going into effect.What we're living in is a Democrat -- this is the -- this is the epitome of a Democrat-run state. Everything from the sanctuary city state, to the no bail, to the no discretion on the part of the judges, to D.A.s not prosecuting crime with no accountability.Look, this whole thing started with eight squatters living in a home that was not theirs since October, and they were living there with guns and drugs and a 7-year-old child in the midst of it all.So, because they're pointing these guns at people and running around with them, the police catch on. The police make arrests, and six of the eight defendants are released by judges. And I want to mention their names because I think it's about time we understood that when the D.A. asked for bail and you don't give it to them. We've got in the Bronx a judge Eugene Bowen, B-O-W-E-N. And in the Laurence Busching. B-You-S-C-H-I-N-G, couldn't set bail, so they're gone. They're gone.Two of those individuals have already been charged with attempted murder, just like that guy was last week in the Jonathan Diller homicide, he was the driver. He's charged with attempted murder in Yonkers and possession of a weapon. And he's out on bail.I have an idea. All right? The idea is this. If you're an illegal, and you get into trouble with the law, you are not entitled to bail. Bail is not afforded to you. Bail is something that should only be afforded to people who have roots in the community, who we know who they are, they have a job, they have family, the whole purpose of bail is to ensure they return to court.If you are illegal, you are by definition someone who we can no longer expect to return to court. In fact, their agenda is to never respond just the way four of these Venezuelans, they're all Venezuelans. They came in and already they didn't show up for their processing appointments, shock.So, it's time that we change the law in New York, if you're illegal, you don't get bail.GUTFELD: Last word to you, Jessica.TARLOV: Well, on Martha's hour, in the 3:00 hour, she had on the NYPD Chief of Patrol who was talking about a lot of these issues. And he used very similar rhetoric to how Arnold Schwarzenegger was talking about migrants, which is the correct approach on how majority of people feel that most of the folks who come here are good. They want a better life, they will pay their taxes, they will do whatever they do -- they need to do.And that's why you do need to be harsher on those that are doing things like this. And there needs to be real consequences. And he made sure to say they get their day in court. I'm not interested in you know, throwing someone back over the border the second they're accused of something.GUTFELD: I am.TARLOV: I understand that but you are not going to be the Chief of Patrol.GUTFELD: Not yet.TARLOV: Not ever. But I thought that it was a really important balance that he struck there because that's how people in cities like New York and Chicago and Baltimore and D.C. and I would say even in a lot of red areas feel where they know a lot of migrants.Joe Jones always says that he grew up in a part of Georgia, I think it was like 80 percent were migrants that --GUTFELD: I don't think anybody's ever -- this is the issue of the Democrats as they're the ones that they conflate the lawful and the unlawful, we don't.PERINO: Right.GUTFELD: I never --bad hombres is specifically bad hombres. It's not all hombres.PIRRO: Of course not.TARLOV: I know but there is a -- there is a language problem.GUTFELD: It's always about the language, isn't it?PIRRO: Look, they're called migrants. I mean, what else do you want us to do? Migrants on parole while illegal aliens under the law? We've changed the language.GUTFELD: We must go. Coming up, the media's most daring Trump expose yet, his Spotify playlist.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: After probing Russia taxes in his personal life, the media has another Pulitzer Prize-worthy expose on Donald Trump. Behold D.J. Donald. Left wing Axios doing a deep dive on how Trump's Mar-a-Lago Spotify playlist is a Rosetta Stone that demystifies how his mind works."Trump controls the surround sound stereo system on the breezy patio with his big iPad and its Spotify list. Regulars jokingly call it the Deejay T performance."The EX press reportedly loves the blast the speaker so loud that people have trouble talking as he marvels at the sound quality filling the garden. So, what's Trump jam into these days? Broadway show tunes like Phantom of the Opera. An old school bangers from the likes of Elvis, Lionel Richie, Guns N' Roses, Elton John. What does this tell you about the former president, Judge Jeanine?PIRRO: Well, I can't figure out what they're trying to tell us. Are they're trying to tell us that based upon the music, they can get into his mind and tell you that he's a dictator? How are they interpreting this?And by the way, I love the image of Deejay T. You know, that's better than the mug shot. He should make a t-shirt out of that. Young people would love that. He's going to love it if he hasn't seen it already.Look, who doesn't like their own playlist? If you have a party, you play what you like. You turn it up if you like, the volume. You're in the car, you're driving, you're in charge. Why all of a sudden is this something that is like, you know, indicative of what a terrible person he is? It means he loves music.WATTERS: Dana, are you going to go to Spotify and download the playlist?PERINO: I just might. I liked a lot of those songs I thought that there was a disturbing lack of country music on the list, and I would like to recommend some songs for the next party. But remember, Obama's Spotify list is basically more anticipated than the Oscar nominations. Like, the media can't get enough of it. And Axios, I think that it's a kind of a weird piece, I get that, but it also is one of those things that people like to read about this. They want to know the -- like the people who are running for office. Where's Biden's list? I would love to see that. It's like the snooze button.The other thing is that the reaction to the Axios list from the left was more telling. They thought that it was normalizing Trump and that Axios shouldn't have done it. Do not normalize.WATTERS: He likes music, Jessica. What are we going to do now?TARLOV: Well, I can't vote for him just purely based on that. I actually -- some of the reaction that I saw on top of the normalization was this is just so weird and like regular people who submit pieces could never get them accepted, but because it's the head of the team there, they got to write this piece. And they did connect it to these notions of Trump is basically running the same playbook. That's the argument that they wanted to make. Like, he alone controls the volume and the song -- the songs stay the same. And that is what he has been doing thus far.And I think that's a salient point that his 2024 campaign looks a lot like what the 2020 campaign did in terms of themes that he wants to hit and even what he was talking about in 2018 and trying to help in the 2022 Midterms which obviously was a huge debacle. And so, I think that there are, even though it's silly, there are lessons in there for Democrats that are running against Donald Trump to think about where these greatest hits have failed before and to try to exploit that again to make sure that we can win at the next election. But mostly it's just silly. And I think everyone kind of likes the artists that he likes.WATTERS: She humanized him, Greg.GUTFELD: How dare you? By the way, you want to know, Joe is listening to Living On A Prayer.PERINO: Popular song.GUTFELD: The band he most identifies with is Grateful Dead. One thing I think we learned one of the things I felt I learned from this list is that it's real.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: As opposed to the whole Obama one was always curated. Everything was like picked as is this going to make him seem cool? We got to have something like soulful from the mid-70s.PERINO: And from its root.GUTFELD: And some -- yes, we got to have some from something hip. And he doesn't even know -- like, he doesn't listen to radio head, he listens to the Black Eyed Peas. I hate the Black Eyed Peas. So, anyway, at least this is real. Having said that, I learned he has terrible taste in music. I do not trust a world leader who doesn't have Slayer or Melvins or the Misfits on their playlist. He didn't even have the Ramones. He didn't even have the Ramones.This -- the stuff there is the sappy saccharine stuff you hear right before you're going to get your teeth cleaned, everything on that list. But on an up note, it says something about him that almost everything he listens to is positive or uplifting. So, he's not voluntarily inserting negative content into his brain which is what almost every person does with music. It's like there's no Smiths or Nine Inch Nails, you know.And there's a message here. Music can't affect your mood and your well- being. If you look at Goths, right, they're depressed. But have you ever seen a depressed person listen to reggae ever? Why do you think that is, Dana?TARLOV: They're all high.GUTFELD: You know what? That stereotype, Jessica. It's the reason why people think you're a racist.WATTERS: Jessica. Take it back, Jessica.GUTFELD: I demand you apologize to our Jamaican friends.WATTERS: Yes. To everybody in Jamaica, we'd like you show a formal apology. Not all of you are high.GUTFELD: I will apologize for Jessica.TARLOV: No. This --WATTERS: OK, she's said some of you are high. Again, we have to apologize. Sorry, Jessica. Better just maybe you don't speak for the rest of the show.Ahead, America's equity mafia is now discriminating against gifted White and Asian students.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: America's equity mob is at it again by targeting the most talented kids in our country. Seattle Public Schools are cancelling its gifted program because it had too many White and Asian students in it. So, they replaced it with something more inclusive. But even Black parents were outraged arguing against closing them down. However, the school's then- director accused them of being tokenized by White Seattle parents. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHANDRA HAMPSON, FORMER VICE PRESIDENT, SEATTLE SCHOOLS BOARD: This is a pretty masterful job at tokenizing a really small group, a really small community of color within the existing cohort.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Well, this is pretty incredible. Dana, I'll start with you. There is a gifted program for students who are gifted. The fear of course being that, you know, they can -- if they go too slowly, then it includes everybody else. These kids will either get bored or won't produce the way they could. What do you think of that?PERINO: I was reminded of Governor Glenn Youngkin's campaign when he was running in Virginia. Remember Terry -- he was running against Terry McAuliffe. And Terry McAuliffe said something -- I can't remember the exact phrase but it was basically about parents and teachers and like they shouldn't be involved.TARLOV: They're not yours --PERINO: Parents shouldn't be involved in teaching.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And when Governor Youngkin went to any of the of the town hall meetings, he would say -- and I promise you, if I am your governor, I will ensure that the gifted and talented programs are there, that we will have advanced math in all of our schools, that we are going to challenge our students, and he would get standing ovations. And that was the year of the parents. They said we want this.And so, I'm not surprised that the Black parents were like wait, hold on, we want that. So, instead of figuring out a way to let's on merit see if we can get more people into it, and you know what, like challenge everybody. I used to love a star chart. Did you have a star chart on the fridge? No? You did?WATTERS: Star chart, yes.PERINO: Yes. And then I would do anything to get some -- like, star on my chart.PIRRO: Oh, yes. More stars.PERINO: I would do anything. My sister was like no, I don't care about any star chart. I would do anything. And that gives us ambition and drive and a desire to do better. And sometimes you fail. And it's just -- it's about what Jesse often talks about which is teaching them resilience and lifting up great people. And we're going to need them. These kids today are going to be in a competition for jobs and econ -- the economy all around the world. And no other country is doing this to their kids.PIRRO: You know, Jessica, some of them say that this will create a stronger sense of community and therefore let's, you know, dumb down the smarter program and let's have the other kids who may need more attention have to come up to a middle ground?TARLOV: Camaraderie can be bred in any setting. It can be in the lunchroom it can be out on the playground. It could be in certain classes. Like, I'm not great or wasn't as -- wasn't as good in math as I was in English. I was in advanced English, and I was in normal math. And that's exactly as it should have been. And I think that they're really doing these kids a disservice on both sides of it because kids are not getting the kind of personal attention that they should.And what I thought was the craziest part of this is that they're not changing how they staff these classrooms. They're not giving them an extra teacher, right, to try to help -- if you're bringing let's say five kids out of the gifted and talented program into the normal classroom, you're just saying to those kids -- and it is the way that it should be that you want to make sure that the kid who is lagging the furthest behind doesn't get left even further behind, so you know that's what's going to happen that they're going to go to the lowest common denominator on all of that.And if you watch a documentary like Waiting for Superman about charter schools, you see that it is minority families that want this the most, that want these opportunities, right? They tend to not live in neighborhoods that are zoned for the best public schools for instance. Wealthier white people can move into a neighborhood that has a public school that's as good as a private school for instance.And you listen to these parents, they're like this is our shot, right? Having the chance to get into a gifted and talented program or to get into a charter school that's run by an Eva Moskowitz or Michelle Rhee for instance is our chance and you shouldn't strip people from that.PIRRO: Well, as a result, Greg, they say that some of the Washington schools have actually seen a drop in the students' success.GUTFELD: Now, there's a surprise. Look, I was a gifted child. Not a surprise. If they stuck me with the chuckleheads like Jesse, I wouldn't be here changing America. I know where I would be. But this is the elimination of aspirational achievement and you saw who was behind this, an AWFL.PERINO: Yes, AWFL.GUTFELD: An Affluent White Female Liberal. That wasn't a Black woman doing that. And she basically called smart achieving Black kids tokens. What does that do? Well, you send a message that you assume academic achievement is only for Whites which is racist. She's White, obviously racist. And you dissuade young Blacks from pursuing academic achievement for fear of being smeared as a token. And this is during a phase when the learning is so important for young people. It makes a difference in their lives and you're telling them, what, don't read books.But this is that -- this is luxury beliefs again. You know, it's a moral stance equity for all held by an elite, you know and they are immune -- they are immune to the consequences but it's the lower class that has to endure their beliefs. So, that woman, she probably was in an honors class. When she grew up, she probably has advanced degrees, so it's not her problem. But that -- but your -- God help your kids with somebody like that.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, wrap it up. You're still gifted and you're still a child.GUTFELD: Thank you.WATTERS: I'm going to try to do something that I've never done before. I'm going to put myself in someone else's shoes. Let's pretend I'm Black.GUTFELD: OK.WATTERS: Not just one percent, I'm 100 percent Black. And I see a bunch of White Liberal women take away the gifted program because not enough of people who look like me are in the program. As a competitive young Black man, I would feel embarrassed and I would then say to myself, I'm going to work harder and my Black father and Black mother would probably feel kind of a little embarrassed dropping me off at school knowing that White Liberals don't think I'm good enough and try -- and are trying to dumb down the curriculum because not as many people like me are in the gifted program.I would ground myself if I was the Black parent of Black Jesse Watters, and I would make him work that much harder to prove these White Liberal -- AWFLs you call them?GUTFELD: AWFL.WATTERS: Wrong.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: How was that for empathy?PERINO: Very empathetic.GUTFELD: Wow.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: You made it through.TARLOV: You blew my mind.PIRRO: Yes. And more than one percent. All right, our big tech future is all just a scam. Amazon's cashierless checkout was a bunch of baloney.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: So much for our cool tech future. Amazon is ditching its cashierless checkout system that let people grab groceries off the shelf and just walk out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We used computer vision, deep learning algorithms, and sensor fusion much like you'd find in self-driving cars. We call it just walkout technology.(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: It turns out there isn't really any A.I. magic at all. Amazon reportedly relied on a thousand people in India watching videos to ensure accurate checkouts. So, they really just outsourced the cashiers.Dana, you love this story?PERINO: Well, I think it's great. I mean, I love this concept because I like to be able to get in and out. I've used one of these at an airport. I think -- I think it was Newark. I'm like, oh, wow, this is amazing. But then I found out something today that's pretty hilarious. So, if you're my height, you often have to ask somebody to reach something for you.And apparently, it was -- like, there was a lot of confusion in India as to who should get charged because is it the tall person who reached it and gave it to the shorter person and there -- and it caused like some billing issues which I thought was pretty funny.PIRRO: But how do you know it caused billing issues? Did they charge you or the other guy?PERINO: Because at an investors' conference, Amazon had to admit this at their thing.PIRRO: Which is ridiculous.TARLOV: Well, that they're doing it?PIRRO: What are they going to do? If they have a thousand people watching you in India, what are they going to do, arrest you?TARLOV: Well, they flag it. They don't let you -- because you can't get out the turn style unless you've paid.PIRRO: Is that it? Because I've seen in airports that --TARLOV: There's no open -- you have to get in and out through --PIRRO: You do?TARLOV: Like, you put your receipt on the --PIRRO: OK.PERINO: Yes.TARLOV: Greg?GUTFELD: It is creepy because the whole point is you think you're alone but there are room full -- room full of people watching you. And I do a lot of things when I assume I'm alone, you know, that I -- all of a sudden, I'm going, wow, they watched me do that? Sometimes I scratch a certain place.But it does raise this amazing question. It's a -- it's mind-blowing. So, why didn't Amazon tell anybody? So, what if all tech is a fraud, right? That the Internet isn't really what you think it is but it's actually two billion people all doing this all at the same time. So, when I go, I'm going to Google how tall is Dana Perino. When I think that, I put it into Google, but actually there's about a thousand people running around in this giant library underground going oh, my God. And then they put it back.What if you thought you had a self-driving car. I have a self-driving car. But there's a tiny person under the hood that's going like this. Think about this. Think about how you can fool everybody with A.I., that there is no A.I.PERINO: Right.GUTFELD: That it's actually billions of people enslaved.PERINO: In India.TARLOV: Jesse?WATTERS: I don't think we should be enslaving Indians, Greg.GUTFELD: Oh, I never said that. Jessica said that during the break.WATTERS: I don't know. I like being watched especially by Indians.GUTFELD: You like to watch.WATTERS: Some of my --TARLOV: What?WATTERS: -- best work is done when I'm watched by Indians. So, watch all you want.PIRRO: Watch on.TARLOV: We have to leave for everyone's sake.WATTERS: Watch on.TARLOV: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." I'll go first. So, you know what they say, Greg, if it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, waddles like a duck, it's a duck. But not in this case. Look at this little dog. He grew -- he grew up with ducks, and so this is how he walks. He's so cute this little dog.PIRRO: He's adorable.GUTFELD: Are you sure he's OK?PERINO: I think he's all right. And I don't think he's scratching. OK, I was also a guest on the Bet On You Podcast talking about career growth. Spotify or Apple podcast if you want to give that a listen. Jessica?TARLOV: Awesome. All right, so, check this out. Dozens of skydivers jumping from a plane in Arizona and literally lighting up the night sky. The daredevils use pyro technics to create a dazzling show, almost like human sparklers. They floated through the air wearing suits covered with LED lights and spark -- isn't that cool?PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: -- attached to their ankles. The glowing group known as Max Pyro 2.0 set two new world records with their mesmerizing nighttime jump.GUTFELD: What's that do to our environment, Jessica. Think about the planet for once.TARLOV: I just begged you to be nice about one OMT --GUTFELD: No, never.TARLOV: -- that I do.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: My turn. Oh, it's going to be a great show. Look who's on tonight, Dana Perino. Who's that? I don't know. Jamie Lissow, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, the all-star 10:00 p.m.Here we go. Greg's Itchy Porcupine News. People know that I have a fetish, that I can actually feel it when other people are scratching an itch. Like, if somebody starts scratching it itch, that feels so good right now. Like, I can tell. Look at his little face. That's a porcupine. Rico is his name, at the Cincinnati Zoo. He loves to get scratched. Rico Suave is what they call him around the zoo.WATTERS: Suave.GUTFELD: You know that the quills are not dangerous to the touch?WATTERS: What?GUTFELD: But they will penetrate skin.TARLOV: They don't hurt?GUTFELD: But --PERINO: You got to -- you can't rub them the way.GUTFELD: Exactly, Dana.PERINO: You know what they say.GUTFELD: You're so right. You know if it quacks like a porcupine --PERINO: Then you're in big trouble. Jesse?WATTERS: You had a quill pen back in the day, right, Judge?PIRRO: Yes, I did back in the day.WATTERS: Happy birthday, Greg.GUTFELD: Oh, thank you.WATTERS: Not you. We call him Big Greg, my father-in-law, Emma's dad. He is the best. We love you. And thank you for just being the best to everybody.PERINO: He's the best.WATTERS: He is the best.TARLOV: The best.WATTERS: Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Johnny went to the Auto Show.TARLOV: Boy, all right.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS PRODUCER: What kind of car do you drive?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I have a Corvette.BELISARIO: Do you keep classified documents in your Corvette?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Always. That's like -- no, actually, I can't tell you where I put them.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: 8:00.PERINO: Judge, they said save your OMT.PIRRO: Yes. They just said to me save it for tomorrow.PERINO: It must be a good one.PIRRO: It's a clueless criminal.PERINO: Because she is a gifted --PIRRO: And they are all over.PERINO: She is gifted at ONE MORE THING.All right, that's it for us. Have a great night!