BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "ONE NATION": Hi, everyone. Welcome to ONE NATION. I'm Brian Kilmeade.I'm pumped up. We've got a great show. I'll give you an idea. You're going to meet three people you've never met before, but kind of wish you did. These are the founders of The School of Hard Knocks, all over social media. Three kids under 25, who will give you great hope for Generation Z.Meanwhile, I want to start with this. These two words, blurred lines. I'm not talking about Robin Thicke's one-hit wonder, although it's a very good song, which I'm tired of hearing, I'm talking about tide changing type of blurred lines, all relating to this election in November.Now, look, if you told me that Governor Mike Huckabee is going to support Donald Trump, I would say no surprise. If you said Rachel Maddow was going to back Biden, not breaking news, but this week, what really stood out to me is how many people are starting to actually blur the ideological lines and have paused their traditional march down partisan lanes. Let me explain.CNN's Fareed Zakaria, very smart guy, Trump hater, called out NBC for firing Ronna McDaniel, pointed out the double standard. Listen.(REAL TIME/HBO VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)FAREED ZAKARIA, CNN HOST, "FAREED ZAKARIA GPS": And if you're going to say, you're going to de-platform 85 million Americans, that's a lot of people. They say, no, it's not about that, it is that she lied.Well, you know, Bill Clinton lied under oath. I think last time I checked, he has been on MSNBC. They say, well, she's --(LAUGHTER)(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)ZAKARIA: Well, she's an election denier. Well, Stacey Abrams was an election denier about her own election, and they've had her on.Liberals often trigger backlash when they use illiberal means to get to their ends.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Kind of surprising, right? Independent challenger, Robert Kennedy, Jr. blew CNN's mind and probably yours, too when he said this about who is a threat to America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I can make the argument, President Biden is a much worse threat to democracy, and the reason for that is President Biden is the first candidate in history, the first president in history that has used the federal agencies to censor political speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: CNN almost cut the cable on that one. It is true. They look at Joe Biden as moral. He looks at Joe Biden is more of a threat to democracy, a guy he has known for 40 years and of course, Kennedy is a Democrat.Now "The Daily Show's" Jon Stewart ripped MSNBC apart from their hysterical overreaction to Donald Trump posting a video of a pickup truck depicting a bound Joe Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JON STEWART, "THE DAILY SHOW" HOST: That's what was so disturbing and dehumanizing you wouldn't show it on television? An airbrushed Biden decal on the back of a truck. Are you the same networks that show reruns of 9/11 every year?(LAUGHTER)ALI VELSHI, MSNBC HOST: So if you're driving behind it, it would appear as if Joe Biden were actually restrained on the vehicle's flatbed.(LAUGHTER)STEWART: If you think that's really Joe Biden tied up on the back of the pickup truck, I don't know that you have the mental acuity to be operating a motor vehicle.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Actor, Michael Rapaport, once very far left has put voting for Donald Trump on the table all because of President Biden's terrible policies on crime, immigration, Israel.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL RAPAPORT, COMEDIAN: My political views have changed immensely. I will not vote for Joe Biden.At this point, when we're doing this interview, voting for Trump is on the table. I will not support anybody who is anti-Israel. I will not support anybody that is anti-making America safe, that is cool with the fact that I've got to show my ID at least three or four times at the airport, but it takes you two minutes to cross the border. I'm not down with that (bleep).I'm not down with police officers in the greatest city on Earth getting beaten up.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Isn't it almost gratifying to see people just having a sober, instead of a partisan reaction? Even SNL finally realized they can mock President Biden about his age, at least one writer realized he is old.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RAMY YOUSSEF, COMEDIAN, "SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE": Joe has an awareness issue.(LAUGHTER)YOUSSEF: I mean, Joe is aware, that's like a Nobel Peace Prize. I mean, they give him an extra 10 in a microwave. He's just lit up.(LAUGHTER)YOUSSEF: He would be like, I ride the train. You're like, sick, where is it going?(LAUGHTER)YOUSSEF: And you never find out.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yep. I found all of this very refreshing. So could it be, the mass media is beginning to realize not everything Donald Trump says and does is outrageous and most of what President Biden utters is inaudible and his lack of availability to the press unacceptable.In closing, a message to all media outlets, we've got seven months left to fight this out. You can't change the candidates, but you can change how you cover the candidates and when it comes to Trump, just a suggestion, why not try calling balls and strikes? Let's blur the ideological lines and make Trump and Biden earn your vote. You deserve it. Don't let anyone tell you how to vote, or tell you what to think.Joining us right now is former Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy.And Mr. Speaker, great to see.I was just wondering this past week, do I have too much hope that maybe they're tired of overreacting to everything Trump says and will start calling balls and strikes with Joe Biden?KEVIN MCCARTHY (R), FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: I never give up hope on America, especially when you're talking about the highest office in the land. I think you just pointing that out helps clear up quite a bit, that they always want to take a clip of what President Trump says but never all the way through.Well, that just means you are trying to cheat to get a vote. Why don't you win on the merits of the idea and let the idea win at the end of the day, then America will win on that basis.KILMEADE: What I find kind of interesting is, you could say I feel like I'm winning, or I feel like I'm losing, but when you're presented with hard numbers that shows you're losing, at least admit it and tell us what you're doing about it or what you don't like about the poll.But listen to the Bidens' reaction to these poll results that show the president -- the former president winning in almost every battleground state.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GAYLE KING, CBS NEWS ANCHOR: There is not a part of you that's a little worried because it seems to be off kilter a little bit.DR. JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY ODF THE UNITED STATES: No. I feel that Joe will be re-elected.KING: Okay.TONY DOKOUPIL, CBS NEWS ANCHOR: But when these polls like "The Wall Street Journal" one land in the White House, and he is losing all the battleground states.JILL BIDEN: No, he is not losing in all the battleground states.DOKOUPIL: All but one.JILL BIDEN: He is coming up and he's even or doing better.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We are winning this election for a number of reasons that have everything to do with our commitment to our country and foundational principles and values.We are the ones who understand what is at stake in this election.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Mr. Speaker, they're not winning.MCCARTHY: No, they are in denial. I mean, poll after poll and the interesting part, too, if you dwell further down, I mean, if you go to like Nevada or Pennsylvania, they're not just losing in the polls, they're now losing in registration.They're down like 200,000 of Democrat registration compared to Republicans in the last cycle in Pennsylvania. And these are states they're winning by 50,000 or 70,000 votes. I mean, really, when you look at those swing states, it is pretty clear, President Trump has carried those for a number of months now, and that is concerning.And if you sit back and say, no, they're not. You can't fix the problem, the first solution is acknowledge you have a problem, then go after to try to fix it.KILMEADE: Yes, very interesting. You're a prolific fundraiser. I don't know how the House replaces you or the Republicans replace you and even your enemies know that.But so far, the RNC had a pretty good March, $65 million, they're getting their feet underneath them. Total campaign cash, $93 million. I don't know the exact numbers for March on the DNC yet, but they almost double that. How much is that going to hurt the Republicans?MCCARTHY: Well, we can make it up. And that's what we need to do. We don't always have to -- we don't have to have more money, we just have to have a good message.And remember, this election is going to be about Joe Biden and the job he has done. It's a report card on him. And the number one issue out there is the border, and he has created this problem.There is no new policy that passed in the House or Senate that he signed. The House passed a very secure bill, but he is ignoring that problem as well.You find that you won't need as much money, but we need enough to get the message out. They are trying to drain all the money from President Trump, putting him in these false cases into court after court and drain his money.That's why the primary is over, if we unite, help the RNC and the NRCC, and I'd always tell you, your very first dollar should go directly to the candidate, because that's the most powerful money you have, because the candidate gets to reserve TV time at a lower rate than anybody else. Help them defend themselves.And I'm still out there helping candidates raise money and I'm going to make sure it's easier for Republicans to win more seats in Congress this cycle than it was for the last two cycles.KILMEADE: It's going to be a huge week in the House and for the country and for our foreign policy.Speaker Johnson says he is going to try and get Ukraine aid on the floor. Israel aid in the Senate could be tough. Ukraine aid amongst Republicans is going to be tough. What is he going to get in return? He's talking about getting maybe unfreezing the leases on drilling for natural gas. How do you see this playing out?MCCARTHY: Well, I think you have to be strategic about this, and first of all, as Americans sit back and remember, where do we currently sit in the world? It looks a lot like the 1930s.You have Russia, China, Iran and North Korea bounding together in an Axis of Evil. They are looking for weakness in America. Israel was attacked on October 7th, and at no time should we ever waver on our support for Israel.I think they made a mistake by not funding Israel earlier. I would utilize -- we have the ability to help Ukraine with no American troops. That's what's been happening, but at the time secure our own border.KILMEADE: But Mr. Speaker, we know that, but these people that you really like and are your friends, conservative Republicans no way want to vote for Ukraine aid, so does Speaker Johnson just get Democrats, a handful of Republicans and pass it anyway?And if that does in fact, happen, Marjorie Taylor Greene says she is going to look to recall him like Matt Gaetz did to you.MCCARTHY: No, but what she's doing is much different than what Matt Gaetz did. She didn't make it privilege, so it is not up for a vote and the one thing I've always found about Marjorie is she is a very serious legislator that deals with policy. And the best way to deal with anyone like that is sit down and talk to them.I don't believe the Speaker has spoken to Marjorie. I think if you sit down and discuss, you understand you have Congress that you don't control all, you have to find common ground in between and that can be done. Those are two conservatives that can do it.But the one thing I would tell you is, I knew back when I was there, we were going to be able to get border security with Ukraine. Right now, you're at a weaker hand, but they're just talking about Ukraine only.I think, there is a way to go about to bring everyone together on both sides, and you are the Majority, you are the Speaker, the Republicans are the Majority in the House. I wouldn't sit down with the other three leaders. Why elevate the Democratic leader to being Speaker? Go directly in with the president and negotiate. That's a stronger hand.That's what we did in the fiscal responsibility, how we cut $2 trillion, got welfare reform, all things that the Democrats would never agree to, but you use the strength of the majority to get itSo don't sit back and say, what can I do? Be the Majority and sit back and say this is what we're going to do and negotiate it from a strong position instead of a weak position.KILMEADE: And just on line this really quick, you do not believe Marjorie Taylor Greene is going to go through with it.MCCARTHY: Well, Marjorie didn't make it privileged.KILMEADE: Yes.MCCARTHY: What she did is she sat down a marker and the best thing anybody could do is go sit down and talk to her. She has policy issues. There is a way to find common ground.KILMEADE: Gotcha.MCCARTHY: We did it every day when we secured the border, Parents Bill of Rights, our energy bill, stopping DC from lowering their criminal punishments.KILMEADE: Right.MCCARTHY: I mean, we were successful after six -- those first nine months were very successful --KILMEADE: Gotcha.MCCARTHY: In a very small majority. We can do it again.KILMEADE: Mr. Speaker, always great to see you. I know if the former president becomes the future president, I know he's going to be calling 1- 800-KEVIN-MCCARTHY, at least I hope he does.Thanks so much, Mr. Speaker.MCCARTHY: Thank you, Brian.KILMEADE: All right, meanwhile this. Serious crimes playing out before our eyes, thanks to soft-on-crime policies across the country, especially in big cities and migrant criminals are taking advantage of it.I'll give you some examples. Look at Illinois. This man illegally crossing the border two weeks -- for two weeks, and now charged with killing his wife nearly chopping off her head in front of her kids.In the Bronx, migrant squatters in possession of guns and drugs were arrested, then set free.And let's not forget this disgraceful video of migrants beating up NYPD officers. I don't have to tell you we have big problems when it comes to putting criminals in jail controlling our borders. We see it every day.My next guest calls out his own party, almost every chance he gets because he wants border security as much as anyone I know, that's pretty much his district.Joining us right now is one of our favorite guests, Texas Democrat, Henry Cuellar.Congressman, great to see you.Now, we were just talking about border security and building a wall. We're talking about saving our cities from migrant criminals, some of which are affiliated with gangs.What's your reaction to how this has really gotten more serious?REP. HENRY CUELLAR (D-TX): Well, you know, first of all, I'm against crime, whether it's by migrants or non-migrants. Any sort of crime, we need to support our men and women in blue and support them all the way.Stay away from defunding the police, that's a crazy position to take, but I would say this, when it comes to migrants, anybody that comes in and violates our laws, they should be arrested and deported.I'm looking at the videos that you have shown and people that don't respect our country should not even spend a second in our country and should be immediately jailed and deported.KILMEADE: I know and we agree on that, but it is mostly Democratic mayors, Democratic judges who don't have the same view, and these cops no longer want to deal with it if they're not going to be backed up.You saw these Venezuelans giving us the finger as they were let out after beating up on the cops. You see what is happening with the squatters in the Bronx. You see what's happening.Now you've got a mayor in Chicago who says, I can take up to 700,000 illegal immigrants. We just want to get them jobs. How does that act like a magnet for future illegals?CUELLAR: You know, if you don't prosecute migrants when they violate the law, then of course it becomes a magnet. Look what happened in El Paso, two or three weeks ago when the migrants attacked DPS and the state guard, that is wrong.And you know, when you kick somebody or assault them or try to take their guns away, those migrants that attacked the DPS and the state guard, which I support them all the way, I support our state guard and DPS, those folks should be prosecuted, and I hope that the local district attorney does that.But again, that type of reaction, I can't speak for anybody else but I can speak for myself, that anybody that violates a law in this case, we're talking about migrants, they should not spend a second in the United States if they don't respect our own laws.KILMEADE: Congressman, has the White House reached out to you directly and asked you, Henry, how do I solve this?CUELLAR: Well, you know, not lately. You know, we have had opportunities, but I will say this -- I will say this. I certainly will be offering -- willing to offer my ideas to anybody that is willing to listen.And I can tell you in the House Appropriations, David Joyce, Republican and I worked out a good Homeland Appropriations Bill.KILMEADE: I know, Congressman, until they call you, they're not serious. Instead, they try to primary you, which is nuts.Just to give you an idea how much it is costing cities, so you might see this as a Texas problem. If you look at what its cost, for example, in $60 million plus over in Denver, $180 million allocated for food and shelter, 10 percent of the city's annual budget. You look at Los Angeles.They give medical care, full medical coverage to every illegal immigrant and they give them a thousand dollars a month in an experimental program, giving them fixed income and in New York City, $1.47 billion spent on temporary food and housing, $53 million on debit cards and experimental program to see what happens if we give illegal immigrants cash to spend how they want.Now, if I'm sitting there in El Salvador, Ecuador; if I'm sitting there in Nicaragua, why would I not come here? Do they not understand the magnet that they create? Final thought.CUELLAR: Yes, certainly. It becomes a magnet. I mean, I know. You know, we're supposed to care for folks, but in this case, it becomes a magnet. It becomes a magnet that attracts more people, and this is why it's important to note that out of the -- you have 100 people that go to New York, and at the end of four, five, six years, an immigration judge is going to reject 87 to 90 percent of them.So why are we allowing a hundred percent of them in and when it should be in small numbers, it becomes a magnet, get to the border, you'll go to New York or somewhere else. They're going to provide you everything.And guess what? They're not going to touch you for the next four, five, six years.KILMEADE: I'm overtime, but real quick. Did President Biden and his administration want this? They had -- the terminology they used taking off is, show they wanted to be more welcoming to refugees. Are they on some level happy that they have 7.3 million illegals in our country since they got the keys to the Oval Office?CUELLAR: Well, you know, I can't speak for the White House, but I certainly don't think anybody wanted to have open borders. We don't want to see open borders. We need to enforce the laws that we have.I just finished talking to Border Patrol and you know what affects the morale the most? It is when they stop people. They detain people, and then they have catch-and-release. Catch-and-release has to be eliminated. Period.KILMEADE: I've been to the border three times -- all three times without coordination, you've been there. Because you care, by yourself, no staff. You're just trying to solve the problem.I wish people would call you and tap into you. Congressman Cuellar, thanks so much and have a great week.CUELLAR: Thank you so much, Brian.KILMEADE: Next, President Biden's policies are bad for families no matter what class you fall in, we will explain.And still to come, The School of Hard Knocks founders are here with the keys to success.Don't move. You're watching ONE NATION.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Over the last four years, what's the most amount of money that you've ever made in a single year?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: $10 million.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excuse me, sir. Quick question for you, man. Is this your Corvette?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, it is.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you ever been broke before?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Twice.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You became a millionaire at 20.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: Welcome back.Now to the hypocrisy in California. The state has got a new absurd fast- food minimum wage law. It is already causing restaurants to close and prices to hike.The state raising the minimum wage to $20.00 an hour, but why are the wages not going up? At Governor Gavin Newsom is luxury restaurant, Chef Gruel, famous also out in California is fired up. This is what he said on Fox Business' "The Bottom Line."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW GRUEL, CHEF AND RESTAURANT OWNER: The guy can't champion or you know stand behind all the things that he kind of virtue signals for, but that's just typical and I mean that actually applies not just to news and that applies to all of the politicians who are out there talking about, we need $50.00 minimum wage, but then the government workers themselves are only making fifteen, sixteen, seventeen dollars an hour.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: So you want to talk about impact along with hypocrisy. The owner of 10 Auntie Anne's Pretzel and Cinnabon Restaurants in the Bay Area say, the law will cost them $470,000.00 each year. Can't live like that.We know you know that parenting today is harder or feels harder than it's ever been before and it is no surprise that President Biden's policies are not helping at all as inflation shrinks the power of your dollar while prices continue to soar. How does that all link together?My next guest knows a thing or two about things like that. He's a dad of six. He's an AEI fellow and the author of this book and you're going to love it. The new book is called "Family Unfriendly: How Our Culture Made Raising Kids Much Harder Than It Needs To Be." Tim Carney, welcome.TIM CARNEY, AUTHOR, "FAMILY UNFRIENDLY": Hey, thanks for having me.KILMEADE: All right, so first off, how are governmental policies making parenting more challenging?CARNEY: Well, one thing that we really need is the ability to buy a house, and there are so many regulations that make it hard to build something like a starter home that a young family can enter into.And now Biden is talking for some subsidy that will just drive up the prices further, like all of his policies do as well. And a lot of communities, they just don't build the playgrounds, the sidewalks. You remember, when we were kids, we would just ride our bikes around town. Now increasingly, they're building and so it's just not a family friendly place for kids to walk and bike. And then the police are saying, oh, well, you shouldn't let your kids wander the neighborhood anyway.So on all these levels, top to bottom, there's all of these obstacles.KILMEADE: You know, you also say this, when people focus on daycare, we need more daycare. And you say, well, you know what we need, like a lot of moms would rather be home. And rather than getting more daycare and making it affordable, maybe they, if they wanted that option, wanted to make it affordable to stay home.CARNEY: Exactly.The Biden administration has pushed to subsidize daycare. And in Vermont, in fact, they wanted to pull money out of a child tax credit. So just instead of letting families keep more of their income, they said, no, we could use that money, subsidize daycare.Well, I studied all of the economies in Northern Europe that did this. What they ended up doing was just subsidizing work, and then making it so that fewer people had babies because it is shifting the society away from family. Subsidizing daycare is not subsidizing families, it is subsidizing industry and subsidizing work.KILMEADE: And we need the average family to have 2.7 kids, we get 1.7 because people don't really see it.First off, now let's talk about something else, which I can really relate to. You know the travel team syndrome. You think the travel team thing. Kids getting involved in sports, there's too much negatives to it.You said your kid tried out. You didn't think they were going to make it. The next thing you know, they made it. What did you discover about travel sports?CARNEY: The first thing the coach said in this winter workout for baseball was baseball isn't fun, winning is fun. And then sure enough, you see parents they think so much is at stake. If their kid doesn't get playing time, they start screaming at the coach. If they think their kid gets called out on a bad call by the umpire, they start screaming at the umpire.We are talking about 12-year-old kids and adults unable to keep it together because instead of sports being about building character, they think that it's some path to a D-1 scholarship or a major league contract.KILMEADE: Yes. One thing we just saw is Shawne Merriman, former linebacker, NFL linebacker who just witnessed this parent coming out of the stands defending their kid after a fight on the court. Then they went after the coach.The whole thing descends into chaos, and people who were all out there are getting sued. Look at that. This is a youth game that means nothing. People don't understand it.Lastly, not that we live our lives through Hollywood, but I think it's significant to know how many Hollywood families have picked up and left. They have the money and they're choosing to live elsewhere.We're talking about Matthew McConaughey, you've got Gosling, you've got Wahlberg, Dean Cain -- deciding they want a simpler life for their kids. Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban, and they're moving. Do you think there's something to learn from that?CARNEY: Absolutely. That we are over scheduling our children, that we are putting too much pressure on parents, and that what children need is an expansive childhood full of freedom, not this over program thing where we give them enrichment at every second.KILMEADE: Right, and if you think about it, they just want a normal life for their kids because they know how Hollywood can actually change them, that success shaped them.Hey, Tim, congratulations on the book. It's so important. A lot of parents here today are going to be picking it up. I appreciate it. Tim Carney, thank you.CARNEY: Thank you.KILMEADE: All right, still to come. We will reveal the world's worst neighbor in America. Don't worry. It is all going to make sense, it is all part of News Duel.And this question, have you ever wondered how the wealthy became wealthy? Well, The School Of Hard Knocks takes to the streets to find out and is here to share the secrets with us, so don't move.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Marianne Rafferty in Los Angeles.Thousands of protesters once again taking to the streets of Tel Aviv this weekend calling on the Israeli government to reach a deal with Hamas to free dozens of hostages. Demonstrators are also demanding early elections.Tomorrow marks six months since Hamas staged a surprise attack on Israel setting off half a year of conflict.The group took about 250 people hostage, more than 130 are still being held captive. Prime Minister Netanyahu is vowing to destroy Hamas and bring all hostages home.Donald Trump raking in the big bucks tonight at a re-election fundraiser in Palm Beach, Florida. His campaign saying it raised more than $50 million breaking President Biden's new fundraising record that was set just over a week ago.Democrats though continue to have the financial advantage. They reportedly have about $100 million on hand more than Republicans do.I'm Marianne Rafferty. Now back to ONE NATION.KILMEADE: Welcome back.Three guys under 25 years old, grew up together, parents serving in the military. The two brothers and their friend support each other everywhere they went. They became Eagle Scouts together and then wanted to continue to be successful in life.But the question was, how?So they had an idea. Why don't they find out from the people that are successful even if those people didn't know they were coming?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excuse me, sir. Quick question for you, man. Is this your Corvette?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, it is.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excuse me, sir. Question for you, man. Is this your yacht?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes, yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And what do you do for a living out in Miami to be able to afford a yacht, man?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I run a health care company.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excuse me, guys. Question for you. Are you guys business owners?Can I ask you a couple of questions?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You can, but I'm not in your league though.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you ever been broke before?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Twice.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I've been broke. And I'm not afraid of being broke. Matter of fact, the most dangerous person in any room is the broke mother (bleep). Because the broke mother (bleep) has nothing to lose and everything to gain.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You became a millionaire at 20.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes. A lot of people are scared. Like when they make a little bit of money, they want to keep the money. But normally, you have to actually reinvest it back into the business.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Standing out is the most important thing. AI is going to replace commonality. You've got to use your brain.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People buy from people they like.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Now three years later, they have created one of the largest business finance media channels across all social media, with over a billion views, and four million followers. But most of all, they are inspiring America's next generation to take risks, and get involved and try to be successful.Joining us now, the co-founder of The School of Hard Knocks media company, James Dumoulin Jack Dumoulin, and Josh Smith. Welcome, guys.JAMES DUMOULIN, CO-FOUNDER, THE SCHOOL OF HARD KNOCKS MEDIA COMPANY: Thanks for having us.JACK DUMOULIN, CO-FOUNDER, THE SCHOOL OF HARD KNOCKS MEDIA COMPANY: How are you doing?JAMES SMITH, CO-FOUNDER, THE SCHOOL OF HARD KNOCKS MEDIA COMPANY: Thank you so much.KILMEADE: Inspiring to see on Instagram. That's where I saw you, James, tell me who got that -- whose idea was this?JAMES DUMOULIN: So the three of us were very entrepreneurial. You know, we grew up in the Washington, DC area, which is very structured. You know, it's very centered around a lot of government jobs, contracting, politics.I tell people, hey, you want to go work for a federal agency? DC is the place to be. If you want to do your own thing, you've got to get out of DC.So because we had similar values, right, you mentioned that we were all Eagle Scouts together, grew up in the same Boy Scout troop. You know, always stayed in contact, even when Jack moved out to Austin.And we went back and forth. We're like, hey, man, we really need to do something together and we landed on let's do something in media, right? Content creation, the creator economy is going to be a $500 billion industry in the next few years. We're like, we can go all in.We started to really understand the social algorithms and because we were doing our own thing, we're like, let's start a channel together.It started around just the three of us creating content about business, quickly realized that, hey, most people don't care about three young 20- year-old kids talking about business. Let's go seek out these industry experts, people that have ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty years of experience that we can pass on. And that's what we did.KILMEADE: What I like is, Jack, you didn't go for the famous, you just say, hey, that's a Maserati. That guy has got to be successful. That's a mansion, that's a yacht. They've got to be successful.What are the types of things you ask? What did you discover?JACK DUMOULIN: Absolutely. So the two main objectives of the channel was to be able to help younger children and people in college and young adults get better at financial literacy and career mentorship.So we went up to them, introduced ourselves, we were respectful, and just wanted to make a quick connection. It'd be like, hey, we have a good cause. This isn't a joke for social media, TikTok, what have you. We actually really want to help, you know, the younger generation of entrepreneurs and people coming up be able to achieve financial and great career success.KILMEADE: Some commonality, Josh. They all took risks. Almost everybody you seem to talk to had lost it all and they all battled back.SMITH: Absolutely, because that's the thing is that you have to take risks in order to be successful. There is always that chance that things won't work out, but even if things don't go your way, you're not starting from scratch. You're starting with experience on the next venture.KILMEADE: Right? So James, you walked up to Dr. D. He is on a yacht. Did you know anything about him?JAMES DUMOULIN: I didn't. I didn't know anything about him. No.KILMEADE: So here's how it went.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES DUMOULIN: Over the last four years, what's the most amount of money that you've ever made in a single year?DR. D: $10 million. About five years ago, broke out of my mind, like crazy broke, somebody asked me and my wife to do a photo shoot for a charter company here in Miami. And it was on a yacht, whatever and I kept the pictures because I had never even been on a yacht.And I put one of them as a screensaver and just kept hustling and doing all this stuff and envisioning, and about two months ago, actually, I looked at the picture and it says same exact yacht.So when you talk about what's crazy about owning a yacht, the manifestation part.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: So that's what you learned, visualization.JAMES DUMOULIN: I mean, you learn visualization, but you also realize that a lot of these people, man, you know they all have their own path, they all have their own story, and their own journey, right?A lot of people, just because you come from zero or you don't come from anything, it doesn't matter, right? And one thing that you mentioned earlier about taking the risk is if you look at the top 400 people on the Forbes list, the majority of the people on that list are willing to go to negative $4 million to be successful.So it just goes to show, man, that people are willing to put it all on the line and betting on themselves,KILMEADE: Jack, what I think is so cool is that nobody asks people how they got it, they just assume, oh, he is rich, she is rich. You ask people how they got it? Do they want to tell their stories?JACK DUMOULIN: The crazy thing is, is a lot of people that we interview, they've never had the opportunity to be able to share.KILMEADE: They didn't say it, right?JACK DUMOULIN: Yes, they've never been asked, they've had this incredible career in finance, tech, real estate. Maybe they started, you know, a global tech startup that took off, and they just have never gotten in front of the camera to share that story.And so we give them the opportunity. And there are valuable lessons packed in that career that can now be shared with the world because of these interviews.KILMEADE: Right, and Josh, what did you take away?SMITH: The biggest things that I've taken away, not only from just Dr. D, but also just from our channel is that people are willing to give back, all you have to do is actually take that shot and ask.Because people, you know, they have their own experiences. They're starting from many different places. Some people come from money, some people start from absolute zero, but they all have their own lessons to share. And when you compare those lessons from our channel, there's a lot to learn.JAMES DUMOULIN: And just to add on to that as well. I wanted to say one more thing is that there's a big misconception that very wealthy, very successful people don't want to tell their secrets or don't want to give back. When in reality, we found that they are some of the most willing people to provide value and really give back to the younger generation.KILMEADE: And what has happened to your channel, Jack?JACK DUMOULIN: Absolutely. I mean, we started doing the interviews one after another, got 100,000 views, 100,000 views and then now we're pretty much averaging a million views on every interview that we post. It's been phenomenal to see the impact around the world of people being able to get to learn from these industry experts.KILMEADE: On what medium? Is it Instagram? I saw you on Instagram. Josh, where do you get most of your hits? Instagram?SMITH: Yes, well, our biggest platform right now is Instagram, but you can find us on Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, and YouTube.KILMEADE: And lastly, what do you say to your generation? Sometimes we think, we end the show, we think -- we look at your generation, Generation Z.JAMES DUMOULIN: Gen Z.KILMEADE: And we say, where's the work ethic? Where's the drive? Do you also say that?JAMES DUMOULIN: You know, I would say like if I had a message for our generation, what I would say is number one, procrastination is the assassination of all destination.You can't procrastinate about anything. Some of the best advice that I ever received was from a millionaire in Orlando, Florida, when I asked him the blueprint of becoming a millionaire in today's world. And he says, no, actually, Brian, Brian, do you know where the most valuable piece of real estate is?KILMEADE: I don't know.JAMES DUMOULIN: It's in graveyards, because there's billion dollar ideas sitting in the ground for people that never took action. So I would just say, nobody is coming to save you. I don't care who you are. You have to earn this yourself.JACK DUMOULIN: If you're a young kid coming out of college, this is the time that you need to not play it safe. You need to actually -- life has given you a hand where you know you might not have wife and kids, you might have might not have the husband, you have a chance right now to really go all in on your dreams and make something happen for yourself and so go all in.KILMEADE: Awesome. Josh, lastly, what do your parents think? Are they thrilled?SMITH: Yes, they're shocked. They can't believe it because it started out with like e-mail, they are maybe a little unsure what's this kind of like social media things because you know, they're a little bit older. But now that they've seen the growth and you've seen the impact, it's amazing.KILMEADE: I'm honored to be your first TV interview. All right, we did you on radio, I'm honored. Thanks so much for being on ONE NATION, guys.Best of luck, but you don't need it. Follow them at The School of Hard Knocks and be inspired. Thanks.All right, meanwhile, I'm going to hit the stage and talk about history of this great country. You just saw three great examples. History, Liberty & Laughs.I'm going to be in Henderson, Nevada. It's right outside The Strip. I want to see you live on stage. We're going to bring great moments in history to life in a fun entertaining way, including my last book, Teddy and Booker T. Go to Brian Kilmeade.com. I will see you there.VIP opportunities still exist.Still to come on this show, if I read the rundown right, the News Duel with Julie Banderas and that's the wonderful headshot she gave us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: Best animation on television. It is time for the News Duel, the hottest story everybody is talking about, but just not on television. Here to duel out with us is one of our favorites, Fox News anchor, the extraordinaire, Julie Banderas is here and that's how I have to introduce you.JULIE BANDERAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: That's right.KILMEADE: Like Marvelous Marvin Hagler.BANDERAS: Thank you.KILMEADE: That's how I describe you.BANDERAS: I appreciate that.KILMEADE: Are you ready?BANDERAS: Yes. No, I am ready.KILMEADE: So why don't you ask them to cue the music and start?BANDERAS: Oh, cue the music, spaghetti.KILMEADE: All right, let's start. You want to see the trashiest house in America in the nicest neighborhood you'll probably ever never, never want to be in. That's Fairfax California. Right where CBS is in Beverly Hills.This is the home of a guy disguised as a nice man. Finally, guys just arrived in hazmat suits and started cleaning the place up. People were amazed because they didn't know it was possible, but look at that Julie, worst neighbor you can imagine right?BANDERAS: It looks like my kids bedroom about a day after the housekeeper left our house.KILMEADE: I mean, even the odd couple, Oscar Madison's house is in this bend. Evidently shocking, it smelled.BANDERAS: It's in California. What do you expect.KILMEADE: Right. But in a neighborhood like that, you thought just criminals and burglaries was something you have to worry about. Next.BANDERAS: All right, let's go on to crazy weddings and I was a bit of a bridezilla, I'm going to be honest. I mean, I did have a registry at William Sonoma, but this one registry is out of control.This couple didn't want gifts. They said they have plenty of plates, I guess. So instead, they packed the registry with stuff like $11,000.00 for honeymoon, $3,000.00 in flights, $3,000.00 of home expenses, $500.00 in legal fees, hundreds of dollars of gift cards. I mean, it's crazy.KILMEADE: They've posted this on Reddit and people are outraged. It comes out to almost $28,000.00 and it turns out -- what do I need? Well, the guys, they wanted money? They wanted stuff. And this is what some of the people are saying.They said that they shouldn't just hide -- they should just hide the total amount. That's what's making him seem greedy. Other say minus the last item of gift cards. This could be $27,500.00, so what's the big deal? Two months of home expenses. Why not help out?BANDERAS: I would just like to also say this is a destination wedding in Italy and I have a theory. If you're having a destination wedding and people are paying thousands on their own flights and hotels, you shouldn't take gifts.KILMEADE: Really?BANDERAS: No. You absolutely should not. That's my feeling.KILMEADE: I just know this. When you ask people what to put in a registry, they were honest. So if you want to help them out, give them money.Next, let's talk -- we are talking a lot about the eclipse and a lot about the moon. So let's talk about what time it is on the moon because once you get there, you don't want to be late.It turns out, they are going to have a brand new time zone. NASA is working on this, and so is Europe. They want to make sure the atomic clocks that work on Earth work on the moon.Does it astound you that we're working on this, Julie?BANDERAS: I don't think anybody cares what time it is on the moon. I think we should work on Daylight Savings Time here on Earth.KILMEADE: Right.BANDERAS: And abolish that first and then maybe worry about the moon. When was the last time you were on the moon?KILMEADE: It's been a long time, and it's been a long time for anybody. We should go back and get a rocket that works, next.BANDERAS: All right, well, there's a California couple that's trying to clean up the mess out there because --KILMEADE: Which is admirable.BANDERAS: Our nation's infrastructure is obviously falling apart, the potholes are out of control. So this couple is actually taking it upon themselves to fill the holes because obviously the holes create problems with your vehicles, right? Your axle could fall off, you could bust a tire.KILMEADE: Alex and Daisy La Rosa thought they were doing a great thing. It turns out --BANDERAS: They are.KILMEADE: They got a cease and desist letter from the city of Compton saying among the other things that your actions have raised serious concerns as they pose a threat to public safety and integrity of our infrastructure. You should let the pros do it, they say.BANDERAS: The state of California actually poses a threat to public safety.KILMEADE: I agree.BANDERAS: Move out.KILMEADE: At least, we're here where it's safe in New York City.BANDERAS: Yes, no, I mean, we only have earthquakes, too.KILMEADE: And so welcome. Right. Earthquakes in New York, and eclipses on Monday. Julie, always great to see you.BANDERAS: All right. It is great to see you.KILMEADE: Follow wherever she goes. Meanwhile, up next on ONE NATION, something special. So I want you to keep it right here.Quick reminder, if you want to follow us during the week because we follow you, go to social media -- Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, whatever they're calling Twitter these days, Rumble all @Kilmeade and @OneNation.Don't move.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: And finally, it was a nice ride for the diversity and inclusion push in corporate America, but it seems interest is waning, thankfully.In 2020, as you remember, just after the George Floyd riots, you had a chief diversity officer, hottest position going and mentions of DEI in quarterly earnings calls were over 300.But as you see, this whole idea has really fallen big time and I couldn't be happier. AXIOS reporting that some businesses are even cutting back funding or trimming staff or just getting rid of the department altogether.I guess, hiring the best person for the job might actually be the best thing for your company. How original.But the government is a dollar late and a dollar short on the DEI news.Get this. The State Department is now asking for $83 million because they will want to expand the DEI this fiscal year. Get this, the State Department also announced a new diversity and inclusion officer. They're looking to pay him and fill that position.This coming on the heels of a leaked memo from Antony Blinken himself urging his staff to use gender neutral language and avoid phrases that can really be offensive. Hold your ears. Okay, you have a second? Brave men and women on the frontlines. Manpower, you guys, ladies and gentlemen, and mother, father, forget all those if you work in the State Department.That does it for us right now. We are a politically correct show. Send us some videos, whatever's on your mind and in turn will send some great stuff including The Stay Within Yourself mug, that's capturing the imagination of America. Perfect for Mother's Day.E-mail us at OneNation@fox.com I want you to tune into "Fox & Friends" tomorrow between six and 10. They keep on interviewing The Rock and Will Cain does a great job. Make sure you watch.Listen to my radio show from nine to noon. BrianKilmeadeShow.com and hopefully you're in a family of affiliates.Speaking of family, Jimmy Failla is ready to go with "Fox News Saturday Night," so watch.This camera is going to gradually go up and I'm going to walk out. Watch. Watch. Watch. Let's go.