BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: By Alabama Republican Senator Katie Britt. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this "SPECIAL REPORT." Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. A big night in Washington, DC, State of the Union night. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Washington tonight. We're just two hours away from what many of us hope will be Biden's last State of the Union address, and we've got a huge show for you tonight. Senator Josh Hawley is here. Larry Kudlow in the house. Vivek Ramaswamy and so many more. But first, spinning themselves dizzy. That is the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, truth be told the State of the Union, the speeches are rarely memorable and there's no real evidence that they help turn things around for flailing presidencies. But nevertheless, Biden's advisors are doing their best to propose ideas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think the top one should be the Inflation Reduction Act, reduced inflation. Good policy makes good politics, right? And he has good policy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Jobs, wages, everything going in the right direction economically.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The stock market is booming. Each blockbuster job report after blockbuster job report.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I don't think you guys need me. I was just listening to the commentary. I don't think you guys need me this morning.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, of course, KJP is right. Although, I might add that they do her job better than she does her job. And they don't even need to read any binder notes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CORNELL BELCHER, MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST: You look at sort of him having the most diverse government we've ever had. I think he has a good story tell that just got to do a really good job of talent.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can he tell it, yes, that's the question.BELCHER: Regardless of what happens in the State of the Union, what the guy to do tonight is, is win the after, they've got to win the spin.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Got to win the spin, as if there's any doubt that Biden will win the spin in our media landscape that we have now. Of course, he's going to, because our dishonest media includes anchors, reporters, and analysts who refuse to cover the border crisis for years till they had to, and they downplayed the risks of inflation, crime, and the damage that the radical trans movement is doing to our kids.So, the pre-speech build up is the best in my view, comedy going. Dave Chappelle should really take notes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM PEREZ, FORMER DNC CHAIR: I think you'll see a lot of energy from the President. Again, I'll remind you, John, last year, in real time, he schooled the Republicans who were talking about Medicare and Social Security; and made sure they committed to taking that off the table. That's the kind of energy you saw last year, that's kind of energy I see every day when I'm working with the President.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Prediction. In a few hours, the media will be lavishing praise on Biden. And if you can't watch the speech, you'll hear people saying that it was amazing how Biden knocked it out of the park, how he put -- to rest the doubts about his stamina. He nailed it. He was passionate. He did what he needed to do. It'll be right up there the speech at the end of all this with JFK's inaugural address in the Gettysburg Address. But we had a taste of this just a few days ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Start your tape right now, because I'm about to tell you the truth. And FU, if you can't handle the truth. This version of Biden intellectually, analytically, is the best Biden ever. Not a close second.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, this is delusional, and frankly, it's sad. Now, we're supposed to believe after seeing Biden in the last just three years span, that he's sharper than he was 37 years ago at the board confirmation hearings. All right, you be the judge.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Prior to the controversy over the Constitution has been over the basic question that is certain to animate the debate that may commence in this committee. And that is the debate between the tensions between the rights of an individual and the will of the majority.I guess I should clear my mind a little bit, not say what I'm really thinking.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. Of course, voters know that this spin, Biden is at the top of his game, it's just all lies. A new Pew Research poll shows that the people are seeing right through it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The biggest area of concern for Biden in these numbers. It's probably on questions like is he mentally sharp? 29 percent say that describes Joe Biden. Is he energetic? 24 percent say that describes Biden. And that underscores the challenge in potentially the opportunity that Joe Biden has with his speech tonight.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The opportunity to go from 26 to 28. Now, I'm actually shocked that NBC discussed Biden's numbers today, because it cuts against their own pro-Biden narrative. But numbers are numbers and when they're put in historical perspective, they're really bad for Biden.George W Bush won in 2004 with a 54 percent approval. Obama was a bit under 50 percent, and he beat Romney of course in 2012. Trump was at 46 percent approval in 2020. And of course, he lost to Biden. But now Biden, he's now sitting at just 37 present approval and just when you think that couldn't get worse historically, for Biden, it does.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you want to push the clock back a little bit further, the two relatively recent incumbents to be at the level Biden is now or lower in their reelection year, George HW Bush 1992, Jimmy Carter 1980, they were both defeated for reelection. So that's the historical challenge that Biden faces.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, the real challenge the Biden faces, is that the results of his policies are deeply unpopular and deeply damaging to the country. Open borders, lower wages, more trans stuff, more war, China embolden. So, any president, even a president at the top of his game and communicating would have a really hard time selling that as something good for America.And for that reason, his communications team, his comms team, which essentially runs the White House, reverts to endless posturing or gaslighting, and spin from their pals. They even tried bringing in fake presidents to help the real president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I never spoke to so many presidents all at one time. Some of you might know what a big speech I have to do is coming up - the State of the Union. Any advice you have for me, my delivery, my speech.MORGAN FREEMAN, ACTOR: Well, sir, in my capacity as president, all I had to deal with was a meteor.BILL PULLMAN, ACTOR: We just had invaders from out of space coming in.GEENA DAVIS, ACTRESS: I do feel I should just point out one thing, there's no crying in politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, I just want to stop for a moment. I'm going off teleprompter. There are really serious things happening around the world. Someone had an idea to spend a couple of hours, which is probably what that took with Biden especially, to bring in actors to kind of do a big roll up to the State of the Union. Two hours at least. That's their priority. But I mean, I've got to be fair, it's better than getting his economic ideas from let's say, Sesame Street.(VIDEO PLAYING) (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: He point out cookies or his cookies are getting smaller, paying the same price. I was stunned when I found out that what actually happened.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And what did Ernie and Bert say? Well, because Biden refused to change any of his policies, either on the border or runaway spending, or his anti-oil and gas agenda. Faking it is all they have. Trump's going to cancel elections forever, if he wins, America will have no allies in the world and my personal favorite, Trump will imprison his political enemies.Of course, that's precisely what they're trying to do. Oh, sorry. The people who want to ban gas cars and gas stoves, they're all about freedom.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: Look, you're going to hear the President address how our democracy is under attack, how our freedoms are certainly under attack. He's going to speak to what we've been seeing across the country as it relates to woman's health care.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Health care killing babies. All right, as I've said before, pot, porn, abortion, transgenderism, open borders, maybe throw in Ukraine. That pretty much sums up the agenda of today's Democratic Party. But one problem, none of that helps people pay their grocery bills, or fill up their gas tanks. Practical issues that are making life harder, not easier for the millions of Americans who probably aren't watching tonight because they're too busy working a second job or trying to figure out racking their brains how they're going to cover rent, and their car payments this month.Biden's spin, his friend's spin, not going to help them. Frankly, it insults them. And that's the Angle.Joining us now, Missouri Senator Josh Hawley. Senator, KJP gave up a little preview, gave us a preview of tonight's speech. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: It's going to be important for the American people to hear directly from him on his vision. How -- what he has done in the last three years. He's done more in the last three years, really, than most presidents have been able to do in their first -- in their two terms.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Well, he's done more in the last three years to open our border, let 9 million illegals cross, Laura. He has given away our entire auto industry to China. He has flatlined wages for American workers. I mean, we could just go on and on. The question is, has he done anything that's actually good for America? I can't think of a single thing.INGRAHAM: Well, these speeches tend to come and go and the bottom-line as I said in the Angle, people actually have to pay their bills and the spin I'm going to get into the economic stuff with Larry Kudlow coming up. But this idea that Americans -- America's democracy is on the line. Trump is Hitler. Trump is Pol Pot. Trump is Stalin. Trump's broke. That doesn't seem to be resonating at all, but I guess it's all they have.HAWLEY: Well, yes, that's all they have because when you've wrecked the economy like he's wrecked it and when you treated workers like he has. When you -- here's what he's doing, when you mandate that we use tax dollars to pay China to make electric vehicles we don't want and sell them back to us at a huge markup, when that's your economic policy, make China rich, make America poor. Yes, you've got to talk about the MAGA extremists and threats to democracy.The only threat to democracy is Joe Biden senility, and the fact he has weaponized his Justice Department to try to lock up anybody who opposes him.INGRAHAM: I tried to book Oscar from Sesame Street that lives in the garbage can, because that's why a lot of people feel like their family budget is. All right. Tonight, during the State of the Union, Biden is expected to announce that the U.S. military senator is going to build a port in Gaza. We have so much extra money. The development was revealed by senior administration officials leaking us before the State of the Union to discuss humanitarian aid for the Hamas controlled territory.Senator, Hamas is still holding American hostages, and this is a political move. Is it not on the part of this administration? Because they're bleeding support in Michigan and other places?HAWLEY: Yes, absolutely. This is Joe Biden tried to appeal to what I guess is his pro-Hamas base. I mean, you think about it, this is a guy who's so desperate for votes, he's willing to go out there, throw Israel under the bus. He's willing to go out and pretend there's some moral equivalence between what has happened to Israel on October 7th, and what the pro-Hamas fanatics are doing to their own people. I mean, if you want to blame somebody for what's happening in Gaza, blame Hamas, but instead, he's blaming Israel, it's all about votes.INGRAHAM: But when you go back home, when you talk to people in Missouri, some of them are hesitant about voting for President Trump. But I'm hearing more and more, you know, he gets it like simple comments that people make.HAWLEY: Yes.INGRAHAM: Even if they're annoyed by nicknames. He gets it and I think they mean he gets them what they're going to. Are you seeing that?HAWLEY: Yes, absolutely.INGRAHAM: Or is it just -- OK.HAWLEY: Well, and listen, I mean, it's not complicated. People want the border secure. They don't want drugs pouring into their country. They don't want 9 million illegals. They don't want people like Laken Riley being murdered in cold blood by illegal immigrants, Joe Biden let into the country. This isn't hard. They want to be safe. They want their families prosperous. Look at Donald Trump's record. Look at Biden's, I mean it's not much of a contrast.INGRAHAM: Now, MSNBC had more ideas today to make Biden appear more vigorous, including this one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK MCKINNON, FORMER ADVISOR TO GEORGE W. BUSH: I think that what he ought to do or try to do is do what he did last year, which is ad lib, go off script, show that he doesn't have to have a script and that's what a lot of people think is that Biden can't walk or talk without a script or chew gum. Though (ph) that he can act in the moment and that shows real mental acuity, it shows that he's on top of his game.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, who said Mark McKinnon wasn't a fan of Donald Trump? That's the best news Trump (inaudible) is Biden is going to go off script. I love the hat though.HAWLEY: Yes, very nice. Listen, I'm going to sit there in the State of the Union. I'll be enduring it along with much of the rest of America. And I would love to hear the President actually express an authentic comment. I mean, he's not capable of doing it, Laura. I mean, let's admit the truth. The guy is --INGRAHAM: I'll get in trouble --HAWLEY: -- not up to the job.INGRAHAM: I'll get in trouble if I answer any questions, he always says.HAWLEY: There you go and there is a reason.INGRAHAM: You hear that polling -- when he -- when he goes back to that microphone, that's always --HAWLEY: Walkaway.INGRAHAM: -- a bad day for the comms team.HAWLEY: Yes.INGRAHAM: All right, Senator, I don't want to delay you from walking across the way to get to the Capitol. All right. Good luck.HAWLEY: Thanks for having me.INGRAHAM: All right. Democrats are happy to build a wall. Just not one that needs to be built. Vivek Ramaswamy joins us next with reaction. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): We can secure our border without an ineffective expensive wall.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): Building a wall is not an answer. Not here or anyplace.MICHELLE OBAMA, FORMER FIRST LADY: We don't build up walls to keep people out.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, yes, you do. We all know liberals love walls and tall gates, big fences, lots of security to keep uninvited guests from crashing their fancy houses. And of course, they want to keep themselves safe. And at the U.S. Capitol, they love keeping the people out. Americans and they find fences and barriers useful as props as a way to remind people of course of January 6th, to give the impression that MAGA is a threat to democracy.Joining me now, Vivek Ramaswamy, former GOP presidential candidate, businessman extraordinaire. Vivek, this fence is giving the January 6th vibes, or they going to put us all in solitary confinement too.VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: That's certainly what they're planning to send the vibe of. But it was pretty striking to me, I was there earlier today. These people believe that walls work, they know that they're effective. Part of the reason they don't support one at the southern border is not because it doesn't work. But because it does work.And so that's when it comes to this border issue. People have to understand it's not a technical challenge. Go to Capitol Hill right now. You see it's a technical challenge, you know how to solve it, keep people out. They're good at that. It's a challenge of will and it's a challenge of incentives and if you're importing long run voters in the Democratic Party, you're not going to get a particular rush to actually stop that long wave influx of voters who they presume are going to go for their own party. That's what's going on.INGRAHAM: Fox reporters were at the Eagle Pass area in Texas, where all the migrants are coming through, and they caught one of the illegal aliens wearing a Biden-Harris shirt. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's the President and Vice President of the United States.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Then I have it on so they can let me in.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's a riot. Big joke.RAMASWAMY: They're laughing at it, at every step of the way and you know what, if you're playing for that team, they're signaling exactly who they want to vote for. Here's the other thing that's pretty remarkable, Laura, is in principal, election integrity, voter ID at the ballot box and the issue of illegal immigration or border security are two separate issues. But what is remarkable is that the very people who favor porous borders or poor border security are also the ones who favor lowered requirements for voting. So, these issues, I think are intimately linked --INGRAHAM: Do you think illegals are going to be voting in this next election?RAMASWAMY: I think inevitably there's going to be a lot of seepage, and I think that it's also a long run play. And if you look at what the Democrats were saying, this is now considered a conspiracy theory of sorts on the Right, it's a conspiracy reality, because Democrats have been saying it for 10 years, this was their way of actually securing --INGRAHAM: What's their policy?RAMASWAMY: -- long run lasting electoral majority.INGRAHAM: Yes, I mean, no one voted for this, but they don't care. And they're supposedly the great defenders of democracy. No one wants this open border. Nobody wants these endless wars. Now, when I know these endless wars. I mean, the Washington contingent and the foreign policy crowd might, but most people don't want these policies and they literally do not care.RAMASWAMY: A nation without borders is not a nation. And I don't care if you're a Democrat or Republican or an independent, most people in this country agree on that. It's up to us now to step up and actually make that our vision rather than just complaining about what the other side is doing. And I think if we do that, we win.INGRAHAM: Today, the House passed the Laken Riley Act, Vivek, only 37. Democrats voted for it. One Democrat explained his decision earlier today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RO KHANNA (D-CA): The bill says that if you are arrested, that you could be detained indefinitely, have someone detained without that due process, I think is unAmerican,UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right. Even if that person allegedly goes on to kill a beautiful nursing student on the University of Georgia grounds?KHANNA: Well, obviously that is horrific. But you know what he did, which was steal $200, I don't think people would have been able to draw a direct correlation between everyone who steals $200 and being a brutal murderer.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They're fine with criminals being here. They're more interested in the due process rights of illegal aliens who never should have been here than they are the due process rights of people languishing in prison here in the United States, because they didn't have the right political view.RAMASWAMY: Well, the first thing is the obvious observation of the difference between George Floyd's death and Laken Riley's death, look at actually the responses of the same political party to those two deaths. It's a travesty. But here's the other thing, Laura, is we have made a mistake in this country that it's time to actually correct. Citizens who are here legally, versus non-citizens who entered illegally do not enjoy the same rights. And I think let's just even go to the 14th Amendment. Birthright citizenship does not apply to the kids of illegals.So, people should read the 14th Amendment really carefully, where a lot of the due process under the law, and other attributes are --INGRAHAM: That's a debate constitutionally about it. But I think actually, we could win that debate.RAMASWAMY: I think we would win that debate easily because it says subject to the jurisdiction thereof in the 14th Amendment. My suggestion to the Left when they complain about the 14th Amendment is actually try reading it. Many of them haven't given that a try first --INGRAHAM: Do you think any of the --RAMASWAMY: -- we're inside of that.INGRAHAM: Do you think any of this is going to work, I mean, tonight for Biden, it's going to make any difference whatsoever?RAMASWAMY: Well, I think the stakes are very high. So, they have undoubtedly prepped him, got him on whatever, let's just say energy enhancements he's going to need going into tonight to make sure that this is an effective performance. But the reality is, they might do themselves a favor if he actually craters so that they can do it, I think many want to do anyway, which is to sideline him by the summer and really restart the election process then.INGRAHAM: You're a betting man, I'll bet you that that's never happening. Do you want to put money on that?RAMASWAMY: So, I think it's a 50-50 because you have people who have vested interest to keep him there. But at the same time, I think a bait and switch operation is --INGRAHAM: What the truth is, he is their best option. That's the truth. You know, business. I know this. He is their best option. They don't have anyone better than Biden. That's the truth.RAMASWAMY: Well, I think the reality is, he's a puppet who they can control, so that much I'll agree with you on. His mental frailties. That's not a bug. It is a feature to them, because it allows them to control him. But I think more recently, they've lost their use and these people who are stopping at nothing to keep Donald Trump out of office. I think they'll stop at nothing here as well.INGRAHAM: You know something about politics too. I wasn't trying to say anything about politics.RAMASWAMY: Well, I'm proudly a newcomer.INGRAHAM: Yes.RAMASWAMY: I'm proudly an outsider to this sport.INGRAHAM: Thank goodness, you're an outsider to this. You feel the swamp when you step in, and you feel it here?RAMASWAMY: I'm eager to leave.INGRAHAM: Yes, exactly. Vivek, great to see you as always. All right. President Biden preparing plenty of spin of course about the economy tonight. Larry Kudlow is here; he's going to help us kind of sift through it all in the swamp. Don't go away.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Compare the sorry state the country was in Donald Trump left to where it is now. Wages, everything going in the right direction economically.JEAN-PIERRE: When we talk about 14 million jobs created, unemployment under 4 percent, wages are gone up that did not happen by accident.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, nice try. But here's the truth. When they tell you wages are up, that's a lie. In fact, real wages are down 2 percent. A gallon of gas now costs 42 percent more since Biden took office. Groceries affects all of us, up 25 percent. You know what else is up? Credit card debt, spiking 47 percent since Biden took office.One other data point. When the White House says, which they are saying a lot now, look at the stock market, it's an all-time high. First, they laughed at Trump when he said that. Second, when Trump took office, the Dow was at 19,827, shot up to 30,996 when he left office. That's an increase of 56.3 percent. Today, the Dow closed at 38,791 compared to 30,996 when Biden took over. That's an increase of 25.1 percent.All right. And remember, Trump had to overcome COVID, whereas Biden got the benefits of the end of COVID. He should have run with it.Joining me now, Larry Kudlow, host of Kudlow on Fox Business, former chair of the National Economic Council under President Trump. Larry, does the Biden spin win?LARRY KUDLOW, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST: They're going to really try it again, and they shouldn't, because the facts are completely at loggerheads. I mean, one point I want to make, when Joe Biden came into office, the economy was growing at six and a half percent, with an inflation rate less than one and a half percent. Those are facts. That's not politics. Those are factoids, pure and simple.The other thing I want to say is, you compare Trump wages under Donald Trump. Average, this is the most important measure you can have for working folks. Average weekly wages, OK. Adjusted for inflation, OK. They've gone down almost five percent after three years of Joe Biden.Similarly, under Trump, they went up nine percent. We have the -- I mean, I'll tell you what it was. In January 2017, OK, $366 a week. That's what you made. When Trump left office in January 21, $399 a week. Now, today, January 2024, that's the latest number, January 24, $380. It's gone down 4.9 percent.INGRAHAM: Wow.KUDLOW: In three years plus, under Joe Biden, people took a pay cut in the Biden years --INGRAHAM: They feel it.KUDLOW: -- and that's why his coalition is falling apart.INGRAHAM: Yeah, and the spin just doesn't change the facts, as you said. Facts are facts. They're stubborn. All right, MSNBC, Larry, tried to talk to voters about the economy. Well, it didn't go so well for them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Wages are up. Inflation is easing. Stock market's doing well. How do you feel about the economy day to day?UNKNOWN: I'm not sure I agree with what you just said. Everything you have to buy every day is way more expensive than previous years.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This was an eerie Pennsylvania, Larry. That's good news for Trump. It's bad news for the people there.KUDLOW: I mean, working folks, not the richest, not the elites in both coasts, but working folks, see essentials just cost a lot more, whether it's gasoline or whether it's groceries. And you were running through some of these price increases.Look, I will say the Federal Reserve has brought down the yearly inflation rate, OK. A bit. Yes, they have. But it --INGRAHAM: Never needed to be there, Larry.KUDLOW: In the first place. That's right. So, I did a calculation. For the whole period under Joe Biden, three years plus, the inflation rate is 6 percent at an annual rate, 6 percent. Under Donald Trump, the CPI was 1.9 percent for his entire four-year period.INGRAHAM: Mortgages were flying. People were buying homes. People felt positive. Consumer confidence was up.KUDLOW: About two and a half percent on a 30-year mortgage. Right now, it's over 7 percent. It takes you about $1,100 a month more to buy the same basket of groceries than it did four years ago.INGRAHAM: Larry, I've been dying to talk to you about --KUDLOW: This is just stuff. I'm not making this up.INGRAHAM: Really, really quickly, because they're going to yell at me. When Biden talks about shrinkflation, he has the Muppets out there, right? It's all shrink. Yeah, it's annoying when packages are smaller.KUDLOW: Cookie Monster.INGRAHAM: But why -- yeah. Why are companies forced to do that now without losing money?KUDLOW: Because their raw material prices have shot up.INGRAHAM: Thank you.KUDLOW: Their labor costs have shot up. And either they jack up prices, which turns off consumers, or they give you a few fewer potato chips to hold market share. But they're caught between a rock and a hard place.INGRAHAM: What are they supposed to do?KUDLOW: Because of Biden-flation.INGRAHAM: Yeah. So, he caused it, and now he's complaining about it. Larry, you've been here a long time today. It's so great to see you in person, as always.KUDLOW: Thank you, Laura. My pleasure. Thanks for having me.INGRAHAM: You're welcome. Biden will also push for more Ukraine funding tonight. He knows that support for that is waning, though, so he sent John Kerry out with a solution. Fox's Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, now, Laura, listen, if you could distill the phrase, what you're talking about, Willis, into a single quote, well, the climate czar John Kerry, what he said, just might top the list. Because this week, Kerry seemed to suggest that the world might feel better about the ongoing bloodshed caused by Russia and Ukraine if, that's right, if it cut its emissions.Quote, "if Russia wanted to show good faith, they could go out and announce what their reductions are going to be and make a greater effort to reduce emissions. Maybe that would open up the door for people to feel better about what Russia is choosing to do at this point in time."Say what? Now, normally, this is the part where you would use a clip from that movie, you know, Naked Gun, where everybody slaps their forehead in unison because you just can't make this stuff up. Needless to say, over on Capitol Hill, even Democrats were hard-pressed to explain Kerry's jaw- dropping gaffe.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I can't defend that. That's an absurd comment. Look, Putin's biggest crime is the invasion of Ukraine and killing innocent people. And to think that if he had better climate policy, that that would in any way excuse a brutal war is just foolishness. You should certainly retract that statement. And I really don't know what the guy was thinking.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Ro Khanna, a straight shooter. Online reaction, as you can imagine, was pithy. At this point, the Biden administration is like a continuous SNL skit, said Texas Senator Ted Cruz on X. Others piled on with one social media user calling Kerry a raving lunatic and a climate clown. Laura.INGRAHAM: Climate clown. Kevin, great to see you, as always. All right, a former Nikki Haley donor says, well, her GOP days are numbered if she doesn't do one thing right now. He's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now, Nikki Haley is known to be very smart, but she wouldn't listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You've got to know when to hold them. You've got to know when to fold them. It's time for her to fold them. She has absolutely no chance. Why humiliate yourself in South Carolina and lose by 31 points in your home state? It's political suicide.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And that was from a Nikki Haley donor. But now, Haley is being praised by the left, and her supporters courted by the Biden campaign.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I think the State of the Union address is going to serve as another moment to further cement the choice in this election for the American electorate, writ large, and of course, for Nikki Haley supporters as well.UNKNOWN: We saw between seven and eight and 10 of these Haley voters say that they're not committed to voting for Donald Trump this November. So, we see these as opportunities.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now is Andy Sabin, former Nikki Haley donor, current chairman of Sabin Metal Corporation. Andy, welcome back. How do you think Haley has played this?ANDY SABIN, FORMER NIKKI HALEY DONOR: Thank you for having me, Laura. And what do we know today, we didn't know yesterday. We knew that she had no path. Unfortunately, she was misled by her fundraisers and handlers, telling her what she wanted to hear, not what she should hear. Then she proceeded with the Alabama following, agreeing with Alabama's decision on IVF, knowing that she even has two IVF kids.And now, I think, the real mistake when she entered these five debates, she pledged to no matter who the Republican nominee was, that she would support that nominee, knowing very well there was a strong possibility of it being Donald Trump.Coming from the trading business, your word is your bond. And in my opinion, Nikki Haley must keep her word if she wants credibility and she wants to be trusted going forward.INGRAHAM: Here's the problem. You got Mitch McConnell endorsing Trump. I'm sure he's not thrilled about it, but he endorsed Trump. John Thune endorsed Trump. He wants to be the next leader of the Republican Party. You got John Cornyn, another establishment guy, endorsed Trump.I mean, people are lining up. Business people are lining up. He's meeting with a lot of big deal business people now. Wall Street people showing up to have dinner with him. They know kind of where things are headed and they want to, you know, cover their bases. But she seems to think that he owes her something at this point.SABIN: She already committed suicide. She's adding to it. I'm a big fan of Mitch McConnell, but nobody has been called worse names and more names by Donald Trump than Mitch McConnell. But he's a class act. He's a real mensch. And he came right back and wants to do what's good for the party. America has a big problem with Biden getting reelected.INGRAHAM: Oh, God, no.SABIN: They sit down and say to themselves, what about Kamala Harris? There is probably a better than 50 or 60 percent chance that you're going to deal with a Kamala Harris presidency if Biden wins in November.INGRAHAM: Yeah, we should just have the bumper stickers, Kamala 2024, and that will get more people to vote. Andy, it's always great to see you. Thanks so much.All right. While President Biden gets ready to leave the White House for the State of the Union, Donald Trump has a plan to hit back in real time. Oh, I love this. Mollie Hemingway, Ari Fleischer, they're here to react, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: In about 30 minutes or so, Biden will get into his motorcade and head over to Capitol Hill, where he's going to try to defend the indefensible, what he's done to this country. For a preview, we go live to the White House with Fox's own Peter Doocy. He's standing by. Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: And Laura, we see this over the last couple of months. The trend is that poll after poll find that a lot of people who are going to be watching the president for the first time, in a while tonight, think that he has more issues with his mental sharpness than Donald Trump does. So tonight, part of the president's approach is going to be to tell these people watching that Trump, who's four years younger, is actually the same age.They gave us this excerpt. Part of it says, my lifetime has taught me to embrace freedom and democracy, a future based on the core values that have defined America, honesty, decency, dignity, equality, to respect everyone, to give everyone a fair shot, to give hate no safe harbor. Now, some other people my age see a different story, an American story of resentment, revenge and retribution. That's not me.The president is also going to try to pitch a unity agenda on things like fighting fentanyl that everybody likes, that officials hope could appeal to moderate Republicans. But at the same time, he plans to put Republican lawmakers down specifically for killing a bipartisan border deal and for hostility as he sees it to what Biden officials call reproductive rights, specifically access to abortions and IVF.Officials are also saying they know the talk about Israel and Gaza tonight could be very emotional even for people in their own party. So, the speech prep has included practice for how to deal with hecklers from his own party.And at the moment, even though we are about an hour away from the president leaving here to go over, there are about 100 protesters who are trying to obstruct the motorcade route. Those are specifically people who want President Biden to be tougher on Israel and more sympathetic to the cause of a ceasefire. You can see it there.These guys are in the street. The Secret Service has multiple ways they could go to the Capitol. It's not likely that this is going to cause any kind of a delay to the speech, but they're going to have to get a bunch of plastic handcuffs out pretty quick so that they can start on time. Laura.INGRAHAM: All right, Peter, great to see you. Joining me now, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of The Federalist, Ari Fleischer, former White House press secretary. Both are Fox News contributors.Ari, it does appear that Biden has some really hardcore fans located around that motorcade route. There's a decent crowd, maybe 100 or so. You can't really tell from the pool shots we have, but they're not happy. Biden's now going to put a port in using our military to help Hamas with Americans still held hostage there. But he's thinking that's going to help him politically. Thoughts tonight?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, a couple things. Number one, if this little protest tonight, just wait till Chicago. Just wait till the Democrats gather in Chicago. What you're seeing tonight is nothing. Chicago is going to likely be mayhem for the Democrats.As for that port that he's going to announce tonight to bring allegedly humanitarian relief to the people in Gaza, that is not to bring relief to the people in Gaza. It is much more to bring relief to Joe Biden in Michigan. That's what that is about. That is one of the most overt uses of the military to secure a political purpose at home.He is so worried about losing votes from the Arab community in Michigan. That's what's motivating him to do this. And he's going to lose on that front. I can't wait for the speech tonight to hear what he says about Hamas. He's trying to have it both ways.And you can't do that on an issue like this. He's alienating America's Jewish community, which is an overwhelmingly Democratic voting bloc and the Arab community. He's going to end up with the worst of both worlds.INGRAHAM: Mollie, I've enjoyed thoroughly over the last, you know, 48 hours, the media's big buildup to tonight and their claims about Trump as poor Biden, you know, has struggles for off the cuff comments. Nicolle Wallace and Rachel Maddow, they had some interesting comments. Let's play them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: America becoming a threat, which is what it becomes, a threat to the world order if Trump is reelected, is a known known.UNKNOWN: The project of the Republican Party is to install a strongman form of government in the United States and get rid of democracy. And that is the project of electing Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, they are to lead us to believe there will never be another election in the United States. I don't think there's a person on the planet who actually believes that. And I don't think they believe it.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think there's anyone who believes that. But they also have the problem that President Biden and his Department of Justice are right now engaged in the retribution and retaliation that he says that he needs to be reelected to prevent.That's what the Department of Justice is doing. It's one of the reasons why his polling is going so poorly. But as far as the world situation, too, even this protest tonight shows another problem that he has relative to President Trump.You remember during the Trump presidency that he was -- you saw peace breaking out all over the world, including in the Middle East. And President Biden, who claimed he would be a very good foreign policy president, has been overseeing quite a bit of chaos around the world.INGRAHAM: Yeah, Ari, chaos as far as the eye can see in the Middle East, in America. Tonight, this is just, you said, just a sliver of evidence of what Biden is going to face at his own convention. But the people are not happy about the migrant crime, taking resources from hardworking Americans.People are -- you know, I hate the word, but peed off. They're mad. And they feel like nobody's representing them except that guy, Donald Trump.FLEISCHER: And inflation still is the leading issue in the United States, even more than the border. And it's because people are still suffering from it every day. And there's nothing Joe Biden can say tonight or do tonight that really is going to reverse that. I've been in the White House where you try to craft a speech for a president whose popularity was on the decline. And you're looking for the right words, the right language. But events are bigger than any one president's words on any one given night.People understand that when you give a speech, you're packaging it, you're putting it together. It's a wish list. But then they go right back to their reality the next morning when they get off the couch. And that's why there's really little that, to anything, Joe Biden can do tonight to reverse those fortunes.The only thing that could happen to help Joe Biden is if either he gets younger and healthier between now and the election, or inflation and the economy really do change dramatically between now and November.INGRAHAM: It's not happening.FLEISCHER: And he's running out of time.INGRAHAM: Not happening. No, I mean, the Fed's, you know, pulling interest rates down. I mean, you sort of see that a lot of people wondering how interesting since inflation really isn't coming down as rapidly as they predicted.But there's an issue about mental acuity. They're trying to compare Trump to Biden. And you saw that with that people of my age ball. This is what happened with a conversation between Jake Tapper and Chris Coons. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Former President Trump is saying that he wants to debate Joe Biden anytime, anywhere, any place. Is that a good idea?UNKNOWN: I wouldn't encourage it, but I don't think the campaign or the president has made a decision yet.UNKNOWN: Are you saying that President Biden should not debate former President Trump?UNKNOWN: I think that's up to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's your answer, Mollie. He will never debate Donald Trump.HEMINGWAY: Except that's the problem for him. He has a situation where people know that he is struggling with his mental acuity. They need to see him debate. They need to see that he's able to handle the situation. And so, if he refuses to debate, and I understand why people would want to avoid it, it only reinforces for people that problem.But it's not just mental acuity. It is the policies that people don't like. It is --INGRAHAM: The results.HEMINGWAY: And he could change those policies, and he's refusing to do that. And so, the policies, whether it's on the border, with foreign policy, with the economy, with crime, those are the things that people don't like, even more than they don't like the fact that he doesn't seem to be all there.INGRAHAM: But Ari, they keep thinking this is a comms problem. So, the comms team is essentially running this White House, as far as I can tell. By the way, we have another excerpt from the speech tonight. He says that he's going to say, I came to office determined to get us through one of the toughest periods in our nation's history, and we have. It doesn't make the news, but in thousands of cities and towns, the American people are writing the greatest comeback story never told.Ari, I think the greatest comeback story that's in the offing is Trump's ascendancy.FLEISCHER: I think that's probably right, Laura. But look, they shouldn't even try. It is a political mistake and a communications mistake to try to tell the American people that which you earnestly believe and feel is wrong, and you need to change your beliefs. It's just not going to work.This is an emotional issue. It's an emotional reaction to Biden's bad policies, because people see what's going on the border is wrong. What's happening, inflation hurts, and you can't tell people, deny what you're feeling. That's what this White House is trying to do. It just won't work.INGRAHAM: Mollie, quickly, young people don't really watch politics as much as the rest of us do. They'll catch bits and pieces of this. Will this change any minds?HEMINGWAY: I doubt that this will make a huge -- the only thing that would make a huge splash is if he really does fail to deliver this speech, but he'll probably handle it just fine, and it will not matter much at all.INGRAHAM: Reading a teleprompter, he actually can do that decently. Mollie and Ari, it's always great to see you. Thank you so much. All right, that is it for us tonight. Make sure you stay with Fox all night for the State of the Union coverage. Thank you for watching. Jesse Watters takes it from here.It's America, now and forever. I will see you tomorrow night. Follow me on social. You'll get commentary throughout the night.