BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: Happening today on Capitol Hill, the House is slated to hold a second voted to impeach DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas after it failed the first time by just one vote. And as the GOP holds on to a razor thin majority in the House, tonight's New York City - New York's special election could make all the difference in any future votes and ultimately border security.Joining us now is New York congressional candidate Mazi Pilip.Mazi, first off, what is your closing message as you take on Tom Suozzi in this district that they say is too close to call?MAZI PILIP (R), NEW YORK CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE: It's very simple. Today is all - is all about doing the right thing. So, it's all about securing our border. This is all about being tough on crime and supporting law enforcement. It's all about improving our economy. This is the opportunity for the third congressional district resident to vote for me and to send a message to Suozzi, his time is over. He created this mess, the border crisis. He opened the border. And, as a result, we are facing a border crisis, which we have to take care as soon as possible.KILMEADE: So, are you worried about the weather? If the weather closes schools and the voting is in the schools, do you worry that people are getting the message that they can't vote?PILIP: No, I'm not worried because the issues are so important. I know the third congressional district residents will do everything to come out to vote because it's so important.This seat is about saving our country.KILMEADE: So, he outspent you two to one. How did - how did you overcome that, or how do you expect to?PILIP: You know, we have ground forces, people whose very much engaged and care about this country that have been working the last eight weeks every single day. That's why we're going to have a victory today, because the issue is so important and people have been working so hard.KILMEADE: So, in 2020, Joe Biden won this by eight. It looks like Santos won by five. They said it's gone more MAGA than ever. What do - what do you say to people that have come to that conclusion? Did you find that when you campaigned?PILIP: People want common sense government. They're sick and tired of old politics, like Tom Suozzi, who's so good on speaking, talking, but failed to deliver. And they want fresh voice. Somebody who - who live within - within the community. Somebody who's - you know, knows how difficult it is in our economy to raise seven children.So, you know, people are sick and tired of border crisis. They want us to be tough on crime. They want safe streets. They want to improve our economy. They would like us to bring back the SALT deduction, which I'm very much engaged to bring SALT deduction for New Yorkers. Making New York more affordable.KILMEADE: And what that does is allow you to write off your - your state taxes. Donald Trump's tax reform got rid of that. So, you're going against Trump - Trump in that respect?PILIP: Yes, absolutely. Although, you know, if he's going to be the president, I will be supporting him when it comes to SALT deduction. I will do everything to work hard with the New York delegation, Long Island delegation, to bring SALT deduction to New Yorkers and make our state affordable for people to live and to work in New York.KILMEADE: Are you for the Ukraine aid that's going to be in front of the House? That's going to be a vote that you'll have to take if you win this seat. And your husband's from the Ukraine. Would you vote for Ukraine aid?PILIP: You know, although I believe we need to support our allied nation. However, when it comes to Ukraine, it has been two years. All we ask is we need explanation how the money has been spent. Once this answer is going to come back to us, we will evaluate. But one things I can tell you, we need to support Israel as soon as possible. The aid to Israel has to be separate.KILMEADE: Yes.PILIP: No condition. We need to support Israel as soon as possible because Israel is fighting a terrorist organization.KILMEADE: I hear you. Tell the president that. He seems to be wavering.Good -- best of luck. Mazi Pilip, best of luck today. Go out and vote, everybody.PILIP: Thank you.